Don't let lust take over love oh boy where do i even start

well i am a 16 M and i have gone some through some shit regarding relationships,so lets just call my ex abigail, so she was around three elder than me, and trust me when i say this, we FELL in love not even kidding.

this happend when i was 14 and she was 16,and well one day i just confessed and bam, we were dating! We were already best friends we hung out everyday in the park talked about life,sometimes not about life and sometimes about how china could become the world leader in the coming years... basically we could talk on and on for days without getting bored and well we loved every bit of it and hence we loved each other.

but after a month or so of dating,we had our first kiss, as always it was a bit awkward (didnt help that it was both of ours first time lmao) but we nonetheless enjoyed it! But that's where it all began that sweet moment of ecstasy and pure joy when you kiss someone you love is just incomparable, but in retrospect... it was  bit soon,fast forwards a few weeks we were full on making out(her apartment was just below mine and on top of that our parents were good friends so we could visit each other practically whenever we wanted),i am talking full on 3rd base here, and before i realised it, i got addicted to it,now as a horny teen( uk it sux to be that :( )i would go out of my way to get some action,now some would say whats the problem right? well the problem was i was not getting addicted to the person i was dating but rather the very act of "getting some action", and it wasn't that my love for her became lesser or anything, it was my lust that overcame my love for her,it just felt too good to not do it and she used to like it too,but turns out i liked it for the very act of it and not because it was HER.

but obviously my naive self told that "oh no you guys are together that means you will love her right?" .wrong.i was just too horny to realize how much of a good person i was slowly losing,after the first few months i remember nothing of our relationship,no talking,no hanging out just constant making out.and then well,the day came which i feared the most.

obviously cuz she was older than me she had to go to college first,now my love for her never grew less,it was my lust that grew stronger,so i said to her "you know what even though you are going how bout we still keep our relationship,we do love each other so whats a lil distance eh?" and thats how we started our long distance.

i thought well how diffcult can it be? if you love someone you can stay away from them but still love em....

but the problem was that my love for her fell short in front of my lust.

after a week when she left,i realized that i felt empty,we didn't talk that much(not that we did anyway) and even if we did i couldn't ever get enough,i always wanted more time more and more not caring about her in anyway.but once i realized that i couldn't talk to her that much i started looking for more friends.

i did have friends but not anyone i could talk freely to and like actually care about you know, and well i had just graduated to my next grade.and then i saw one of my hotter classmates,and i straight up went like huh,she would be pretty nice to date,but now looking back at it, i realized how much of a scum i was,the only reason for this to happen was because of my lust,because i couldn't and well moreover didn't care about someone i loved,i just wanted to bone,and that's why i abandoned my love,i started talking to her less frequently started talking with my other friend a lot,i legit became a simp not for a girl but for sex,i wanted to fill the void which was created by my own stupidity by boning with someone else,now remember i didn't want my current relation to end either i just wanted to bone.

well thankfully i was lil bitch and never really advanced on my friend(i am happy i didn't) while i was in the my relation,but i was like fuck it i have had enough of it and texted abigail outta the blue and told her,"hey,this aint gona work out for us" and left her,the fucking irony of this situation was that she still didn't leave me, the first thing she replied was "hey,are you ok? do you want me to call?"and now looking back at it, i realize how much of a moron i was to leave her.

i just said no i don't and i said i think its over for us we fight a lot and we don't really get along anymore so we should leave it.but she still somehow managed to convince me and then didn't break up,but after that if we had a disagreement on any little topic i used to bring up the topic of breaking up and then well she started to cry,well how much ever i wanted to run away from her,i couldn't see her cry,i just couldn't.

and well this continued for about a few months when finally in December of 2019,we decided to end it,i guess no matter how much you love a person you can tolerate only so much bullshit eh?

and well i might be a scum but i at least know that i needed to study well for getting admission in a good high school,so i decided to drop any ideas about a girl and study seriously and fortunately my exams just got over at the time when the lock down was imposed in my country.

and well after that i had i had plenty of time to think about everything that happend or what will happen in the future, and well i in this quarantine i realized that you know,sex ain't everything,i was so blind with lust that i couldn't see my love and now i regret everything that i have done to hurt that saint of  a woman,i realized how much a human trash i was and that i probably deserved this "sexless quarantine",actually the funny thing is that,i don't even think i enjoy sex anymore,i guess,i just am disturbed by it now,disturbed by how easily one can do wrong things for the wrong reasons.

i have finally realized what i should've realized years ago,that sex is just a by product of love,when you truly love someone you wish to do physical things with them,but i guess i was too young and naive to ever consider it, and i took it as a joke and blatantly left a girl who was nothing short of perfect and supporting for just getting some action.

tldr:i am a human piece of trash,a scum if you may but i have decided to improve. no i am not gonna go back to her i have hurt her enough, infact i am taking a break from any sort of relationships, and probably wont date someone until i find someone whom i can see settling down with.