Obama feeding me fried chicken would be a mooood “Omg Obama”. It was all she could say with the former president’s dick hanging in front of her. She couldn’t believe this was happening. They had been dating for several months now, but Barack said he wanted to wait a while longer. It had been several years since Michelle’s tragic death in that bungie-jumping-inside-a-volcano incident. Sadly the instructor shot her in the face several times. Barack waited the appropriate amount of time, but Michelle always said that if something were to ever happen to her, she just wanted Barack to be happy. And Barack was going to make Sarah very happy that night. His cock shined like a stark black mare glittering in the moon light. It was just under 6 inches, when flaccid of course. When fully erect, Barack reached 9 inches. Sarah couldn’t wait to taste the black licorice in her mouth. However, when she went to start sucking Barack off, he politely declined. He wanted her to get in he mood first. He slowly pulled off her dress. Once it his the floor, so did his knees. She moaned with pleasure as his tongue touched her clit. She felt as if fireworks were going off inside her, but not in an STD way. Obama and Sarah were tested before intercourse to guarantee no diseases were had between them. Several minutes in, Sarah couldn’t take it anymore. She pulled Barack up and kissed his glorious face. She whispered in his ear, “Now it’s my turn”. Obama sat on the edge of the bed as Sarah began working the shaft. Several times he shoved her head, asking before each time. She loved every second. Eventually, Barack said, “Time to sit on the Obama Monument”. Sarah inserted Barack into her. She could feel her insides being pushed together. She had the deepest orgasm of her entire life. And three minutes in, she tied that record. Barack finally came 15 minutes in. As they cuddled in bed that night, Sarah asked if Barack enjoyed her. He laughed and said, “Every moment is enjoyable when I’m with you”. And as Sarah laid her head on his chest, she slept soundly.