rant pls read n give ur opinion no therapy so here i am

life rant because i cannot afford therapy ( kinda )

yk i have a pretty good life , but sometimes i jus wish i could jus tell someone everything without the consequences . 
i am 15 and i have the rest of my life planned out . that is , if i live past 25 . you’d think that because i have goals and friends and hobbies and a plethora of reasons to live i wouldn’t want to die . but i do . i think i’m jus afraid of all the work and effort and chances for failure . sometimes i think it’s jus because i’m lazy . i don’t want to put in the work to get what i want but if i don’t achieve these specific things i won’t want to continue living anyways . it got to a point in june where i tried and it didn’t even ducking work n i feel like i can’t even find the strength to ki|| myself let alone live . like what a fucking pussy i am . 
my friends are all great and i love them a lot but i jus feel like none of them actually care abt me . i told one of my friends abt june , she cried and got sad , i felt guilty . then she told my mum . that fucking bitch . i had to lie my fucking ass off , but she still wanted to send me to therapy . i agreed to go but i never admitted to what i had done . my mum never sent me to therapy , and sometimes i wonder if it was jus because i’m a good liar or if it’s because she doesn’t actually care and jus wants to seem like she does . either way it doesn’t matter cuz i’m not there n i should be . 
i also feel like i don’t actually exist . like i am actually jus a product of other people’s views of me . i don’t consider myself a surface level person , but i guess because i feel like i know myself so well it jus seems like there should be more to find out . but yea , sometimes i think i don’t exist and i only exist in other peoples minds . like yes i have a physical embodiment but truly other peoples version of me is what makes the greatest impression of my imapact on this earth .
surprisingly i don’t consider myself an overthinker . maybe it’s because i’m a causal overthinker . 
either way i would love to hear someone else’s unbiased opinion on my thoughts . thanks :)