Things I would tell my younger self I wish someone told me these things when I was younger. Wishfully I hope that taking this information would've given me an advantage over my current self if I had learnt it earlier. Unfortunately, being told advice doesn't mean you've learnt it, and only upon reflection can you see what you have created for yourself. Unlike memorising facts and figures in school, you learn about life from living it. You must apply your ethics and personal morality each and every time you make a decision, and that is what determines who you really become.

I don't think anything suddenly changes when you grow up, it's a gradual shift. As you take more responsibility for your actions and become more empathetic, you get better at dealing with increasingly complex situations. Some people are forced to "grow up" younger than seems fair while others never seem to - that's life. Focus on your situation, no amount of envy or hatred will swap your shoes with someone else's.

Don't sweat the small stuff - no drama is worth the stress, stay out of it if you can. One of my friend's ex's mates (broke up 2 years ago) still message her as a joke, they won't grow up and it shows through their social media. Toxicity is a bitch.

Have a good support structure - some people have their family, others friends, and some have places on the internet like this. Be vocal when you truly need it, just remember to reciprocate the help if they need it for when they need it.

Start saving - whether you spend on new shoes, new phones, a car, house deposit etc, always make sure you have money for an emergency. My dad has been made redundant twice over the last 8 years, and if he didn't have any savings, we would've been screwed. Depending on your situation and outgoings, as well as what type of financial support you have (parents etc), you will need to decide how much to have for a rainy day.

(If applicable) get your license - I wish I got my license when I had more free time and wasn't paying rent, I had more disposable income on my 10 hour McDonald's job than I do with my maintenance loan and £500/month part time job. I very easily couple spent time and money to learn how to drive, I even could've done one of those intensive week courses in the summer. At uni now I haven't got much free time or money to do this, and I don't want to be in a position where I have to turn down a graduate job because I can't drive or because I can't afford lessons and a car AND insurance.

Travel/spend time on things you love - travel might be a limiting factor for early teens but developing your skills and having fun are crucial to your mental well-being. Do the things that make you happy and make your self the best you that you can be.

Peer pressure sucks - I've seen some of my closest friends turn alcoholics, and others start doing ketamine and meth. I've never touched anything more than cannabis and still make edibles to this day (everyone loves them), but I can't count the number of times I've been offered harder drugs. I have friends of friends who I don't think will make it to 30. I've also seen how two-faced people can be, leading to bullying individuals to "get in" with certain friendship groups and it's gross to see. 

Be kind - love is not meant for just your partner, it is compassion for others. Most people in school know someone that everyone likes/has no beef with and that person doesn't bias certain individuals. Be kind to people who help you, and be kind to those who need help.