It’s been two years since I almost ended my life, recovery is possible! Two years ago today I was in a terrible place mentally.  I had absolutely no hope of things ever getting better and I didn’t feel truly wanted by anyone.  We rarely ever talked about suicide in school or anywhere else, but when we did it was never helpful anyway.  Everyone would say suicide is a permanent solution for a temporary problem.  Here’s the thing guys, it’s a true statement, but it doesn’t help someone that’s truly hurting.  It doesn’t feel temporary in the moment.  Either way, you can’t use logic to persuade someone against suicide.  Suicidal thoughts aren’t grounded in logic, they’re grounded in feelings and emotions.  Personally, I think using logic inadvertently invalidates those feelings and makes it harder to reach out.

If you are feeling suicidal right now, please know this.  Your thoughts are only thoughts, they are not facts.  You are not alone, you are dearly loved, and you truly matter in this world.  Hold on to the little moments of joy in life.

I never thought I would make it to college, but here I am, thriving, two years after almost ending my life.  I almost never got the chance to meet many of the amazing people in my life.  I almost never got the chance to support my family during hard times.  If I had ended my life two years ago, my mom would be mourning the loss of her child today, but instead she called me just to tell me she loves me.

I don’t love life every day and there’s no easy fix or simple trick to begin recovery.  Recovery is a long process with all sorts of ups and downs.  It takes many days of wondering what you’re doing wrong and why you’re not getting better.  It takes many baby steps to find some joy in your life.  It takes so much strength and determination, but it is possible.  I never thought I would be sitting here two years later and be so thankful to be alive, but here I am.

If you’re struggling with suicidal thoughts right now, please message me or someone you trust.  If you just want to talk, please message me or someone you trust.  If you’re happy to be alive, I’d love to hear why.

Wishing you all a wonderful night/day/morning/whatever it is where you are :)