My dad have a surgery tmrw and I just said to him my first "love u" and he responded! Sorry about the typos in here but I am a dislexic and English is not the main launglage. Now I am 16 year old boy never said to my dad "love u" or he to me. The story starts before 3 month when I met my girlfriend (she is the best and I am so in love with her and we are almost 3 month together). We met in discord and she is a gamer (anime) girl. We even have a Minecraft realm together and share one Netflix account. Then my dad on his work (he work with a lot of heavy and big things) had an incident. One 1000kg piece of steal fall on his leg when he was moving it. His leg wasn't broken but was rly badly damaged. My girlfriend is a big support in my life and is the only person till today I have ever said "love u". My father stairs in home 2 month before to go on a work again, but for bad news his leg didn't fix that easily. It always was not like it was used to be. Today he felt dizzy in his head and pain in his leg. He stayed home and go to the doctor. The bad news are that he need to go to the big town (we do live in a town but we don't have the doctors to see what exactly is happening) to see more competent doctor. After I got this news I saw my dad and mother not the best. His eyes was red and his voice was down. He didn't eat almost nothing and had a bad mood. I tried not to cry in front of him and I succeeded but then when he go out of the room tears started falling out of my eyes. I was so scared cuz that what he had is something with the vanes on his leg and it can affcet the heart and he can die. PEOPLE I AM NOT READY TO LOSE HIM! After that I go into my room and started crying. For example how much I don't cry, me and my cousin lived 14 years under the same roof and she never saw me crying(she still haven't). I texted my girlfriend and she called me. She started telling me how everything will be ok and told me to go to my parents room to hug my dad and to tell him "I love u " after 10 mins of she making me to tell him I said yes. I go in they're room, go to my father hugged him and told him "I love u" and I start crying on his shoulder. He hugged me back and said "I love u too" and also told me everything will be fine and he will come back 100% to see me again. He promised. Wish him luck and me too cuz I have math term test and have no idea how I will make it. Ty for reading all of this no sense but had to say it somewhere. Good night!