My parents don't let me spend my own money? Alright, maybe not the correct place to ask, but I figured y'all must have experience on this.

I am currently 15, and I have saved money for myself my whole life. Money I got from birthdays, Christmas, and other stuff. I have a pretty hefty amount saved there, almost 4 digit numbers.

I have a game that I really like, and I want to buy a skin to support the developers, on top of being my fav skin. The Skin costs 25€ (flame me all u want, but my money my choice remember that)

They say I need to save money for my drivers license, but thanks to my hardworking grandfather (who unfortunately isn't here with us anymore) who worked all his life to make mine and my mum's life easier, there is a separate bank account with money for my loans, car, and drivers license, so I didn't need to save for these things.

She literally hid the money somewhere I can't find. And if I ask to use her own money, she's going to ask my dad, who NO WAY in fucking hell is going to let me. Even if it was 99 cents.

I also want to spend money on a new mouse (and on generally things I want and that make me happy), since mine is literally broke and I really need one for school work, but I talk to her and she's like "too expensive" (45€ mouse btw, not expensive at all considering what I'm getting). And if I talk back to her with valid arguments, "You're ungrateful", "My house my rules", "Don't talk back".

I see my friends having fun in some games that I can't even buy because I can't use my money and my parents don't let me use theirs.

I know theres the point of teaching me money management, but firstly:

I have been taught very well to spend it only on things that I need, and rarely on things that we want (not never, but not everyday either).

And secondly,

For me to test my money management, I need to have money to manage in the first place!

How do I talk to her without getting the "You're ungrateful", "My house my rules", "Don't talk back", as well as getting grounded and not being able to do anything electronic wise for 1 motnh (its literally all I have to entertain myself), as well as being able to buy things I want/need?

Thanks boys and girls!