My latest philosophy.. Dont hate people. Whether you hate a racist, sexist, misandrist, misogynist, rapist, murderer, or anybody else. You hate them for their ignorance. 

The racist may genuinely that he isnt a bad person. He believes that he's the good one. He may genuinely believe that black people are inherently bad. While this isnt true, why does he believe it? His environment. His environment shaped him to how is is today. What he's learned from the media, his parents, his encounters with black people, ect. He isnt in control of his environment. It's not his fault that he's racist. If he wouldve grown up in a different family, he probably wouldn't of been racist. It has nothing to do with his brain, and everything to do with his environment. Racism isn't inherent. Its ignorance that's taught. Something you have no control over being taught. Because you lack perspective. If you had that real perspective and yet you still grew up in that environment, you would choose to not be racist. Most people dont understand how shaped we are by our environments. All of our thoughts. All of our descions. Our life choices. They stemmed from our environment. An environment we didnt choose. It's not our fault that we have those thoughts. So noone should hate us for them. At the least, they should feel sorry for is. At the most, they should try their best to educate us. Once you realize this, that people are products of their environments. That who they are isnt their fault. All of the hate you have will leave your heart. 

Now, this isnt to say that you should just handle every situation with a bad person like "i'm better than you," so you're still feeling good at the end of the day. That's an ego problem. Another issue for another time. 

And this doesnt mean that you aren't responsible for making strides to change your life. To become better. To change your environment. This isnt a free pass to just be an uncrafted person. Yes, you have to hit the perfect and exact pillars (bits of knowledge) in order to want to change your life and actually do it. Whether you get those or not is entirely based on your environment. But truthfully you probably have pieces of those pillars already, most people do. This post isnt meant for you to disregard those pillars and just stay how you are. If anything, its meant to encourage you to do the opposite. Push and change to become better. Go for it. Stop hating people. Theres no valid reason to.