my parents are such racist homophobes it's so fucking annoying you don't have to read this, lmao, I just wanted to write it down. but it'd like it if u did &lt;33 

I'd like to start off by saying my mum's always taught me that "god loves all of us", "we're all his children", all that kind bullshit. I never really believed her; good people die, etc etc.

yet she still has the gigantic fucking BALLS to compare races. I'd like to say she's from India, what the actual fuck does she mean?? is this is race version of internalised-homophobia?? I need ANSWERS, because I am losing my shit and my patience is a very thin thing.

for example, today, I was minding my own business at the dining table. just eating my noodles, slurp slurp n shit, and her and my father are in the kitchen, ranting about something. and I wasn't paying attention. she literally calls me over and goes "the kids where we're from don't play with black people, it's only Mexicans and whites. Mexicans are better, right?" 

*"Mexicans are better, right?" "Mexicans are better, right?" "Mexicans are better, right?" "Mexicans are better, right?" "Mexicans are-"* 

so I just laugh nervously, because I'm not about to fuckin die, and just say "I don't know." and leave. and she goes "you don't ever know anything! you don't think about anything."

and my guy yeah I fuckin DON'T, but c'mon satan that was a big blow to my trembling insecure teen ego. I think everyone should be treated equally, unless you're like a murderer, a pedophile, sexist, abuser, rapist, authority, etc. HOW IS THAT A BAD THING?

alright now the homophobic part, because she's done too many racist things for me to continue.

okay, so, I'm not straight. let's get that out of the way. im a pansexual, aromantic female. Ive known for two years now, and it isn't gonna change anytime soon. unless it does, I guess. it is fluid, after all. other than that, I support literally anything in the community that isn't hurting anyone. ( pedophilia isn't a sexuality. ) and at this point, I just spew out lgbt joke after lgbt joke whenever it's funny.

aromanticism means you don't feel little to no romantic attraction. pansexuality is the attraction to all genders. I haven't come out to my family yet, but I drop hints. like saying I want a certain shirt and saying it looks like a pride flag, saying I don't want to marry anyone because we all suck as people, saying random girls are hotter than the boys in movies, etc. 

so one day we're all sat in the car, driving somewhere, and I get bored and decide *'why not try to come out?'* since I don't really care that much. If I get kicked out, so be it, I have friends far enough from my house and I could take my dad's wallet. and if I die? that's cool, too. 

so I ask what she thinks about bisexuals, since she probably wouldn't tell the difference anyways. and she says "they're a little weird. I mean, why would you wanna change how god made you when he made you this way for a reason?" 

***A SHORT PSA TO ALL CISHETS OUT THERE: BEING LGBTQ+ IS NOT A CHOICE.***

it just got me so?? annoyed?? I understand ignorance but holy fuck. 

 cool that's all have a nice day