I just broke up hwlp 18M 17F I don’t know how I feel man. This is the first time I care so much for a girl that I like. She is my first girlfriend. So we know each other for a year and I confessed to her out of a sudden. She has a crush on me as well so she asked what are we and I said couple. We weren’t really close to each other before and I feel like I confessed at the wrong time. We dated for a month and a half and honestly that was my happiest moment. We went out a few times together during corona. Although it wasnt the best, we had so much fun together. We even introduced each other to our families and friends. Everything changed since school started. We both got really stressed. She has uni application to do and I just started uni and my midterm is coming soon. I just don’t enjoy uni cuz I know no one and its hard for me to ask questions. I am not making any friends at uni. So she asked if we could go on a break and I didn’t know what it meant. She wants to be close friends and she is not looking for a relationship at the moment . She wasn’t emotionally prepared for our relationship and she said she can’t dedicate enough into our relationship. She wanted to tell me this the third day. She said perhaps in the future we can be together again and for now on she is down to play games and send memes as friends now.Honestly I don’t really mind i just want to be together with her. Knowing that we are now close friends but we cant go out together anymore. It has to be in a group of friends and I don’t know when it will happen. Now we only send memes but if she still consider me as her close friend she should tell me how she feels. My mind was really messed the past few days and I kept on asking her what she meant. I was being really pushy and she finally said break up. She didn’t want me to wait for her cuz she never knows when she will be ready. We are now friends and later in the year if i want to confess again i don’t want to lose a close friend. I don’t know if i will have the courage anymore. My only dream for now is her to confess to me when she is ready. It might sound impossible but I really like her. I thought our relationship would last longer than this.