This isnt even a joke anymore! "I dont want to be horny any more, I just want to be happy"

We all have heard this phrase, right?

Well at least for me its not a joke anymore

Im tired of not beig happy, my parents say "you have a great school, your parents, friends, two cats and you just bought a pc with your own money, why would you be sad?"

BECAUSE I WANT LOVE!

Im tired of jerking off, I would pay a god to take my abillity to feel pleasure if he/she gives me someone that support me and actually loves me.

My friends call me" the inmortal" (not a joke) cause everytime some girl/dude hurts me, I always get up!

Well that is just shit, I cry every single night myself to sleep while hugging a PILLOW and pretending that its someone Who loves me

In the past 3 months 4 different People played with my heart, the first 3 didnt went further than just one or two kisses, but I actually felt for the 4th.

Every morning he would text and talk to me for 5-6 hours, we kissed several time and almost fucked once, he would ask if i drinked water because he didnt wanted me to die.
Shit he didnt even liked videogames and asked me to tell him about my minecraft World because he knew it was important to me.

At the end, it turn out he didnt felt anything and he hated me and didnt wanted to see me ever again.

I really miss that someone treats me like him

Before you say "you at least have friends" I dont consider them my actual friends, they call me freak, nerd, and tell me that my drawing skill are trash and i should just stop wasting the money (I started 3 weeks ago)and they only call me because im an absolute beast in COD:Warzone 

I dont want to commit anything stupid but im about to, my school sucks, my parents are not proud, nobody shows me love, not shure if this is the last thing I Will write, but I dont care if This gets downvoted to oblivion, I wanted to say this loud and clear, im not happy at all.

So with the humour and happy face that I always show to my friends, thanks for coming to my TED talk

(ps: im bisexual, just if u got confused at some point)