The Diplomats of the Skeleton Grounds [DISCLAIMER: It's long.]


A long time ago, back in like 2010, I, the pioneer and swashbuckling hero of this story stepped into the deepest, darkest shithole humanity had ever seen... elementary school. Now, I know this sounds like the start of another cheesy Netflix original that gets away with way too many plot holes, red flags and abs to be rated PG-13,but bear with me because uhm you're already reading I guess.


This particular ground I was in was overlooked by the biology lab. Leaning on the window, watching over us, was the Skeleton God. Now, according to urban lore, ol' SG had enforced Project Divide and Conquer. By systematically splitting all 8 year olds into teams, the grounds had descended into anarchy and bloodshed. In other words, it was a spitting reconstruction of Mad Max: Fury Road. 


I was broken out of my reveire as a tinny, annoying voice called from afar. 
"Byeeeeeeeeeeeee u/achickennotsolittle !!!!!" , called Meg.
Ah Meg. Fucking bitch. You dare have the audacity to say goodbye after you fucking betrayed our sisterhood by transferring to  Room 2??! Our friendship was basically over.
But one never knows when they might need contacts. I tried my best to then contort my face into the most painful grimace, pulling up the corners of my lips and crinkling my eyes. 
"Byeeeeeeeeeeeee Meg!!!!!!!!"
Ugh.


I turned my attention to the vast expanse of dirt and children before me. I hated to admit it, but I needed... *friends* .


But hey, go big or go home am I right? I already knew who ruled these grounds. The iron- fisted, cold- hearted, candy- sucking dictator- for- life, three foot tall titan overlord- Amy.


Now the thing you need to know about Amy, is that she was always surrounded by her minions. You know, those giants from the last row. But cowards die a thousand times before their deaths. And u/achickennotsolittle is no wimpy bitch.


I cornered Meg during recess. She was in the kiddie bathrooms, the ones where the have to look at Cinderella smooching Prince Charming while you piss. She always used the stall with Belle and the Beast dry humping, being the sicko she was.


"Amy.", I whispered, as though the matter was of national importance. It wasn't. It was of *universal* importance.


"A-amyyy."


She flushed and emerged, as though amused by my guts.


"Can I sit with you during lunch?"


"What do you have to give me?"


"I get marshmallows for lunch like every other day, so..."



"And?"


My god, she was crazy.


I gulped. "I have a jumbo pack of Crayola."



"See you there! ", she smiled in the most appealing way, as though she hadn't just ripped my heart into shreds. 

...................


To say I was good at kissing ass is a massive understatement. I rose up the hierarchy like a creeper obsessively infatuated with the sun. They say 'ruthless' means 'mean' . They say it means 'sociopathic'. 
I say, that it means knowing what one wants, and doing everything you can to get it, nevermind everything else is what deserves to be called ruthless.


I was ruthless. Still am.


Half a year flew by, I was barely a tier below Amy. I needed to get to the top. And so I formulated my masterplan. My Joker. My checkmate. My " Goodbyeeeeee Mufassssaaaaaaaa".



All it took was a silly keychain. More specifically, a Barbie keychain. 


Let's skip the gory details, shall we?


I was the queen of it all. I owned EVERYTHING. The world lay at my feet, giving me a pedicure.


You'll be pleased to know that it all worked out. I let go of power. I encouraged forming groups based on common interests like liking Pokémon rather than liking watching their common enemies suffer.
Amy grew up to be the most mellow and vanilla person I've ever met. Meg and I stayed friends. 


Yet I'm still the same.