The only person you can blame things on is yourself TLDR got played from March to august because too stupid to see the signs girl didn’t want to be with me

I just need to get my mind off to somebody 
I’ll start by setting this up: 

Me, short, weak, white, introvert who likes computers. Not that good looking.

Her: above average looks, pretty extroverted, hates being indoors.

Other guy: 6’0, buff, who is pretty extroverted.

Me and the girl had known each other for our whole lives normal good friends etc etc. middle school comes around and we don’t talk as much but still talking. I don’t know what she saw but one day she wanted to spend more time with me for whatever reason. Ok, cool. Whatever, covid just started and she’s the only person I’ve seen. She kept on making attempts to be closer which in short caused a “ just friends “ thing. It eventually became pretty darn close for just friends. I’m obvious skimping on details here but they don’t matter. Point is, there was cuddling, there was caring, there was relationship things happening. She would even make food that she wouldn’t eat because of her diet for me.

The first mistake I made is not talking to one of the friends she had. This is the other guy mentioned above. I, had never meeting this guy, not knowing hes somebody she talked to in all of this time hat I had known her was not that shocking. She did have a lot of friends and I thought that this was one of them. I didn’t bother talking to this guy because we are just not the same and I didn’t want to force a friendship just because of the idea this was one of her 30 friends. Had I talked to him, i would’ve found out right away that she was talking to two people, and could have ended the just friends. 

I was always doing the things she wanted to do. Skateboard to the beach? Sure. Go down to watch the sunset? Sure. Want to skateboard to the post office even though the sidewalk is shit? No not really, I’d rather bike there but ok, we can skateboard. Can we do ___? I don’t want to, I want to do my thing. Cmon, I definitely won’t tell your dad that you don’t want to do this. Fine. I was always doing what she wanted to do, not me. I can think of 1 time where she asked me what game I was playing on my desktop (which I built 2 months prior) and tried to understand MY fun. Looking back on this I feel so stupid for always doing what she wanted to do. It wasn’t fair to me, which is why I’d say it was my second mistake.

There then came a night where we were talking as usual and I admit to have feelings, at which point she tells me to quote:
“If you want Lauren, you’re going to have competition.” 

After months of doing this stuff, for her, and the things she had done for me she felt the need to say that. I should have ended things here (again) but she claimed that she just wanted to see how mad it would make me. I told her to fuck off that night and go talk to that other person, and for the following days after, was just a complete ass to her. I’m not going to deny that I did this. That wouldn’t be right 

Once i regained my cool I told her that I want to do more sexual things. She wasn’t super excited about doing them but she agreed in a way that wasn’t forced by me. Very remotely sexual things happened twice before she said that she didn’t want to do this anymore etc. 

This didn’t bother me all that much as what happened next.

A week later she posted that she had a bf, and whadda know it’s that guy.

Never have I felt the gears start to turn in my head so fast that she hadn’t been wanting me, but the other guy the whole time and didn’t both to tell me. But you’re probably missing the information that matters the most: we were just friends and never had a formal relationship. She didn’t have to tell me that she was doing the sam exact thing with the other guy on her dads time because we weren’t actually dating. 

I didn’t cut her off or anything but I kept pretty distant unless I needed to talk to her for something. One of  the last straws was when she asked me to come down to the beach with her to watch the sunset. Usual I’ll tell your dad you said you didn’t want to bs. I make a point to tell her that I’m going back to my moms in 30 minutes and that I want to be back early to get some more stuff ready. Gets down to beach sun is down and I tell her I wanna head back. She refused. Tell her that I really need to get back, she refuses. Tell her I’m just going to leave and she gets up to head back but not before saying that she only had me go do that she wouldn’t get raped.
Gee, I’m even a friend anymore. Okay, I see your game here.

Later that week she tells me she’s coming over because she wants to and I tell her no. Says idc, I’m coming. I told her that if she comes down I will leave my house because you’re not respecting what I’m saying about my boundaries.

The last thing she told me is that she doesn’t like my behavior as if she’s my dad. I responded to that with : ok tbh I’m not going to play this game so whenever you feel better lmk 😃👍🏻

She hasn’t said anything since and neither have I. Never been less stressed in a while. But that’s not the point is I was a complete idiot and missed all the signs that this would happen, and that the only reason for this is because you overlooked them. Nobody to blame but you. 

aahhhh
It’s been ten minutes but I wanna edit: I think the big point here is that she didn’t tell me she had feelings for another guy, and I was pretty fucking nasty to her after she told me I would have competition( why hold onto me if you want to be with another dude). And she’s one of those people where if they’re not with that special person they’re not happy. Come to realize that she wasn’t ever to happy around me because I wasn’t that guy