I bumped into my childhood Bully today. Well, i just wanna take it out my system, so, when I went to what In the US would be middle school, a new girl had entered the school, whom we'll call "Fiona" she was an scandalous girl, but nothing too bad, right?
So, i had two friends from kindergarten and one from the last year of elementary, we weren't exactly best friends, but we were kinda close, the kind of friends that always do the group projects togheter and work well.
One day, we saw Fiona alone, and we felt bad, so i suggested we went to ask her if she wanted to be with us, my friends agreed, so we went, she was really excited about the idea, so she started hanging out with us more often.
But she always was kind of mean to me, but I thought nothing of it, i just said "Maybe she still needs to gain confidence in me too" and shrugged it off.
Then, one day I couldn't go to school since i had the flu, it was really minor so the next day I was able to go, but...Some people from my class were looking weirdly at me.
I was confused, but then i reached my friends, and they gave me an annoyed look, i asked what was wrong, and they said "Fiona told us you made her get the flu" and i was confused, but still apologized and promised I would apologize to her as soon as she came back, the next three days i actually felt better, my friend group felt more calm without her, but still felt something missing after two months of hanging with her.
Then on Monday we had a small play performed by teachers about recycling, and i was on the last rows although I was one of the smallest of i dare say the whole class, being only 150 centimeters tall.

Then, Fiona faked falling to the floor, and cried "OP THREW ME TO THE FLOOR" And i was like "No! I didn't!" Some teachers came around, gave me a small warning, but then left me alone.
Then, after the show, i wanted to go with my friends, but I found Fiona crying with them, one said "It was not nice of you doing that" and didn't let me sit with them at lunch.
I thought it would be back to normal after a few days, but I was wrong, turns out Fiona started spreading rumours, she went with me to roller skating group, and i was skating kinda close to her, then, she fell to the floor, and started crying, the teacher confirmed it was not my fault, and everything continued as usual, but the next day, everyone started calling me a bully, turns out Fiona broke her wrist when she fell, and told everyone i had pushed her.
Accusations of other things continued during those years, i was left alone, nobody wanted to speak with me, i was looked down at, insulted, nobody wanted me in their group projects, and even Fiona started pushing me and cutting clips of my hair if i happened to sit in front of her.
The teachers did NOTHING.

Until, for high school, she changed schools following one of my former friends, that was the last i heard of her, and i was kinda able to clear my name, i was still alone, but at least I was just a wallflower now and not simply an outcast.

But today I was shopping for groceries, when I bumped into someone, i watched to apologise and saw her, Fiona.

I just muttered "Sorry" and left running to another aisle.

Honestly, i was shocked, in a bad way, i didn't really need to remember all that, i just shopped for everything I needed and left the store as quickly as I could.