I'm turning 20 in 2 weeks and feel like I haven't accomplished anything I don't even know if I'm doing this right, I just usually leark and read reddit, but I'm using my alternative account to discuss things about my life.

I have gone through a lot of things that have impacted my life, I've been bullied and harassed a lot for various things such as my appearance, looks, attitude and intelligence. It has made me extremely anxious and depressed about my outlook in life. I feel like I'm never good enough for anyone and that I'm always going to be alone in my life, I'm ugly and I'm useless. 

I really struggled a lot last year in my final year of high school(I had to repeat a year due to my brother being sick with a form of a terrible cancer). I was bullied pretty much everyday, I only had 2 friends and was kicked out of a group because a girl hated me for not going out with her, even though I made my intentions clear about how I wanted to focus on school. I was depressed everyday while I was there, I was also constantly harrased by teachers who didn't care and treated me like my mental health didn't matter. This all came ahead when I tried to take my life during my final year of high school towards the end

I pressed on through the year, with a stoic face because I couldn't bear showing my emotions cause if I didn't I would break down. I enjoyed art a lot, specifically photography. So this was the subject I wanted to do at university. I worked hard and got into the course I wanted too and I was happy, but still doubtful in my life, especially feeling like I still didn't accomplish anything and that my life is just fake and not worth it  

So I started uni this year, it was all good till covid hit, I only went to uni for 2 weeks and meet people. Things seem fine, but I was doubtful of my life, remembering my past, how it tainted my perception of what I am, how I am and doubtful of my talents of being a photographer.

With covid still continuing I've been stuck in my house for 8 months, my PTSD and depression of my past has really amplified, I can't get a lot of things outta my head, I'm being tormented in my sleep and just at my end, I feel like I am nothing, I am a disaster, I am nothing in this life and I really don't know what to do, I feel so alone. I'm nearly 20 and feel like I'm just worthless and that my life is always going to be pain and misery.

I'm sorry, I just don't know what to do any more.