[Rant] i feel lost and starting to spiral into a constant loop of overthinking. In a mouth i will be doing my IGCSE which is basically the first step to a HS diploma. My dad has been calling me almost every day (we live in separate countries) and he has been placing alot of pressure on me to choose what i want to be when i grow up. He's been calling me Dr(insert real name) through out our conversation which i think is his way of trying to tell me that he wants me to become a doctor. 

I am deathly scared of blood. He said that i don't have to be a doctor but i have to study upto pHd level like him. The other day he said that he wanted me and my sister to take over his consulting business. Now im wondering if he is suggesting that i follow in his footsteps and major in the same thing he did. 

Im tierd of having this pressure on me. Im trying to balance my decision between a career that will make him proud but also one that im truly intrested in. 

He offered to pay for uni up until masters level (Which i am greatly grateful for and extremely lackey) but im just scared that ill make the wrong decision and have to face the consequences for the rest of my life. 

The last three days ive been watching people like Dr. Mike to try and get my head around being a doctor and after the hundredth day in a life of a doctor video; i broke down. 

I really want to be an art teacher and my dad is likely to deny supporting me due to the fact that its not a "manly profession" among other prerequisites such as that my career has to be in something involved with science for me to gain his support. 

The reason i feel lost is becouse there's a thought at the back of my head that says what if i will be throwing away a really really big opportunity that my dads financial support can provide. 

Im extremely lucky that my dad has the means to pay for my schooling. I feel like i'll be making a stupid decision by turning down his support. 

Im not sure what to do. Im completely aware that this is a 1st world problem and this is just me just being a spoiled brat. I can't emphasis enough how lucky i am, where im originally from most graduates end up working at a restaurant as  waiters becouse the economy is soo bad.