My dad just physically abused me. What should I do? Ok guys, this is a long one, so please bear with me. I am really seeking some helpful information, so it would be great if you could stick through till the end.

It all started when I was lying on my bed, tired after I just finished a long science project. Since I'd sat inside all day, my mum wanted me to go out for a walk. I refused. My mum kept trying to wake me up, nudging me and eventually trying me lift me up off bed. My bed was facing the other side, so I couldn't actually see my mum. I sleepily shook my elbow to try and get her hands off me, but ACCIDENTALLY (notice the emphasis on the word 'accidentally') elbowed her in the nose. She let out a little exclamation but it was nothing serious.

I try to get up and apologise, but, next thing I know, my dad's on top me, pinning me to the bed. I was quite groggy, but nevertheless, sound quite calm when I told my father to take his hands off me. He flat-out said no, asking me why I hit mum. I tried to tell him it was an accident, but kindly told him to take his hands off me first so we could have a proper discussion. Again, he refused (by the way, he's gotten physical with me in the past, and this time I had had enough). I told him multiple more times to take his hand off me, and after even more refusals from his end, I snapped. I started screaming "HELP ME! AAAAAAARGH!" and tried to wrestle out of his control. I finally broke free and bolted to the corridor, screaming my lungs out. He followed. - quick little side note: he's my stepdad. not my biological father.

The next few scenes were a bit of a blur. He started physically abusing me, hitting me, and I used my self defence. My mum came out, confused as hell. She starting screaming for dad to stop, and dad pushed her aside. He kept trying to get hold of me, but I kept escaping. Finally, he started just hitting me hard. Although he's weak, I didn't want to hit him back and make the situation even worse. So I simply fell to the floor, tears streaming down my facing, calling for help. I said I would call the police. My mum spread her arms over my body, trying to protect me, but my dad shoved her aside and just didn't let go of me. That was when things got serious. He starting shouting like mad, calling me names and threatening me with some very dark exclamations. He was absolutely furious; I can't even think of a word to describe how angry he was. 

He kept trying to get to me as well as shouting at the top of his voice (verbal abuse). Finally, he let go (I guess he got tired; he isn't that fit). He said that neither he nor my mum would talk to me unless I wrote them both a "written" apology. He said I could't go anywhere except for school (btw, I play tennis, guitar, and meet with friends sometimes). He continued with the threatening remarks; one of them I can remember is that if I ever tried to defend myself again, "he'd bash me to a pulp my tennis racquet". It was actually a very traumatising experience.

Now, my fellow teens, I ask you this: what next? Do I call the police? One thing I forgot to mention was that when I told him that I would call the police, he wanted me to. He waved the phone in my face, telling me to dial 000 (the Australian police number). Why did he do that? I know that even if I call the police, they won't do anything. Unfortunately, I have zero evidence whatsoever. The only witnesses are my family members, who don't really count in the case of a legal situation. And to top it all off, my dad is a very good liar. Should I just call the kid's helpline instead? Or...? Does anyone have any solutions whatsoever? Why is my dad even like this???? Please answer, I'm really quite emotionally scarred.

And to all the legends who read till the end, thank you. Help a brother out, won't you?