I don't know what to do I cannot stand it anymore.

I really wish I was normal.

Everyone who knows envies me.

But they don't know that I envy them.

When I got my first test at age six, all my relatives and friends were overjoyed to have someone in the family with such a gift from God. What then call it "gift from God" is a blasphemy. Because in the long run it becomes a disease. Indeed, it always has been. Everyone considers those like me to be very lucky, but in reality you are only destined to become a social outcast and a bad one in school. Let's take today's oral test as an example. I had been preparing for two weeks and I knew everything very well, I was ready, I repeated everything in my head with the book closed and I knew the stuff. As soon as I enter the lesson, the teacher tells me to present the screen. I present it and I start writing the first sentence.

TOTAL. VACUUM.

Same thing for the other questions, I only said one well.

Anxiety has always fooled me. I study and then I do silent scene. In fact, if the professors wonder why I do so well in the written tests, it is because that thief of the anxiety does not show up there and I am calmer. At the end he gives me 4 and a half. I was about to cry. But not so much for the grade, but for the fact that everyone has thought that I am just a lazy girl who does not study and because my parents will destroy me. They always expect votes above eight and risk being punished for a seven and a half. I understand that you want a lot from me because I'm smart, but I'm already giving my all and then if that bastard called anxiety comes up at the wrong time I can't help it. Also I often want to die. Not only because of this, but also because of my social contacts. I see friends less and less and many are also fake. I'm afraid that some of them are saying something bad about me around (like when I came out telling 2 people that I was bisexual but I was more lesbian than straight, and a week later the whole school knew that), in fact I often see them talking in a low voice - even in the canteen - and they change the argument as soon as I get close. 

And nothing, this is the end. Thanks to everyone who has bothered to read this papyrus.

PS: If I find that someone has put my post on community like r/iamverysmart, I swear I will destroy him/her, because I am seriously looking for help and maybe someone here knows how to get out of this situation.

(Sorry for my English, it's not my native language)