Today's my Birthday (16th) So today is my birthday. I am generally a person who doesn't forget stuff easy and I never forget someones birthday. I have a large friend group and I know all their birthdays by heart.  I know wishing a happy birthday to someone might make their day. Today I woke up and I got 1 text. It was from my ex girlfriend (it's complicated, we both got mental issues and decided to not be together, considering I'm doing a year abroad soon). She wished me a happy birthday. I was happy but sad at the same time. I always make a big deal out of my friends' birthdays. I make them gifts, I go outside at 12am (my wifi shuts off and where I am you don't get cell reception) to wish them a happy birthday right when their bday begins. I even helped to get a fairly large streamer to help my best friend, to work on a present for his girlfriend, which wasn't easy believe me. I get that some people might forget but I was pretty surprised when I talked to one of my very good friends today, to whom I've talked to every day for the past weeks bc of school, and he didn't remember. Eventhough I talked about it yesterday while my sis was in the room and asked me about my cake. Idk I just feel like people forget abt me sometimes, because I always put on a happy face but when I actually show my constant negative emotions and depression they suddenly care about me for a short time but then don't anymore. IDK what I expected from this post, I don't want you to wish me a happy birthday bc you feel bad. I just wanted to let this out. 

On a happier note: I went to school today to get a signature from a teacher and met my history teacher on the way in. He's very nice. He has around 120 students and it's not like we're best buddies, but he remembered my birthday. He wished me a happy birthday and I was so surprised and thankful. I just thought it was very cute. But it also made me realise how he remembered but out of my 6 best friends in my phone or rather 6 people I extremely care about, only 1 sent me a text.