A Creepypasta story I wrote, read it if you want.  

This morning I woke up, just like every other morning. The time was 5:30 am and everyone was still asleep, so the whole house was still dark and empty. I started my normal morning routine and went to the shower. I stood there for around 5 minutes till I started to get a weird feeling in my body. It is hard to explain how it felt exactly, but everything felt very unreal and suddenly I violently woke up on my bed. I was breathing heavily and was laughing how realistic the dream was. I did the same thing that I did in my dream, so I got to the shower. I was thinking about the dream and I was surprised of how realistic it felt. As I was showering, I once again started to feel weird and I slowly got more and more dizzy, till I again woke up violently in my room. At this point, I was getting really creeped out and anxiety started to hit hard. I started to feel paranoid.

I did it all again and I woke up in my bed again. I went to my parents room to wake them up, but it was empty and so was my brothers room. I was really terrified, because I searched the whole house and found no one. I had woken up everytime I went to the shower, so I avoided it, but around 10 minutes in, it happened again and I was once again in my bed. This time I started to hear sounds in the house. First footsteps, doors moving a bit and glasses moving in the kitchen, but it developed into small voices, which I think is all in my head. I got a good idea. Open the door and get out. It didn't open and the windows were locked too. I got a climbse of the big mirror in the entrance and I noticed something. I looked closer and I realized that my reflection was standing the other way and wasn't moving, when I was. Suddenly my reflection started to stab itself in the chest, while a screaming noise echoed in the house. I woke up again and this was the last time I woke up. I have got about a minute till I will wake up again. This time, when I got from my bed, someone grapped my angle and I almost fell, because I was so shaken by it. Nothing was there though. I locked myself in the restroom and I don't know what to do. Am I stuck forever? Am I in hell? I have about 20 seconds till I will wake up again.