Why do school be like this (This is a rant/question so like it’s gonna be long so I’m sorry) 

So I got a truancy letter from my school for the second time this year.  Now my school has three different options for schooling because of Covid. Option number one you can go in person, option number two you can do homeschool, or option number three you can have all of your assignments online and you can sit at home and do them. Now for me I try to show up to school in person like once a week and then I do work online like every day or every other day usually every other day. But for like the past week or so maybe two weeks I’ve been doing it like every day except for one day last week.
So like I get my truancy letter in there like you need to like go to truancy court now because you’re a bad kid LMAO. But here’s the thing about that At the beginning of the year they were like OK just do 50% of your work every day and will count you as attended like you don’t have to show up in person to be attending school remember this. But here’s the thing about that my teachers assign everything on Monday and they’re just like get it done by Friday they’re not like OK here’s Monday’s work here’s Tuesdays work here’s Wednesday’s work you get my drift it’s just like yeah here’s the work for the whole week so like how do I know what is 50% of Monday’s work for example. Like for me 50% of a days work would be like 10 assignments and I didn’t do school for like two weeks so usually thats make up work for me. So like if the teachers are assigning the work per week instead of per day but the rule is do 50% of your work a day even though there isn’t work assigned for a specific day just for a specific week how the hell am I supposed to know what is 50% of that day.  
So the school realized this was an issue. So a few days ago like around the beginning of the week they call my parents and everybody else’s parents and they’re like hey listen there’s a lot of students that don’t know how to do their fucking work so we’re going to be sending out truancy meeting letters like most the damn students in the school don’t know how to do their fucking work and also we’re going to make the rule that you have to just be logged in online at 7:55 AM to be counted as attending now. So you know I get up at 5 AM every morning I do like 10 assignments but I make sure I’m online until like 8:30 AM so you know I’m still logged in at 7:55 AM and on top of that I’ve done all of my assignments for the whole day or at least enough assignments for a whole day within like two hours.
So like why does it matter if I’m online all day like I’m not gonna open my damn computer and stay on that website all day and drain my battery when I’ve literally done all the work in two hours and it’s just a waste of time to keep my computer on like I’m not gonna stay logged in for 8 hours When I can get the work done in two hours or at least a good amount of assignments done in two hours. Well anyways for the past two weeks I’ve been really productive like staying on top of it I brought my grades from 20s to 50s I know those aren’t good grades but that’s a hell lot of progress. 
Another thing is I don’t know how to fucking learn without a teacher visually showing me and even when we go in person and the teachers don’t teach they just say OK pull out your laptop if you think you need help then ask for help but thing is even when I’m getting everything wrong I still don’t think I need help because I think I’m like awesome or whatever. So like I just don’t know how to learn this stuff so I’m making bad grades on almost everything I do. So when they sent the letter in the mail today my mom was like well you must be lying to us about logging in and such and I’m not I’m really not so then I was like well mother no I’m not and I explain to her the new rules about logging in every day and such and then she was like well maybe they’re just like saying you’re not attending because all your grades are such shit.
And I was like yeah maybe that makes sense oh wait last year there were a shit ton of kids failing every damn class and they weren’t doing truancy meetings then so why the fuck does it matter now. Like my whole thing about this is even when I was attending school last year I didn’t do any work most of the week and then I would get all of my weeks work done within like one day even when Covid hit and we were doing our stuff online and no one had a problem with it then so why is it a problem now.
Like my whole argument with this is why the fuck does it matter as long as I’m getting the work done within a reasonable amount of time like why the hell does it matter if I get on at 7:55 AM like why can’t I just do it at 6 PM like I would if I had homework. Another thing about that is they’re like well you just have to be logged on and get all your work done by 2 PM OK that’s fine but when I was going to school in person if we had classwork and we didn’t get it done they were just like OK do it for homework. 
So let’s say I sleep all day or I’m just really fucking busy and I can’t login till like 6 PM so then I’m like oh shit I have a bunch of classwork to do just like I would if I was doing stuff in person at school and I didn’t get my classwork done so if I’m doing my work after school why wouldn’t they just count it as homework.
Also for all of the comments I’m about to get for slacking off or whatever I should probably mention that I’ve been heavily bullied at school and therefore I feel miserable every time I go there so if I had the option to not go to school and still be counted as attending and still do work without feeling like shit why wouldn’t I take that option. Also this is unrelated but I feel like the reason at least for me as to why bullying goes unreported in schools is because the teachers ignore it like for me I was always being bullied by the athletes about the teachers didn’t want to have their star quarterback having a disciplinary issues so they never reported it they just acted like it wasn’t happening or they even encouraged it actually in some cases and they were like yeah ha ha that girl stupid let’s all make fun of her. Anyways this is my little rant obviously this is pissing me off because like I’ve been doing my work lately so why am I getting a truancy meeting like why should it matter when I login as long as I get the damn work done it didn’t matter last year when I was only doing my work two days a week why does it matter now? I should also mention attending school in person does not really affect what I turn in considering in every class I get like five assignments for that class done within like 30 minutes and then I just spend the rest of the time sleeping like I would if I was at home so attending school literally isn’t affecting anything for me grade wise at least not positively.