Fuck man, idek Hey guys, my name is ----- (but you can call me badger) and im a 19 year old Canadian (No I dont live in an igloo). It is currently 2:47 am and in a grand total of 12 hours I will be moved into a newly built apartment with my best friend. I don't know why I'm writing this, probably just to clear my head/tell someone what's going on in my head without directly telling them. If you dont want to read this you dont have to, no one is forcing you lol. This shit is all over the place, sorry about that.

Honestly I should be excited about the next step in my life. It's time to spread your wings, or whatever they say. I've got everything a 19 year old could ask for, loving parents, good friends, a job and a car. But for the last few years I've been spiraling further and further down the abyss. Waking up is a task for me, I hate going to sleep because in my eyes that is accepting defeat of this day and the next is doomed to repeat the last. A few months back I got medically diagnosed as severely depressed, yet nothing has happened to change that. I try and hold my shit together with comedy and that's what I've been doing for the past 3 or so years to make myself feel good. I rarely find pleasure in any anymore, I do what the books say and put on a smile and fake it till you make it. That works most of the time but there is still the underlying feeling of hollowness. To get my brain to make me feel good I've taken up multiple hobbies that i enjoy, (warhammer 40k, dnd), but the main thing that's made me happy is seeing other people happy because of something I've done. So cracking bomb ass jokes times perfectly has been my go to. But that can't fix the fact of me constantly feeling like I am sub human, worthless and constantly second guessing myself. Because I joke all the time no one takes my seriously.  I told my mom that I got the results back from my mental health test and out of a score of 100 being the best and 50 being average, you'll never guess what I got. Fucking 3. I scored a 3 out of a total of 100 on a god damn mental health thing from my therapist. My mom didn't believe me when I told her I was depressed and even after she saw the test and was explain to by the therapist that I was at a high risk of depression, she was still skeptical. "How could you be depressed, you always look so happy." My mom owns her own business, but its failing, and my dad is a prison guard. In the 19 fucking years I've been alive I have very very few memories of my dad because he is always at work or sleeping or playing online poker. He was hit and injured in a car accident just before I was born, we have the money and opportunitys to get my dad the surgery's required to make him 100% again but because the fact he is now obese and refuses to lose weight is not able to. I ve never really had long talks with my dad, whenever we are on long drives with him it always feels like I got paired with someone in a class project that I kinda know but not really, so conversation is really limited. I hear hes a really interesting person from the story's I hear about him tho lol. My mom has always wanted the best for me but I always seem to fall short of her goals. Because I'm the oldest of me and my siblings I am the "test child" and because of this I am emotionally ruined (I cried for the first time today in over a year), and I have tust issues. She wants me to work where my dad works and has been telling me that I should do something law enforcement related all my life. I humor that idea because every time I say I dont want to, she asks what i was going to do instead and I'm always got with why any of those ideas are good choices and how I would make a great cop.i graduated from high school in 2019 and if done 2 classes at university for criminology 100 to get a degree to be what I refuse to be. And I've failed it both times. She wants me to be my dad, but I hate him and I dont ever want to be what he is. He as no life outside of work, hes a stranger to me who shares blood. I've never been good in school, I'm pretty sure I only graduated because the teachers didnt want me anymore. And that's fair lol. But Iv constant let me and my mom down regarding my grades. I was in French immersion for 3 years (grade 6-9) and that solidified my hatred for school and public learning. I'm a pretty big guy and I have played football for the greater part of 10 years. I enjoy it some times but the other times I wish I didnt exist. But it's gotten me through hard times with the family I make as a team. I've only had 2 girlfriends, the first one I really enjoyed but it was cut short for some bs reason and that broke me and that still has hurt me ever since, it's been over 2 years since the break up. The other one was 3 months of soul draining depression just for it to end with me finding out she's been cheating on me since the beginning. I found out on feburary 15th btw. So it's safe to say any form of emotion a person should have has been safely locked away deep deep down never to see the light of day. It deal with the stress of life and my problems I'm now addicted to nicotine (vaping). I have almost taken my life 2 times in the past 2 years but I reason with my self out if it. I have come to the conclusion that life will end naturally and that I should enjoy it and not end it. So as much as i would feel like i HAVE to end it i will never do that.

Today while i was going through all my stuff i did a lot of self reflection and holy shit yeah, my brain is fucked lol. I found some developed photos of me and my first gf and some friends from 3 years ago and, I would give anything to go back and relive those 3 days. Seeing all my stuff sitting in boxes really makes you realise the fact that nothing makes sense and your are just trying to keep up with everything. One friend got sucked back into a relationship with his crazy ex so I wont be seeing him, another friend is probably going to join the army so wont be seeing him, and another friend will be moving out into the woods and live off the land so wont be seeing him. I've tried to date again but everytime I fuck it up. All I want to someone there for me. Not a guy. A female that will take me seriously when I nee to be taken seriously, someone I cant truly trust with my emotions and feelings someone I can hold and be told every will workout. I have always been the rock, the ear to listen to a rant, a shoulder to cry on, and a source of advice, but there is only so much talking to yourself you can do before it gets repetitive. Because of these and a few more reasons I have hard times smiling. But, I have everything, I shouldn't be sad others have worse situations, there is no reason why I should be sad all the time. And that's just makes me sadder. 

Nothing on the inside, nothing on the outside 

In conclusion/ tldr 
The big sad fucking sucks bum