I need advice....well, I have a crush...but I almost never talk to her... I'm 15-M if you need context. 

So....I have a crush on a girl. that much was obvious. She's in my year at school, but we don't talk. I've only had about 3 conversations with her in my life and they weren't meaningful. But I like her a lot and I think she's sexy as hell. I really want to get to know her, I've had a suspicion that I was crushing on her for one or two years, but of course so far in the back of my mind that I would pretty much forget it unless I saw her around or something from afar. 

But today, at hockey, we were put in the same team and, as defenders, we spent a few spaces between bursts of action talking about stuff. I was slightly self-conscious but I just tried to act normal and not, you know, make her think I'm weird. Something about the experience triggered the crush to go to 1000% and now I can't stop thinking about her. I spent literally the whole evening distracted from my homework. And no, before you ask, I do not feel horny, just daydreaming but not sexually. I just want to get closer two her, but right now I have nothing to do with her, nothing in common as an excuse for spending time together....I literally have no clue how we can become friends. Like, I can't just ask her if she'd like to spend half an hour after school talking to me. It's so random that I'd even be talking to her unless I had to under most circumstances. 

The issue is that she is on the fringes of popularity whilst I am introverted and definitely not popular. Not nerdy either, but still, I feel as if she may not even want to be my friend. She's nice though, so I doubt this, but I am still in fear of rejection anyway. She may already have a boyfriend. I dunno, I haven't exactly been talking to her to find out, have I? She probably does, she's way out of my league. But I feel empty without trying but I'll feel painfully awkward if I do make a move.... I really don't know; all I do know is that she's the most spectacular person I've met.

I want help, please. I....what do I do? She has the most beautiful face, such a nice smile, her laugh is hot, she's got that perfect balance of cute enthusiasm and optimism with sarcasm and sassiness. She's almost as tall as me, she's got such pretty eyes and hair, her lips....her everything makes me fall head over heels. And I'm usually cool, calm, I don't care about what others think about me, I don't lose composure or fall head over heels in the first place. But now I've found myself here. What do I do....?

Tl;Dr: I have a crush and I'd like some advice on how to get closer to her in a non-awkward way because currently I do not interact with her very often at all and I want to improve that.