It's 2:40am, and I'm laying in bed with my girlfriend thinking about how quickly shit turned around for me. Go back to the start of 2018. I just lost my dad to a cardiac arrest whilst trying to figure out what I wanted to do with my future, and while struggling with depression. After my dad passed away I picked up a small drinking problem and lost a lot of friends because of it, it changed who I was.
I became a shit person. Rude to my mum, to my siblings, didn't bother with school in an important year for me (GCSE's coming up) and I mixed with bad people.

I only passed three things and had to start college from the very bottom group, which meant I'd lose more mates bc we didn't talk as much due to different schedules and such. Meeting new people was a drag and I didn't really put effort in.

In August I lost my job at a restaurant as a result of me putting in low effort, my mental health was so bad and all things considered, I really was on the brink you know? I know people will be like, oh you were a kid or whatever, but to lose so much in under a year tore me to pieces.

I barely passed the first year of the course and was almost not accepted to go on a second year due to how hopeless I seemed. I still didn't have a new job all summer, did basically nothing. I knew that I had to change and so I finally got to work on putting down the drink. Cut toxic people out of my life. 

Fast forward to August last year where I started second year. I made friends almost immediately and my work gets better, my social life is back on track. I'm getting happier.
October comes around and on Halloween, I meet one of my sisters friends. We spoke for a while but that was about it.
Two weeks later I get her snap, we talk a little more and suddenly we've been together for just over a year and I'm so fucking happy despite some struggles that I still face. 

I don't want to sound boring and cliche but I promise, anyone who thinks it doesn't get better? I swear that it does.

And to anyone feeling that low.. I love you. I'm proud of you. Just hold on for me, you'll be okay.