I dont know what to do anymore Hi guys. I just don't know what to do anymore. I was in a slightly serious relationship with a girl who kinda just ignored me. I did care about her though. After a big thing happened in my life, I had to go to the hospital which sucked because corona just started and everything was wack. It was a really hard time for me because I had to deal with a entirely new and scary medical condition. When I left the hospital after a few days, she said she might break up with me in the next few days. She could never say no to people or really anything so that was her way of saying it. Although I eventually ended it with her because I could not handle the tension, she really broke up with me. That was around 6 months ago and still feels like yesterday. Now I am a freshman in highschool and I really miss being in a relationship. I've since thinned out and im not the heaviest kid in the world, I have a flat stomach, but I'm not the skinniest. I miss having someone who isn't a parent to just be with you no matter what, and have someone to talk to. My main friend would rather play video games online than hang out in person, not because of covid just because he is lazy, and that sucks. I play no sports, and usually just wind up doing nothing all day. I know I have a future. I am very smart and have the work ethic and will to be big in the world. I know I can get there if I try, but without someone by my side, each day is getting more and more difficult. You can't even talk to friends in school or make new friends because masks just divide everyone. Im not against masks, but I think we can all agree that it is much harder to approach someone when wearing a mask rather than not. I text girls, but it goes no where, or they just never text back. I'm a really nice guy, and for some reason girls have decided to make it a trend and cool to not date the "nice guy" which makes no sense and really sucks. I got bullied alot over the summer because of my political opinion, which isn't right, and made it harder for me to show my face in school again. I'm really sorry about this half baked, scattered paragraph, but I just needed to tell people what I'm going through because either need feedback from people tho are unbiased and not a parent. If you are interested in getting to know me just DM me. But if not and you still want to help out, comment on the post and give me some advice that helped you guys, thanks!