I don't know if I should rant here or not but fuck it Good evening to anyone who's just recently just been fed up with life.   
Before I start I just wanted to tell everyone *I'**m not Political* but some of my family is and it's annoying and sad to see a rift caused between members due to their political standing.    


Well, where to start? Last year was pretty shitty considering a majority of us had to stay inside (Or didn't care and said fuck it) but I'm writing this today to express some emotions I had bottled up for the past say...I think since March or May of last year.   


But anyways to why were all here-   
I'm fucking tired of politics. Like, One one side you have a bunch of bumbling SJW dick heads who think they know how a black person feels because they're great uncle sister on their mom's side has a black friend and they think they're oppressed like their in fucking slavery and on the other hand you have trump supporting circle jerks who think the president is their "Daddy UwU" Like bro I'm tired of seeing these two fightings. I'm tired of reading the news and one side is only getting flacked for what they believed in.   
I can't lie when I say I agree with republicans storming the capital hill. American's like those crazy mother fuckers taken a lot of shit from being fucked over and overall 2020 because their private business couldn't stay alive during this bullshit of a quarantine. I don't condone it but no one seems to know if they didn't do it for trump they could have avoided legal action and possibly an Epstine like death in the future.   


I don't like how people are behaving now too. Everyone's too much of a follower because they want to be famous.   
people don't do what they love anymore unless they really stick with it.   
Some girls got no loyalty anymore  
It's harder to date for me now even though I'm not that bad looking.   
Most of the chicks in my dating pool got dicks   
I begin to realize how unobtainable my old 90's shitboxes' are (The big 3 jdm cars)  
Everything is over-politicized to have people up in arms against their brothers and sisters  
Politicians are not for the people anymore  
Creativity is dead in anything American made.   
I'm too early to explore space and too young to experience the prime of car culture.   


I don't think I can continue anymore. Don't even think I can call this a rant since it doesn't feel like I was angry typing this in lol.  But I feel better somewhat : )