I finally got to spend an entire night cuddling my girlfriend. I’m so happy (I’m 17, she’s 17)

This happened yesterday. My girlfriend and I had been planning to spend a night together because it was meant to be a friend’s birthday party yesterday. Of course with Boris’ new rule of 6 the party got cancelled but we had already planned out what we were gonna do afterwards so we decided to stick with me staying the night at hers. 

Yesterday arrives and I’m an anxious fuck, I’ve got the usual upset stomach and pretty awful thoughts to go alongside it and one of them is “She doesn’t want me to stay the night”, following the advice from my counsellor I challenge those thoughts and I end up biting the bullet and sending her a message asking if she did want me to stay the night, of course she did and I was just being a silly donkey. Fast forward a couple hours, I’ve packed my bag with everything I’ll need and am pretty much ready to go over. I was ready a few hours before I was meant to be headed over. 

I get there and we do the usual hug as soon as she opens the door, this hug was different because we’d both had extremely stressful week. I was off ill and she was falling behind on school work, never the less we both powered through to the weekend. We go up to her room and lie down on her bed, my arm wrapped her waist and her head on my chest. I had arrived at 4 and we weren’t really sure what to do to kill time so we cuddled for most of the next 2 hours, had some deep chats which I always appreciate because I find it hard to speak out about how I really am, I brush people’s questions off instead of really facing reality. At one point we ended up chatting about my best friend who recently came out as bi, I’m super mega proud of him and I know he’s got a really supportive friendship group surrounding him because he’s got myself (bi), my girlfriend (who’s accepted that I’m bi and knows it won’t change a thing about how I feel for her) and loads of other friends who are all super caring and supportive. I ended up crying a little because I’ve not been able to properly open up to anyone for quite a while and had felt really shit and guilty for being off school. 

Eventually 5:30 rolls around and we both get hungry, the plan was to order pizza and eat it at hers but we made a slight alteration. Her little brother (11/12) came with us, had a pizza of his own and we went to the local marina. We got back from the little dinner date (which thankfully didn’t end up with us sat outside her house with pizzas because somebody forgot the key, thanks little bro) and went up to her room. We cuddled more, I teased her a little bit but couldn’t do too much with her being on her period and started watching Baby Driver (fantastic film mind you). Eventually she gets tired and decides she wants to sleep so that’s what we do. We tuck ourself in, cuddle up to each other and I wrap my arm around her waist. I had been waiting for this moment for 3 and a half years and it was finally happening. We were finally cuddling each other at night for the entire night.

The main reason I actually wrapped my arm around her waist was to provide comfort but also because I know she struggles with sleeping sometimes and I wanted to be there for her if she did wake up. She does wake up several times throughout the night and each time I jerk awake from my slumber, give her kisses on her neck and hold her close. She falls asleep pretty quickly. At around 12:30am she wakes up, she sits up and is really hot and bothered. She goes and gets herself a damp flannel and starts trying to cool herself down. Eventually she curls up in bed with me sat at the foot of her bed facing her door and her to my right. She reaches out and grabs my hand, squeezes it so I squeeze hers back and whisper I love you. I don’t know if she heard me, she didn’t respond but I like to think she did. After a couple more minutes she’s tossing and turning and eventually ends up settling her head on my thigh, curled up in a really tight ball with me gently stroking her leg. She falls asleep for the next hour and comes around at about 1:40am. By this point I should be knackered and I am but it’s not stopped me before when I was awake for 41 hours at an event with her even whilst she slept I was awake. I curl up next to her and once again wrap my arm around her. This is where it all gets a bit weird.

At probably 2:20-2:30am she shuffled away from me, I thought she must’ve been hot so didn’t follow but left her be. Suddenly she shot back across the bed pinning me agains the wall with all her body weight for a few seconds then relaxed and shuffled off again. This was super odd. She also threw a teddy at my head when rolling over at about 4am which I didn’t mind too much because I was already awake. We wake up at about 6:30am and have a little cuddle and chat. I get up to go to the toilet and when I come back she’s laying where I was. I get back into bed with her, cuddle up to her and at about 7:30 she reaches across to turn her fan off then falls asleep again laying on top of me. I fall asleep not long after that and wake up around 8:30ish. She wasn’t laying on me anymore but instead had rolled off and was looking at me, I turned my head to try and find her, spotted her to my left and went in for another cuddle. I muttered “I really wish I could’ve kissed you on the lips” as I pull awake, she looks me in the eyes and we kiss on the lips for the first time in well 6 months. It was amazing, all those film scenes you’ve seen it was just like that. It was amazing and so pure and I loved it so much. 

And that is how the night finished, even though we didn’t have sex like I had hoped for I didn’t care about it in the end. I was more interested in spending time with her than in her. I know she does want to have some fun again because we had only just started to become sexually active when rona hit. 

This has been a long read so if you’ve made it all the way through I want to say thank you to you. I love you all, take care
-Milf