I am in a cold war with my Dad &amp;#x200B;

Plz read I spent a lot of tim on this and its interesting + ways to counter windows screen time and windows parental bans :D

&amp;#x200B;

Context:  This started at March 2020

It all started when my Dad thought it would be a brilliant idea to ban steam off me (P.S . I didnt do anything bad, I got off the pc when he told me to and nvr rlly argued back) as you can imagine I was pretty pissed off about this because he didnt give me any warning and didnt tell me. 2 monhs went with me asking for it back and him refusing , "The xbox is all you need". (Keep in mind that I bought a lot of games on steam and had a lot of money invested in that acc, the games werent anything over PEGI 16,).

&amp;#x200B;

He then added a 1hr screen time limit on my ig and said I would have to trade screen time gaming hours for social media hours. I was outraged because ig is the only way I can speak to my freinds but didnt argue back as debating with my dad proved worthless.

Fast forward a few months and I find out a way to counter dads steam ban, I rename the files so that micrsoft ban doesnt affect it. Im glad for 2 reasons; 1. I have my games back and 2. It is practically impossible for him to counter-ban this.I made sure I deleted only the vouls so Steam turned into Stem and if you are scanning thissll be very hard to notice unless you look for it.

I also find out his password but don't use it as that'll give him a reason to take away my stuff. I also find a way to change the time to trick the screen to thinking it is a new day and giving m one more hour on screen time. Things are going very well for me as I pretty much countered all of my Dads bans what could possibly go wrong?

Things go VERY WRONG my dad changed his password, placed a ban so that I can't change the Date and time so I have 1 hr on ig AND DISCORD NOW. He bans valorant off me and I can't change the name too valorant bc valorants anti-cheat I think.

I figure out a way to counter ALL of dads screen time on the pc. I make my sibling admin and take admin privileges away from myself. So that when it comes up with the "You cant do this " screen thingy I can click "my parent is here" and it comes up with all the admins on the pc and I can use my siblings password to sign in. Of course this wouldnt work before because I was already admin.

And now we are here today trading bans and counters. When will the pain stop?

IT STOPS IN A FEW MONTHS BABY.

My dad offered my a new Iphone if I get good grades by the end of the year and bc I'm tactically superior I say that if He gets me a nintendo switch then ill delete my acc from the pc.

I want you to know that throughout this (from March 2020 to now) my dad and I have not acted like enemies we acted like normal father and son, like a cold war.

&amp;#x200B;

Thx for reading :D