‘boys will be boys’ so i have an older brother, and i’m going to use him as an example for this post.

sure, everyone does good and bad things, but my brother just does so many rude things.

first off, he’s violent. i will smile at him and somehow he sees it as a threat? just yesterday i asked him where our mom was and he shoved me into a wall, creating a lovely black and blue mark.

he spends around 10 hours a day on his gaming computer, including during school, and my parents do nothing. meanwhile, if i join the school zoom from my phone because my computer is slow, it gets taken away for two weeks.

he’s really impolite. not once in the past month have i heard him say please, thank you, sorry, or anything similar. earlier today, i offered to make him a mug dessert while i made one for myself. he didn’t say please or thank you and 3 times in the 7 minutes i took, he asked me how much longer.

he’s loud. this is more a problem for me, because i’m rather sensitive to loud noises. but i’ll come into his room while he’s screaming at his monitor and politely ask him to quiet down while i’m in school, and he’ll purposely go louder.

he is a bully. he constantly insults me and my sister and has called me fat (i’m slightly above average weight, and he said this as if it were a bad thing to be so). he’s a jerk to his friends as well so a lot of them have left him. 

he’s racist and sexist and homophobic. he has said the n  and f slurs multiple times, imitates foreign accents saying racist things, makes sexist remarks, and calls his friends gay as an insult. (this especially hurts me, because i’ve been questioning my sexuality for a while and his comment make me feel awful).

he’s constantly praised by my parents and i can’t understand how they overlook all of this. 

‘boys will be boys.’ the thing is, if we teach kids from a young age to be polite and considerate and accepting, they wouldn’t be like this. instead of teaching girls to accommodate people like my brother, why don’t we teach people like him to be kinder?