If anyone's interested I kinda need someone to talk to So around January I was talking to this one girl, I'm gunna call her G. And I was really into her and we actually hit it off. We'll for the next three weeks we spent ALL of our free time together. She's 1 of 5 siblings but she's 18 and her three youngest are in elementary. Her dad's a trucker so he's not at home very much and her mom isn't in the picture anymore so G has to take care of her younger siblings practically all alone. Well when we started to hang out a lot, I would always spend huge amounts of my time with them and even bring my laptop so they can play some of my video games. Well I was attracted to G physically and emotionally and she said she wanted to take things slow, I understood that. But then she said "maybe something will happen in the future, who knows" well in the future (5 months) she goes to college and ill be in my senior year of high-school. She said she wanted to be friends and soon maybe something more. Well that doesn't help much because I've never had a girlfriend longer that a few weeks and I rather it be with someone a little more passionate about our relationship and on the same level as well. I'm a virgin and she has...well let's say she's experienced. So that also doesn't help much. Anyways, 3 weeks into it, I realize this isn't going how I like. Knowing that I "possibly" have a chance versus actually having a chance are two completely different things. It made me confused and extremely unsure and impatient. So I told her I only want to be friends and no "maybe in the future" kind of bullshit. She said she was a little hurt but understood. We were also planning on going to prom together but I told her I'd rather go with someone who's more than a friend. She said she was okay with that. Now, every time I see her I get annoyed, but I don't know why. Just looking at her annoys me. And we haven't really hung out since, and it's been 2 weeks or so. Please, I could use some advice and just talking to someone.