Do you think of the people you have lost touch with in life 

Like Im quarantined, so I've been doing a lot of thinking. There are so many people that made massive impacts on my life, but I will never see or hear from again. And that makes me really sad, becusse I know they are probably struggling and I want to help so bad but I'm stuck. I'm using letters for privacy

So, here I am.

Like first is this girl I met back in summer school. She was so awesome and we we're almost dating, but we lost touch and she wouldn't talk to me next summer, never got her number or anything. I try looking on facebook sometimes, but nah I just can't reach her. Her name was E, and I still worry sometimes about her. I think about her so much and how she is.

Then up in Boston I met M. She was the freaking legend. It was awesome, what's the word, platonic (haha a buddy taught me that one, never thought I'd actually use it.) But it was awesome. We texted a few months ago, but again lost touch.

Then there is my buddy C. He kind of made me wanna kill him then myself by dating E, but we were still friends but I've not seen him in months now. They both exchanged mano, so probably best but still. First time I ever felt close to someone, like they really got me.

My youth pastor, J, really changed my life. He showed me a young bachelor still living a good life. That blew my mind I never had that kind of example.

R, T, and I, the people in my class in a private school until second grade. I miss those guys so much, one moved across the country, but two I just lost contact with. I hated that situation, but God I loved the people so much there.

M, this therapist from Reddit actually who kept me sane through quarantine. I owe them my life rn, because a lot of times I was struggling hard.

T, this girl who just moved here in March, and who gave me hope and a reason to want school to come back. Of course she went online, got a boyfriend, and now I'm quarantined, but I had something to live for and look to then.

M, T, and E, three people who made me feel like I had a home last year. The first time I felt like I had a unit in school. E graduated, and other two online, but now I'm making my own unit because of them 

G, my middle school computer teacher who gave me my love for tech, and the only teacher that I'd say really was emotionally invested in her kids.

A, this girl on reddit who got me back into writing, which I actually love again! 

T, this girl who was every smart chinese stereotype ever. She was my biggest academic Challenger, but she went to boarding school before high school.

D, my uncle, he killed himself. I never knew him, but he always acted like I was the center of his world when I saw him.

J, my mentor in church who took me under my wing. The other J showed me the practice part of Christian Life, but he showed me the actual information. He's in the hospital dying as I write this, but he was so at peace when I called. He knows, but he is okay with it. That's who I want to be.

H, this monster of a man. He was a terrible principal, and screamed at us as kindergarteners. He was a big fat man, and he intimidated me so much. He is the reason I fear authority and always stress over school, becuase it's sure not positive reinforcement. 

I could go on and on, but the point is so many people shaped me, and helped me when I needed it most, that I don't even hear from anymore. Take advantage when you get the chance, or you'll never have another one. Im just..  feeling nostalgic I guess. It's a weird kind of calm and fear and joy that is just so confusing, I hate it but I never want it to leave again.