Being a teenager... Sucks We are at this weird phase where people expect you to "act like an adult" but you don't actually get any of the perks of being one. Sure, you get a ton of free time but I can't enjoy it because I m not really good at anything that I can do as a teenager. I like skydiving but that's expensive af (spent 2 years of saving in one jump) unless I get licensed and then it's basically free but I can't get licensed because I m too young. I would like to try mountain biking but a) where I live is basically a very very flat dessert b) I don't have enough money to buy a decent mountain bike. I like badminton but there is no place around me so I can't go because I don't know how to drive and even if I want to learn, I need to be at least 18, and our public transportation system is nonexistent. This goes on and on with pretty much everything I like doing like traveling, hiking, etc...


I am no good at any activity that can be done in doors like drawing or playing music. Pretty much the only things I can do are : read, watch tv, and stare at my phone all day. I can't wait to have financial independence so I can do all the stuff I actually like.

Also, being a teenager makes people automatically think you are stupid. Whenever a topic of discussion is brought up, the only role I can play is "learn from the adults" and my opinions are often disregarded because apparently I don't know anything about the real world. Even though some adults can be total morons and have less intelligence than the average teenager, they would always act like they know it all just cuz they are a few years older (yes I'm looking at you Karens).



And did I forget to mention, school sucks. And I don't mean study, that's actually pretty ok. I m talking about people in school. Some students have the urge to be super cool by doing alot of stupid irrational decisions and then trying to validate these decisions by making fun of everyone who has an iq average higher than a chair. And of course, there are the teachers whose dreams got crushed and found themselves having to work as teachers and are planning to take it all out on us, students. And sports wise, if you suck at football, you can always... Do nothing I guess. And apparently if you decide to go to the library you're "a nerd". Also, social status becomes sort of a big deal for some reason, you got douchebags wearing Gucci or whatever and bragging about it all day in order to be popular, and the problem is... It works! 


Of course, most people are nice, but the overall experience really sucks, especially that, more often than not, I couldn't give a damn about what's being taught. 


Also you are too young to do anything. You're too young to drive, travel alone, work (even if part time), heck even volunteer sometimes. You are too old to go to college, or live alone or basically do anything. Like, I already know what I want to do, why do I have to wait 4 more years? 


People (adults) often say that childhood and teenage years were the best years of their lives. Honestly, if these are the best years of my life, then there is nothing much to look forward to then. Thankfully, I don't believe that and I know there will be a time where I get to be me, but I am sick of waiting. 

This was my little rant. If for some reason, you managed to read till here, thank you. I hope you enjoy your experience as a teenager more than I do.