I feel funny wohhoh Help, I feel really funny after I injected coca cola to my neck vein. I do it every day, but this time, I put too much. It felt like a really intense orgasm in my neck vein. Now I see flying teletubby heads in my room and everything is rainbow coloured. I feel like my brain has expanded right now. I'm have started to question everything. I'm seeing flashes of flat earth and a cgi dome that has an animated sky in it. I think I'm onto something for real. I feel like I am channeling the creator right now. I see something familiar. Holy motherfucking shit. I can remember. I can see my past life. I was a pink flying anteater creature, that was flying outside the dome in the year 1969. 

I think there must be a deeper meaning for god giving me such visions. Hold on. I can see myself in another life too! I was an eagle with Horses head. But wait a second. This happened in 1969 too! This can't be real. What if none of this is real? Holy motherfucking hell. I think I have accesed secret information. It is flooding through my mind. I see everything. I have evolved into a higher being. I see everything now. We are in a simulation. yes. Our creators are two small tortoise aliens that are stuck in a ball shaped space ship, that will hit sun in 3 months. They have created a simulation, that they can play with, before the burn. They are playing boardgame with us. Earths history has really just happened in 3 days. I hope this woke you to the reality. 

This will become a known thing among humans. I have evolved and now I will continue my journey. Wait everything is starting to fade away. My powers are fading! Holy motherfucking shit. All the information I had is slowly being erased from my head! What is this? What am I writing. What the actual fucking nonsense this is? Sorry for anyone who had to read this. I think I will never inject cola to my body again. I'm throwing all of it away. Wait I can hear a weird sound...A blue light just filled my room. My window just shattered! Everything is getting pulled towards the li...