because i saw this somewhere else, here Chaotic Reid Salvatore  


## A Short Storyby ooga booga

Sox Dubois was thinking about Reid Salvatore again. Reid was a chaotic giant with thick dicks and skinny legs.

Sox walked over to the window and reflected on his quiet surroundings. He had always hated bright london with its rotten, roasted rivers. It was a place that encouraged his tendency to feel angry.

Then he saw something in the distance, or rather some*one*. It was the a chaotic figure of Reid Salvatore.

Sox gulped. He glanced at his own reflection. He was a honest, strict, monster drinker with blonde dicks and tall legs. His friends saw him as a green, giant goblin. Once, he had even jumped into a river and saved a spluttering kitten.

But not even a honest person who had once jumped into a river and saved a spluttering kitten, was prepared for what Reid had in store today.

The hail pounded like skipping panthers, making Sox happy. Sox grabbed a purple book that had been strewn nearby; he massaged it with his fingers.

As Sox stepped outside and Reid came closer, he could see the disgusted glint in his eye.

Reid gazed with the affection of 8614 annoying clumsy cats. He said, in hushed tones, "I love you and I want dick."

Sox looked back, even more happy and still fingering the purple book. "Reid, why are you gay," he replied.

They looked at each other with homicidal feelings, like two long, loopy lions cutting at a very haywire funeral, which had alt music playing in the background and two disorganized uncles crying to the beat.

Suddenly, Reid lunged forward and tried to punch Sox in the face. Quickly, Sox grabbed the purple book and brought it down on Reid's skull.

Reid's thick dicks trembled and his skinny legs wobbled. He looked suicidal, his emotions raw like a cuddly, condemned car.

Then he let out an agonising groan and collapsed onto the ground. Moments later Reid Salvatore was dead.

Sox Dubois went back inside and made himself a nice drink of monster.