Video games don’t cause violence, they make memories... ...Today I went to my cousins house, a couple years ago when my I bought a Xbox one I decided since he didn’t have a console I’d give him my Xbox 360 and some games.  One of those games was Minecraft, my step father got it for me when I was about 9-10ish and I fell in love with ever since I touched it.  When I first got it My brother, my friend and I  made a world.  The worlds name being 1234.  This world was the only one we played on, it’s the only one we needed.  We started off in a desert biome and started building a giant cobblestone tower.  Sure it looked ugly but we didn’t care, we had fun.  Other neighbour hood kids would come over  and join the world and make accounts on the 360 and help build this tower.  Other than Lego Starwars and Halo Reach Minecraft was the only game we played.  We stopped playing on this world a couple years before I gave away the Xbox 360.  So today when I went to my cousins house I saw that Xbox 360 I gave him in his closet, I asked if I could boot it up and check something.  He let me.  I proceeded to dig through a pile of discs until I found Minecraft.  I signed into my old account and there it was 1234 untouched since I don’t even know when.  I walked up and down the stairs of that cobblestone house and saw all our old rooms.  I just started to cry,  I guess I was a bit nostalgic.  This world was a relic, a museum of memories that me and people I haven’t talked to since elementary school made.  It’s just crazy, things are moving so fast.  I’m now a grade 11 student who doesn’t know what the fuck he wants to do with his life.  It’s crazy to think this summer will be my last one in school.  I don’t know what I’m getting at here, I’m just scared of the future I guess and this is something that’ll be with me and I’ll hold on to forever.

TL;DR : me and some old friends used to have a Minecraft world, I hadn’t touched it since we quit playing the game.  My cousin now owns the old Xbox 360 and he let me look at the world and I got emotional.