My teacher is a neo-Marxist what fucking bullshit, she comes into class every day and just complains that the government was designed to keep people down, and I'm just like, evidence, please? Like fucking seriously when will people realize that just because there is income inequality that doesn't mean that the system was designed to keep people down, I bet she just complains because she decided to become a teacher, and they make almost no money, so she needs to blame the world for her problems. she doesn't understand what a market is. so marxism is a set of values, and then a system of economics, crafted from that set of values. those values are that equality should outway prosperity, and freedom, and basically everything. and the only way to make equality trump everything is to control the aspect of everyone's life from a higher power. free-markets are a recognition that you are a person in charge of your own labor, not a human construction. Marxism rejects this truth. individualism, and freedom, should trump equality, which means that you are not entitled to the product of somebody else's labor. and I think marxism is only a thing because those people have only experienced freedom, and have nothing to compare it to. Freedom &gt; equality. now above when said equality I meant equality of outcome. which means the government shouldn't force things on people to make it seem like its equality, for example, most nurses are woman, so a Marxist economy would begin to force men into the occupation to have a 50/50 split, or force women into a male-dominated occupancy like S.T.E.M. Now freedom is equality of opportunity which means anybody has the chance to become and reach the top of any field, or occupancy. now in the U.S this isn't fully brought out, clearly, there are still some barriers for people, but it's getting really close to full equality of opportunity. but marxism undermines the fact that people have preferences, it turns out more women want to be nurses than men, and more men want to in occupations like S.T.E.M. than women, this isn't proof of inequality because women have become very successful in male-dominated occupancies, but that's a minority, there are preference differences between men and women, and marxism wants to force a 50/50 split on everything. that is fucking stupid. If you read this whole rant, thank you sincerely.