A rant that I posted on my close friends story and now copy and pasted to here I'm feeling so damn depressed and lonely lately. More so than usual. I feel so alone and isolated from everything and everything. A guy who used to be my best friend has essentially just cut me off, he sees my messages but doesnt even bother responding, I'm losing touch with a lot of my friends from high school, I dont talk to hardly any of them anymore. I dont have hardly any friends at college. The ones I do have, I hardly hang out with them. And most of the people I call "friends" i really question how much of my friends they really are. During that one week where i really started hanging out with people a lot and said i felt like i was finally fitting in, things were great. But gradually I've come to feel excluded and unwanted in a way by a lot of these people. Like it really wouldnt have mattered if I was with them or not. They don't hate having me around and they tolerate my presence but it wouldnt make a difference to them if I wasnt there. I've never felt so alone. And then theres other people here that kind of...cause me lots of stress, let's just say that. And in addition to that I feel so depressed and unmotivated all the time. I play music a lot less and write songs less just simply due to a lack of motivation which only results in me being more depressed and blaming myself for not being more productive. And I'm sorry for posting so much on this story, I didn't use to post this often but ever since college started...I just havent been doing great...and honestly I dont know what I'm doing anymore. I dont even see a point in a lot of what I'm doing anymore. I really dont see much of a future for myself. Sometimes I seriously think I'm not gonna make it 30, that my life will just keep getting worse and I'll just end up killing myself. And even if that doesnt happen, look at my financial situation: already deep in debt and planning on going into an industry that's basically non stop financial struggle. I just dont see any kind of good future for myself.

I just dont know what I'm doing anymore, and I feel more alone than ever, and I hate everything that's going and I hate everything about myself. I just dont know how to handle any of this