The issue with "blue pill" ideology and the creation of incels Disclaimer: i am not talking about those who actually work on themselves and strive to be the best they can by themselves. I am talking to those who procrastinate or simply lie about their own self improvement. Success is earned, not given. Same case with happiness. You do not get success by existing. Unless you are rich then in that case I don't kmow. 

The term of the blue pill has been highjacked by antifeminists, antisjw's and other radicals. But I would rather discuss blue pill ideology in its essence and why it's so harmful. What is meant by Blue pill? It's an ideology in which one has a slowly deteriorating joy and satisfaction in life caused by ignorance. Typically bp ideology peaks around high school and middle schools years. People carrying such an ideology seem to almost echo the beliefs of their parents, the media they consume, and what they are told by other people perpetuating ignorance. 

As opposed to those pushing for true self improvement, self confidence and self love. Blue pill is regressive and conservative in nature. In life they are promised unconditional love, friends and joy by simply existing. They do not know they have to be likable to be liked. They do not understand that respect is earned.  They believe they will magically have it given to them. The world is good on its own the blue pilled believes. Eventually the blue pilled will see others jump ahead of them. They will cling to every last string holding them up to grasp to their beliefs. "They will peak in high school" "I'll thrive in college" "I'm only focusing on myself". Unlike people who actually choose to focus on themselves, they do not. They do not wish to actually change when college comes, they only wish that the world will change for them or that they will magically change. 

In some cases those "others" do peak in high school but in many cases they dont. The life and accomplishments of the blue pilled only remain stagnant or worsen over time. They become neets, they do not seek employment, they do not seek higher education and they do not seek to improve. They become angry that their life hasn't improved, they anger that they aren't given what they feel they are entitled to and feel as if they are failed by society. Those people become the incels you see today. That is why the attitude of incels seem so entitled. We have a society that not only dishes out ignorance, but dishes out extreme danger for those who don't catch onto it early in life. 


There's a generation that feel no hope for love and no hope for life. They think it's too late to get better. But there is no limit. If you are a virgin at 30, that's okay. If you aren't in a relationship that's okay. And if you feel you are having a quarter life crisis that's also okay. You just need to work on yourself, learn to love yourself and try your best to improve In your own eyes. And soon things may get better. Therapy is also highly Recommended if possible. It can do wonders. Stay safe everyone, and may life be loving to you all.

ALL IT TAKES IS SOME UNDERSTANDING