venting/saying whats on my mind (kind of a hot mess) this post is gonna be all over the place and probably really hard to read since im kind of tired rn but oh well. do what you want with your replies (i.e. give advice, relate, give criticism, joke around, etc i dont really care unless youre being a jerk)

my school is so proud of itself and thinks its super progressive and "high class" yet a new student catches the virus basically every week and everyone is crammed probably not following social distancing (idk, i chose to go online). the teachers treat online school like irl school which is extremely inappropriate given online learning, in nature, is a whole other realm from real life school. my grades have plummetted and i honestly dont think i can get into even at least a mid-tier college given the downward spiral my grades have taken. my dream college is very selective and 99% of their emphasis is on class rank. i thought i had a chance if i had good grades, a great sat, and amazing essays since its virtually impossible to land in the top 10% at my school unless youve made straight A+s for every single class youve ever taken (my school is very asian, and thats coming from an asian person myself, and the competition is insane. there are people who have literally taken their own lives because of how bad the competition at my school is, but theyve just brushed it under the rug and are pretending like they care about our mental health). i dont think the college is going to be very sympathetic to those whose grades have slipped during quarantine, theyre very straightforward and dont really care if youve had a struggle or anything, they just care about rank.

~~probably gonna be posting here a lot more ever since i got banned from the discord (the mod was in a very bad mood and decided to take it out on me, everyone ive talked to agrees it was an unreasonable ban but they refuse to accept my appeal for some reason)~~

anyway, quarantine is making my life miserable. the only social interaction i get is on discord from a bunch of simps who i dont even like being around, my real friends are all online but i havent been able to play any games with them lately due to time conflicts. everybody at school hates me because theyve automatically labelled me as a thot for some reason (never even kissed someone before, so i just assume theyre jealous). my parents are great but i cant really play video games with them or talk about gen z stuff since theyre boomers (i love you mom and dad **🥺** ). my brother has moved out a very long time ago and hes been real busy lately, so i cant rlly hang out with him either (though he is coming over next week with his new puppy, so thats something to look forward to)

also for some odd reason ive noticed the more negativity i receive the more self absorbed i get. the other day this girl in a discord server saying i was stuck up after calling myself cute in a selfie and for some odd reason it just boosted my ego even more, i guess its because she came off as really jealous.

finding a significant other in 2020 as a teen has become so freaking hard. all of the guys at my school are just not my type at all. theyre sexist, racist, homophobic, etc. it frustrates me how they use homosexuality as an insult (i.e. "thats so gay"), say the N word openly, call people the F slur, etc. and what pisses me even worse is when a dude keeps insinuating that he'd like me better as an "uwu girl" and that im too much of a "bruh girl". theyre so over their heads too. i told a dude i met in one of my zoom classes that i found his personality very attractive and he took that as me confessing my love to him and started calling himself my boyfriend. i ended up telling him i wasnt interested, and now he just stalks all of my social medias and keeps trying to contact me. i block him and he just makes a new account, its literally so pathetic and i honestly plan to cuss him out next time he does it.

im bad at ending posts especially messy rants/vents like these, so yeah... thanks for reading if youve made it this far! oh and btw this is so random but i hate how people, including teens, just assume that every teen has vaped/smoked weed before. i, personally, would not vape or do drugs but i dont care if my friends do it as long as they dont try to make me do it.