Standing up to my high school bully :) I'm gonna be a senior in high school next week. About 8-9 months ago, I was checking out my crush's Insta in a classroom when some dick took a pic of me. The pic was badly timed, with my eyes closed and mouth open, and it looked like I was masturbating.

He sent it to one person, and that person sent it to some more people, and from there it spread. When it first became a thing, he laughed and said that the whole school saw it.

I confronted the kid about it, and intially he lied to me and said he didn't do it. I had to confront him for 2 months before he finally gave in and apologized. He said he only intended to see something funny, and wasn't trying to hurt me or embarrass me. He apologized and admitted to doing something stupid after I told him my side of the story, how angry I was at him, and how much time I spent during quarantine just thinking about it. But he was probably lying just to make himself look innocent. A week later I felt like a victim, so I confronted him again and forced an apology out of him again. I confronted him about this at least 5-6 times, and he apologized 4 times.

I'm really pissed because stuff like this is unnatural, and he is such an asshole. No one else at my school probably has to deal with drama/conflicts with peers, and encounter situations where someone did something mean to them. Yet I had.

So here's what I did. I made a fake Reddit account under his name, and made posts making fun of the class officers (who everyone loves btw). I then took an ss of the account, as well as the posts "he" made, and sent it to 7 people to try to get it to spread. While we were talking about it, he told me once about how he was bullied on the bus back in the 4th grade. He was made fun of for liking cows, because he was Indian. He would go home every day and cry. To get justice, I sent him pics of cows and gave him the nickname "cow shit", and told him that he deserved to get bullied on that bus.

Justice served everybody. Every bully deserves this treatment.

Edit: I also stood up for myself by writing a post about him on a website, giving out his first and last name and wrote nasty lies on that website about him bullying people with Down's syndrome, as well as a paralyzed Vietnam vet. This was on the open internet where anybody can see it.

&amp;#x200B;

Credit goes to: u/SomeGuyFromThe1600s for giving me the ideas.