Advice about getting ready for college for students that have been identified as gifted and talented, with love from a former GT student First off, nothing is absolute or universal, I don’t know everything and I don’t claim to know everything. I do not have it all figured out. However, as a former GT student who is now an educator of first year college students, I have some advice that I find myself giving often to my students and that I wish I had received. I wanted to share it, particularly because of how often I see young college students who were told that they’re gifted and talented talking about feeling burnt out and stupid on this website. 


There’s one big takeaway before I get into less philosophical advice. Yes, you are gifted, yes, that’s cool, and no, it doesn’t really matter. Being labeled gifted and talented usually means you are unusually intelligent in one of the ways that is identified as being important in school systems. For example, I was identified that way primarily because I’m highly linguistically intelligent. Maybe you’re super logical-mathematically intelligent. That’s great, we need people who are intelligent in those traditionally academic ways. But there are types of intelligence that you DON’T have. For example, my spatial intelligence is basically non-existent. I can’t solve one of those bar puzzles with the pieces of metal you have to take apart to save my life. That doesn’t make me stupid or worthless, though, even in academic settings that value spatial intelligence such as a sculpture class. I bring something unique to that table. Similarly, every single person you interact with has something unique to bring to the table as well. Every single person you meet can teach you something. You can learn something from anyone. 


If you have a chip on your shoulder about being smarter than people in those traditional academic ways, all I can tell you is that you’re missing out. My friends who are not the same kind of intelligent as I am enrich my life, my career in academia, and my ability to approach my research in creative ways. If you don’t learn how to collaborate with people who aren’t as good at “school” as you, you are not going to make it in any collaborative field—which, news flash, is basically all of them. Even computer scientists, doctors, engineers, and lawyers work on teams. Similarly, if anyone reading this is passionate about something “academic” but bad at it, you can still do it. Hard work beats out talent every single time. Talent is worthless without hard work, but hard work is not worthless without talent. 


1. If you have never needed to take notes in order to pass your classes, start now instead of waiting until you need to. Note taking is a skill and it is not one size fits all. Start right now taking notes for lectures and on readings. Figure out what works for you—some people really thrive on highly complex systems with a bunch of different tabs and pens, some people really thrive just writing down key ideas in a notebook. (DO NOT get into the habit now of typing your notes instead of writing them—it is not as productive or as reliable and you will most likely not learn the material as well. It’s fine to type if that’s already what you do, but it’s not preferable if you haven’t yet started.) I have plenty research-based advice about things you could try, but the key thing is the system has to work for YOU. Not only do you need this because (most likely) you will eventually take a course in which you *have* to take notes to pass, but it’s also useful in a lot of other areas, such as meetings, conferences, teaching yourself skills for your resume, etc.


2. College classes are not universally more difficult than high school classes. It’s dependent on subject, teacher, AND school. My high school was a very competitive college prep school—the hardest class I ever took in my life was my high school’s AP Art History course. This means two main things. One: introductory classes might feel really basic to you and your classmates might seem stupid for not already knowing the material. Please consider that if their school wasn’t very good, this may be the first time they are interacting with this information. (One of the most amazing people I have ever met came to college having never written an essay for school; she’s now been published in her field twice.) Two: some classes are going to be easy, like most or maybe all of your high school classes. Some won’t and that’s okay. You will not be naturally good at everything you try. Maybe you’ll breeze through organic chemistry II and cry into your textbook in statistics. That’s okay.


3. It’s okay to fail. Clearly it’s not preferable but it’s okay. The world does not end if you get a B, or even if you have to repeat a class. No doors close in your future if you bomb that physics test. Similarly, it’s completely okay to decide not to give something your all. If you know for a fact that you can get an A+ in your chemistry class if you stop engaging in your hobbies and neglect your physical and mental health, you can just say “I’m not going to do that” and get a B instead. If doing something perfectly is going to make you miserable, then do it imperfectly. Your grades are not your worth or your identity.


4. Don’t try to maximize your credit hours your first semester. Yes, you can probably handle the course load in a vacuum, but consider all the other adjustments you are making. Maybe you’re moving away, maybe you’ve never been to this city before, maybe you’ve never been in charge of whether or not you eat lunch before. You’re going to need to invest in relationships—friendships, roommates, peers, future colleagues, and professors. That is not a waste of time and can not be neglected. It’s an integral part of your education and it is likely to inform your career far more than many of your classes. The most important thing I did my first semester was meet my best friend and get to know the professor that became my research advisor. Those are the things that made me the person, the academic, and the scientist that I am now.


5. Not everything you do has to be cumulative, based in hard sciences, or something that will look good on your resume. This applies to extracurriculars (for example, if you are a physics major, it’s okay to join a club dedicated to community service or whatever instead of/in addition to the physics honor society) for sure, but also to your classes. The best advice I can give anyone going into the sciences is to minor in the humanities (and vice-versa). Not only is it an intellectual break from your normal mode, it can and will inform who you are as a person and how you think and problem solve in your field. For example, I double majored in biology and Spanish. The things I learned in my Spanish classes about social justice, cultural relativity, history, politics, and people is absolutely integral to how I approach conservation and ecology on the global scale. It’s a huge advantage I have over my colleagues who only ever took biology classes. It also made me happier and more compassionate. So take art classes, take music, take German, take intro to feminist studies, take a class with a weird, highly specific topic like “contemporary representations of violence in Colombian art and film.” Take something that makes you happy and excited. You can be pre-med AND minor in guitar. 


6. On a somewhat similar note, I feel like almost every single freshman I meet who was identified as gifted arrives planning to become a doctor, an engineer, or a lawyer. There are a ton of intellectually rigorous, well-paid, fulfilling jobs other than doctor. I promise that you can major in biology or biochemistry with an eye towards research instead of medicine. Not that there is anything wrong with wanting to be a doctor, but in my experience, something like 50% of the pre-med students realize that they don’t want to be a doctor by the end of their freshman year, and half of the ones that are left realize it by the time they graduate. There are so many careers. You can be a biostatistician. You can teach AI to write poetry. Your job can literally be exploring caves to look for endangered blind salamanders or long forgotten archeological finds. The possibilities are endless. Just take classes that interest you and ask about what kinds of careers deal with those skills and topics. There’s a decent chance you don’t know that your real dream job even exists. 


Finally, don’t make an ass of yourself. This is a really big one. In any given class there’s always someone who knows everything except how to act around and towards their peers. It’s totally okay to be awkward or to fumble social interactions—that’s not at all what I’m talking about. There are some things that highly traditionally intelligent students tend to do that end up needing to be addressed in an absolutely humiliating conversation with a kind professor. Some of this is hard to hear, so please don’t think I’m being judgmental. I have been on both sides of many of the following conversations.


1. Do not answer every question. Not because it’s “showing off” or whatever—it’s rude because you are robbing your peers of their chance to learn and you’re disrupting your professor’s classroom and teaching style. Let the awkward silence stretch and stretch and stretch until you feel like you’re dying. Someone will eventually answer; that person needed the experience of answering the question more than you do. Additionally, the entire class learns more when a student answers incorrectly than when they answer correctly. Your professor does not need to know that you know everything and if you instantly raise your hand every time, you create an environment in which no one else can speak because they know you know. That said, you don’t have to stop answering questions completely. My advice is to never answer a question with a straightforward answer that you definitely know. Only answer if you’re uncertain or participating in a discussion or debate. Even then, be cognizant of giving other people the space to speak, think, fail, and learn. 


2. Do not ask the professor questions that are clearly outside the realm or scope of the class during lecture. Ask clarifying questions or connection to other material questions only for the most part. Everything else you should write down and talk to the professor about afterwards. Not only does this create a better classroom environment and allow the professor more control over the flow and pace of the course, it also gives you the opportunity to connect with your professor. 


3. Don’t steamroll your lab or group mates. If you are supposed to discuss something with a partner and you know the answer, ask them what they think first. Be kind when you need to correct a peer—think about the logic that got them their wrong answer and lead them to the right one. Learn how to delegate. Learn how to follow as well as lead. Not only is this an opportunity to explore the nuance of your field, it will also make you a better friend, coworker, and collaborator in the future. 


4. People in college don’t really compare test grades or ACT scores. Some people do, especially freshmen, but by the time you are a junior you will be making people really uncomfortable. Your classmates are not your competition. 


5. Be cognizant of how you interact with people from groups that are often silenced, such as women, people with disabilities, and people of color. Don’t interrupt. If you see them being interrupted in group work or classroom settings, ask them to finish their thought. If you see them not participating and you know the material, ask them things to get them to engage in this topic that you enjoy so that they can enjoy it with you. This is something that, as a fast-thinking, ADHD academic that makes connections quickly and wants to say things before they forget, I really struggle with, despite the fact that I am a member of multiple marginalized and silenced groups. If you’re the best in the class or one of the best, you’re in a position to bring people in and foster the learning environment. (By the way, especially if you’re kind in addition to being talented, your peers are going to respect you and look up to you. This isn’t high school anymore and no one is going to bully you for being a nerd.) 


6. On a similar note, being gifted and talented is often (but not always or even mostly) tied to privileges of many different kinds. This stretches from the obvious, like being able to afford private school or academic summer camps, to the less obvious, like living in an area with a good public school system or coming from a situation in which your mother was well-nourished and received healthcare while she was pregnant with you. Your peers will have advantages and disadvantages compared to you. Be considerate of them. Maybe the girl sitting next to you is struggling with calculus because her high school only went up to geometry and she has to play catch up. Who knows? Not you! 


Writing this, I’m reflecting on myself as a freshman, many of my old classmates, and many of my students. I needed to be told to shut up. I needed to learn how to like, respect, love, and be friends with people that my 16 year old self would have dismissed as stupid. Being okay with yourself after encountering academic difficulties or failure for the first time starts with respecting the people around you who are struggling. If you start working now on realistically valuing yourself and your skills and how they relate to others and their skills, you won’t get overwhelmed and burn out. “Smart” and “good student” are awesome traits but they are not a personality or a life. Your intelligence is valuable but it is not as valuable as who you are as a human being. 


Start changing now so that you’re already cool as hell by the time you reach college. This is your time! You’re young and the healthiest you’ll ever be (most likely) and the world is open to you. You are not the main character but you /are/ a good character. :)