This issue needs to be addressed The r/teenagers Discord mods have failed this time to stand up to their responsibilities by allowing a predator to stay in the server even after countless reports were made against him to the moderators. Their excuse, "well the user being reported didn't harass anyone in the discord server so we are not going to take action" hence ignoring the countless evidence provided to them, of him sexualizing minors in a server closely related to r/teenagers Discord (hence having an identical userbase)

He has asked for shower streams from minors and goes around calling 16 year old girls hot, and making countless other off-hand comments towards minors. When being confronted, he gave us a vague reason (you'll find the reason in one of the screenshots provided in the Imgur album), thus refusing to address the issue and continuing with his predatory behavior. When we finally made the decision to permanently ban him from our server, he messaged the girl and aggressively interrogated her, the girl blocked him obviously. He then made an alt, joined the server again, went on to harass more people before being banned again.


The girl he messaged was 15 and this guy is about to turn 20. He constantly sexualizes girls around the 15/16 age group which according to any normal human being is really weird and creepy.

While the moderators of other reddit-related discord servers such as the moderators of the r/youngadults Discord server swiftly took action on the report and banned the person in question after being provided with the proof of him being a predator. 

He is still lurking around in this subreddit and the r/teenagers discord server looking for more underage girls to prey on and I really fail to understand their wack policy on predator reports

TL;DR If you see a predator preying on underage people in any other server, and you have proof of that, the r/teenagers Discord mods would just simply choose to ignore it unless, the person in question has harassed someone in the teenagers Discord.

Here is an imgur album of all the weird things he has done and said: https://imgur.com/a/hNoBygi

I will not be releasing his username since I want this issue to be brought up to the limelight, not get the person harassed and I sincerely request people who do manage to dig up his username to not harass him since it is against reddit's policy and in general, an ass move.

A Discord investigation is underway and to quote the discord staff directly, they replied with the following: 

&gt; "Additionally, if you share a server, we'd recommend talking with the server admin about this situation for them to appropriately moderate the user."

I'll gladly forward the email sent by the Discord staff if anyone wants it.

So I request the moderators of the r/teenagers Discord again to review the report against him and take appropriate action since this is a really concerning issue