The worst thing I ever did in this past year happened yesterday The worst thing I did in this past year was far from ugly. It was something that no man should ever experience, I wouldn’t even wish this to my worst enemy, yet, I had no choice but to experience it yesterday. 

It all started as a normal Wednesday, well, not really, I was in online class in a different country. I took all my classes and prepared myself to what I thought would be a standard flight to the US. Normally, I would take a direct flight from point A to point B, but this this, it was a connection flight. Not that big a deal, but since I am as one would say, quite tall, airplanes are extremely uncomfortable for me, and I have a harsh time trying to sleep. It was, without a doubt, one of the worst flight in my life. 

That thing to which no man deserves to live through was about to happen, but I didn’t know yet. After 9 hours in the air and with no sleep, I was having an excruciating amount of pain in my legs, but suddenly, right as I began to feel the first part of a long process, my life flashed before my eyes, as if an anti-mask protester went through the door of a store and stood right beside me while screaming at me and the store clergy for wearing our masks. It took me no more than 10 seconds to realize what was happening and what I had to do. It was like an admiring man once said, “the hardest choices require the stronger wills”. And so I promptly rushed to the restroom, for I had to take a shit. 

Yes, you read that correctly, I had to take a shit on an airplane after 9 hours of flight. But the worst was yet to come.

While opening the door of the lavatory, the gates were no longer able to successfully keep the shit inside. Much like Republicans in the US Capitol, my shit was quickly trying to break through. Once I placed the toilet paper as to not have to touch the toilet seat with my bare ass and sit down, the gates burst open and the bathroom exploded with the shit that I had created. But the recurring thought of, “what if” kept taunting me throughout the process. 

“What if there is turbulence?” I asked myself. I tried to clean house as fast as I could, and when I was about to finally empty it, a huge turbulence hit the plane. “Shit!”, I shouted quite ironically. I heard the seatbelt sign turn on, and I started to fear for my life. I didn’t know what to do. There was shit flying around the lavatory, but I pulled myself together, and with my experience of wiping my ass thousands of times, I began to clean the gates.

It wasn’t after many fail trials that I quickly realize that there was still a little bit left inside, but even though it wasn’t as big as the others, it came out outta nowhere with a Big Bang, and so the Spanish Inquisition promptly exited from my ass unexpectedly, and proceeded to end my nightmare once and for all. And they did, quite literally, since I woke up from my sleep back at my house. 

TL;DR: Took a connection flight, 9 hours through the flight I had to do the unimaginable. I had to take a shit. The worst things happened. However, it ended in a quite unexpected way. [Read the last 2 paragraphs]

Anyway, thanks for making my first year of Reddit fun and enjoyable, 2020 was a year full of horrible events, but also hilarious memes and incredible videos. I wish you all the best for 2021!