Heya, am looking for some relationship advice Recently (and most likely due to valentines day fast approaching), alot of my classmates have been pushing me towards starting a relationship with a long-time friend of mine. 
               
Me and her have been friends for about 3 years now. We've talked alot about all manner of subjects both in person and over WhatsApp, have gone out together to eat sometimes, and have even exchanged gifts on occasion.
      
Seems like a perfect match, right? Well... I unfortunately have quite a lot of doubts. I know that there exists a pretty significant difference between liking each other as friends and as romantic partners - with the failure to recognise this difference usually ending in broken friendships - and I'm really not sure which one of these two is my relationship with her.    
           
I'd be down to get into a relationship, but I'm not sure if she thinks the same way, and if she doesn't, me asking her out could have some serious ramifications for the future of our friendship.
           
So yeah... I'm really hesitant to ask her out rn. I'm gonna need some of ya relationship experts here to help me determine whether she likes back as a romantic partner or not before I commit to doing anything funny. To that end, here's a quick summary of our relationship:
               
We met each other in school, and started talking alot since a)we sat next to each other in class and b)we both shared an interest for drawing, writing and most recently also anime (it was mainly her that got be into it by convincing me to pick up demon slayer lol)
             
After 2 years together in school we graduated and went to separate places for further education, but we still live quite close by and bump into each other occasionally. Towards the end of last year I asked her if she wanted to eat lunch with me to reconnect abit (we had not met each other in person for almost a year at that point) and I had a blast! We had lots of fun telling stories about our new classmates and I gushed to her about a fictional story I was writing for like 30 whole minutes. Am planning on doing this again a couple months down the line :)
      
Not long after that, she got me to watch the entire demon slayer s1 series so that we could watch the movie together, and the interesting thing about that was that it was actually the second time both me and her had watched that movie (she had watched it longgg before and I had watched it with another group of friends not long before going with her). Still tho, we had fun talking about random stuff relating to the movie.
         
When we aren't talking in person, we are talking over WhatsApp, with a new conversation relating to just about any topic popping up once every week or so with a pretty even mix between me and her starting said conversations.
          
Well, that basically summarises. I am now asking all ya teenage relationship experts: Just friends or shows possible signs of deeper relationship?
           
On a random side note, I recently had a fun little poll on my Instagram story where I asked people to used a slider to determine how much of a certain trait they saw within me, and for the "romantic" trait she was the only one to have given me a big fat 0 😅