Orange juice I want to address the weight issue a lot of teens suffer from. Talking from personal experience. I was on the fat side when I was 14, and the bullying was really bad. I was a nerd, so people didn't really find a way to mock me when it came to grades, because I kicked ass, but when it came to weight, oh boi! The first day of P.E class was a disaster, a guy mocked me for having "man boobs" and all of the test of the guys followed his lead, even the so called "friends". I'm a really sensitive person, so that was enough to completely destroyy confidence, and it kept repeating each time we had P.E, after a few weeks it stopped, but the insecurities have just started. And that year was the worst year of my life, I'm not going to go into details but let's say that I witnessed my dad hitting my mom, my teacher making me sit in from of everyone and talking about how bad of a person I am, and I got a lot of mockery for my weight, plus other stuff. The year ended with a suicide attempt, unsurprisingly. But that was only the start. Next year, I managed to lose 10 kg or 22lbs in a month, it was not a healthy weight loss l, since I was only about 6kg overweight plus losing that much in that short period of time isn't good, I struggled and still struggle with my body image, I lost some other 2kg or 4.5lbs in about a week, my bones became weak, I sometimes fainted, and I experienced a lot of other unpleasant side effects, and I'm still dieting hard to this day. And since I'm a teen and I'm still developing muscle and am still growing in general, it's unhealthy, but I'm already long gone, but you aren't, please, please, and another please, never listen to society. All of what you see of those perfect people on the media is the minority, and most of it is fake anyways. Love yourself for who you are, trust me I thought losing 12kg would make me happier but it made me more miserable than before. Learn to completely accept who you are.
And if you're wondering why it's titled "orange juice", I'm not gonna say why but let's just say that it's not random. I hope some of you will know what I'm meaning