I’m done with my mom. My mom recently got surgery on her right foot due to arthritis and the cartilage decaying so I’ve had to take care of her. I’ve done every damn thing woman has asked of me, done multiple chores that didn’t need to be done, stayed home from hanging with a friend even though she never actually needed help, dealt with her fucking attitude over everything.

My mom and I got into a fight the other day because I was apparently leaving the room too soon when she was trying to talk. She wasn’t even fucking talking to me at that point. So I had walked into my bathroom to finish getting ready (I was gonna go game with my bf and his brother. We were on the phone) and she yells something at me. I answered saying I couldn’t hear and made my way to her room. 

She just fucking unloads on me about how disrespectful I am and how I’ve been so rude to her all day and have had the worst attitude. I told her I had a migraine earlier and was kind of exhausted from classes, also pmsing hard. But no. Just fucking screams at me for like 20 min (she denies this even tho she HAD A FUCKING CLOCK). I had started crying multiple times which just made her scream more at me. Then tried to threaten “well if you’re this emotional than everyone needs to fucking stay home.” Which again, only made me cry more because I was so confused on what I did wrong to make her treat me like this. 

When I tried to talk and say something she’d just flip out about how I’m just being emotional so it doesn’t matter. Eventually she calmed down, or I thought she did, and had me sit next to her. She half asses apologized and asked me to explain my side. I was stuttering pretty bad and just a mess because all that shit fucked with me hard. But the moment I said that I was crying cause she was yelling at me and wouldn’t stop when I asked her too she just went off on me again about how disrespectful I am for trying to switch it on her and make her the bad guy when it’s MY FAULT for walking out of her room when she was trying to talk to me. 

I don’t think I’ve ever just stopped crying that fast. Like I was near unemotional and just numb tbh. I was so fucking done with her bull shit. She tried to apologize again and got mad at me when I said to was fine. Then went on to blame it all on her stress and how tired she is. She’s done this SO MANY TIMES. I almost snapped and just packed a fucking bag. (I’m 16)

Well that was finally over with and I went back to my room where my boyfriend was still on the phone. He was appalled to say the least. I’ve told him how she is when we fight but he was just horrified how terrible she was to me. He did have extremely abusive parents so he understood and tried to comfort me as best as he could while urging me to come over sooner cause he knew what I needed. He understands a bit more now why I suck at communicating how I feel and I’m just not great at it. (I’m working on it with a counselor now, and getting better with him)

But I’m just do fucking tired of her. Such a fucking toxic hypocrite that can’t even ACCEPT that she might be in the wrong sometimes. I already full on resent her. I told my bf straight up I’m moving out when I’m 18 and there was no way in hell I was gonna stay with her. She’s done a hell of a lot for me, and I realize that. But that gives her ZERO RIGHT to treat me like that when she could’ve just fucking talked to me about how she wanted me to please stay a little longer because she wasn’t done talking.