My family is driving me mad \[ JUST A DISCLAIMER: no, I am not looking for advice, therefore I don't think r/relationship_advice would be a better sub. I'm just ranting, that's all.\]

Some probably needed backstory:  
I've been diagnosed with an anxiety disorder, and ADHD, but the anxiety is the most important here. Thanks to it, I can't sleep for periods of time longer than about half an hour, because every single sound jolts me awake. It has caused me to somehow only live off of short naps, that don't really help me rest. I've spent most of my high school experience on caffeine, and sugar, just to keep myself awake. (Yes, I know it is not healthy, but my parents don't let me take sleeping medication because I will "overdose and kill myself". FYI, with the doses, I'd need to eat several hundred of them to do anything besides falling asleep for longer. I did my research.  
During the lockdown, I have had an even worse time sleeping, so I basically spend my time writing unneeded stuff, and randomly walk around the house.  
Everything was quite alright until I came out. I trusted my mom the most, so when I asked her NOT to spill the beans to anyone, I thought she would do exactly that. Boi, was I wrong. First, she decided to get me a therapist to "get me out of my phase", tell my whole family, and everyone she knows. Now every member of my family has been colder to me than ever, but I can live with that for a few months.  
What I'd actually like to talk about here, is my fricking sister. She calls me things, but I endure that. She somehow breaks into my social media, and tells my mom about every guy I've ever talked to, saying "one of them is my boyfriend". No privacy? Slurs? Just a few more months, and it's going to be the end of that. Now what else could she do, knowing my daily schedule? Tell my parents "the only thing I do is playing video games" (which is kind of true, to be honest). I mean, they would leave me alone for the last few days of the summer holidays (our schools will start in, like, three days or so), right? NOPE, they took away everything, and I'm typing this on my old, useless laptop.  
Could there be something worse? Well, I recently decided to repeat the process of over-exercising until I can pass out in my bed. Did that again yesterday, and my sister, who FOR SOME FRICKING REASON decided to sleep in my room, instead of her own, kicked me repeatedly, and forcefully in the chest "to wake me up", because "I didn't clean the cats' toilet", despite her seeing with her own eyes, that I did. Did I mention it happened at 4 am? Because I should have.

FML.