Can't seem to make friends I honestly can't make friends; It feels like no matter what I do, it just doesn't happen. Well, I'd say I do have *one* friend (who I love very much and appreciate every day), and a couple of people I occasionally talk to who I like, but aside from that I have nobody but strangers and acquaintances. It just feels really lonely a lot of the time.

It's not like I don't try and make an effort to speak and listen to people, I've tried more than once to strike up a conversation with someone that likes some of the same things as me, or just something that I'd enjoy hearing them talk about. I've contacted people online and in person, volunteered, joined more than one sports group. It never results in anything. Admittedly, I'm a fairly shy person and have spent a lot of time trying to overcome social phobia, but I try my best.

I always have to make the first move. Maybe that's the problem, that I'm always forcing interaction onto people that don't want it, and that's why I tend to get brushed off. That's fine, people can dislike me/have no interest in me if they want. But I've spent years *not* making the first move, being in situations where others could approach me, and they never do. It's like I have to try so hard just to get noticed by anyone, but whoever does see me just doesn't want anything to do with me.
Plus, even in rarer cases when I *am* invited to talk to someone or join a group, it's always incredibly difficult for me to stay involved or keep up. For example, whilst naming no names, I was once on a school trip abroad grouped with two other people who seemed happy enough to have me. But, we went through a (very large) public building in our groups, and weren't meant to separate. I turned around for one second, and they were gone, and I got completely lost for half an hour. When we finally met back up, they acted as if nothing had happened and didn't even seem to realise I wasn't with them. Later, they did pretty much the same thing again, despite me trying to keep up and mentioning what had happened to them, so I just gave up on being in a group at all.

Of course, I have the friend I already know, and I can't say that I have zero friendships. He's great, and I talk to him every day, but for both his sake and mine I can't come to him constantly with whatever I'm thinking of. He's human, and needs breaks from people just as anyone does, so a lot of the time I'm sitting wishing I knew at least one other person half as well as I know him, but no such luck. 

Just wanted to put how I felt somewhere, thanks if you read this far.