I asked my crush out on Friday and she said yes The his is the first time this has happened to me. She is in the same grade as I and I live in Germany, so there is no real separation between middle school and high school, which means that we have probably seen each other quite often in the past six years I’ve been on this school but we haven’t noticed each other until after the summer holidays and sharing a few classes. I quickly realised how much I liked her and we talk quite often.

This Friday was the last day before the autumn holidays. I knew that it would bug me if I wouldn’t ask to meet with her during the holidays, so I decided that I would do so no matter what. So I arrived at school, went where we and a few friends would usually stand (a few of my and a few of her friends know each other and, coincidentally, our circles of friends partially merged up) and... nothing. She would usually great everyone in the morning. We did not talk at all. I felt worried and spent my first 3 lessons, the first break including the school medic meeting and the next two lessons until lunch break unusually unconcentrated. My school day would have been over at that point but I decided to stay. I know myself well enough to force me to do important things on solid dead lines, otherwise I forget the entirely. 

During the lunch break, we talked more, which relived me at least partially, but there still were too many people around. I had hoped to be able to talk before we go home by bus, but she told me that she would meet with a friend right after school, so that option was gone. I stayed the sixth lesson without anything to do. At least some of my friends wouldn’t have a lesson at that time and waited for their sports class afterwards, so at least I didn’t feel bored. I had a narrow window of opportunity after that, if at all. She shares her class at that time with her mentioned friend so I prepared not to be able to ask her in private. There would be no excuses. I had to do it even if I didn’t like it.

I saw her friend coming out of class without her... and walking past me towards the secretariat. My crush left class towards the foyer where I stood. She came towards me. Asked where her friend had gone. I spoke out why I had seen. She nodded with her body language signing that she would stand with me and wait in the mean time. And then I did it. I asked if she would like to meet me during the holidays. She answered that she would like to, though she would be in Denmark with her sister in the first of the two weeks. The feeling was amazing. I think she was nervous about it too. We talked without any real content, or maybe I just didn’t notice as my mind was somewhere in the sky. Her friend came back, I wished both of them nice holidays and left the building. The waiting had been so very worth it.



Tl;Dr: A day of excitement with a bad start became one of my best due to commitment and a bit of luck.



Stay brave and commit to your goals! Don’t wait too long, I have already made that mistake twice and don’t fear a rejection! Mentioned two times it hurt but it also helped me think about who I am and improving myself!