Smh why do I have to have such bad thoughts :( (probably going to delete this lmao) [also dont read this this is just venting my thoughts, I wont be seeing or replying to any comments on this post so dont] Before you read this especially if you are someone ik. If you read this our friendship will most likely be ruined so just fucking dont  
Aaah fucking hell I hate having bad thoughts  
background, people for a while now have hurt me and shit ;/ and also humiliated me in other ways. The worst one was when 10 guys ganged up on me andI tried to hit them with sticks cause I was sick of their bs but they grabbed it off me and shoved me to the ground after punching me a few times and tried to make me say sorry, I didnt ofc so they shoved me down even more. This was in the schoolyard in front of everyone.  
Afterwards a few said "sorry" like wtf you still fucking did it that doesnt mean shit.   
Anyways end of background, cause of shit like that Ive been having thoughts of torturing people and killing people out of anger (gouging people's eyes out with a spoon, stabbing people musltiple times even after theyre dead, tearing off their fingernails, etc). I obviously would never do that. The worst Id probably ever do is if those assholes ever take it too far Id hit them hard with the nearest thing I could hit them with. But I fucking hate those thoughts. I feel so fucking guilty for them  
Ive tried so many things, ignoring them, punishing myself physically for them (bashing my head against a wall and burning myself), punishing myself mentally (imagining doing these things to myself) but now Ive got a bad habit of imagining doing them to myself so yay more issues.   
So fucking annoying and I wish it'd go away.   
I wish this was the end to my shit as well cause I also have these weird fucking illusions that people can read my mind and shit and ik its not real but I cant shake it away. If I ever think about anything remotly sexual or any of these thoughts I immediately try and block it out cause for some reason I think other people can tell even though ik they cant and because I try and block it it just copmes on more strong, why am I so fucking strange  
Anyway yeah if you read this fuck you for reading it, yet again idc. Dont think about putting some stupid shit down like you need help" or "your fucked up" cause yet again, I wont read it. And if youre a friend you might as well block me, I told you not to read it