My mum took my fucking drawing pad, all because she seems to forget that I'm quite literally diagnosed with depression. She took my phone and drawing pad last night because I'm behind on assignments (understandable. Pissed me off, but I get it) but decided, today, that she'll waltz into my room, give me back my phone after I proved to her that I did the fucking work, but not my drawing pad. Now, there's several fucks I don't give about my phone. I have a computer, a switch and a 3DS. I have millions of other forms of entertainment. But she's taken my drawing pad, the one thing I find even remotely enjoyable at this point, since upcoming exams are just fucking me in the ass.

I was trying to get some sleep since I stayed up late doing the 3 or 4 assignments I needed to do (2 of them being maths past test papers, which isn't my best subject, online maths homework and a biology revision pack) and she came into my room, woke me up and basically said that I need to "shake off" my sluggish mood. That I shouldn't be laying around all the time. Now, I get where she's coming from. I wouldn't be as royally upset as I am if I were some lazy teenager who just didn't want to do anything and was a bum. But for some wacky wild reason, she seems to forget that she quite literally pays a therapist to help deal with the clinical depression SHE KNOWS I have.

It's like, do you just think it's having a low self-esteem? And hating myself?! The reason I'm asleep all the time is because I'm fucking tired _all the time._ I can't even begin to muster up the motivation to do the work most times. All I had at that point was the fact that I like drawing in my down time. You don't have to think of the bad shit when drawing, but she's fucking taken it and I don't know what to do. It doesn't help that the past few weeks it's been...really, really bad. To the point where I've been thinking of not so nice things everyday, and she's just gone and made it worse.

Literally just made it seem like it was a mind over matter.  

God I'm just so mad. And upset. This is just a flaming hot pile of shit, piss and garbage.