Posting Gnarly Space Facts Until I Run Out of Knowledge: Day 98 Two Days Remain.  


If you have any questions about space, you can put them in the comments! However, since there are only two facts left, I'm no longer open to topic submissions. I'll see you tomorrow!  


Fact: Yesterday, I talked about some of Saturn's lesser-known moons. But the other gas giant in our Solar System also has a couple moons I have never really mentioned in this series! Their names are Io and Callisto, and they might honestly be just as interesting - if not more interesting - than Ganymede and Europa!

&amp;#x200B;

Io is the smaller of these two, but it packs a punch! It is ever so slightly larger than our Moon, and has over **400** active volcanoes on its surface! This makes it the single most volcanically active object in the Solar System, but it isn't for the reason you may think. Scientists believe that the reason Io is so volcanically active is not because of anything going on in its interior, but because of a phenomenon known as *tidal heating.* Of the four "Galilean moons" (Io, Europa, Ganymede, and Callisto), Io is the closest to Jupiter. As a result, it experiences more gravitational forces from Jupiter than the other three do. Our largest planet's immense gravitational pull - along with the gravitational pull from the other Galilean moons - literally *stretches* Io, causing the little moon to heat up, similar to a giant ball of clay. 

&amp;#x200B;

Callisto is almost the exact opposite of Io. It is the most distant of the four Galilean moons, and has shown little to no geologic activity. However, Callisto is unique because it is the most heavily cratered object in the Solar System. It is so heavily cratered, in fact, that almost every time a new crater is formed on Callisto, an older one is likely obliterated! It's also believed that - due to its proximity from Jupiter - Callisto would be the perfect place to set up a base for future human missions to the Jovian system. This is because Callisto experiences relatively low levels of radiation.