My girlfriend has gone MIA To start off, Im sorry if this post comes across as whiny, but I haven’t been in the best headspace lately. 

To start off, my gf and I have been together for around 7 months, and although we knew each other in school, our relationship really took off once the quarantine started. We spent almost all day and all night speaking to each other and as the stay at home orders were lifted in our state, we began to spend time together in person as well. 

Well as fate would have it, this wouldn’t last long, because for personal reasons, she would have to fly to Ecuador to stay with her family for a month. I’m not gonna pretend this didn’t hurt, but I didn’t want to make things about me, especially when she’s got so much going on in her life at the moment. 

Flash Forward to about 5 days ago, I’ve been trying my best to keep how I feel about her being gone to myself because again I don’t want her to feel guilty for something that’s not her fault, but for the sake of communication and not holding stuff in and maybe blowing up on her, I decided I should tell her about it. Surprisingly, it went pretty good she was understanding but the day after, I didn’t hear anything from her. That’s not that big a deal, she usually texts me late at night, anyway but once it hit the 48 hour I started getting paranoid. 

I texted her best friend to ask and see if she’s heard anything from her, and to my surprise she has, but she’s going through something right now, and is ignoring basically everyone including her family. I get it. But at the same time I wish I would’ve been given some notice or at least something saying “i need some space”. But I haven’t really had anything to go off of. Her best friend can’t even really tell me definitively if she’s planning on ghosting me, so I’m really just left up in limbo. I’m pretty confident I’m not being cheated on however, she’s seen in her own life the effects of it on a person, and I would at least hope she has enough respect for me to not subject me to that. 

Which leads me to now. I’ve been on the verge of a panic attack for like 3 days at this point, and the only thing that gives me a semblance of peace is the thought of her texting back. What’s going on with her is something that I probably don’t understand, but like I want to yk? I just want to see her happy again even if it’s not with me. 

Should I keep holding on?