What Do I Do? Long story starting her so have fun. So this girl I’ve liked for a while now and today I was talking to her and I asked her if she wanted to go to the football game together today. She agreed and we had a pretty good time, but when we were leaving she was complaining about how she was getting cold, and my DUMBASS didn’t pick up the hint and offer her my hoodie at all. Then, we decided to get some fast food because we were hungry and most other places were packed. We couldn’t find a table in the restaurant but we saw a table with friends so we decided to sit with them. After that we decided to go back to the car and we just sat there for a while talking and just chilling. At one point she told me she had to ask me a question she didn’t want me to tell anyone else. I agreed because I’m not going to tell this thing to everyone if they know who she is (hence why I’m telling this to you, because you don’t know her), but she asked me if she should smoke that night. I really didn’t know how to respond to this but I told her if she wanted to she could, but I haven’t done it before so I’m not sure. Later she asked me if u had ever vaped and I said no because I was terrified of my parents ever finding out. I asked her if she did and she said yeah and she’s even got caught twice but still does it. I didn’t know how to respond to this so I just kind of accepted it. About 30 seconds later she pulls out her vape and I don’t say anything because I do care but I don’t wanna piss her off by telling her she should stop for her health because u actually care for her. She asked if I was ok with her doing it and I just said yeah because it didn’t bother me all too much. After a while of talking and chilling, I took her home and told her we should hang out again sometime and that I had fun tonight. Now that I’m looking back on it, I think I fucked up so many times. Is there anything y’all can suggest for what I should say to her or something we can do because I want to date her, but I don’t want her to be hurting herself with the vape. Also, what is some relationship tips any of y’all got because I fell like I fucked up sometimes.