Dog President Below is my comedy featuring a dog that is for a grade. 

Dog president. You heard me right. Dog. President. President that is a dog. President with a color spectrum of just blue and yellow. He sees 17.6% of his own flag. He can't be racist if he can't see colors. He can't even say slurs, for he is a dog. The bestest boy in the Oval Office. 

President President (his legal last name) had a rough campaign to get where he is now. Dog President was a seasoned military veteran before presidency. He has served eight tours to Iraq, each one more dangerous than the last. Dog President has accumulated more than 4,000 kills. He received a medal of honor for his contributions to world peace. He was retroactively given sole responsibility for the death of Osama Bin Laden, for the Pentagon found it too embarrassing to release the killer of the most feared organization at the time to be a dog. It's worth noting that kill was purely out of duty to his country, not because Dog President is discriminatory to any races. Dog President even brought back a bone from that mission, though it is unclear where the bone came from. 

After his war efforts, he got right to volunteer work. Dog President spent most of his time collecting trash at his local dog park. When he noticed the public response to his selflessness, he decided to run for governor. Yes, he skipped mayor. His policies went toward nature conservation and a harsh stance on animal cruelty. The lucky mutt got in by a landslide. In the dog days of summer, he even participated in his volunteer work as he did before politics. 

With a last name of President, Dog aimed for the highest position there was. The campaign was smooth sailing until he publicly marked his territory at a debate. That scandal caused much uproar, but he soothed his supporters with promises of treats. On election day, Dog President is best remembered for winning voters over with big eyes, a wide smile, and a comforting demeanor. He was sworn in on a half-chewed copy of "Peabody and Sherman."