Reddit sucks ass 1. Voting system makes it impossible to have an opinion
2. Memes are shit. They're all the same jokes. That results in you later in life having a convo in real life where you can't think about anything other than "haha the neighbour's kid is such a weirdo" even though it has NOTHING to do with the actual conversation.
3. Redditors are obnoxious people. 5 years of karma-whoring and trying not to be considered "edgy" to not get downv*oted will make you a basic and uninteresting person. Furthermore nobody will be able to change you because you have 0% of your original self left and instead it's just a husk, an NPC.
4. OP circlejerk. Idk how many times i've seen OP say something stupid and instead of upvoting the answer that calls OP out, people downv*ote it to oblivion so it's never seen by casual scrollers by. This is how fake news can easily spread on reddit, as long as it's something that overlaps with the group's beliefs.
5. All social networks suck ass. Everything is made to make you dumber and depressed so it's easier for companies to feed off of you. After all, it's easier to abuse one sad, stupid person than to deal with a happy, smart one.
6. Why do i post here then? Do you think anyone is going to say this themselves? Do you think the "veteran" karma whores and husks are going to risk getting bad reddit points? I do. If i won't post here, it'll probably never get seen.
7. One more reason btw: It's easier to click arrow up when you like something than to read a long post. This is why this post will get seen by 4 people who won't even bother to read. This system rewards short, simple things over long and exhaustive rants because of the easiness of upvoting/downvoting. After all, it's easier to quickly scroll through silly, relatable, simple and short jokes than to pay attention to some rant. An example would be: Ivan is a smart and thoughtful person, while Andrew is some redditor. Ivan saw a post and is commenting on it in a long text, while Andrew said some silly trendy phrase when he got the opportunity. A person (You) scrolls on the site and sees Andrew's "haha drill go brr", likes it and upv*otes it in a matter of seconds. And so do thousands of others. The same person then goes to read Ivan's text. And so do many. But while many just clicked the up arrow on Andrew because they understood it fast, they spent more time reading Ivan's text and thus less people upv*oted his answer in the same amount of time it took them to upv*ote Andrew's. So short and simple phrases (usually repetitive, your brain loves that) are rewarded more than long and thoughtful rants.

Thanks to the 2 people that read through it all.