How to stop climate change   

# My measures to save the environment

I have recently found out that at this rate we will all die of climate change, so I have decided to save the world by making my family live with as little of a carbon footprint as possible. In this text, I will explain the different climate friendly measures I have suggested and recently implemented.

The first thing I did was fix our shower problem. Warming up water to shower takes a lot of electricity so I completely removed our shower and our water heater. Instead of showering, I take my whole family down to the local river where we bath once or twice a week. I encourage everyone to do this because it is free of charge and free of pollution.

We used to leave the lights on everywhere in the house and this was unacceptable since it used a lot of electricity. Therefore, I removed every lightbulb we had and gave each family member a flashlight instead. We charge the flashlights with some small, cheap solar panels and by doing that we have reduced the unsustainable usage of energy on lighting to zero.

My mom and dad used to drive to work and that is horrible for the environment. I have therefore made them sell both their cars and made them buy roller-skates instead. Roller-skating to work is great exercise and releases no climate altering gasses. This measure is cheap and easy to implement and is highly recommended to everyone who drives cars.

We also used to buy our food at the grocery store but that could not go on if my family was to reach our goal of having zero carbon emissions. Most of the food in grocery stores are packaged in plastic and transported with planes and trucks that run on fossil fuels. Because of this, we have had to produce our own food. I convinced my parents to buy farm animals that we could have in the backyard, so now we have three cows, a goat and fourteen chickens that make milk and eggs every day! This measure requires a lot of dedication but I think it is worth it because it is cheaper than buying food and much better for the environment.

I hope that the climate friendly measures I have implemented for my family will inspire more people to start living the same way. Together we can stop climate change and save the world.