Weekly self post weekend story #1: femboy reality I came back from work and opened reddit then someone linked me to a subreddit named r/196. 

“Huh,I never heard of it what’s that?” I murmured to myself then saw several posts about femboys. 

“Ew, I would never be a femboy, they are disgusting.” I turn off reddit but right as I went to swipe up to close it, a small hand with painted nails reached out to me and took me in. 

“Let me go!” I shouted at the hand, but to no avail. It took me in and threw me to a place I had never seen before. There were several men walking in maid dresses and wearing masks with 'UwU' written on them. 

“What the hell? Is this a dimension of femboys?” I started running in one direction, hiding from anybody in my way because I knew they were a threat. 

“Come here! Hide with us before they see you.” A voice suddenly told me and I followed their command in pure determination. I saw a blonde man, a tall young boy and a short muscular man. 

“Who are you? Why did you tell me to hide with you? What is this place?” I said to the weird group. 

“Hello! We are the only men here that aren’t femboys and we asked you to hide with us because we thought we were the only normal people” the blonde man said to me. 

“What is this place?” I asked him. 

“I believe you were teleported from another reality.” The short muscular man told me. 

“Huh? Why do you think that?” I asked the short muscular man. 

“You don’t look from here and I was also teleported from another reality. r/196, right?” The man said to me. 

“Yes! How did you know?” I asked him, now intrigued. 

“I was also taken from my home from r/196. This reality is the femboy reality. If you aren’t femboy you either get turned into one or you die, the higher ups choose how you die.” He said, eyes getting a bit teary. 

They offered me some food and we talked a bit. 

“I am Keith.” the blonde man said to me “this tall boy is David, and this short tank is micheal. What’s your name?”

“My name is Kyle.” I said to Keith “thanks for taking me in.”

“No problem, Kyle. We should sleep it’s getting dark and we are going to new shelter soon.” Keith told me. 

“Why would you move shelter?” I asked them. 

“Because we are wanted criminals. Micheal’s dad was shot to death for not turning into a femboy and we ran away as fast as we could from them. Now we are the biggest criminals in the entire reality.” David explained to me. “We don’t want to die too so Micheal's dad doesn’t die in vain.” 

We said goodnight and went to sleep.