How do I deal with this So for my whole life my brother has always tried to get on my nerves because he find some sick pleasure out of making me mad I honestly don’t understand it. He loves to metal in my life and act like he’s so perfect and I’m like some lowlife whore. Like let’s say I eat three pieces of pizza he will make fun of me for a month and be like oh I thought you said you were on a diet like a month ago or like you’re so fucking fat or whatever when he really doesn’t care. He does it because he thinks it makes me mad when really it just annoys me it doesn’t make me mad at all and I guess making me mad like it’s funny to him even though he never does.
So everyone’s like oh yeah just ignore him and he’ll stop that’s not what happens when I ignore him he assumes that his plan is working because he knows that if I’m ignoring him I’m trying to get him to stop which means I’m distressed. So I can ignore him for an hour and this boy is very ADHD has a lot of mental issues and is very persistent so he will sit there for three hours trying to annoy me like he won’t stop like a normal person he won’t walk away usually and get bored he’ll just amp up the volume and just do something slightly worse every few minutes To the point where I want to beat the shit out of him. 
In fact he’s annoyed my parents to the point where anytime he’s doing something to me they won’t even get in between it they’ll just let him do it. Also if I don’t ignore him and I express that I’m upset or you know just do something about it in general it has the same affect and he just keeps doing it more and more and more so I’ll give him attention Or make myself look stupid or some shit and he will also keep doing it even though I’m not ignoring him. 
like another example of this would be like if I slept till 5 PM every day for a week he would not let me live that shit down for like two months like every time I see him in person because we don’t live together we do see each other every day though you’ll be like oh yeah that’s the lazy fat bitch of a sister I have when in reality I’m just sleeping till 5 PM because I stayed up all night crying over some dumb shit. I should mention he’s 12 years old but he has the mentality of like a seven-year-old like everyone kept telling me he would grow out of this stuff when he was like eight but no it just got worse and I am 17 and it seems like since I only have one more year he’s really laying it in me this year because he knows I’m moving away when I turn 18 and I’ll hardly see him. 
He also roasts me and since like he has this god like complex about himself it’s really hard to roast him back because he’s over here acting like he’s a little miss perfect and he actually thinks he is so it’s like even when I do roast him it doesn’t affect him at all and even if I do act like it’s not affecting me and he still somehow knows it is.  There’s nothing I can do about that either like I can’t help whether something affects me or not or triggers me or not. But like for everybody who also has a sibling that’s crazy like this how do you get under their skin in these situations how do you make them feel like you’re feeling and make them want to go away and never wanna talk to you or hang out with you.
Also this kid wants attention so bad that if I don’t give it to him he annoys me. Like let’s say one day he was doing his annoying bullshit trying to make me mad and then the next day he wants to hang out and I’m like no you did that shit yesterday so I’m not hanging out with you why would I hang out with an asshole. The next day he’ll just do it 10 times worse and harder and make me want to slap the shit out of him even more like it’s a whole cycle like this dude wants me to hang out with him even though he’s a little bitch and then when I don’t hang out with him he acts like an even bigger bitch. But sometimes when I pretend like I actually want to hang out with him he’s kind of nice to me but most of the time he still mean to me.
Like I just wanna know how do I make this kid hate me as much as I hate him I mean obviously I don’t actually hate him because he’s my brother.  But like I have no desire to hang around this kid regularly like he wants to annoy me and stuff like I don’t understand that I have no desire to annoy him I just want to stay on my side of the room and not talk to him because I don’t have any desire to have anything to do with him. And it’s not like he looks up to me either because he seems to think that I’m some big fat lazy unsuccessful sack of shit. He genuinely just wants to be around me so he can annoy me but I don’t understand the appeal in that like why is that so entertaining like go play your fucking video games if you’re bored I do. 
I should also mention this kid is extremely spoiled and has never been disciplined because he’s the youngest and my parents don’t believe in like disciplining at all not even grounding my parents are just like oh yeah if he’s doing something bad then whoever is the victim can fucking deal with him themselves it’s not our problem.
So obviously I’m wondering do any of you have similar experiences and if so how do I get under this kids skin so much that he doesn’t want to hang out with me just as much as I don’t want to hang out with him like how do I be that annoying horrible sibling because it’s like when I roast him or do the stuff that he does to me it doesn’t affect him.