A short tale for you growing artists, from a seventeen year old filmmaker. Since I was a kid, I dedicated my life into trying to become a creative (You know, drawings, videos.. photos etc), following my father and great grandfather's lead.

When I was really small, like 8 or so, a dear friend of mine showed me what Youtube and internet was, what and how people did on it, and as it used to be back then, out biggest dream was to become a YouTuber.

He, a nerdy teen (4 years older than me), quickly teached me how to make videos, basic stuff with a really bad programm.

We started to make videos, more and more everyday, sometimes even 6 Minecraft gameplay per day... Don't get me wrong, they were absolute garbage, no edited linux recorded clips on a potato PC.

Years passed and I opened my own channel, getting more and more interested and learning how to do it properly, slowly moving away from gameplays and focusing on more original and creative concepts.

He stopped making videos, he grew old and started following the passion of mechanic and pc building, but I kept going on.

One day, during one of my father's art installations, I met a man who asked my father a commercial for his wife famous ice cream shop. He refused since he wasn't really able, but said that maybe I could give it a try and see if I could do a good work.

I did it, and everyone loved it. People were so happy that I did it, had many views and was also showed on a big sign as I was promised. That started it all: the big boost of self-confidence that made me wanting to follow my dream.

Shortly after, came the decision of what high school should I have attended... After a long thinking, I refused the idea of the scientific based school and went to an art school, and then specialize in cinema and multimedia.

Not going to tell you how amazing that school was for me, how it changed my life, would be too long and boring.

I was really happy. Met several creative minds, met the best teachers of the school with my commercial as a sample of my skill (at least that's what they told me).

In the meantime I made another commerical, for my grandfather's store, wich wasn't as good. To be precise, probably no one else I did was as good.

To make it short... Two years passed, and finally I came to my specialization.

Unfortunately the old class had to be split, and that was an hard thing to smelt for me, but trying to get on with the new one, everything went bad.

That was finally the year were I was going to do laboratories, and study cinema and everything amazing! But wasn't as I expected.

At the start of the year, our teacher, the one I already met, the favorite even from other specializations students, felt bad and missed for 5 months.

The new teacher who arrived wasn't as good and my enthusiasm went straight down.

After these times of indecision, rethinking, I made other commercials, which as always people loved.

Finally the teacher came back, we started making crazy stuff, exciting sets and things but... I wasn't liking it. I felt so stressed, so afraid of my failure and afraid that people didn't like my work.

For all these years I was raised with compliments, amazing comments on my work and now every time I was so afraid of failing.

I was destroyed, by the school's schedules and classes, but a good result was starting to show... I was so tired of the teacher telling me everything I did was perfect even before I did it, making me the leader and helping him with the lessons.

Then... Covid came.

Soon school closed and all projects, that we worked hard on, were abandoned.

Again, like a few months before, the dream of doing a school were I chase my dream was gone..

We started making videos at home, on our own. Everyone used phones, while I used professional gear I already bought... I wasn't happy, because even if I told my teacher I wanted to improve and everything was useful, he kept telling me everytime I was already able to do this and again making me feel "too much, too perfect".

I was no longer liking making videos, no longer enjoying my work and considering them pretty bad, while everyone was loving them, but I gave all fault to the covid and his illness, so I said this year I wanted to try again.

We got back on track, we started in a weird way by doing presence rotations in class, but we soon started learning the writing part of the work, the most important one.

These were things (also the ones before) that I didn't know, so I felt a bit more relaxed, mixing well with the class.

Then some sad things happened to me, nothing too worring, but that got me pretty down, wich with the covid and low confidence situation made me feel even worst.

The next project I was going to work on would have been the most important one for me, where I put all my heart and soul in: I wrote it, shaped the look, tried the audio, I was ready. This was the time, the time were I could finally do the things everyone told me my school would let me do.

I just needed 2 minutes of clips recorded at school, then I could continue on my own at home... When everything was ready, boom... Lockdown again.

I had to stop with my project, so close to resume the dream I was following and stopped one year before.

Once again this makes me rethink my chose of becoming a creative, I struggle, while all my mates and friends keep going on shaping their projects.

You may think: "if you really want to do something, you just find the way to do it", but I recently discovered I don't have enough willpower to keep going on with my ideas and this makes me too weak for this branch of society, the artists.

I'm nothing like my father or great grandfather, where this one found a way of painting even if bombs were falling on his house...

If I really can give an advice to you all younger than me, don't really have the right to tell the older ones, who wants to become musicians, painters, videomakers or whatever "creative" passion you have, be strong and go straight forward to the point, really don't give a damn about people opinions, either good or bad, just do the things you like and if you don't see them going well keep going on, you'll improve.

I did the opposite, and this shaped my way of thinking, letting me see the world as a constant judgment court.

I'll keep trying following my dream, improving my character in these trying times, but please follow your dreams.