This is not self pity. So I read the rules and found out I can tell in what kind of a place I live in as long as I don't disclose any names sooo I will now be providing a layout of my house, I won't be providing the city name for obvious reasons. With that out of the way let's begin. 
My house has three floors, on the bottom floor live my grandparents(+my grandfather's sister), on the middle there's my family and finally on the top floor there's my widow aunt with her three kids. There are three people on the bottom floor, four in the middle and four on the top. So eleven people in total. 
The bottom floor has the most rooms, five to be exact, but they're not too big you probably could clear all of them in under a minute by just walking. The kitchen and the living room don't have a wall in between them because the kitchen is so tiny you could walk across it in two steps. The bath/washroom is the same size as the kitchen. Then there are two rooms just for relaxing and storing clothes. There is also an open air room right at the entrance(my father parks his motorcycle there).
Moving on to the next floor, there are four rooms here. The kitchen is a little bigger but you could probably cross it in four to five steps. We also have a room filled with random bullshit, for example, there is a dining table(which we never use), a bed on which my brother sleeps, an ironing table and a bookshelve but you could still cross it in under ten steps. Now we have the main bedroom in it there is a Cable T. V., a desk, a tall wooden thing in which you store clothes, a whiteboard, an over-sized swing and a King(?) sized bed. I sleep on the bed alongside my mother and father. Then we have the bath/washroom it on the opposite end of the room there is commode(its drain doesn't work so you have to fill a bucket then dump that water in the commde to flush it), in the center there is a tap with a bucket under it and above the tap is a showerhead(you move the bucket asode to have shower), then as soon as you enter there is washing basin on your right hand side, and there is a mirror on the right wall that stops just before the commode. Overall it it would take 2 minutes to walk over all walkable places here. 
Lastly, the top floor there four rooms here the kitchen and living room are connected, the bedroom is to hard to traverse because of the giant size of the bed compared to the room, there is a bathroom(even smaller than the middle one) and a place which you can use to look at the rest of the world(there is a “room” like this in the middle too) 
Overall it is very comfortable but a little cramped. 
If you have questions about my family ask in the comments(names will not be disclosed).