Im bored. here's the last 10 messages I got in my inbox. Usernames will not be shown for reasons.

No tampering of original messages allowed, unless for censoring purposes..

Now, for the messages

1. Ok

2.  Its a theory with principal exponents being Vladimir Ivanovich Vernadsky and Pierre Teilhard de Chardin. It was developed further by different people too.

Vernadsky defined the noosphere as the sphere of mind. As the biosphere can affect the geosphere the Noosphere the biosphere so if humans can access the Noosphere can transmute elements at will. It passed into the game as the anomalies and artifacts.

The other part of the theory is Chardin's. For Chardin it is the realm of thoughts and of the Holy spirit and all will end on the Omega point, all of the thought in universe will be unoficated in God . This passed to the game as the common consiusness and "the group"'s attempts to eliminate evil things from human nature and make their "full automated communism" as I like to call it.

For the nature of the theory it is rejected by both orthodox scientist and Ortodox Christianity (including Catholic, Ortodox and Protestant churches) even tho recent Catholic Popes have been looking to it as the reconsoliation of religion and science

Some books about it:

P Teilhard de Chardin, The Phenomenon of Man

Vernadsky, Vladimir Ivanovich: Scientific Thought as a Planetary Phenomenon

Vernadsky, Vladimir, Some Words on the Noosphere

Levit, Georgy S.: The Biosphere and the Noosphere Theories of V.I. Vernadsky and P. Teilhard de Chardin

note: the books are difficult to understand at least for me and what I understand it's not that different from the Noosphere from our beloved games

3.  yum 

4.  Damn straight brother, appreciate the work of the people who helped contain Chernobyl more since I've been watching the mini-series. 

5.  No problem man, don't thank me, thank my grandma. She is the one that taught me that 

6.  \*Insert username here\*liked your submission so much that they've given it the Silver Award.

As a reward, you get a silvery medal on your submission... and that's it.

7.  if those block eletrical signals, maybe it has something to do with the emp device? 

8.  Yasssssss 

9.  It's a mountain sign because the little image on it, is someone hiking. 

10.  gargle salt water (not from the ocean)