I condemned a girl to six months of pain Hey Reddit, so something I did a while ago has resurfaced and started haunting me once more.

So back in March, a 2 or 3 weeks before social distancing began, we were playing basketball on PE class. I don't really like basketball so I could opt out, but some of the PE grade is determined by participation so I didn't want to lose anything.

So fast forward to when we were playing, and I see an opportunity to run and take the ball, so I do that. A girl does the same. We were about the same distance to the ball, so we bumped into each other when we got to it. I stumbled a little, she fell and hit her knee. You see, I'm quite tall, so when something like this happens I'm not the one who eats shit. Not the first time this happens, but oh well, it's probably nothing. She doesn't get up and starts doing the Peter Griffin knee thing. Suddenly, everyone in the court surrounds her, everyone gets to know what happened, some of my colleagues make fun of me, and she is then taken out of the court, limping.

Needless to say I felt like absolute shit. I was able to apologize personally and she told me it wasn't my fault and I shouldn't worry about what happened, but I couldn't help but feel bad for the rest of the day. It was a Friday so I was fully expecting her to make a full recovery over the weekend. I had hit my knee before and it really does hurt, but in a couple days it was over.

Well, on Monday she comes in with fucking stilts. She had gone to the hospital over the weekend and they put metal pins in her knee. Because I fucking bumped into someone, they had to go through a
s u r g I c a l    f u c k i n g    p r o c e d u r e .
Holy fuck I just wanted to dissolve into a fine mist and leave. She kept wearing the stilts and the knee-immobilizer thing until social distancing began. It made me calm down a little because then I would see her that much, I was afraid she resented me for what had happened, and on multiple occasions I saw some of her closer friends making fun of me.

Well, skip to today, 6 months after the incident. During PE class (yes, we're somehow having virtual PE classes), she mentions to the teacher that soon she will be going through, well, you guessed it,
a n o t h e r   f u c k i n g   s u r g e r y .
My immediate reaction was to just end the call and contemplate the colossal size of my fuck-up. Like did I really just fucking condemn her to 6 months of pain, and being semi-disabled? Like I don't know how she is now, don't know if she still has pins on her knee or if she has to walk with stilts, no idea about that.

I just feel like shit again.