My girlfriend is always hurt/upset with me So me and her have been dating since March (around the beginning of quarantine where I live) and things were really fun and exciting at first. I still love her just the same but I’m so exhausted because there’s always something that has hurt her. Whenever we get past one problem, there’s another one and it seems like there’s no end to it. 

She doesn’t notice all of the caring gestures and things I do for her, and if she does then my mistakes mean more to her. She wants me to always verbalize my emotions towards her or else she doesn’t feel appreciated or cared for. I’ve never cheated, lied or done anything to intentionally hurt her. She knows this yet she still gets so insecure around me and doesn’t trust me. I tell her that her feelings are valid because they are, but even though she feels so strongly about these things, a lot of the time it’s not even something I would normally consider an issue.

I apologize and try my best to make up for wrong things I’ve said or for not being as responsive as I used to be, and I still continue to show my love and care for her even if it’s not entirely verbal. She doesn’t really care and gets upset or hurt by things we’ve already discussed.. she takes out her frustration with her family out on me sometimes too and will go dry in text and sometimes won’t say “I love you” back.

It’s really making me sad because this is the girl I wanted to marry and grow old with, and I still do want all of that. It’s just that she apologizes for things and then continues to do them. I feel under-appreciated and disrespected a lot by her actions and words sometimes, and so I get defensive even when we don’t argue (which I regret). I’m trying to open up to her after a long period of depression, and even tho I told her about these feelings she didn’t support me very much through it and instead took it personally.

I don’t want to break up with her, I don’t want to lose her. This is just so much for me and my heart and I always feel like the bad guy :( I just want to be happy with her and I can’t change my past. I can’t control my depressive episodes and I’m doing my best, it just isn’t enough and I even sometimes get compared to others..

What do you guys think? I’m so lost and idk if I’m wrong for going through sm in my head