I did something stupid. Again. Stuff like this just keeps happening and I don't know what to do.

So recently I've decided to start talking to other redditors that need advice or someone to talk to. I was really enjoying it and glad I could help. My "happiness" got to me, so I decided to make a post on this subreddit about being available to chat anytime.

Well let's just say I kind of, well, got too into it. I called myself a therapist in the post and said some other things that I'm not going to say here because it makes me feel so stupid. Some guy pointed this out and that's when reality got to me and I deleted the post and told everyone to pretend it never happened. I'm also considering deleting my latest comments and pretend I never posted them, but I'll let you look at my profile and be the judge. I just wanted to help people and took it too far and now I feel stupid for thinking I could help these people. The same fate may meet this post if someone points it out.

I feel like an idiot. I don't know how to explain it, but similar situations just keeps happening. Saddest part is that I got really close to u/AdOk1236 and u/Moose1237 and now I don't know if I can keep helping them, or if I helped them at all.

I'm also going to mention that I'm autistic. I don't understand how humans work, and therefor have been alone all my life, and that creates a paradox. I also suffer from bipolar disorder and am constantly switching between "happy and ignorant" or "depressed and aware". 30 minutes ago I was happy to help other people, now I'm questioning my entire life. I don't know what to do. I feel like this will just keep happening until the consequences get so bad it ruins my life. I don't want to be that guy who invests lots of money in a revolutionary business idea only to realize that it's useless. I don't want to be that rich CEO who attempts to do something that I thought would change the world. I don't even know why I'm writing this post, but I've wrote it so I may as well post it. Worst thing that could happen is that someone points out how dumb this post is and I delete it and pretend it never happened.

I want advice. I want help. I want someone to see this post that has the same problem. I don't know what to expect in the comments but I hope it helps. I just don't know

TL;DR: I am constantly making stupid decisions without realizing it and I'm afraid this could ruin my life