Need some serious advice on a relationship. Very long story but a good read. Right, where to begin. It was the end of year 7 and we have this end of school concert thing. Me and my class arrive and I sit next to my best friend with some girls (A and B) on the other side. now, the girls ask me to swap with my best friend because one of them (A) has a crush on him but I knew he didn't like her so I said no. The girls get mad but its whatever. 

Later that night the other girl (B) messages me to apologise and it's the start of an amazing friendship. We are friends for about 6 months and then try dating. It doesn't go well so we end it but we stay friends. Around the end of year 8, we get into some arguments and just start drifting. 

Around the end of year 9, she messages me saying she's been having a hard time and I'm there for her. We become close again and it's like nothing ever changed. I catch feelings for her around December but never tell her as she thought she was a lesbian. I admit my feelings for her but we both know it can't happen. 

Now, around April, she gets a girlfriend, pretty boring person and she later told me the relationship was pretty dead. I'm pretty crushed by this as its confirmation of her sexuality and she's like a dream girl to me. Around the end of May, we start to have those late night discussions and stuff taking about feelings you know. she mentions how we would be a great couple if she was straight or bi. this conversation carries over a couple of days until she admits she thinks she is bi but doesn't want to come out to her family again as she has already told them she is lesbian. I say she needs to be honest with them as they are very accepting and she agrees. 

She also admits feelings for me and I didn't want her to break up with her girlfriend for me because I don't think that's fair but she wants to and it happens. The relationship is amazing, slow at first but it speeds up and we date for a solid 2 and a half months during the summer, basically one of those dream summer relationships. 

This is where it turns sour. I go on holiday around August 1st, basically our 2 month anniversary and everything is fine however I do get suspicious as she is getting very close with my best friend (E). I get a little paranoid but try not to think about it.

While I am on holiday, we talk loads and she tells me she loves me. I take some time and eventually tell her I feel the same and when I got back from holiday, we had an amazing couple of days together before I went to see my grandparents. When I am there, she now wants to Skype call WITH my best friend instead of just us. I reluctantly agree as my best friend was short on friends. She starts to get more distant and breaks up with me when I get back. I am crushed by it as she gives no apparent reason and a hate starts to grow in me because of it.

In the final week of summer, I ask to met up with her as friends along with my best friend and some mutual friends. It all goes well but my ex seems to be getting very close with my best friend so I privately ask her if they're dating and she says no. 

She eventually tells me they are and then the hate is set in stone. I find new friends and complete block off my ex and my ex best friend.

She eventually breaks up with my ex best friend around December but finds a new boyfriend soon enough. 

Around March, they break up as well. Now, she messages me around the start of summer saying she wants to get close again and be friends. I agree mostly because I'm horny to be honest. We start chatting and after a few days she tells me the full truth. While I was at my grandparents, my best friend invited her and a mutual friend to a sleepover. When the mutual friend fell asleep, he would sexually assault her so she couldn't scream. I am fucking mortified and all my hatred towards the 2 of them is directed all towards my ex best friend. 

We stay friends for a couple of weeks and meet up a couple of times and I feel myself falling for her for the THIRD time. I ask her out but she says she's not ready for a relationship. Turns out, the relationship she got into after my ex best friend was ridiculously toxic and controlling so she wasn't feeling it. I'm fine with it and I move on.

Eventually, she stops talking to me as much so I see the signs and just stop messaging her but I feel really bad about it. She has always had a hard time, she cuts herself, struggles from anxiety and depression, her parents got divorced recently etc. However she has put me through my fair share of shit and she has lied to me on many occasions. I always feel like I have prioritised her over myself so I tried to switch it around but now I just feel guilty. Any advice?