How bad IS Tik Tok??? Pt. 1 Well that’s what I’m trying to figure out. Think of this as, well, a scientific test!!! As a 14 year old girl who DOES have tik tok, and has for a while, my tastes has shaped my account into what I like viewing, as I already had accounts I knew I wanted to follow. But, what IS it like for newcomers who go in the app in my age range? What I’ve decided to do, is over the course of many days I will go onto a new tiktok account I’ve created today, and veiw the first 24 tik told recommended to me that day, and sort them into 8 categories, which I will explain here, which are based off of the first videos I have seen today. (Note, I am NOT liking any videos, only saving them to see the end results) and here are the categories. 1. Dancing vids. One of the things that people in Reddit criticize tik tok for the most. 2. Pranks. No reason, just feel like it’s a good one to have. 3. Animal videos. Mainly, I saw a lot of them today, and if I’m correct, that trend should continue 4. Meme/jokes, as they are important to internet culture everywhere. 5. Artsy things. It’s the side of tik tok my main account is on, so I would like to see how many artsy tik told the new viewer is recommended. 6. Weird/random. Stuff that tried to be funny, or out there, or stuff I can’t categorize. 7. Famous tik tok “hotties” another thing people on Reddit criticize a lot. 8. Cool stuff. Tho my S like parkour, crushing stuff, things I personally think are cool. Any categories to add would be great!!! And now, for today’s results, from order of the least amount that showed up, to the most:
1. Famous Tik tok “hotties” (it was Bella poarch)
2. 3-way tie: cool stuff/weirdrandom/pranks, all with 2
3. Artsy things (3 of them)
4. Dancing vids (there were 4, and when I mean dancing vids, I mean videos that have the theme of dancing in them)
And last but DEFINITELY not least, today’s Winner is... (drum roll please) Animal videos, with the highest number clocking in at 7!!! I will post an update tomorrow, and if you have any helpful tips, please comment, lol!