This is a two.5 part rant that's generally surrounded by my height (1/2.5) I am on taller side for a women. I'm really not *that* tall but, I'm 5'9 (177cm) but, I live in an area where girls are just typically shorter. My tallest female friend is 5'5 but, other than her most of them are between 5 ft to 5'3. On top of this, I'm not skinny like at all. I would say I'm fat but, in reality I'm just not toned and kinda chubby. So, I was talking about by cloths and it's hard enough as it is to buy cloths in person but, online it's even worse. Long story short, while I was talking to my friend we spoke about our sizes and sizing in general. She's a size typically a size 4 and I'm typically a size 10. In the moment I felt huge. I got used to being with her since she's a really close friend and I see her often but, she is 5ft (5'1 on a good day). In a group of people I hate being significantly taller, which might explain why I have so many male friends but, I keep having to remind myself that I'm 3/4 of a foot taller than her. I hate feeling huge like I'm forever going to be this height and that's never going to change but, I am very feminine and I find myself often struggling to be seen as feminine.

(2/2.5) This brings me to the second point which is the reflection of my perceived self and how that affects my romantic relationships. My friends made a joke where I'm so hyper feminine I just don't register as feminine and to an extent that is true. I am very much what people call a bruh girl. And in that part I love it. I can make friends regardless gender (leaning towards guys typically but, that's just by chance) and it's really helpful to be personable when you meet a guy and you're trying to reap the "benefits" since you kinda understand how they generally like to be approached with that topic. A problem only arises when I don't want to be seen as a friend at all, when i want to be seen as a girl, a dateable girl. It's rare but, it's happened before. (Like one time really three if we're counting grains of rice too)

(2.5/2.5) On this one specific occasion, there was a guy I was really into and whenever we were together with people (stranger, acquaintance, friends) there was often an allusion to us as a couple. Except, he never was like "ugh her ew never" it was always a "we're not together" or "haha she's not my girl". There was this one time we were just talking but, it was in a mildly compromising position and when someone commented something on the lines of "stop making out" he didn't even say anything, I did. Now I just find it funny how many people commented on us being a couple but, it's kinda of weird to think about.