How to get friends [tutorial] First of all: be yourself, I know this sounds lame, but it’s true; never change yourself to be friends with people you don’t like.

Also this guide is for extro- and introverted people.


Real advice here:

1. Connect with old friends (if you have them).

You probably have at least one old friend from your younger childhood years, or maybe from a few years ago. Add them on Instagram or any other way you like, and just ask them to come over! Watch a movie or do something you like. Maybe play a game.

Connecting with old friends maybe the best thing I have ever done, I remember the first time seeing an old friend again. It was kinda akward for the first 10-15 minutes, but(t) it ended awesome.

I even got introduced in his friend group, awesome people.


2. Play sports!

If you have the oppertunity to join a club at school or join a soccer team, do it. You will meet new people instantly, and even if you dont make new friends. New social skills will be learned, and when you do sports, you will build muscles!!

I noticed that at the boy- or girlscout are the most social people and have the tightest friendships. It is also really easy to make friends at the scouts.

When I joined one 6 years ago, I was really scared for meeting my group, but it was great since the start.

Also you will learn some really usefull skills and the adventures will make good stories.


3. Download Instagram and Snapchat

I know Instagram bad, Reddit good  - but Instagram and Snapchat really help to stay connected.

3a Instagram:
Post some cool pictures from time to time and see pictures of other people. Hitting the follow button literally takes 0 effort and could have 100 impact.

When you meet cool teenagers, you could ask for their IG and stay connected.

You can chat in DM with interesting people and ask to hang out - this worked for me!

3b Snapchat:

Do streaks!
React to snaps or stories you liked! This will start conversations and you can ask - or be asked - naturally to hang out sometimes!



4. Online Gaming with people you know in real life.

If you are a gamer, and have another gamer in your school, or just somebody you know. You could play online games to become friends.

It is not that hard to get yourself a Minecraft server and call another gamer to play with.

If you like you could ask to even have a sleepover where you see each other in real life. Play your favorite games the whole night and eat some chips.


5. Just ask.

Open Whatsapp - send a Whatsapp to someone you know, ‘can you hangout today?’.

At worst they say no.

6. Don’t smell bad
7. Brush you teeth
8. Dress how you like, but take care of yourself.
9. Be yourself! When I started high-school, I tried to act cool, and I become friends with the popular guys. Then I did some self reflection and realised I didn’t even like them that well.
10. Pm me if you have any questions