I am a walking, talking, breathing meme at my school tl;dr: I’m a meme at my school.

It’s interesting, really. I don’t know how EXACTLY how I got there, but I think it was something I should of seen coming.

Last year I decided to run for my class’ SGA president. I thought it would be cool to pass out stickers that had my name and a cool slogan on it. I also thought it would be cool to have different designs... maybe one for each day of the week. Now before I continue, keep in mind that this is when the whole ‘Thanos infinity stone’ meme was a thing. My name is already similar to Thanos (first four letters are the same) so people saw the stickers as collectables like the infinity stones and how people were asking for all five. From that point on, I kinda memed myself into a corner.

Every so often I will see a sticker either on someone’s binder or thermos. It’s actually pretty funny. Someone stuck a sticker on the lunch line in the cafeteria... and it’s still there a year and a half later. I think it will probably still be there when I graduate Senior year.

Anyways back to my original point, being a meme. It’s weird, because it makes it virtually impossible to have a normal conversation with someone without bringing up something funny that happened to me and by the next day... basically everyone in my class knows what happened. 

For example, yesterday for 7th period algebra, we were supposed to be doing a quiz review for a quiz today, but what actually happened was the follows:
I go into my bag to find my packet which has the review attached. I find a periodic table that I accidentally stole from 4th period. It’s this bright yellow sheet of paper so someone immediately notices it and says to me:

“Isn’t this like the 5th time now you’ve accidentally stole [Insert teacher name here]’s periodic table?”
“Yes.”
“How is it possible to accidentally steal this bright yellow sheet of paper?”
“...Honestly? I don’t know.”

By this point everyone in the classroom was laughing at the fact that this was the 5th time that this has happened.

Me: “Actually I think it’s because I use my book bag as a filing cabinet without dividers, and when the bell rings I just grab all the papers on my desk without thinking and shove them in.”

Someone else: “Do you even have a binder?”

“Well yes... but I haven’t used it since like the first week of school.”
*proceeds to pull out giant ass 4 inch binder filled to the brim with blank notebook paper*
“Ah here it is.”

At this point someone asked me to just give them my in organized MESS of papers.
“Why?”
“Just give me them.”
*proceeds to pull out an empty folder with page protectors*
“...You do realize I can sort this myself right?”
“Yes. It would just make me feel better if it was sorted right now.”

Meanwhile basically everyone was cracking jokes about the stolen periodic table and of how full my binder was of blank notebook paper. And the laughing. I couldn’t breathe for some of it because it was too funny.

This is when the teacher, who was very chill with the situation and trying to mind her own business looks at me and says:
“How many YEARS of paper is just in there?”
“4.”
“Do you have a place for your school supplies at home?”
“Yes.”
“You do realize you don’t need that much notebook paper right?”
“No.”
Ok, [insert my name here], hold that paper. Feel it. Does it bring you joy?”

I start laughing so. Freaking. Hard.

“No, it doesn’t bring me joy.”

The teacher, while also laughing: “Ok then. Tomorrow, I want you to come to school with that paper not in your book bag. I don’t care where you put it just keep it out of your backpack!”

Meanwhile the person hands me back her folder with my stuff in it.
“Here. I organized everything according to subject. I don’t care if you have a girly folder, just keep it.”
“Thank you. I will give the folder back tomorrow with all my stuff in it, I promise,” because I felt bad for her having to organize my crap. Least I can do is give her back her folder.

Meanwhile someone says randomly: “Is Reddit karma a cryptocurrency?”

That has been a long running joke for the past two weeks if you want more info just ask me.

That pushed me over the edge. I was crying in laughter because the whole scene was so damn funny.

...and yep that about sums up the entire 45-minute period. I can’t tell you how funny that day was in text... you would just have to be there. Anyways fast forward to today and basically everyone in my class knows what happened. It’s just funny more than anything.

If anything came from yesterday it’s that I don’t feel like I’m carrying the world on my back.

Anyways... if you’ve read this far. Congrats? What took me an hour to write probably took you five minutes to read. And I hope you laughed. If anyone has any similar stories feel free to share them! I would love to hear them.

P.S. on the off chance this gets to hot and someone sees this from my school... just come up and ask me. More than likely it probably is me.

Also before you ask yes... this actually happened. I know it seems like this isn’t true but the entire reason it’s funny is because it is xD.