I put down my first animal and I’m not sure how exactly i feel about it. Okay so i have had a cat since it was just a little kitten, and it was cute and happy but one day i came home to find the kitten really really wounded the details are rather graphic so im not gonna go into detail but it was a head injury. We were able to keep him alive and nurse him back to health for a little while and everything was fine other than he acted differently, while he used to be playful he became distant once he reached i think a year of age, he was fully grown and had become completely reliant on us. Once he grew up he could no longer open his jaw to eat, so the only thing we could feed him was milk. We tried lots of things but the only thing he was able to eat was milk. 

I thought he was fine for a time but he began to slowly degrade, he couldn’t clean himself so he was often in poor hygene and we could not get him in the bath to save our lives, even with gloves we just couldn’t get him in. So he got dirty often and he always looked.. just terrible no matter what we did. But mostly at night is when hed show how grateful he was because he would constantly crawl on me and ask for attention and hed sleep with me any day he could.

All the cat wanted was for us to love him. 

Eventually he.. started getting worse though. He couldn’t eat at all not even milk and he couldn’t even open his mouth in the slightest anymore.. im not sure how but he had gotten his tounge stuck outside of his mouth and he couldnt pull it back in. He was biteing down on his tounge hurting himself to death and day after day it got worse.

Yesterday i noticed  he had now had his entire tounge out of his mouth and was biting down on it so hard he was dripping blood.. it was at that moment i realized exactly how much he was suffering. 

I know the cat loved us.. but i also know he was suffering and i knew that for a fact when i took him outside and pointed the gun at him. 

The cat didn’t flinch a bit, he sat still and gave me a perfectly clear shot. I fired once and missed because.. frankly I didn’t aim i just assumed it would hit him because he was so close. But even when i fired the shot and it went beside him, he didnt really move, he moved to a different spot but he didnt flinch at the sound, at the impact, he did not move. 

The second shot i fired i made sure to shoot him clean in the head, and the cat just accepted his fate.. i buryed him the spot i shot him at. I hope my cat is resting in peice. For what its worth.. i did love the little guy regardless of his disabilitys.