Anyone got any fighting tips? There’s a kid at my school who probably hates me (I’ll give a bit of back story later). The way he handles stress is by fighting people and since he’s mad at me he’s probably gonna try to fight me. If you guys have any tips on how I can protect myself I’d be pretty happy. Now for the back story... I started dating this girl (we’ll call her Rose) in March. She was absolutely perfect in every way. It took two or three months but I fell in love with her and I told her that. A month after I told her she broke up with me. She said she really really loves me as a friend and she was scared that if she did break up with me soon we might ruin our relationship and she was terrified of that. We ended up being great friends again. A few weeks later, one of my friends, one of the boys (we’ll call him Dave), started dating her. I was kinda mad at him for breaking bro code but as long as Rose was happy I was fine with it. A few weeks later, Dave texted me. He said “do you want her?” Immediately I was a bit on edge cuz he made it sound like he thought of her as an object. I told him that I wasn’t sure cuz I love her but I love her a lot more as a friend. Then he said “we’ll she’s not talking to me, so if you want her you can have her.” I was really confused here because, WHY THE HELL WHOULD ANYONE WANT TO TELL ANOTHER GUY TO HAVE THEIR GF. ESPECIALLY A GIRL LIKE ROSE. I decided to ask Rose how her and Dave were getting along. She said they were doing great and asked why. I showed her a screenshot of the texts he sent me, and after talking to him about it for a while she broke up with him. After that he started “yelling” (just writing in all caps” at me on text saying that I was stupid for telling her and that it was my fault they weren’t together anymore. Now he hates me (I know that cuz Rose showed me a text from him saying that he hates me. Idk why she still talks to him, but she can do what she want ig) 
Tl;dr: one of my “friends” was talking about his gf/one of my best friends, like she was an object. I sent her the screenshots and they broke up. Now I want some tips on how to fight cu odds are he’ll punch me