I have a teacher who literally can't teach. This has made me get really mad over the fact that i have an F in this class. I'm usually an A-B student, i try when i need to but not really any other specific moments. But this teacher, oh my god this has made me get so frustrated over everything. I have a teacher in AP Physics, who cannot teach. I just cant get over this, I have only had an F once in my life, but i consistently would get an F even if i tried. I tried the first quarter, and ended up getting an F. 2nd quarter my mental health was slipping, so i did as much as i could, got a 32. I've stopped. I honestly just can't anymore. She literally just sits there acting like she's gone over things, and has NEVER gone over a single thing. Barely anyone in the class understands anything, and it's not just because it's an AP class. I've been in an AP class multiple times in my life, and have at least gotten a B every quarter, though i typically have consistently had an A. She literally expects us to answer a question, but then, is SURPRISED when nobody answers even though she never teaches. There is one person who understands it, and that person i suspect has a tutor or has something going on because nobody else in the class understands anything. She has never taught us an equation, yet expects us all to solve an equation perfectly with no mistakes. I legitimately cannot anymore. This is making me so frustrated at everything, due to the fact the school system prevents you from doing part time school with a job in order to make money. I want to make money to start saving for college, and for other things relating to my hobbies, and to get work experience. But of course, you need to pass physics before you can, for whatever reason. Due to the fact that i have a teacher that cannot teach, i have to sacrifice my potential to get a job for a decent amount of hours without feeling extremely tired at the end of the day from school and a job, and i am going to have to retake physics on my senior year on top of that. All because they wouldn't let me switch classes even though i specifically requested to TWICE. I told them, and they've even had a lot of complaints about the teacher themselves, but cant switch due to some rule put in. I won't blame the counselor, they were just doing their job, but i cant fathom why they can't switch me, even though i've proven to be a relatively good student outside of AP Physics, showing it is odd for me to get anything lower than a B. I'm going to specifically request to not have that teacher, and i hope they listen to that request, because i do not want to ever deal with this teacher again.