Ok you won’t believe what my school just did. They PAID this guy to come in to speak to our high school.  (I go to a Christian school for context). Here are some of the points this speaker made:

1. “Every one of you in this room is depressed.” He said that word for word. Like, I’m not depressed at all, but dang that’s offensive to those who are actually depressed. Being sad for a second is not being depressed.

2. “Boys and Girls should not be friends.” He said to avoid temptation, boys should not be friends with girls. And they should NOT ride in the same car together, and you also should ride in a car with the same gender if they’re older than you.

3. “You will never be the strongest, the smartest, the cutest, etc. and you will never make it in life” There wasn’t even a But. He just said we were never gonna make it in life and changed the subject.

4. “If you were to die in a car crash tomorrow, odds are, nobody would care. Nobody would probably go to your funeral. Yeah, your parents might be sad for a bit, but they probably won’t even skip a meal for you.” WHAT THE ACTUAL HECK!!! Imagine being depressed and hearing this. Imagine thinking about suicide and hearing this. Do you realize how awful this is. He didn’t even use it to prove a point, he just said it!

5. “If you listen to music, it is literal garbage. The only music that is not garbage is Worship music. Cleanse your playlist by downloading all the worship music that you can, cause all other music is garbage.” ...no. I mean of course there is garbage music (cough Cardi B cough), but that doesn’t mean all music is garbage. I honestly can’t just sit and vibe to gospel music, does that make me a bad person?

6. “That girl in the back, yeah her, she didn’t give me a fist bump in the hallway today.” Okay first of all, that girl was known to be depressed. Second, you just finished talking about how she was worthless and nobody would care if she died. Third of all, you’re getting upset because a 15 year old girl didn’t give you a fist bump. Here’s the thing though, when he said that, everyone applauded the girl and it was hilarious cause he was like “why are you cheering for her” it’s safe to say that nobody liked the speaker.

7. There was a lot of smaller points that I can’t remember but there was a lot more. 

I was FUMING after this. Like you’re seriously coming and saying this to a group of 13-18 year olds and getting away with it??? 

If you have any questions or want me to elaborate more on a point or whatever, leave a comment.