Tired of my parents (mostly dad)  

Some background info on me (F) before we get into it: I am a teenager in an Asian and White household and my dad's (Asian) views concerning grades, modestly, morals , etc have rubbed off on my mom (White).

Also I know this isn't even bad and people have it way worse but here we go.

Okay so I have recently realized just how controlling my parents, especially my dad, have been on me, and how fucked up my home life really is.

My dad has some absolutely ridiculous rules when it comes to me. Some of them are that I can't wear crop tops, short shorts, or anything too "revealing", no makeup or piercings (even on ears), screen time at 9:30, no going out with friends for over 3 hours, and that's just a few. This bothers me so much because I'm in HIGH SCHOOL, not kindergarten, so I should be able to wear what I want or be on my phone past 9:30. Their rules are completely bullshit and I've made it apparent to them that I think that way. Both of my parents call me a slut or sleazy. My dad is threatening me if I don't comply or agree with him, but he won't tell me what he's going to do. I'm pretty sure he's going to stop spending money on me and make me fend for myself. I feel like I live in a dictatorship. Hell, I might as well start calling him "supreme leader" or some shit.

They won't let me get a job unless it's a fancy internship because they don't want me to think that a fast food job all I'm capable of.

My dad was the child of immigrants and they were poor and he uses that as an excuse to make me feel bad and he wants my childhood to be equally as bad as his. He's the only parent that doesn't want their child's life to be better than theirs. H says "you should get used to disappointment because that's all I had when I was a kid."

I don't want to blame this on race, but I really do think it's because of that. One thing I am allowed to do (surprisingly) is date, and even then my dad is not happy that I am. He thinks that all men are creepy perverts, which is obviously not true, so he's very weary of my boyfriend.

Another thing that is contributing to my anger is that my parents have a loveless marriage and they've fought every day since I can remember. My dad tells me to go to hell and tell my mom to go die. They stay together because they can't afford a divorce and my mom wouldn't be able to survive on her own because she can't work. My dad uses his money as a way to make my mom feel bad about herself because she left her job when I was born.

Honestly the way this is going my dad should start picking out which nursing home he wants because there's no way I'm taking care of a fucker who controls me like this.