What's cookin', good lookin'? I need to know how to be interesting. I believe I have so many of these incredible, unimaginably complex and thought-provoking ideas inside my mind. To put it simply: How do I get information from my brain, into another human's (not inherently my girlfriend, but inherently my girlfriend because I have extreme anxiety of being boring) brain? Our relationship is over text and call, at the moment. I know we're both interested in the same things, and I know I can make in depth, amazing conversations but how? How would I start one? How do I keep her interested? How necessary is humor? 

No, I'm not posting this on r/relationshipadvice. I'm posting this here because I'm a teen, and I feel most comfortable having people I could likely become friends with answer these questions. 

Truly, I've had anxiety over something my entire life. From the Earth crashing into the sun (I'm not dumb, I promise) to poison in my food. Now, I've conquered my petty anxieties, and I'm not sure, but I believe I'm on the final boss. Jester Anxiety. I've taken the liberty of naming it this, because jesters were expendable comedians. Made to be interesting, and create humor. That's exactly how I feel whenever I talk to her. My relationship is at stake if I don't make her laugh. I feel like I'm squeezing at sand trying to make water come out with the humor I actually do produce. It's so forced and unnatural. I truly, really believe that if I can overcome this, the relationship should be smooth-sailing. I've been trying, I've even told her about it. Despite her telling me she enjoys my company no matter what, my anxiety convinces me otherwise. I've always overanalyzed, even subconsciously. Analyzing every little detail of every little thing. Now, thank you for attending, honestly. If you did, that truly means something to me, and I'll be trying to respond as much as I can. 



I'm unfamiliar with posting on Reddit, I mostly use it for entertainment. So, if my post gets taken down I understand. Merely the fact that people will see this shakes me to my core. Side note: if you want to DM me about this, please understand that I will probably feel very guilty for making you do that. Though, feel free to if you really care that much, I'd love to talk. 

I'm a guy by the way. Crazy, I know.