I feel like I have no privacy on the internet. TLDR;  My dad is able to see almost everything I'm doing on my Ipod

This situation started when I was texting my friend when all of a sudden I saw that she was saving audio stuff from a week ago, and it said I was to.  Both of us  weren't doing it because A.) It's such a dumb thing to save, we both forgot about them, and B.) We would be texting when it happened.  I doubt she would've went back a week before and save all the audio where I jokingly called her a poopy head.  And I remembered, my dad is able to see anything we do on the internet basically.  Which is very concerning because I don't want my dad to see what I look at because it doesn't matter to him at all.  I'm not looking for drugs or any weird shit.  I'm usually just scrolling through reddit.  At dinner yesterday, I brought it up with him and I asked if we was for some reason saving the messages. (I know it's a weird thing to ask but that's the last thing I could think of.)  He said no, which I'm still feeling suspicious about, but then he had to go and add he could see all of my text messages without even going through my phone!  Like wtf dude, that's really fucking creepy and a violation of my privacy.  But he keeps using the dumbass response "You don't get privacy until you're out of the house"  Like ok dude, I also can't have a smartphone like everybody else at my school AND I can't do stuff without the thought of my dad seeing it.  I have to use an Ipod touch and a slider phone which I never take anywhere because I feel embarrassed.  He even enabled ask permission, even though I feel like we shouldn't have to use it because I'm 14 and my brother is almost 16, so we're not gonna do anything bad.  He doesn't like social media so maybe that's why.  Even if I save up my money to buy a phone, I'll probably won't be able to use it, and I don't really know why, he thinks since he's my dad he doesn't have to give me a reason why I can't have a phone?  It's legit an Ipod but I can use it anywhere.  It's so dumb and I feel like I can't do anything by myself.  


I just wanna quickly say that my parents aren't terrible people, they're really amazing and I love them.  I just find this really stupid and I had to vent about it.