I HATE MY PARENTS AND MY GRANDMA Today was a bad day for me, I would say the worst day in the past two years. First of all I have Indian parents, I always thought that people exaggerated the stereotypical asian parents, but boi i was proven wrong today.

I got the results for my finals today and I was more than happy with what I got (68%) but I knew my parents wouldn't be happy with it.

Long story short when I told them about them my marks they called a massive failure and told me I'm gonna do worse the next year, they said I wont get into a single college and in their eyes I barely passed the exam, they said I wont even get any \*degrading job\* and told me to give up on my dreams.

I couldn't believe their response and worst of all my granny was also supporting them. I thought I would cry right there but I controlled myself and right after my granny went to the next room I heard her call someone and tell them my marks. This broke me and I was starting to tear up so I got up went to my room and I listened to some upbeat music to cheer me up but then my parents commanded me to return to them and they said they didn't allow me to leave but I ignored them. The only reason this got to me was cause they never scolded me for my marks ever before.

At this point I was just trying not to cry, I'm the type of person who's emotional but never cries. I never cry during tv shows, anime or movies. Then our maid came to check in on me, this took me over the edge cause my parents or my gradma couldn't bother to do this or they told her to check in on me. I asked her to leave and the floodgates were open, I lied face down on my bed and didn't wanna talk to anyone then slowly my dad and grandma came into my room and said something (I legit don't remember) then my sister came and she didn't say a single word and just slowly patted my back, then I slept for like 3 hours and while I was typing this my father came back from the gym and kinda apologized to me I'm saying this cause I'm not sure if its a guilt trap or an apology.