Boys, i need advice (or girls, idk) So I'm a girl. I have a guy friend. When we first met, we were pretty good friends. We joked together, and i had a crush on him for a little while (not anymore), but never told him. We kept being good friends thoughout the school year. Then quarentine happened. We texted eachother often, and even did zoom calls with just the two of us or us and one of his friends. He would send me videos of what he was doing (grilling, walking around his house, sitting in his bed, yadayada) and I would text back responses. But as quarentine went on, he started to take a while to respond, to the point where i would text him, no response, and then i would text him a week later and get a response 30 minutes later. Eventually he just stopped texting back all together. I figured he was just bussy. A week before school started, we called eachother to see if we had any classes together (we dont) and that was it. Occasionally we'd text before/after school, but he never really engages in a conversation. I would tell him something, and he'd just keep the response short (yes, no, k, cool, etc). Last week I went on trip to Mexico, and I wanted to talk to him because i was bored. He did his usual short responses. I apologized in case i was being annoying, and he never responded. Today was my 1st day back, and I felt lile he was avoiding me? We passed eachother in the halls a few times, and we would make eye contact, i would smile (a little hard to see with the masks, but you could still tell i was smiling), and he just look away. No reaction, no emotion. Nothing. 

We had a small conversation a little bit ago, and he gave out actual responses. Thats the most we've talked in weeks


I think that what he doesnt realise is how much of a friend he is to me. He helped me though some stuff (read my past posts for a little more input) and he was really nice to me. I see him, and i wanna talk to him. I want to tell him how my day was, how stressed I am, ask him how he is, let him vent to me. He makes me really happy, and when we talk i instantly feel happier. I want to talk to him so badly, and i want him to talk to me. But with the way hes been lately, its hard.


Sorry for such a long post