It’s not that I’m sad, I’m just not happy. 

Ever since Covid-19 started and we had to stay indoors and go out less my mood has been steadily declining. 
In the beginning it was actually fine. I maintained a healthily life style that consisted with school from home followed by playing Minecraft with my friend from my old school and then going for a long stroll ( I live in a small village so I have large fields and forests to wander to near my house). With this routine I wasn’t happy but it kept me from going crazy. After about a week since school got closed due to covid I went to meet with a friend of mine. I wanted to meet with her to “do the school work together” but it was really because I had a long crush on her and she showed a sign that it was mutual. After we actually did the school work we went out for a stroll and a joint. We set by the river, looking at each other. I felt that this is it, we are going to kiss. But as always, I chickened and nothing happened. Later that day when I’m home she made the first move and we confessed our feelings to each other and then just like that, we were together. My first girlfriend. A couple days later a lockdown begun. Technically we could still see each other but me and my parents were a bit scared of covid so we couldn’t meet. We talked every night on the phone and it was kind of a long distance relationship even tho we are a 15 minutes drive from each other. After about two months everything started to slowly re-open and she came to my place. I expected that we would finally kiss after two months of waiting but when we were in my room and I leaned to kiss her she didn’t want to. Later we just called a friend of ours and we went to a picnic. After that I felt her feelings for me decline and a month later, when schools were re-opening and we could meet properly, she broke up with me. She said that she is not sure if herself and that she doesn’t love me that way anymore. About two weeks after the breakup she writes me some messages in the middle of the might suggesting she wants to get back together but it was just what she felt in the moment and not representing her truly. After a couple more weeks I’ve decided that I’m done with locking Down my feeling and I’m going to tell her how I felt since the breakup. How I never stoped loving her. In the one time I didn’t chicken, it was no use. She told me again that she is not ready for a relationship and that she doesn’t love me that way. And now, two months later, I still love her and wonder, were did I go wrong? Maybe I wasn’t present enough? Maybe I did not love her enough when we were together?
Ever since I wasn’t really sad, I just wasn’t happy.

Thank you if you read all the way through. Those thoughts were a burden on my heart for way too long. I never told anyone all of those details about this story. Heck, I didn’t even tell too many people it happened and how it ended.