Lost (not dead) my childhood best friend today. Today, I think I lost my best friend. I just want to rant here so please listen to my story.
I am turning 19 this may and going to college in september. I only have a few months left till I am out of my teenage life. I never felt crying because of my friends but today I am realising that the dream that we had when we 10 that we will be best friends forever and together take on the world is utter bullshit. I never felt this sad. So here has what happened.
P( I am reffering to him as this) and I have been friends as long as I remember. The thing is I cant remember time when we were not friends. He is more brother to me than my own real brother. In past two years in preparation for  college we bacame distant but we regularly called and hang out. During covid he was the only person I called . I live with my parents and all the frustration of living at home and college I talked to him. We are part of a whats app group . it has 8 of us middle school friends . we all 8 were gonna be friends for life and we were up until now. I don’t talk much in group because I am a little busy but I regularly read all the conversations and fun we have there. Lately he also has been busy with his  college papers so I am calling more often than him . he also talks more frequent in group. 

We had decided than in may we would visit a couple of places that are on the outskirts of my city . that is a palace and couple of a beautiful sites. We always wanted to go there but didn’t had the time. 
Today apparently the group decided to visit and have a reunion . they planned in the group and visited it. I saw the instagram photos and was so shocked. I opened the group and saw the planning. Every person who wanted to go was talking there. They thought I was busy and dint even called me to see. Not even him. 

The main part that hurts is that I always have been kind of forfront of this group. I was the class president,I helped every one of them . I created the group . i was the one who threw a reunion on my last birthday so that evryone can meet. 
I know this sounds cheesy but this fucking hurts. I am probably gonna quit the whole group and let them carry on. I need some positive friends in life. 
The covid has made it worse. I have been stuck in my house taking online classes and no friends because of it. If any one of you can give me something positive that would be appreciated. Thanks for reading my rant.