Massive rant about a nice guy and the most awkward guy I knew This happened around January to March (When quaratine started). Let me set the scene, I'm a 16 year old girl, but I look like I'm 12 becuase I'm 4'11 (about 150 cms), I have some close friends, but not many.

I had known this kid in my history class for a while, he's your stereotypical dorky kid, a little awkward, but probably just a phase. He's also rather short (around 5'2 I think), he's also a freshman and 15 years old. Fast forward to January when I catch feelings for this boy (Probably since he gave me any kind of positive attention without blowing off my rude exterior). 

I tell my friends, and they want to meet him. I invited him to my friend group, where he ended up getting along extremely well. We all thought this would be a one time thing, however he keeps showing up; We don't really care, we just wonder where his friend group is. One day I'm texting him and this question pops up, he tells me he isn't that close to his friend group, and that's why he's with us. I don't think much of it, since he was kinda awkward and more feminine than other guys. I want him to play this game I really like, which he barely plays any of, and he tells me it's cause he's busy. (I realized he was lying and just didn't like the genre of the game, but I kept quiet)

Fast forward a few weeks, I'm hanging out with one of my other friends at the mall, getting ready to go to her house to play video games. I get a text from my crush, she asks me what I want from this. I tell her I don't really care when he finds out, I'm just too scared to say so myself. (I'm someone who gets over crushes very easily once I've been rejected, then I get another crush months to a year later) She and I decide that it would be better for her to just tell him I like him, because I want to be able to get over this as soon as possible.

Next week he's texting me every day, sometimes kinda creepy good morning texts, same time every day. Next thing I know he's also completed the game I asked him to play in a weekend. I ask him what he thought about it, exticed to have someone to talk about it to. I then quickly realize talking to him, he took the most minimal route to beat the game, missing out on more than half the game. I asked him why he would take the shortest way. He then turns on me to say that he took out a massive chunk of his weekend for this, and how stressed he felt from all his work, and that it was my fault he was feeling like that. 

It didn't take me long after to realize why he played the game, he didn't have a change of heart, he just wanted me to like him more. I soon then learn why he isn't connected to his friend group that much. He tells me, "even though I help people with their problems, right after they ditch me". By this point I'd realized, he's a nice guy. Somehow it got worse, between this revelation he'd told my other friend that he'd caught feelings for me, only after learning I might be into him. He also told her that the other reason he liked me, was becuase I was one of the few people shorter than him.

I end up trying to appear like I'm not into him, when I'm around my friend group, I talk about which video game characters I think are the cutest/hottest, which girls in the school I think are cute (I'm bi if you couldn't guess). One day, I'm feeling sick so I stay home and go to sleep earlier. I wake up in the morning to him confessing his feelings to me and annoyingly asking why I hadn't responded. I end up telling him that I'm just not into him, not telling him the anymore part of it. 

My friend group expect him to end up leaving, since I had rejected  him. Nope. He then got a crush on one of my friends becuase he saw her as "easier", she's not outspoken in any situation and comes off as very soft to people who don't know her that well. She wasn't into him because of how quickly he jumped ship from me to her. At this point he then starts to insert himself into any situation he can.

When my friends all planned to hang out and play Don't Starve Together, he asked to go along. We all said yes to not hurt his feelings, when we do meet up, all he does is play music and games on his phone. When we got bored of the game, me and him then played Pokemon Showdown together, I end up sweeping the floor with him multiple times. Rather than making a joke or anything, he then claims he kept on miss clicking, and had bad luck.

Eventually, he tells my friend he like her, she rejects him, only to still hang around us for no apparent reason. At this point we've all realized he's only tried to get along with all of us to get in me and my friend's pants. We try to distance ourselves from him by only talking about stuff he can't butt into. It doesnt work. He finally picked up on it when we started to take refuge in a classroom, after we told him that he might be along better with people in his grade.

Tl:dr don't do stuff for a girl to get her to like you or becuase she likes you, we all know immediately