Does anyone else get shit from your parents because of your large appetite as a teenage boy (or girl?) For context, my appetite has been like this since I was around 14-15, I'm 16 now. I don't know exactly, but based on my most recent measurements (a fair while ago), I'm around 5'8-9" and 120 pounds so pretty average. I haven't gained much weight in the past couple years actually, despite my large appetite. My diet isn't horrible but it's not "healthy" either, I do eat a fair amount of junk food, often because there generally isn't much to eat around the house outside of the meals that we bring home or that my mom cooks. After that, there can be leftovers which I eat occasionally but sometimes I don't feel like eating them or straight up don't like them. I don't have a lot to work with either since i usually just have a bit of spare change so all I can really get is junk food.

In recent times we've been trying to save money for reasons that are mostly irrelevant to this story. Because of this my mom is cooking food (fairly healthy food mind you, she mostly cooks vegetarian food) for us almost everyday, but there's not much in the way of "snacks" unless she happens to buy fruit, otherwise my only other options are to scarf down 4-6 slices of toast &amp; jam or eat a big ass bowl of cornflakes, both of which if I did in my parents' view, I would be told/lectured not to do so.

Either way, my parents have expressed their apparent disbelief in my appetite. My dad has said in the past that I eat this much out of habit not out of actually being hungry. Basically, my appetite isn't justified because I'm not an active person at all ("Do you burn more calories?") and my older brother has never had my appetite. 

To paint a picture, I can eat 2-3 times as much as my brother and parents, depending on the circumstances. Clearly, my metabolism's putting in the work as I'm not gaining weight abnormally, I'm not getting fat or anything. I don't have an eating disorder and am not worried about getting one.

A point my dad has brought up which may be valid is I won't have this metabolism when I get older, which is true, but I also believe that my appetite is a natural part of my teenage growth, and as such, will naturally go down as I get older. Apparently me eating more than 2 slices of toast &amp; jam is too much "sugar on sugar" and that I'm "shocking my pancreas", I think that's a bit...extreme.

I'm not asking for advice so much as I'm asking for reassurance, I've always read online that this is normal but I want to hear from other, actual people like me.