My little brother is a freaking brainwashed idiot who can barely think for himself My brother will believe literally any word his dad or our mom says, even if it's false. Our neocon, paganist psuedo-"Christian" household has officially turned into a '[big lie](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_lie)' scheme. He is advised to always hang out with the "smart kids" and put the other kids down (and even lie about being bullied, and tattletale, both behind my back), even though my mom and biological dad ***never*** would have put me into a situation like this 12 years ago when I was in the same grade (as my brother now by the same mom and *his* biological dad).

This is not to say that I "hate" my brother. I love and will protect my brother to the fullest. Hopefully he will read through this article I posted as he gets older (I will surprise him on his 18th or 21st birthday). The freaking funny ass thing is that my brother, while in the third grade, DESPITE being a general ed student, has the motor skills of a kindergartner or first grader. When I was in the third grade (and I was in special ed during my entire K-12 era), I had the motor skills of a fifth or sixth grader thanks to my smart father (even my mother was sane back then). Unfortunately, my mom has went downhill since marrying my stepdad.

My stepdad is the most illogical and unusual person I have ever dealt with in my life. He is the stereotypical business manager, but his mentality is that of a mid-level high schooler (10th or 11th grader) -- which means officially, I am more mature than my stepdad. He is not raising my brother with individualistic values (like my dad did with me, despite being religious). Instead, my stepdad is rotting my brother with his cult-driven fundamentalistic and collectivistic values, *"rules for thee, but not for me."* My brother's parents are completely different animals (no pun intended); Mom is the good cop, and his dad is the bad cop.

My brother was given different responses by his parents. Our mom allows him to have both tamales, and his dad allows him to have just one (or one and a half?). I heard my brother ask our mom if he could eat the "second" tamale, and she said yeah, but when his dad walked next to the computer desk he was asked how many he had; he answered while he feared, "..one and a half?" He asked if he could have the other half, and he was asked if he wants to save it for later and was told that's enough after that. I tried to explain to my brother the fallacy of logic between his parents, and he told me not to worry about him or them.

To make matters worse, my Armenian family worships freed Black slaves and Black civil rights activists despite those people having been known to disobey authority (i.e. police, slave owners, etc.). Without lawbreakers like Martin Luther King, Rosa Parks, Harriet Tubman, and I think even Frederick Douglass, White politicians wouldn't give rights to people like them.