I just realized how much the american school system sucks Some background: I am or more accurately was a very nerdy geeky kid, I still am, but I'm less inclined to do schoolwork, read books, etc. compared to even last or two years ago when I read the entire lord of the rings trilogy in a month and read an entire book almost daily. Now I pretty much just wallow in self pity wanting to kill myself.

So basically I was big smart now I have the big sad. I am also a boy scout, random but will make sense a bit later. I spend most of my day playing video games such as Pokemon, HOTS, Overwatch, etc. and will do my schoolwork but only the bare minimum.

For most of my life I have seen people crapping on the american school system, but I thought it was a bit exaggerated, I mean I was doing just fine and was soaking up everything they were telling me. Then high school came. I am now a sophomore (second year) in high school and am in all advanced courses and have one AP class under my belt working on another. I feel that I am dumber than I went into high school. Especially in math which was my best subject because schools teach to either the dumb students or the average students. this meant that I was unable to get to classes where I should be because the classes I'm allowed to take are all focusing on stuff I learned YEARS ago.

So I turned to gaming and doing the minimum, I now look like a slacker and all my friends either moved on or went to other high schools. I have probably two or three actual people I can call friends and even they are growing more distant. I don't have the social skills to make more friends anymore and the only group in my school that I like is the ACTUALLY smart kids and since I'm now a slacker I couldn't be a part even if I wanted to.

This led to me being very depressed. I wanted to kill myself either from stabbing myself with one of my knives or ODing on my acne meds (oh yeah acne another reason for me to hate myself). This started to change for the better last week when I got my life rank in boyscouts. For those who don't know how BSA ranks work, there are a series of ranks: scout, tenderfoot, 2nd class, first class, star, life, Eagle. And I had wanted to be eagle since I joined cubscouts about 10 years ago. Earning life reignited that passion and made me want to finally take that last long step to eagle. I started thinking about what I needed to do to finish my merit badges, what I could do for my project, etc. I was very much less depressed and not wanting to kill myself.

Then this morning I woke up and all of that motivation for living was gone. I had to get ready for school and I realized how much I hated that. I wanted to kill myself then and there. I just don't want to go on. My only reasons to live are to go for eagle and video games. And I can't even really turn to video games because my mom hates video games, she is the person that blames everyone's problems on screens. And I can't talk to her about school because she went to law school and didn't have these problems. I know I have people to talk to, but I feel like I can't

Thank you for making it this far through that rambly mess. This post was just to vent.