So like mom cheats on dad right? Am I supposed to be feeling some type of emotion right now cause it honestly feels like I could careless. Before I start talking lemme just say that I understand to a degree why. Matter of fact I thought she was going to leave him back when I was in middle school. (I’m sixteen, junior in high school) 

Since the day I can remember my Dad was verbally and physically abusive, but not so much with me because I was the youngest (I’ve got three siblings). And of course I never let myself forget that and beat myself up for it, which probably is why I’m pretty fxcked up.

I always blamed her a little bit for never sticking up for us, but eventually I realized it was because she was scared of him too. At some point within the last two years, I didn’t know it, but she hit her breaking point with him.

Remember that.

Now my Dad, whom I still love and care about regardless, had a traumatic experience to say the least and ever since he’s mellowed out. He doesn’t seem to remember the traumatic childhood experiences we had with him, and doesn’t yell anymore. He actually apologizes if he gets too loud. He hasn’t hit any of us in years and I was skeptical at first but it’s been a while so I can safely say he’s changed.

But because my mom hit her breaking point already I guess she hasn’t forgiven him as I have yet. She doesn’t trust him or something and I guess she doesn’t love him anymore either.

She found somebody else and my Dad is the one who found the messages between my mom and some new guy.

This new guy hit her up after her Dad’s (my grandfather’s) funeral sometime in the last few months. He’s an ex from a long time ago who I also learned is a con man because he keeps asking her to send him money.

My Dad didn’t yell or get aggressive when he found out, but I could tell he was hurt. He hadn’t eaten for days before telling us, and tried to make it seem like nothing was wrong. He only asked whether she was staying and working through it with him or going with the other guy. She still hasn’t given a response, but then again it’s only been a day.

Now today’s Thanksgiving and everything is awkward as fxck. I don’t feel like I’m sad or angry, just uncomfortable and hungry. 

Should I be feeling something? I have a problem with processing emotions sometimes so maybe it’s just an overload and the pain will come eventually. But as of right now, I just feel weird. I don’t want to be in a room with either of them, but I also want turkey.