A fun time to be a student in Greece Since the beginning of the school year in Greece I think it was on 14th of Semptember there was a LOT of conflict against the safety against covid in all the schools across the country . The masks the ministry gave the students were ridiculously large and could easily cover someone's entire face with it. Don't even have to mention the size comparison for preschoolers . That was one misstep of the minister of education of Greece. Ms Kerameus. Secondly the students myself included were put 20-26 students in a freaking rathole arse classroom easily 3-4 meters wide. We were made to have these useless masks on for 2 hours straight (it might sound bad but that's not the worst thing) .
The schools were not cleaned properly as a result for us students to be rightfully so feared for the safety of the ones we have home , the elderly.

So students decided to act up all over the country and broke in the schools changed the locks and started a "lock up" or "infiltration" on their schools . Preventing from anyone getting in and have the standard subjects . AKA no school . As the minister acknowledged the situation decided not to even try at least and fix the situation that b*tch threatened us!
She said that if we do not open our schools we would be forced to have online classes and those who participate in the " lock ups " would be blacklisted from joining and thus getting an "absence"(how this works is that if you have 170 absences you have to repeat the grade , 1 school hour = 1 absence if you are ... absent)

The sad fact is that a lot of dumbass parents think of her to be right thus "attacking" students into forcing their school open and usually resulting in physical violence .
But some of our teachers are plain Chads and totally agree with the students demands, for less students per class and obeying the safety steps , thus not ratting their own students out with "absences"

TL:DR the minister of education in Greece is a fascist and a stupid individual resulting in many students to close their schools