First time messaging her and I think it looks weird. I added my crush on Snapchat a few days ago. I have liked her for 3 years but it was just a little crush, since September last year my feelings have became stronger for her and my crush on her is quite big. 

We don't really talk in school, and my best friend is almost like my wingman because they talk all the time so I just get involved in their conversations. But we never speak just us two. 

Anyway, I click on the page to message her. This is my first time messaging her and I'm feeling a bit nervous. And what do I do? Write my message in the chat bar and then screenshot it and debate whether I send it (looking back I have no idea why I did this, if I was going to debate I could have done it a completely different way).

You might think, "That's not bad!" oh, but it is. It's Snapchat, the first thing see she's when she clicks on my name is "Antony screenshotted the chat!" 😑

I thought that I can't just leave that there because that's awkward, I'll just have to send the message. So I send, "Hey, Got any good Netflix recommendations?"

Then I sent, "I screenshot a notification and it appeared on here because it was on this page 😅" Then I thought that that is the most unbelievable thing I can say about that, so I deleted the message. Completely forgetting that it appears that I have deleted a message.

It appears and I freak out again. I send," I accidentally screenshot before I sent the message, sorry 😅" and left the chat.

The last thing I noticed was that she doesn't even have me added, so I sent these messages and she won't receive them until she adds me back. So when she adds me (assuming she does when we get back to school in 2 weeks), she'll get hit with all that.


TDLR: Accidentally screenshot before I sent a message to my crush, and it shows when you screenshot. I panic and send a message, then delete it because it sounded too weird, realised that it also shows when you delete a chat, send a final message and then realise she doesn't even have me added as friend.

Can anyone help me?