My relationship with my dad is permanently fucked due to aspergers. Let me explain... Whenever I did anything bad as a child that warranted a parent giving out to me, it was always my dad who did it because my mum never seemed to have the heart for it. 

I enjoy videogames quite a lot (Titanfall 2 and Terraria are my current favourites), but my dad was always the opposite of supportive of it. In his mind there's a dichotomy where you either play videogames or you have a social life, and there's no compromise. This is obviously not the case, the reason I had a pitiful social life was because of my undiagnosed aspergers, but he was convinced it was because I enjoyed playing lego fucking batman on the wii when I was like nine. Because of this, there was always a lot of shame associated with playing videogames and my dad knowing about it. There still is, to an extent, but I'm much better at dealing with it now, since I actually have a social life and my dad no longer has any leverage against me playing. 

Hell, even when I was diagnosed with aspergers, ADHD, and anxiety my dad was somewhat reluctant to agree with me taking medication for the latter two. But he does have a homeopath sister, so I suppose we can cut him some slack for being anti-medicine. Thank goodness my mum has some sense! 

I do have fond memories of getting diagnosed with aspergers and anxiety, then excitedly saying to my dad, "I knew it! I told you so! I told you something was wrong with me!" 

Then all the way from 1st year to 3rd year (at the end of 3rd year in Ireland there's a state test called the junior cert based on all the work from the pervious three years, 3rd year is done at the age of 15) my dad was asking me *ridiculously often* "Did you do any study today?" and "are you going to do study today?" as well as asking to test me on whatever I'd studied. Studying was a massive source of stress for me, and things got so bad that I was having actual nightmares, where the scary part was my dad asking me about study. 3rd year was a year of intervention for me, because I was truly going down a dark path in terms of mental health. I was shutting myself in the bathroom at school just to relieve myself of the anxiety, I would play games on my phone in there just to help calm me down (and of course I can never open up about that since my dad would just use it as anti-screen fuel), and if the teacher found i was missing from class for too long, they'd alert the principal and he would call my parents, then they would call me and ask me to come out of the bathroom. My parents got me a lot of help that year, and for that I'm grateful. I still take medication for anxiety and ADHD to this day, and don't see myself stopping any time soon. Anyway, my dad stopped pressing me about study so much because *my counsellor told him to.* 

This shouldn't be interpreted as me being spiteful towards my dad, he was an absolute tryhard when he did his junior cert (which he often brought up to justify pressuring me) and I'm his first child, so he still had a lot to learn at that point. 


As a result of all this, the very sound of my dad's voice in the present day still always puts me on the brink of a sensory overload. I'm now 17, and even in regular day-to-day conversations his voice just stresses me the hell out. The worst is when he asks me in the morning, "do you have a plan for today?", because it triggers flashbacks to when that sentence meant only one thing (study), but in the present he actually just wants to know if I'm going to cut the grass or something. His very presence also makes me feel like I'm being judged.