Can people stop acting like "You're just a kid" isn't a valid point Now obviously this doesn't apply if you're actually an adult on this sub. But if your under 18 (and no being 14, almost 15, and having 16 year old online friends, who know some 17 year olds and that's basically 18. Doesn't make you 18. Come tf on) and think this point is dumb. Listen up

For starters. Yes sometimes it is a dumb argument. If it's just a simple question your parents or something ask and you 100% know the answer to and they don't listen to you because "You're just a kid" Yeah that's dumb

But it is a valid point in a lot of things. For example: two adults fighting over adult things. Don't act like you know what's going on. You likely straight up don't. Or have a very basic understanding of it. Them saying "you're just a kid. Stay out of this" is a very fucking valid point. They don't want your hormonal ass acting like you know everything about the world.

And don't try to act all tough when you don't ask an adult for help for school or something. I'm at that age now where my school is constantly talking about future careers and stuff. I don't have a clue about any of it. Because I'm just a kid. However, adults with more life experience do know about it. 

So if your school sends out a form saying some shit and ends with them saying something along the lines of "Please discuss this with your parent/legal guardian" Don't just think to yourself "Pfft. I'm basically an adult at this point. I can do it myself" You can't. You're 15 and don't know how to hold a conversation with someone for longer than a minute. You're just a kid.

Also don't act like you're an adult because you went on 4chan once and "saw the world how it really is. Most adults don't know about this" You went on 4chan. Saw the n word once, pissed yourself and never went on it again. Don't lie. Or you go onto 18+ Discord servers and act like you know what everyone is talking about. You're just a kid. You know barely anything about the real world. This goes for me too. I know that I know jack shit about being an adult. And it's ok. Because I'm still a kid. We don't know much about the real world, we don't know much about taxes and shit and we don't know what tf adults do be talking about half of the time. Because we're just kids. And like it or not, Most adults won't listen to us because of it. And it makes sense


Tl:dr: We're all dopey hormonal kids that know jack shit