Does she like me I like her somewhat Ok for context. She has been in my class this whole year we always said high and that’s about it. Then yesterday she hadn’t been in the class for a week and I was walking by I had so many thoughts she was standing at some tables alone. I walked by she was on her phone and when I was almost too class I turned around and walked back there. She did not notice me walk by either time I turned around once she was out of view and turned around and approached her table because we knew each other’s names and always said hi but we weren’t friends per say. She seems very surprised to see me. I start talking to her my brain rushing everywhere I was very awkward. She seem better composed but she was still slightly awkward we were talking about how I picked her to do something in the class but she wasn’t there and I figured I was pressing my luck so when I got to the end of the hallway I said well it was nice talking to you and I asked what class she had she had a class on the way to mine so she my class is this way so we stayed by each other and just talked about the huge test tomorrow which I will describe for the next day. My period next period intersected by her but she didn’t notice me and that was the I saw her yesterday.


Today was the day of the ACT it’s another version of the SAT test and our last names are very close so we were assigned to the same room I walked in she walked in I said hi she said hi. Then at the break in the middle of the test I left the room without thinking about her got a granola bar and some water and sat on the floor. She ate her food over like 40 ft away and then she started walking over to me I was watching her with my peripheral vision and she said hi I said hi and she was like talking about the test and I stood up and leaned against the wall she walked over to where I was facing. We talked casually about the test and we were enjoying talkingand unfortunately the break was over by then so we walked back into the class and finished the test uneventful and I was getting my phone out of the backpack and she was by me Uncoincidentally this wasn’t planned and I don’t think she did either. We started talking about the science section and stuff then we were walking out of the hallway and one of her teachers walked by and she was like I will see you later and I was like I can wait I have no friends and it’s nice talking to you. The teacher couldn’t talk and I was like I guess I don’t have to wait  and we were talking about how it was so bright and just kind of walked for like a minute or so and we both stop and she was like I got to go return my library book and I did not want to go on further because I was testing my luck walking already. She was like I’ll see you in 2 weeks and I was like why she said she was going to Disneyworld and I was like omg I went like 2 months ago it was so fun. Asked her what parks. Gave her advice on what to ride and she waved bye while she walked away but she seemed rushed to go I said bye she went and returned her book and I just stayed away then I sat down and that teacher from earlier and they talked I know she saw me but didn’t come over and walked and talked with her gfs I walked down the hallways because I had to piss. She didn’t see me and I tried listening but couldn’t hear anything and I went and she was gone I walked by to go talk to a teacher and I see her leaving the school before I could ask her when she was leaving for Disney world. 


Anyways do you think she likes me?