I don't mean to offend anyone. Don't take this the wrong way. But let people believe in the stuff they want to believe. When I say this, I mean religion. I know there's some good apples and some bad apples in every religion. Even atheist have some good apples and some bad apples. But some of those bad apples in those religions are just rotten. 

You see it alot in the internet when someone is talking about religion. Those toxic ass motherfuckers. 

When someone comments about religion on the internet, one of three things can happen. It gets ignored, it can start a good conversation, or it turns into a warzone. A really toxic warzone. 

I'm not gonna exclude just one religion, since there's toxic people from all of them. But holy hell is it terrible when the third one happens. 

You got the toxic atheist saying shit like, "Oh stop believing in fairy tales you motherfucker. They don't exist you fucking degenerate." Like oh my God you really don't care huh. You just don't like that there that religion, and you want to fucking kill em. 

And then you got you're toxic christian/any other religion wishing that they die and that they go to eternal damnation if they believe in that and that even there deity won't forgive them if they believe in that. I understand that there's many religions with many different beliefs, but it usually just comes down to that. 

Oh my God you don't have to get erratic about everything and wish death upon them or shatter there fucking beliefs. Seriously just accept that there's many different religions and that beliefs. Don't tie em up and shove shit down their throats. Embrace that people have different beliefs. That's what makes us special. 

I will say that there are some very good atheists, christians, muslims, jews, everything. There are some very good people in the world, but it's the toxic ones that are the problem. They're the ones that stir up shit and make a mess. They're the ones that put a bad face on whatever they are. 

I hope I didn't offend anyone. Believe in what you want to believe. No one's stopping you. As long as it doesn't hurt or kill people, it's completely fine. But please, don't fucking stir up shit and flame each other.

Had to get this out of my system. It's probably gonna be a very controversial post. But I hope it isn't.