So guess who just got a breakup Well, just is an understatement. It's been 1 month and 4 days, but, who's counting? He dumped me through text. He was talking to my online fried about me and was asked if he still liked me. So he said, and this is a direct quote, "used to, but now I'm bi, so I have a different group of people to like." Five seconds later, a screenshot of their conversation was sent to me by him. I played dumb at first, thinking he meant me to see the "I'm bi" part rather than the "used to like her" portion. I guess I thought he was too good to tell me he was over me so cruelly. In the end, I gave in and saw what I was meant to see. But by then, my natural reflexes to hide my emotions had kicked in, and I pretended that I didn't give a damn. But I did. And I still do.

To be honest, I can't quite work out how I feel about this. My emotions range from "we're mature 13-year-old so we can get through this and become stronger together", to "I know it's weird to be around him, but you can still be civilised", to "go die you fucking bastard who's far too chicken to be worth my time". Around him, I put on a fake front, smile, laugh, act like I don't care, but inside it hurts to see him happier without me. I guess the fact of life is that I miss him.

I miss his quirky, geeky personality and his obsession with all things medical. I miss how he was tried to fit into the crowd and yet managed to be so entirely unique and special. I miss the way he would do anything to cheer me up, miss his ability to make me laugh in a split second, miss how he would make me feel like the only person in the world who mattered. I miss our long talks, the way I was the first person he approached when faced with any problem and vice-versa. Most of all, I miss the trust we had in each other. He was my best friend. And now barely a proper sentence passes between us each day.

It's been more than a month since I got dumped and I know I'm over him. Yet, I still feel hollow inside, like part of me is missing. My friends tell me he's not worth it, that he's trash and I should move on. But I still defend him because we're friends, right?

I don't know if feeling this way is normal, and I don't know if what I did in terms of hiding my emotions was right. All I know is I want my best friend back, but I want him to be happy. I don't need him to like me or love me, just please, treat me as a friend. 

I'm sorry to whoever who reads this in new, I just felt like typing this out, seeking advice, or just a listening ear. If you read this, thanks for hearing me out :)