How do I go on? I don't know who is reading this, but I appreciate you taking the time to do so because this is pretty long.

I'm really exhausted today. I'm extremely done with life and with people. Actually, today in particular was a disaster. 

My dad and I are not close. He's extremely narcissistic and entitled. He believes the world revolves around him and he is very toxic. He verbally abuses my stepmom, sister, and me constantly. He smashes things when he's angry, especially when things don't go his way and sometimes I'm scared to be in my own house. Quarantine has taken a huge toll on my mental health because I am stuck in this household. 

Although I have always stayed out of his way over the years, this time his abuse got even worse, especially toward me. My bio mom and he are divorced because she went off with his best friend and basically whored around. I no longer keep in contact with her and don't consider her my mother at all. This is important. 

Today, my family and I were driving around. His mood suddenly changed while we were in the car. He was comparing my sister and I to our successful cousins and then suddenly got mad that we weren't good enough. Most of his words were aimed toward me. He cussed me out and said that I was a lazy piece of shit and I never cared for family just like my mom. He said I was ugly just like her and wishes I was 18 so I could move out and never come back because he never wants to see me nor associate myself with the family ever again. One particular statement I remembered was, "Motherfucker. I don't even have the words to express myself right now. Whenever I look at you I just don't like you. You know what, I HATE YOU. That's right. I fucking hate you. Ever single fucking time I look at you." After many cuss words and aggressive comments, we finally arrived home. I went into my room and cried for at least half an hour.   


I spent years dealing with this shit. This is just a snippet of what goes on. I really want to die and I hate myself even more now. I don't want to be in this household anymore and I think my family is better off without me because maybe I am as useless as they say. Even my stepmom and sister get frustrated at me sometimes because I don't catch on to things as quick as they do and that makes me dumb (they really called me stupid and useless at times). My family hates me, man. I sat in the shower crying and I cut forearm. Now I look at my arm and remember how weak I am. I'm so close to ending it all. I refuse to call it depression or suicidal. I am nothing. My state doesn't matter because other people have it worse than me.