A rundown of the curse that is my life. 2010-2011: My dad had been a diabetic for an amount of time I don't know of. His pancreas literally exploded, somewhere around here He died 3 times on the operating table. He had to quit his job, he was bringing home $1000+ a week. 
2012 (-2013?) : around this time was the first time unwealth affected me. Some new toy came out and I wanted it. My dad responded with: "do you want that toy or do you want to eat this month?" Kind of sad, 1, I think 7 dollar toy would keep us from eating. One good thing, however, around this time we got a 401k or whatever and went to Virginia.
2013-2014: I started to become aware of the financial situation. My no good uncle, cousin, idk what he is, doesn't matter to me (no, this isn't going where you think it is) decides to force me to eat soap (not even a bar of soap, literal fucking dawn dish soap). I was 8 fucking years old. He did a lot of other things, at one point I remember sitting in my room crying, waiting for my Mom to come home. This dumbass stayed at our house, paid no rent, and never gave back $100 that he borrowed from us. I still have the Facebook post of me asking him for it. My youtube channel started around this time and it seemed so innocent... 
2015: it really started to hit hard from here... literally 2 days into the month and the $2700 that we did get was gone. Everyday forward we had to rely on friends and family members loaning us money and food drives, that literally just hand you expired food that walmart and other places gets rid of. We barely ever had anything to drink, we had water, of course. This was also the year of that one incident. The fucking choking incident. Basically my Dad got mad at me, forced me down on the bed, and had His hands on my neck. I couldn't breathe from the panic, which made me think He was choking me. By the way, I am TOTALLY against physical punishment, unlike my parent(s). To this day my Mom says I am how I am because I didn't "have my ass beat" as a kid, which I definitely did. 2016: I would have to call this year: 2020: the prequel. Nothing got better with the finances, we started having to stall the mortgage company so we weren't evicted. Somewhere around here my only friend at the time moved away. Our tradition of going to the fair was cancelled for the first time. We couldn't afford to pay the electric bill, and luckily a retired fireman helped us. I started to become more self aware. Not to be ungrateful of whatever, but when It came to other people (kids at school), I had nothing. No phone, no fancy video game consoles, however I did have a 2nd generation iPad and some laptop I got from a computer store, that my dumbass cousin/uncle whatever put a password on. 2017: I think this might have been the year my dad had his first stroke. I'm not sure. But Him being in an even worse condition didn't help us. Our financial situation did clear up the slightest bit however.  Not much I remember about this year. I got a cell phone somewhere around here.  2018: somewhere around here the 2nd stroke happened. We started not being able to pay the cable every once in a while. My mom used this as a comeback whenever we fought, which lead me to believe that she did it just to be mean, which she didn't. I think this was the year we played hide and seek with Aaron's, we had to pretend we weren't home, close the blinds, turn off the tvs, to avoid them coming and taking our furniture and my bed. Dcs/cps started nosing around us due to my sister revealing the whole choking incident to the school. I also revealed something else to the school that my mom was doing which was true, I had proof and still do. Ever since then I kept myself clean, not to be clean, but to not be taken away, I went to school, not for education, but to not be taken away. My anger was through the roof at this point. 2019: not much happened, pretty much the same as 2019, but worse i guess, my dad was in and out of the hospital pretty much every month, he missed Christmas because of this I think. I started slacking behind in school because of all this, starting in 5th grade around 2017. Oh, and also the kitchen floor started falling in, as of now there is a huge pile of blankets and shit, as well as a microwave stand that fell over. 2020: where do I fucking start. In response to the stimulus check in March, we went to Sam's club in Clarksville, which I did a video on, and my dad ended up having to go to the hospital right after we got out of the store, so I never uploaded it, we never got to go eat at a restaurant either. I think it was before 2020, but my dad was in the hospital one time and we almost gave him up for dead, he was intubated. Even with the check, we didn't last the whole month without help. Me and my sister both got bank accounts. We had to end up closing them later because 1: the irs could take the money from them at any moment, and 2: because we needed the $15 security deposits for food. I got a bike for my birthday, a nice one too, no Im not being sarcastic, unfortunately as you might know it would have stabbed me in the back later. We pretty much fought a war against verizon, some person spent $200+ on games and was charged to our bill, we had to pay that, the next month, some idiot told us we didn't owe anything and had our service shut off that month. And here comes the climax of this whole story, where that bike turned one me. I ended up falling, with my left ankle/lower leg taking the impact, breaking both of the leg bones. Of course I couldn't use crutches because of the size of my house, nowhere to use them. My mom had to wheel me to the door using a stool and I had to hop on one leg to the car. Getting back in was excruciating as fuck, I had to somehow turn around and get on the stool, my right leg being on fire (muscle Burning) the whole time. As for my dad, the 3rd stroke hit, he didn't survive it. With the pain he was in I'm a bit happy for him. My mom has witnessed a few "paranormal" events since then, he's still here, but he deserves to rest, it takes a lot to resist IT's love, whatever IT may be... I think he tried to contact me too, I was wearing wireless earbuds at the time when I went to the fridge at night for a drink, which was near where he died, a for some reason had a video playing and the audio became strongly distorted. 2021: However, even with the bereavement pay, we still barely make it a month, however we don't borrow money any more. Except for January, when the 2nd check was the only thing that saved us from needing help for helf of the month. We were going to go to Clarksville and stay at a hotel but my mom caught covid which aggravated something else. When all that went away we went, the last 2 days were boring because we couldn't shop any more because we needed to save the last couple hundred dollars we had to get through the month, which was in no way going to work. And of course a credit card company decided to take about 300$ from us without reason. We've been living off of other people since the beginning of the month, except for some ebt cards (~$400) that didn't last but 2 days, because they still haven't got it to us. And that's where I am now. One person on this subreddit that very few people care about. I'm just here to bring light to what I need to bring light to, even though no one listens... the end