I need relationship advice like honestly cause idk what to do with myself and I wanted to tell this to someone Okay so basically I (16 M) are with my (16F ) in a relationship. Yesterday I was hanging out with my female friend(15 F) which I know for years and is my good friend. She was in my house cause my parents are friends with her parents, and my parents invited hers for dinner. Obviously before she came I told my gf not to get angry or jealous cause she is just a friend. I told her taht a million times. But then when my friend arrived my gf blocked me on snapchat. I was so confused. I told that to my friend, and she thought it was because of her. I felt so embarrassed. Before my gf blocked me tho. My friend even sent a video saying" he is just my friend and I dont want to get in between you two". After my friend left my gf unblocked me on snap. I kept asking her why did she do that but she kept ignoring it. She finally said taht she was jealous of it. I knew she was going to get jealous cause I am with her for 4 months but I would never assume she would block me. I went to ask her close friends about it and they told her to not do it even but she did it anyways. Then we started to argue a lot with my gf. I asked her friend if she is getting more and more toxic to me. And then said yeah, I sent some stuff to them of what me and my gf are talking about and they said she is trying to manipulate me thinking it is my fault. The next morning, she texted me saying she is phone taken of her cause she done something. I knew she would probably do it cause she did it a lot and I didnt want her to do it. I wont say what she done cause it is not a good thing to do it to yourself. She just done a bad thing to herself. I was horrified cause she promised me to never ever do it again. Then she said she wanted a break. This is my first relationship so I really dont know what a break means??? What does this mean.it been one day without texting her and I am going crazy. Idk what to do with myself. I decided to post it here cause I really dont know what does a break mean or what do with myself.