The Lady In Black used to live in this house in the middle of no where. The drive way was 300 yards or so and it was basically un noticeable from the road because of the large pine trees that blocked it. The only thing that was able to be seen was the tall, tower like structure that just barley poked up past the tree line. The house was a faded blue that was starting to chip and mold due to age and years of water damage. But it was very large, since my parents had always made good money. We moved in when I was around 13 or 14 and I was very excited, seeing that it looked like the mansion from spiderwick. But this story isn't about goblins, ogres and fairies. Oh no, this is about something far scarier, people

One night I was home alone, it was an ordinary night for upstate new york in September. It was rainy and the wind was whistling through the porch making a very eery howl. I was listening to some lo-fi beats doing my homework up in "The spire" or my study area which is really just the tower area of the estate. The rest of my family was out at dinner with my parents friends, but seeing as I have celiac disease, my mom opted for me to stay home and not have to watch them all enjoy a delicious meal. 

I finished up the last bit of work I had and decided that I was hungry. Turning around, I could see my LED light strips glowing a bright mint green. this room was small, seeing that it was really just an attic space. But it had a bean bag chair and an old mattress that I dragged up here when we first moved in. Some nights when i would hear the voice in the closet, I would climb the stairs and sleep in the spire. It was my safe place. The only place in the house that nothing odd happened. 

Up on the wall above the mattress, was the sword my grandpa had gotten me for my birthday that year. It was relatively new since my birthday is September 10th and I think it was only the 20th or 21st. The sword had a custom leather sheath that he had made with leather wrappings around the hilt. I smiled, remembering how amazed I was when I first got it, And began to climb down the fold out rope ladder that was the only exit from the attic. When I dropped down from the ladder, I landed quietly and on my toes, I was obsessed with a book series called rangers apprentice and wanted to be a Ranger myself. I headed down the hall way with it cold, oak floor panels, my footsteps almost unaudible.  The stairs were right there which lead to the kitchen, living room and my parents bedroom. I grabbed the railing and began to step forward when suddenly I heard a woman's voice. It was soft but definitely not calming. My heart dropped, this wasn't a voice I recognized.

"Hurry up, the family will be home any minute." the women said. Then, a man's voice came "I need more time. I cant find it. The signal isn't strong enough" The signal? What signal? I first thought maybe they were looking for my mothers crystal egg, kinda like the one from risky business but a little smaller. She had a GPS chip on it in case a scenario like this ever happened. Once they stopped talking and they're rustling through the bags and boxes down stair began again, I turned around and silently walked to my room, left of the spire. My recurve bow was mounted on the wall. 

"i could use that" I whispered out loud to myself. "But the arrows are out side" I shook my head at this moment. Think. Think. THINK. My inner voice screamed at me, knowing that I wanted something like this to happen to me for my whole life. "Shit" i mumbled to myself, laughing at my stupidity. I turned around from my room and slowly claimed the ladder into the spire. There, my sword hung, yearning for use. I suck over to the mount, grabbed it, and released it from its sheath. The blade glistened in the green light as I pulled off the leather casing. 

I quickly headed down the ladder this time. The fear had gone from my brain and I was no longer scared of the strangers in the darkness. I flicked the light switch at the top of the stairs that turned the light on for the living room. "Fuck, its the damn ghosts Ronnie was telling us about" The male voice muttered. Ronnie...I heared that name before. The previous owner... 

My thoughts were interrupted by the woman yelling "Shut your damn mouth, get back to work." The rustling picked back up. I began to walk down the stairs, matching my footsteps with their movements. A drop of a book, the toss of a vase, even them throwing around my moms crystal egg. I got to the bottom of the stairs and could clearly see the man's face. They were both wearing hoods. The man's green, with yellow trim, and the Woman's black, with white trim. The woman's looked expensive, there were vine like patterns across the whole of it and the white trim had a sort of glow in the light. 

The man, a man I had never seen before, was scruffy, with a broad nose and deep set eyes. He looked Eastern European but his skin was a light brown, probably South American based on his accent. I couldn't see the woman's face. But she was dressed in a black and white coat, with the same pattern and glow as the hood, with black leggings and knee high boots. She was built like a model, not something you see out of criminals usually. They were both digging through the moving boxes that were still in our living room after a month of living there. 

they hadn't noticed me at the bottom of the stairs, the light didn't reach far enough for them to see me in my Hoodie and sweat pants. "We're out of time" the woman said, her voice much more pleasant this time. "Come on, the boss is gonna be angry" she grabbed the man's hand and pulled him off of the ground where he sat, looking through boxes of old junk. They walked to the door and froze. 

"Did you hear that?" The man asked, grabbing the woman by the shoulder. I froze, my heart beat like a bass drum inside my chest. Could he hear it, is my heart really about to get me killed? 

"Must'a been the wind, c'mon let's get outta here before the kid wakes up" they walked out and the door slammed behind them. I heard the car pull away and up the road. 

"Before the kid wakes up..." I whispered to myself. How did they know I was home? I'm lucky they thought I was sleeping, or else that could've ended much worse. I turned on the rest of the lights and saw my living room, a mess, cray thrown all over the floor. I texted my mom, asking how long till they were home. She replied with 2 hours. that was plenty of time to clean up. Which I did. the books and nicknacks and vases were all placed back into the boxes. And there was a note. A piece of paper left on the black and white marble counter top 
that read "You're lucky he didn't notice you darling" and it was signed with a heart and the name "Csegne"