My life in a nutshell Now first i just want to clearly state, that all of this information is 100% genuine. If you, also, are running through issues in life, i honestly wish you the best of luck. Sorry for lack of formatting, I'm writing this from my mobile phone.  


Alright, little backstory: Both my parents are still alive, i have 2 sisters and 3 brothers. My father has been having crippling depression for 30 years, has a very bad back, is diabetic, and works his ass off everyday. My family of 8 people has a 150 dollar food and other stuff budget. He does not have a work per hour job, however he owns his own personal bussiness company (he buys in damaged cars, repairs them, resells them). However everything just seems to fail in the most miserable ways ever, as if there is some god testing his patience for years. Despite me not knowing a lot about my family, I can at least talk about what he's ranting about in the living room to my mother.

He has a couple brothers and sisters, but thats not important right now.
He used to work with his brother, but would always either get a very low amount of money/nothing/his brother would say dumb shit to him. His brother always goes to their parents (which are 70+) to tell "their part of the story" (whilst my father doesnt). This lead my grandparents have a hatred for my father. My father is depressed, as i said. And last couple weeks its turning out pretty bad. 

Rent hasn't been paid for 4 months, yesterday he had a serious conversation with brother number 2. over the phone (it did not go well), about something involving cars and how brother 2 could be the reason that my dad loses his cars, his garage company, aka his life work. This will 100% result my dad to either commit suicide or get a heart attack (im serious.)

My part of life: 

I have autism, i could not say that i have depression as i didnt have a psychologist for years.
Anyway, years ago in middle school, i had 3 children in my class that would always really annoy me. However, dont get me wrong, I had mad strength and anger management issues. Their goal was not to bully me, but to push me over the border. (what most likely would cause me to one-punch hospitalize them, but would also get me expelled, which is what they wanted.) As if it wasnt bad enough, this dumb ass middle school made us every grade have their own part of the "playground" (i have no idea what its called, im dutch), which meant we HAD to play football (soccer) together. Now, my friends against these 3 idiots never went well. My best friend has crippling depression because his parents always fought, and once he almost got beat to death by his father.


Those 3 kids would always go to the principal during the break, telling stories how me and my friend do stuff (i never actually knew what they were saying.) However, one time when i was absent, they went to the principal to say that me and my friends were being extremely racist to them. (bullshit). She goes ballistic, goes to our class and threatens to call the police on us. i heard about this next day.

There was this one time that my best friend, during football against the lads, got 10v1'd by the 3 people and their brothers /friends. My friend is about 1m30 at the time, the smallest person, however was by far the best player (a talent). he actually managed to stand his ground a score a goal whilst 10 people of 1.80 meters are literally using lethal force against my friend. (he could hit his head against one of the playground obstacles and die. it was not looking great.) However after his godly goal, one of the 3 went to get the ball, FELL OVER MY BROTHER'S FOOT, AND BLAMED HIM.  MOTHERFUCKER ATTACKED MY BROTHER FOR IT. then I ran at the fuckface at a 30km/u pace, giving him one clean punch in the face, breaking his nose, braces, glasses, giving him a concussion from falling, and VERY INTENSE nose bleeding. 50 people then proceeded to hold me to prevent me from hospitalizing the other 2. I later got a code red ( 3 code reds means expelled ). this was their goal all along. i didnt care. dont fucking touch my brother.


Later on when i've cooled down, we had to get to talk to the dude a week later. guess fucking what? this iS APPARENTLY how it went:

"I wanted to shoot the ball, but (my brother) didnt let me. he wanted to kick me to hurt me. i told him multiple times to give me the space and to leave me alone. he didnt let me".
 
 
 
 
 Holy fucking shit you have no idea how fucking mad i were. he was right across the table, talking mad shit right in my eyes. They denied everything i said. Everything was my fucking fault. I wanted to kill the dude.



I have at least 2k lines of rant left but my hands are hurting and i dont feel good atm, might make another post.


however rn im in Gymnasium 5.

(This is our school education system: 
worst to best: praktijk, basis kader, kader, mavo, havo, atheneum+gymnasium). 
Fuckers are doing Basis kader. When we were friends, i helped them cheat in a very important central exam that would determine where we'd go. they all got the highest 1% because of me. we all got in real trouble.

(please dutch people dont flood the comments).

thanks for listening to my rant.

td;lr: 150 dollars a week budget, parents are depressed poor and fucked, im being screamed at all the time, my father might commit suicide soon, my childhood was messed up