Got into cinema recently, and it is better than anime. Before you start breathing hard and start breaking your keyboard, read my post first, please. So I've seen lots and lots of anime (I literally have a freakin Senjougahara pfp). I was a person who gave up on movies, and only saw anime. Then, upon some recommendations, started watching some cinema and some regular tv series. I was reluctant at first, but started to quite enjoy it. Keep in mind here that I was only watching Hollywood. 

Then as I kept seeing more cinema, I finally got into international cinema. This is where I started to fall in love with cinema. One thing you need to keep in mind is that, anime is majorly only being produced by one country - Japan. Cinema is a global thing. Logically, one country IS NOT going to contain all the geniuses in the world. If Japan is able to produce so many amazing stories, just imagine what the rest of the world is capable of. 

If you're fed up with your country's cinema (I was too, Bollywood sucks ass), then it's time to start watching international cinema. Now before you jump on me saying that Inception is inspired by Paprika, let me tell you that Neon Genesis Evangelion is inspired by 2001: A Space Odyssey. Before you tell me that Black Swan is inspired by Perfect Blue, let me tell you that Ghost in the Shell was inspired by Blade Runner. There's no point in arguing guys, as many concepts Hollywood borrowed from anime, so did anime. And stop comparing it with just Hollywood guys, Hollywood isn't the second coming of Christ, there's so much more cinema made internationally that you're missing out on. After seeing lots of films, I am starting to appreciate manga more due to the more deep themes they tackle which many a times, anime doesn't. I like manga more than anime now. And of course films more than manga. 

Now you'll start telling me about bad acting, that's equivalent to bad animation. You can't relate to bad acting, likewise you can't relate to shit animation. Watch the good films. Now you'll say movies are generic, sexist. Stop, don't type a sentence more. Anime has sexualization of school girls too, now you'll say cuties, alright, agreed, but my point is, you have no right to speak about being sexist when you're an anime fan yourself. Also, cuties is one instance, anime bears many more instances. 

Let's talk about "generic". What's generic? A Harem? The same formula Isekai? The same formula shounen? Now, you'll tell me about Sakurasou, Mushoku Tensei, Re:Zero and Attack on Titan. And I can list many many more films that aren't generic and are VERY original. MCU isn't the end of the world, you're literally just seeing stuff that's popular and shitting on cinema, that's just dumb. See the good stuff, that's literally the difference between a good show and a bad popular shounen.   


Also, believe it or not, movies have more source material to adapt from, novels written worldwide are more in number than manga or light novels produced from one country. Also, there are people working on a film throughout the world, rather than majorly in one country. I am just stunned at the sheer amount of stories that are being told worldwide, if I just stuck to anime, I wouldn't have seen many wonderful films. And real women are much more beautiful than anime girls, ngl. 

It's just how you get 3 or 4 good anime a season, you get great films every year, and a stupid shounen can become popular, so can a movie. It's literally the same scenario, that's easy to understand, I hope. 3 or 4 films from an industry, 3 or 4 good series from an industry, put that on a worldwide scale and you'll be surprised at how many amazing stories you haven't seen yet! With that I put rest on the argument that I am liking cinema more than anime. 

Before you say it, yes, this post is a JoJo reference.