I have Officially been sober for 1 whole year! Since the start of middle school, I got close with a few classmates and gained a few bad habits along the way. It got to the point where we started drinking twice a week especially during a school night(that's usually expected when you're taking an engineering track from where I am) I once got so wasted that I puked 5 times in one night. But, even then I still kept drinking. Then I started joining my cousins whenever they were drinking as well. 

Then I realized that I've just hit the lowest point in my life (so far). 

I quit drinking. 

I never really liked to drink. I thought it would make me numb or feel at ease, but really, it just gave me anxiety. 

After getting invited by my cousins hundreds of times to drink with them for a year and rejecting them every single time, I've finally gotten through 1 whole year without a single drop of alcohol in my system! 

I've adopted a high-protein diet, started working out 3-6 times a week, gained about 10kg (22lbs) of muscle mass since(I was really weak and skinny back then), started drawing/doing art frequently again, started conversing and socializing with my family and some neighbours more (cuz I'm a bit socially-inept and introverted,) and felt a little more confident about telling my close friends about my bisexuality and non-belief (which was a little hard for me especially when you live in a country where 99.9% are religious, so being a bisexual atheist here is a little bit frowned upon.) 

tl;dr: I was an avid drinker, then I stopped cuz I didn't like it and did my best to turn my life around and feeling better ever since! 

A bit more context: Legal drinking age in my country is 18 but is rarely practiced and regulated. In almost every street corner, there's a store that sells you booze regardless of how old you are, sometimes you'd even see cops offering minors a drink. Culturally speaking, I guess drunk minors are tolerated since they usually didn't pose a threat to anyone not even to themselves and they usually drink around adult family members.