Putting emojis in between words does not reinforce your point, instead it makes you seem extremely arrogant and condescending. Good opinions that can be agreed upon by the community at large doesn’t need 👏 or anything of the like in between words. It makes it harder to read the entire sentence for people as it distracts them from the words they are trying to read. This may seem as a pretty boomer take, especially from a 15 yo, but it makes you seem extremely arrogant and condescending, along with seeming to be unwilling to take criticism or opinions from other people, no matter how deeply flawed their arguments are. 

The same goes for people who put “No❤️”, as it’s like a proverbial door being slammed shut in the face of a good natured (or bad natured, for that matter) discussion. It makes you come off as a person unwilling to believe they are wrong in any regard and instantly makes the person in question come off as arrogant and cocky and completely unwilling to accept the fact that their argument may just be wrong. Another instance is people putting ✨ in between the words. Once again, arrogant and cocky. 

If you have a valid and extremely good point, said emojis serve no purpose other than being obnoxious and condescending to anybody who sees it. Allow for an example (using a completely nondescript argument to not offend anybody). 

“I believe X doesn’t deserve Y”. This is a completely normal sentence without a condescending tone in it at all. They may be wrong, but they just served up their opinion for other people to dissect and form a rebuttal to.

“I 👏 believe 👏 X👏 doesn’t 👏 deserve 👏 Y”. You see where I’m coming from now? It just seems to reek of “my opinion is the only opinion that matters, and nobody can sway me of that belief”.

Here’s another using the ❤️ example in a discussion

“I think that X should do Y”

“No (or nah, or nope)”

 This seems like a pretty good starter for a rebuttal that somebody can form for their argument

“I think that X should do Y”

“No❤️”

Imo it just comes off as extremely patronising and dismissive of the other person involved in the argument. Please don’t write sentences like this, I beg you