That Girl Sooo this is gonna be a long story. I'll start from the beginning, i randomly added this girl on snapchat 2 months ago and we've written more and more to a point in which we had screentimes over 4 hours a day just writing with eachother. Everything went on and on and i'm honest i'm a bit of a dramaqueen and too fucking desperate so we've had many quarrels. I've wanted to meet her after 7-8 days of writing and she didn't so i thought it was okay. Then i asked her every week. She always found a way to find out how not to need (If you guys think she doesn't want me that's wrong i'll tell you later why) to come out. In the past 2 weeks i've asked her daily to come out and stuff she always refused or said my brother won't allow it or my mother and you already know such shit... as said i'm a fucking dramaqueen and i make her pissed on a daily basis and so i feel bad and want to apologize irl and see her. I told her now if we're not gonna meet in the next week i'm done, i'll start writing her less and less. She is pissed and went to bed again. Now i wrote her stuff like this: i know with every message i'm making you more pissed and landing in the friendzone more and more and stuff like that. I already told her that she will never find another boy who would write 2 months straight without meeting and to be honest i think i'm starting to have problems with being on my phone too much so i'm not sure what to do. btw i've trusted her soooo much stuff and i swore i wouldn't ghost her. If you can't understand my situation just ask questions
Now i'm not sure if i should take the upper hand and say: Look i think it's fucking pathetic that i'm waiting 2 months for you to come out but i don't want to lose her. She would be fucking sad if i'd say wrong stuff.
If there would be an option i wouldn't give a fuck and just write: Listen if you're not wanting to meet then fuck you, i don't care if you friendzone me... ITS JUST SO FUCKING COMPLICATED WHY ARE GIRLS LIKE THAT MAAAAN I HATE THIS

TLDR:
The girl i've been writing with doesn't want to meet after 2 months and i dunno what to do