Got Friend zoned after talking to a girl for a year and already saying we liked each other First off i want to say i'm not great a writing so please forgive me for any mistakes and stuff.

So I met her at a camp like thing in the summer (4 weeks in total), I had seen her around but hadn't had the courage to go speak to her directly until near the end and it went pretty well, we did a couple of the activities together (like in a team with other people), and at the end of the last day she asked me for my insta which completely caught me of guard because i thought i was doing good but not that good, so i fumbled my words but eventually managed to tell her my insta, so the camp ended and some friends helped me to message her to hang out (to clarify sent from my account just they told me what to put because i'm as autistic as they come) and so we go to see a movie together and she turns up like 10/10 and i'm just there in a hoodie and jeans, but we have a good time. After the movie we went to a park and talked and a some point we both say that we like like each other, so i get home and i'm low key freaking out cause this smart and beautiful woman likes me back. So over the period of the next few months we hang out some more (we live kinda far away so not that often) and she even kisses me on the cheek at the end of one which felt amazing. Messaging each other was kind of limited outside of organising meeting up because hella autism, but in person it was great. So skip to a couple months ago  she asks to do a call and for any normal functioning person yeah easy, but not for me, getting tons of anxiety but agree anyways because i like her a lot. Kinda awkward cause i'm dying from anxiety get through it tho, and do it a couple more times (not any easier) and on the last one she asks me why i'm so nervous because i'm not person, and i basically say using the internet to talk and message gives me hella anxiety and i don't want to mess things up with her by doing the wrong thing, I said it less direct than that but she got what i meant despite saying other wise at the time. So we ended the call and i feel good because i told her, next morning i get a message from her and i already know i gonging to be awful just from the notification because the first word she starts the message with my name like a fucking letter, and i literally collapse in my bedroom and i just start thinking of all the possible awful things it could be, and so eventually after like an hour i read it and its just as awful as i imagined, i'll summarise because i hate re reading it, *Cookie yesterday was awkward, i knew exactly what you were saying but didn't know how to respond to it, i thought we were just good friends and i'm not ready to be anything more*. So yeah that made feel like shit, it took me a half a day to reply and i ended up just saying *oof but ok,* this all happened a month ago so i would be feeling better if life didn't just keep memeing on me but i wont go into that because its hella complicated. Also i kinda want her to see this because writing this has been much easier than trying anything else and it made me feel a bit better.