How can I deal with my friends who have a toxic relationship with one another? For context, everyone mentioned in this  are 13F, including me. I have known the people mentioned in this story for a little over a year at this point.   (Sorry if this layout is a bit messy, I'm on mobile)  

I have these two friends M and K.   M and K have been friends for a while (nearly 3 years now) however I don't see how they are friends at this point. They have had many, many arguments.  

To put it point blank,  K has become controlling. She wasn't like this when I first met her, but lately she's become very controlling. She treats my friend M, quite badly, and always talks trash behind her back, to me.  K always goes onto M's iPad without permission, tells M that she's (K) the best, and just generally makes M feel like Trash. She's quite bossy as well, wanting everyone to follow her rules. She does have a kind heart, but she radiates toxicity.  

M isn't that innocent either, however, she is generally being a better person than K. She can be a bit explosive, (especially during her and K's arguements) and is a bit stubborn at times. M also talks about her relationship with K, just less vindictively.   

So here is the most recent  issue.   M is a bit addicted to her iPad, and has been for the year that I've known her.   (We use iPads at my school for work)   'Apparently', K saw M walking along the pavement with her headphones in, staring down  at her iPad.  

This issue has happened before, so it's nothing new.   It makes sense for K to be worried, and I get it. It is dangerous. But here's the problem.   

K was shouting at her, and she was being mean. No genuine concern was really showing.   

M snapped, sick of K.   

Cue drama.   

Now, they're not talking to each other, and it's so confusing at this point.   I am on M's side, because although I know that she was in the wrong for doing that with her iPad, K shouldn't of talked like that, and asked me what M said about her.   M is really sick of K, and K just doesn't get it.   What should I do?   M has told me multiple times that she doesn't feel 'safe' around K, but she still wants to be friends with her. I've told her she should just break it off, but she's in denial. She nearly cried in form class (homeroom), explaining it to me.  

Please teenagers of Reddit, what the hell am I supposed to do with these people who can't sort it out by themselves?


Edit: Also posted on r/relationship_advice