A battle on the physics front. It had been a chaotic few weeks on the Physics front. The  generals back home were preparing a major offensive to break through the enemy lines and drive them back to the river of moments. r-139 Artillery Cannons had been shelling those bastards for 4 days non stop.Ladders were lined up against the trench walls , and the barbed wire had been taken down.Brain cells grasped their bolt action rifles anxiously, soon, the last shells fell, and an eerie silence fell over the battlefield, the brain cells all went over what to do in their heads, shaking. The silence was soon broken by a shrill whistle, signalling for the men to go over the top.

The brain cells climbed up the ladder into no student's land as fast as they could, some were shot down by fna machine guns before they could even make it.

Those who made it out of the trenches made a mad dash to the enemy trenches,but they were falling by the thousands each second , however, there were alot of bc's, hundreds upon thousands of them had come to the trenches to fulfill their duty, hopefully there would be enough, enough power to pass this living hell onto the peace that lay afterwards.


The fna machine guns tore through their lines but still, the bc's managed to get past no student's land and entered the enemy trenches, and entered into close combat with the enemy.Even after the losses at no student's land, they still heavily outnumbered the opponent's, victory was close at hand, but the bc's didn't have much time left, the gods above would be very unhappy if they continued this disturbance for any longer , they would null all their gains if they didn't end the battle soon and the enemy knew this, thus they hid in corners and kept on resisting knowing that they only needed to keep their defences up for a little bit longer for the battle to end in their victory.


In the end however, the enemy was too devastated by the shelling , they couldn't have a proper rest for days on end and too many of them had died . This caused a mass route sending the forces of physics running away for their lives , the battle had been won and a temporary peace established.