Reviewing every Dutch Pat and Mat episode: SPECIAL EDITION 2 and 3 (repost cuz I forgot about 3) First of all for if you wont read the entire post:

they made a pat and mat video game that isn't avalible anymore on steam and the tags are: "cold war, illuminati, sexual content and nudity". If any of you either know how to get the game or have a steam key or something of the sort tell me. I want to see if the tags are accurate. I also put this at the bottom

I haven't done this in some time so here are two for you, I might even do some more today if I feel like it. This isn't daily.

EPISODE 3Plot: They have too many books so they make a bookcase and other stuff happens too. They also have blueprints for a nuclear bomb idk why.

Other things: Nice music, episde three has exactly 25K views.

Conclusion: Quite good episode. And if the tags are correct I want to find the pat and mat game, so if anyone knows where to get it please tell me.

Score: 6/10

EPISODE 4

Plot: They fix a vacuum cleaner, move a carpet.

Other things: They swear a lot with jesus and "godverderrie" which is odd for a TV show from that time. Although it isn't even that old because it was only given voices and shown to the netherlands in the 90s.

Conclusion: It was a very slow episode, not much happened. Quite boring tbh.

Score 3/10

NOW FOR THE IMPORTANT STUFF AGAIN:

they made a pat and mat video game that isn't avalible anymore on steam and the tags are: "cold war, illuminati, sexual content and nudity". If any of you either know how to get the game or have a steam key or something of the sort tell me. I want to see if the tags are accurate.

EDIT: I am even more intriegued now that I've seen the 10/10 metacritic user review: [Here it is, not a rickroll.](https://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/pat-mat)

 SPOILER ALERT\* I particularly enjoyed the level with the horses and the angry feminist Muslims. A must have game for anyone who likes good games! I would say that this game is easily on par with some of the best games of recent times, like perhaps Civilization 5. If I had a spare copy of Civilization 5 I'd glady swap it for Pat &amp; Mat. 

That is what it said