I (15M) can't tell if my friend/crush (16M) likes guys? I'm not totally sure if this is the right place for this, but I'm pretty lost so I figured I'd give it a shot. Also this is pretty long so buckle up. \*\*TLDR at the end\*\*

Almost four months ago, I came back to school after being at home for a long time because of corona. I had two classes with this guy, but I didn’t know him or really interact with him at all. But, about two or three months ago, we got sat together in both of these classes, started talking a bit, and became friends pretty quickly. I never really thought about him being physically attractive or in terms of any kind of relationship for a little while. This is, until he found out I was gay. 

It came up very casually when we were talking with another one of our friends, who also sits with us in one class. They seemed super casual about gay stuff, and would make some lighthearted (not homophobic) jokes, so I figured it wouldn’t be a big deal, and it wasn’t. They were both really cool about it. However, the guy in question started getting a lot friendlier with me. He would start messing with and fluffing up my hair, as well as joking around and teasing me about being quite short (not that he’s wrong). At first I figured that he was just being friendly, and I haven’t had guy friends for quite a long time, so I didn’t read into it. 

That is, until we started getting more affectionate. This is the stuff that has really ramped up in the last month or so, and what’s really confusing me. The most noticeable thing to me is the eye contact he makes with me. I’ve NEVER been one to make eye contact with people, it makes me super uncomfortable, but it’s different with him. Every single time we look at each other, he finds a way to look straight into my eyes, and I like it. Sometimes it’s just a casual glance, but other times he’ll just stare straight through my soul and won’t let up. I never know when it’s gonna happen, it just does. Sometimes it’ll be in the middle of a conversation, or when he’s answering a question in class, or just when we happen to glance at each other for way too long. Sometimes I’d play them off as kind of a staring contest, but that seemed to make them frustrated so I stopped doing that. 

Another thing is how much he blushes. Usually he just gets a little pink or he’ll go really red, but that’s not super unusual since his skin already has very red tones. But sometimes he’ll go almost purple, which is a little concerning, but I’ve also never seen someone go purple just from talking. Apparently he didn’t know he was a blushy guy at all, so I guess no one’s ever brought it up, which seems strange considering how much and how easily it happens. He blushes a lot when we’re joking around, and from what I can tell he smiles quite a bit too (it can be tough with the masks- but the rest of his face looks like he's smiling). 

Once he started touching me and being a little more loose, I started getting the urge to touch him, so I did. This is not a thing I usually do, but I couldn’t help myself. I’ll touch his arms and his hair a lot, sometimes giving his arm or shoulder a little squeeze, but I still feel kinda weird about touching people so that’s about it. The thing is, he doesn’t mind this at all, sometimes it feels like he’s egging me on. 

There was this one time where he was teasing me by standing in front of a poster that I mentioned looked interesting. Obviously I wanted a closer look at the poster, so I tried to look around him but he just got even closer to the poster so I couldn’t see it at all. We were almost chest to chest by this point, so to look at each other he had to look straight down and I had to look straight up (again, he’s pretty tall and I’m really short). Our faces were just a few inches apart and we were staring at each other again, so I quietly told him to move and he just whispered “no.” We stood there for another moment and he didn’t move, so I just picked my chin up a little bit and made a bit of a kiss noise- our faces were still about three inches from touching, but we definitely weren’t properly socially distancing. He got pretty flustered and walked away, so I just went about my way and checked out the poster. Even after this happened, he still teased and touched me all the same. He still lets me touch him plenty and call him a variety of nicknames (with various implications).

After all this, I still didn’t know what to think about him, so I consulted my friends, who were pretty confident that this wasn’t regular Straight Guy behavior. One of them was also quite sure I had a thing for him, which I intensely denied at first, but now I’m pretty sure she’s right. The thing is, the two of us have talked about gay stuff a couple times, and while he’s never said the words “I’m straight” he’s also gone “I’m not gay” in a kind of rushed way that makes me want to believe him, but I just can’t. At first I totally believed he was straight- because I assume every guy is straight unless I hear otherwise, and I have horrible gaydar- but now I don’t know what to think. 

I’ve never had a crush on a guy that I really thought about this seriously, let alone one that I had reciprocated in any way. I’d really appreciate some advice on this if anyone knows wtf I’m supposed to think about this guy. Thanks in advance!

&amp;#x200B;

TLDR: Straight(?) friend seems to be flirting with me, but I'm not sure if that's what's really happening.