Bored of memes? Here’s the entire history of Slipknot! I may have missed some stuff but here we go


Slipknot is a band founded in 1995 by Shawn 
Crahan and Joey Jordison and Paul Grey. They recruited Anders Cosiflini, Josh Branard, Donnie Steele for a starting line up. 

After the recording of Mate Feed Kill Repeat, they recruited Craig Jones and Mick Thompson.

And towards 1998, they had Corey Taylor, Sid Wilson, Chris Fehn and James root 

In 1999 at the release of their 1999 Self Titled Major Lable Debut, They had the lineup of:

Corey Taylor on Vocals
Shawn Crahan on Percussion
Chris Fehn on Percussion 
Paul Grey on Bass
Sid Wilson on Turntables/Samples
Craig Jones on Keyboard/Samples
Mick Thompson on Lead Guitar
James Root on Rhythm Guitar
Joey Jordison on Drums


During the Recording of IOWA, the band was on a downward spiral. Drugs being common place

The album would release and nothing would change

Vol.3 was recorded in the Houdini Mansion and things were still as insane as usual but Corey had finally gone clean after having a brush with jumping out of a hotel window, only being stopped by his wife and a friend.


Then AHIG (All Hope Is Gone)

After this albums release, Bassist Paul Grey would die by accidentally overdosing.

All of the addicts in the band went clean after this, it gave them a reality check.

In his honor, they did memorial tours where Donnie Steele played bass.

In 2013, Joey Jordison would depart from the band

After Donnie refused to be a permanent member, they recruited Jay Weinberg on Drums and Alessandro Venturella on Bass

They would Record .5: The Gray Chapter in 2013 and It would be released in 2014. Most of the songs (Skeptic, Goodbye, AOV mainly) would be about Gray.

In 2018, they would release All Out life, Signaling the return of a more aggressive Slipknot...Then We Are Not your kind followed soon after in 2019

Before the release of  WAYNK, Fehn would sue the band because he didn’t think he was getting his cut of pay from merch sales. This would lead to Chris being kicked out.

He was Replaced by Michael Pfaff 


That’s it.


Mods don’t remove me plz