What’s wrong with me? 2nd attempt since first one hit taken down

(14m) I’m Hispanic, both my parents are Mexicans and live in New York (not in the city ffs but in a urban area) 

I don’t feel sad all of the time and yet I don’t feel happy either. I listen to breakup songs hoping to feel sadness even though I never been in a relationship and got over my crush about a year ago. I don’t remember the last time I felt happy but I do laugh if I find something funny but that small dose of dopamine doesn’t kick in my even when I nut, also don’t experience post-nut clarity. I forced myself to cry one time this summer just to feel something but failed. I don’t want to tell everyone I have some mental illness because then I’ll sound like a depressed 14 year old emo Billie Ellish fan which in my school your only a Hispanic, hood nigga, or weird (guess where I fit in). I have like 3 friends, one of them I had a deep conversation with and turned out to be a sociopath by a social worker, that I help and give advice when they’re down yet I don’t see the other two lasting a long time and I can’t talk to anyone for basic help. Nothing seems fun anymore but I still put on a fake smile everyday and pretend to be fake persona I created. I don’t live in a good area or apartment, when I work with my dad(rarely) in trades, I see the amazing houses some people have or as he says “fucking white people”. Can’t talk to my parents since they’re divorced, I’m bad at Spanish, and also I don’t think they understand mental health. I’m just emotionless and I think lonely. Hopefully this isn’t depression and just a phase.  Planning to fix my sleep schedule, stop procrastinating everyday this month, participate in NNN to help with my porn addiction and if there’s no change then fuck it I’ll see a therapist but just tell everyone I’m doing that FuNnY NnN cHaLlEnGe to hide my real intentions. Idk what I’m saying and I’m posting this on Reddit ffs. Well I think I just need some attention, I don’t fucking know my parents didn’t give it to me I think. Anyways probably won’t respond to comments since I have to go to sleep and gotta go to work with my dad tomorrow at like 7:30am EST probably vibe to Pink Season. Goodnight, good morning, or good day.