I am truly deeply in love. I’m 16-turning 17, and I’ve known this amazing girl for almost four years now. We’re not together but, she is perfect in every possible way. Her laugh, her brain, her looks, her hair, her humor, her everything. 

We get along so good. Like the chemistry is so good. I know we would be perfect for each other. When we ”argue” we always find an understanding and laugh everything off. We have the same taste in humor, and oh my, she is so smart. She is so social and unique. The feeling I get when I think of her is something I’ve never felt before. I can be myself around her.

I recently moved to another city and we see each other a lot less now. But everytime I see her she gets so excited and jumps in to my arms. It’s the best feeling ever! 

But...

I don’t think she feels exactly the same. That feeling of flying I get when she hugs me, I don’t think she gets it. I feel like she feels the same as being on your tiptoes. She doesn’t love me the same way. She loves me like pizza. Or that’s atleast what I think she feels.

Last year we were talking about other boys and girls, and she told me she thinks that kissing me would probably feel like kissing her big brother, and I felt a lump grow in the back of my throat and had to physically resist myself from shedding a tear. 

But that was over a year ago, and we’ve both grown as people a lot. I’m not the same person as then. My father suddenly passed 2019 december, and she was there for me. My dad’s sudden death taught me that life is fragile and everything can change in the flash of an eye, and I want to tell her how I feel before it’s too late, but I feel that telling her would put our current relationship at risk. But on the other hand, I can’t stop thinking about her, and I can’t be just friends anymore. I need her touch, I need her love, I need her right now, and if she seriously doesn’t feel the same, I understand. All good things come to an end and this won’t be any different.

What do you guys and girls think?