Something I’ve learned I’ve had my life flipped on me but I won’t explain the details cause no one cares, but this is some stuff I’ve learned that I thought I’d share. The list could go on and on because truly, everything is relative. There is no one dead answer to a question or how to arrive at that question. I just wanted to put down a couple to get you thinking. 

Everything is relative

A grade on a test: some kid might hate that he got an a- but the one next to him might be thrilled he got a d+

Wealth

Your profession: someone might be filthy rich and the guy down the street can’t believe a human could deal with the power of the amount of money they have

Your beliefs: this is broad but for example: religion, what should be illegal, government, etc.

Pain: someone’s high might be another persons lowest point in their life. 

Happiness: one of your best friends could be battling depression and their happiest days are the one to two days where something goes good for them and that’s enough to say they had a good day. While you might be fine all the time and say your not ok. It’s not a bad thing, like I said, it’s all relative. Just because you are at your lowest point, doesn’t mean that your emotions aren’t valid. It doesn’t mean that you don’t have a right to be down. If it’s the worst you ever felt, it gives you all the right to be just as down as a depressed individual having their worst day ever. Cause in the end, what’s the difference if it’s all you know and if it’s the worst you’ve felt. You physically can’t imagine what it’s like to feel worse. 

Moral of the story, don’t look at people as a comparison to your life. You are your own being, and they are theirs. Look at people as another being. Cause In the end, no one on this planet knows what truly makes you, you. And you don’t know what makes everyone else, everyone else. Once you realize that people are so complex and fragile, even if they don’t show it, you start to understand yourself way better. You also understand others better too. And you don’t have to understand them to understand them. You just know that they have a life just like you, and that’s all that’s needed to know in order to understand the human kind.