How can I get my parents to acknowledge my concerns without being ignored because “I’m in my rebellious phase?” Wanted to use a throwaway account for reasons that will soon be clear, but I guess that’s not allowed here. Oh well, I’m screwed anyway.

Apologies in advance, I’m not a very great writer.

Alright, here’s the situation. My (14M) parents came into my room a few hours ago and let me know that they’d be needing my password to every device I own, so they could look through it whenever they wanted without warning. What that means is if I’m in the middle of a call with one of my friends, or I’m watching something, they could come to me and say “alright hand it over” and I’d have to do it without any objections. They’ve never been over protective before, with very few exceptions, so this kind of came as a surprise to me. In my opinion, though, this is more than overprotective, it’s just a straight up invasion of my privacy, and I really don’t like it.

Here’s the thing. I don’t have anything to hide from them, but I find the idea of them looking at every text message, comment, photo, reddit post (hence the throwaway account), etc. extremely weird and creepy. It also tells me that they have little to no trust that I’m a responsible person. The other thing is that I do a lot of things that, while they aren’t wrong in any way, would be embarrassing if someone found them. For example, I’ve started writing as a hobby. By no means am I actually good at it yet, but I’m trying. I have very low confidence and self-esteem, so if they found the trash I’ve made, it would be really embarrassing and discouraging for me. I would most likely end up deleting it and stop writing until they stop doing this, and at that point I might’ve already lost interest. Another thing is thatI have a friend who I have very personal conversations with about our issues. I’d feel bad for my friend if my parents saw those messages, because she puts a lot of trust in me to keep those things private, and I’ve talked to her about doubts in my religion (my family is super religious) which I think my parents would flip out over, and it would be really awkward. I’ve pretty much made up my mind on religion, and they’d either ground me or try to “fix” me by scheduling bishop meetings and taking away my phone and whatnot, and it would cause so much unnecessary conflict and awkwardness.

I’m not a very confident person, so I usually don’t talk to my parents about issues I have with them. The few times I’ve worked up the courage to do that, however, they’ve brushed it off as me being in my rebellious teenage phase, and nothing changes. So, after all that, my question to all of you who have any idea of how to help or have been in this situation yourselves is, how do I get them to listen to me and convince them that what they’re doing isn’t “being safe,” and is really just an invasion of my privacy?

Thanks in advance to all you kind souls, any advice you have I’d really appreciate.

I’ll leave an update later maybe. If it doesn’t go so well I’ll probably just delete the post, but who knows. Anything can happen. Before I most likely vanish from the internet, I’d like to give an inspirational quote.

“Stop asking ‘Can I,’ and start asking ‘I can!’”

    -Steve Holt

okay bye