THE BLACK Chapter 3 The Blizzard (please tell me what you think) Chris looked outside the window and saw the creature again but this time he had little horns and little wings.
Chris needed to call jack to ask him about this but he didn’t find the number in his bag so he thought max might have took it so he went to Max’s room”where the fuck is the number max!”Chris asked,max looked at him and told him”I ripped apart cause you didn’t want me to be with you in this!”Chris then told him”you’re such a fucking idiot what is wrong with you! He is the only one we know that knows anything about these creatures”max then looked at him and he had nothing to say”we’ll have to go look for him”Chris said then went outside with max.
Max and Chris were walking in the city looking for jack,while they were walking Chris and max went in a bar and took a seat,while they were sitting it suddenly started snowing outside,Chris then looked at max”this is all your fucking fault”Chris said”if you didn’t tear apart the number we wouldn’t have been in this situation!”max then looked at Chris”listen man I’m sorry I didn’t mean to get us into this trouble”max said”sorry won’t help us...that’s it I’m out...”Chris said then walked outside the shop”stay here and don’t go anywhere max”
2 hours later a blizzard hit the town and Chris was still outside and he was barely able to see anything,he then fell on the ground and wasn’t been able to move”I guess that’s it...”Chris said”I’m gonna die here alone”
While he was on the ground he saw a shadow coming towards him”what the...”Chris said.
A person then stood in front of Chris”hey wake the fuck up”the person told Chris the Chris looked at the person it was jack!
“It’s you...you’re jack right?”Chris said while getting up”no time to remember names we need to go”jack said.
Jack and Chris started running to where max is.
“Chris! You’re back!”max said”yeah and I have jack here with me”Chris said”well that’s good”max said.
“We’re gonna have to wait here until this blizzard calms down...”jack said.