Is my family toxic or no? Let’s start with my mom, basically my mom has kicked out my sister, threatened to kick out my oldest sister, never taught me healthy eating and I used to be so stressed that I would binge eat everyday and I am lucky I’m only 20-30 pounds overweight. She never takes us anywhere and I don’t know how to socialize. These are only small things, let me start talking about the bigger things.

One time somebody in the family apparently ate the rest of the ham she saved up so she kicked the door and trash can and started yelling about how everybody in the house are ungrateful brats or whatever. Recently but not TOO recently I had a breakdown where I wanted to k//l myself and when I told her to leave me alone she just broke into my room, yelled at me, threatened to take me to the mental hospital and told me my crying was being dramatic and then when she finally left she just told me to be quiet and kicked my door.  She also tells me to just calm down when I’m having a panic attack where I literally think it’s all over...like that will help? She’s done a ton more but to be honest I cant remember.

My dad....he’s mean to me everyday, he used to bully me for my weight, I’m trans FTM and he calls me a girl pretending to be a boy as if I would ever want to be trans....he tells me I’m abusing the cats even though I dont, and every time I’m around him he ALWAYS has a mean comment. Also one time I was trying to do a math assignment and I couldn’t do it even when I looked up the question so I started crying because I was super stressed so he came over and slapped me.

Finally, my brother, he thinks being gay is a choice, he’s transphobic, he was the first to see my cuts and told me to cut vertically, he makes fun of my weight even though he is underweight. He’s so nasty, his room smells like piss and musk and its so messy and he doesn’t wash his hair, brush his teeth, or wash his hands after he uses the bathroom.

But I’m hesitant about them all being toxic because my mom doesn’t barge into my room without permission, or search through my phone and she isn’t transphobic and she feeds me and shelters me.

My dad is occasionally nice to me

And that time when I was crying after my mom yelled at me my brother actually came in and comforted me.

I’m so confused...