Today, I have made the decision to quit vaping. I hope this can be an inspiration for you too. I used to have a mindset that the people who did drugs, smoked, or vaped in their youth were terrible kids and didn't do anything good for themselves. I changed my perspective after I ended up doing it myself.   


I began vaping when a girl that liked me invited me to her family's house. It was in terrible condition, but her family seemed sweet. They were pretty rough around the edges, and kept a massive pack of Monster Energy and beer in their refrigerator if that says something. She offered her vape to me after she took a hit, and I thought I'd impress her by doing it too. After that, I had a huge head rush, gave it back to her, and something inside my head just flipped like a switch. Some kind of euphoria that I had never felt before that I wanted more of.   


Every time I went and saw her, all I could think about was hitting her vape again. I knew I couldn't get one myself, so I would use her as my vantage point. Months later when school started, we stopped getting together to hang out, and I lost the chance to vape for a long time. I wanted to keep feeling the way I did when I first tried it.  


Just recently, I hit the vape of one of my acquaintance friends from temptation. They had a mod, making it very heavy when hitting it. I got hooked again and started looking around to see if anyone sold vapes or were in the loop of people who did. I made friends with a dealer who sold THC and nicotine.   


I got my own puff bar.   


Ever since that day I had a massive esteem boost. I felt like the cool kid on the block. The person that everyone wanted to hang out with because they got their hands on something that most people can't because they know people. I felt powerful, I felt euphoric from having it in my possession.   


Then, things began to spiral. I started getting cravings throughout the day and I'd have to go to the bathroom to take breaks. I then knew that I couldn't do it anymore, and that it would soon become a problem if I kept doing it. But something physically made me continue to use my puff bar. I would tell myself no mentally, and just keep hitting it anyway, even if I felt sick to my stomach. Over, and over, and over. To the point where I would get separation anxiety if It wasn't constantly in my pocket or in my hand.   


I knew I was physically addicted to nicotine at that point, and something needed to change.   


I knew it would be hard for me to quit, and it was entirely my fault. I got myself into this mess, now I need to get myself out of it. The first thing I did was think about why I wanted to do it. I came with the reason for it being the amount of trust and generosity my parents have given me. I have just recently passed my driver permit test on my first try, got a debit card with a checking account opened up, held all A's in school, and gotten my first job with a raise of 50 cents before I even started working! That's when It came to me that I have a good life, and things are going very well for me. My relationships with my friends are amazing, my family is supportive of me and what I do for myself, and I respect myself as a person. If all of these good things are happening to me, why am I continuing to vape? Shouldn't I be one of the lowlife kids that I thought people were if they did those things?   


Just an hour ago, I threw out the puff bar, and vowed to myself never to do this again. I can't let the things that are happening to me now or in the future change because I have an addiction I can't control.   


Please let this be a lesson to anyone going through a similar situation as me. I'm not saying you need to quit smoking or vaping, all I want you to know is that you should be safe no matter what. If this is something that you can handle, be my guest. But to those who can't hold on to the responsibility like me, don't do it. It isn't worth the instant gratification for your five seconds of fame, and the depression that follows.   


If you have any questions, I'd be free to take and answer. Thank you to anyone who reads this.   


TL;DR - I started vaping, realized how wrong it would be to continue to, and made the obligation to quit. I hope I'm an inspiration to anyone else in a similar situation.