So uh, you can make a religion just out of spite If spaghetti monster religion is a real religion, so can a random religion you make be considered a real religion as long as it has enough members I’m pretty sure.

So uh, anyone wanna try to make one with me? Like, for real. And we can grow more and more and when it will be fully legal for me to take this to court or just ya know, people who can like, do the stuff with that then we could classify it as an actual religion. I think it’s a pretty fun idea tbh.

TLDR at the end.

For the base of it, it’s basically reincarnation but with extra steps. 

After you die you basically get 2 choices. It depends on what kind of a person you were to get those choices.

You can either be a spirit, or get reincarnated. 

You can either be a normal spirit, which just exists and it’s basically like you have minecraft in gamemode 3 (I’m pretty sure that was the spectator mode), and if you were good you also have a choice to be a guardian. 

When you choose to be a guardian you would need to get trough tough lessons of different sorts, it will also be taken into account the things you did while you were alive. 

But if you succeed with that stuff, you will be sent back on earth as a spirit guardian. Usually spirit guardians are the imaginary friends that kids have, but you can also be a guardian to an older person. Like the weird energy you sometimes feel in your room might be a protective spirit checking up on you. Just kids usually can interact with spirit guardians way more than adults. And no I do not mean it in a schizophrenia way cuz that’s a different thing.

But if you choose to be a guardian and you fail whether is it because in after life you just didn’t pass or is it because you were a terrible being in your current life. Then you become a fallen guardian, and there are two types of fallen guardians, the ones who are locked in cages for external suffering for being a terrible being in their past life. And the ones who just didn’t pass, the ones who didn’t pass can chill there with other fallen guardians, which some might interpret as demons that you can summon but to do that if you really want to you would need to go trough a test there and you would get subjected to what kind of demon like being you would be. There will be many kinds of different sorts but I’m still figuring out that part.

So being a fallen guardian that wasn’t bad in their previous life (rapist, pedophile, abuser, murderer, etc etc), won’t have to get reincarnated or exist on earth, you won’t have to work to protect people on earth either.

So idk, I might make a group chat or something if I feel like it and you can help me with adding stuff.

Thanks if you had the patience to read all this.

TLDR: 3 ways after death. normal spirit, reincarnation, and guardian. If fail guardian as human before, you suffer, if fail guardian in afterlife you can calm down and watch the world burn. If succeed guardian you help people on earth as an invisible presence or an imaginary friend. If fail fallen guardian but still kinda good you can be demon and be able to get summoned to do thing you fit the most. Join group chat if want.