"I'll call you" is bullshit. Never happens. For a bit of context that will be important later on in this post, I have OCD which makes me keep repeating certain things when using my phone (amongst other things, but this is the one relevant to what I'm gonna write about). So as a result I've stopped using that phone and am using an older type phone to communicate with people. However, since I stopped using that one altogether, I no longer had my friends' phone numbers.

I texted one of them from my mom's Messenger (she allowed me to, of course) and gave him my new number, and I told him to call me so I'll have his number as well. Yeah, this was in March and he still hasn't called.

Then I hung out with a friend (who mind you I hang out like once a month because he's eternally busy, except he's not busy to hang out with friends from different cities, so "I'm too busy for you" would be a more accurate way for him to put it), whose number I had because we are in the same school so I gave him my new number there and he actually did call so I'd have his number. Anyway, so we hung out at the end of July or maybe early August, somewhere around then, and a friend of ours was in the area. Now I hadn't spoken with that girl since March when I stopped using my phone. So since she was close to where we were, we met up with her. I gave her my new phone number, and SHE said she'll call me the next day to hang out. Next day rained and so she didn't call. Ok, fair enough, it rained, so even if she had called we wouldn't have been able to meet anyway. No problem there. Except this was in very early August (at the latest), and she STILL hasn't called.

Then there's this guy I was friends with up until 4 years ago. He contacted me after all this time, and it was him who said we should hang out. So we schedule for a Wednesday. The day comes and I ask him via text what time are we meeting at. He doesn't reply. The day ends and he doesn't reply. 6 days pass and he doesn't reply. I text him asking what happened, and he just said he was busy and also we can't meet for now because he's going on vacation. How freaking busy can you be that you can't text me "Something came up."?

There's also a girl who lives in a different city who never calls me first, it's always me. So I actually talked with her about this, she explained her situation, which is understandable enough, but I won't go into details here, and she said she'll be able to talk this Friday, and that she'll let me know via text. Yeah, it's Sunday and that didn't happen.

So yeah, I've come to the conclusion that "I'll call you" is complete bullshit.