I’ve just been really fucking stressed end everything’s been fucked I just want to let out some of my thoughts and just talk Ever since winter break ended everything for me’s been going down hill (or even farther down hill). Before winter break even ended I got several school assignments graded poorly. That made me want to work even harder but now i just feel like I’ve been failing really hard. Today some decisions I made a while ago came to bite me in the ass and now I can’t sleep because all the shit on my mind. I actually can’t remember the last time I had a good night sleep. I keep on telling me it’s all gonna be ok but if I don’t shape up soon this could affect my entire life. After all this I’ve been doing some reflecting and I’ve realized how alone I am. I’ve always know this and I’ve always passed it off as jokes so what not but I’m really alone. I have 3 good friends and 2 of them I only get to hang out with over Xbox. The 3rd one I haven’t seen for like a month because of virtual school even though we still talk a lot over discord. I’m really getting worried about my social life because I’m 15 and don’t have any real close ties and I won’t even start on talking to girls cuz I’m completely hopeless especially because my greatest skill is bottling up my emotions. I think my bottling of emotions comes from me dealing with my mom. She’s got a lot of her own shit but basically whenever she gets really mad at me, my brother or dad she just really tries to hurt us. Like REALLY hurt us. I’m the only one in the family who she doesn’t know anything about and I’m aware that that protects me so I don’t tell anyone anything. I also fell really bad about this but I absolutely hate my brother and I can’t deny it anymore even though I know how unfair it is to him. He’s never done anything wrong but the fact that he’s naturally stronger, has a promised future, has plenty of friends and can do basically anything I can do but better just makes me of course super jealous even though he’s barely done anything to deserve me hating him. On top of all these things I’ve been having essential crisis’. The stress, hatred and sadness have left me wanting to just end it all and give up but I think the only thing keeping me from doing so is that I’m too scared of what’s beyond. Also the fact that I’m aware of all these things makes me think I can and should be able to better myself, but I just can’t and that makes me hate myself even more. This is the first time in my life I’ve felt totally helpless and this seems to be the only place I can turn to. Thanks to anyone who read this far.