I like a girl, but I have some things stopping me for asking her out. I need advice. (16 male) 

Okay first let me tell you how we met,

          Due to covid restrictions at my school, the students are assigned seats that they stay at for a month at a time and they can’t move their spots at anytime. (We do this to make counting exposed people easier) My friend (we can call him John) and I had planned to sit with each other at lunch, we grab our tables and continue our day. The next day John tells me that his lunch period has been changed and we can’t sit with each other. That day I sit at lunch and watch videos on mustangs, because it’s my favorite type of car. (keep that in mind for later.) I see some movement in my small room I was eating lunch in and I see my principle trying to find a seat for this girl (17 and female of course) who was absent the day of seating. I felt a super strong feeling that I needed to ask her to sit by me, I was getting lonely sitting by myself self after all. I get up to got buy myself some food and see she still hasn’t found a spot, I thought, “it’s now or never.” After that invited her to come sit by me. When I get through line and return to my spot, to my surprise she’s sitting there where John used to sit.

     Now here is some insight on me.

     My dad works at the school that I go to l, and I am currently in a bad relationship with this girl I never really saw more than a friend. In other words I couldn’t get myself to break her Heart and I was leading her on. This was horrible of me and I am not proud of that. My family learned that the new superintendent and school board wasn’t a fan of my dad for his opposing political views and his plan for budgeting. My family will be moving up to two hours away after this school year is over. I take this opportunity and end my current relationship.

(Now back to my crush)

         We have been sitting together at the table for a week after I had broken up with my ex. I tell her this and she seems concerned for my situation but we really just continue talking about other things than that. As of yet I haven’t developed feelings for her. So I get her Snapchat and I add her, now that I don’t have a girlfriend. We don’t talk much other than send streaks for a while, but after that I send her a snap other than streaks. She takes a little bit to respond but when she does it’s full face snaps, which is usually a good sign. We snap every now and then but not too often. I start to devlope feelings.

       So, this is my last year at my school. So I want to get into the only event they are still doing this year, prom. I thought I had no way of getting in as a sophomore, but I remembered my crush. (let’s call her A.M) She is a junior and for what I know she doesn’t have anyone yet. I plan on using a way of inception to make her ask me, I make a story of how I want my guy friend to invite me to prom so he can get me in, then to just go and hangout with the homies, and my dad won’t let it happen Becuase that’s not what proms about. I tell A.M this and she says that she is sorry. Then she says that she could walk me in. (Kaching!!!) So this is making pretty happy and she gives me some good signs, we are snapping videos to each other so I can see some of those body language signs as well.

        Now this is where things get hard, one day when I pull into school I see this beautiful 2015-17 blue mustang pull into the parking lot while I’m unloading my trombone from my trunk. I decide to stick around because I want to talk to the owner. I pretend like I’m putting books in my bad in my car and as the owner walks by to my surprise, it’s A.M. I’m shocked, I can’t really remember what I said because this person I’ve become really good friends with owns the car of my dreams, we talk about the car for a bit then go out separate ways into the school. At lunch we talk about the mustang and we have a good time. Later that week I ask her if she knows someone I do (A.M and the person I asked if she knows have the same last name), to my surprise it’s her father and this person works a very high income job. That morning when I go to school I ask my friends if they know A.M and it’s pretty much common knowledge at the school that she’s up there in wealthier kids in school. 

(Fast forward about a month)

A.M and I have become very close friends, and I have developed mad feelings for her, But this is where the fact that she’s rich begins to really suck. So far 20% of our conversations have been about her car and some of them even her owning a bunch of things that are more than what even my current “rich” friend has. This scares me, because who know how many guys are going out with her just for the money, getting rides in the mustang, getting big valentine and Christmas gifts, and so on. I realize that we are in school and her current wealth is most likely not going with her when she moves out of the house. And as of right now she knows that I fangirl over mustangs. So now I am afraid she thinks I’m one of those money chaser guys.

 Why I’m not asking her out or advancing our friendship.   

      My ex and I have been friends since elementary. Our family’s know each other and are good friends. I lied to my ex and everyone else that I broke up with her Becuase I am unable to do a long distance relationship after I move, instead of the truth which is I didn’t really feel like I could marry her. Asking A.M out or advancing our friendship would be proving to everyone that I lied to my ex and I just couldn’t do that to her because I’m bad enough breaking her heart. 

    So here I am not typing out this post, please DM me if you are genuinely interested in helping me and I can give you more information I left out. Thank you guys for taking your time to read this. 

Here is my question for you, What should I do to ask her out with confidence, and prove to her that I like her for who she is?