update on my parent’s(well mom), ill provide a link to the previous one So, essentially, I have lost all remaining shrivels of respect I had for my mom today. Lets start after school, I didn’t mention it on my previous post, but I’m a member of my school’s JROTC color guard team. At the beginning of it I had felt my phone buzzing, so I knew someone was calling me, however we were in a formation with all the teams so I couldn’t exactly pull it out and answer as we were at the position of attention. So anyways, we split off into our teams, and me and one of the left side rifles were practicing in place rifle movements(order arms, shoulder arms, port arms, present arms etc etc). We took a break for about a minute after continuous movements to rest our arms and teach some of the cadets newer to color guard. It was around this time I set my rifle down on a wall and checked my phone, of which I had turned off the aforementioned buzzer, only to see my mom had called me 5 times. Still couldn’t answer the phone. Anyways, we packed up, sanitized our rifles(covid procedure), and placed them on their respective rack. I grabbed my bag, and called my mom to pick me up, when she answered she was yelling. I wont say exactly what she said, as it turned somewhat vulgar, but I digress. She came to pick me up, as she forgot I had practice on Thursday’s(note I’d been going to PT practice every Wednesday and drill practice every Thursday since school came back face to face, even a bit before then.) I was sitting with my buddy, whose relatively new to everything to give him some tips and show him some stuff when she pulled up. I got in the car, and almost immediately she started yelling. She calmed down about a block later, and asked me if I had asked my english teacher about a missing assignment. We’re on a 4 period per day block schedule, meaning you go to each class every other day, I had english yesterday, so I didn’t have it today, not to mention I had been moved out of that class due to my school’s jumble fuck of a scheduling crisis to another english class during the same period, and had told her the night before. See how uninvolved and careless she is about me? Her own son. Anyways, that’ll be important for what I’m about to say next.

I had been sitting in my room, about an hour ago, and was reading a boom my dad had gotten me(The White Donkey, by Maximilian Uriarte) which I had been wanting for a few weeks before he bought it for me. I had gotten to a stalemate of the book, when I decided to go downstairs and grab some water. By the time I had reached the base of the staircase, I could hear my mom talking with a friend and laughing. Stating; “He sent me something so funny, I was laughing while reading it.” and my immediate thoughts were she was already talking to another guy already, after 20 years of marriage, no, this is not what she was doing, in fact what she was doing I consider even more messed and cowardly. She was talking about my dad, who had stated over SMS after agreeing to take me to the doctor(another story, messed up my arm but thats another story, which also involves her neglect of supervision towards me and my brother). He had stated(if you read my previous post this makes more sense) “The boys still need a father, I’m trying my best to provide what I can for them, but as long as you pro-long this divorce I wont be able to at the end of the day, I’m sleeping in my own truck and if I’m lucky a friend’s couch.” I overheard this, on the base of the stairs, my mother, reading this out in a mockingly shaken voice, about my father, as her and her friend laughed about it. They were laughing in my father’s plea for mercy, a man who has been serving the public since 1989 in the fire EMS service, seeing more things then we could ever imagine every day, for her to let him have a chance to see and provide for his children. She didn’t even have the balls to disrespect him like that in his face, she does it here, where she can hide in the house he still pays all the bills for, behind doors of which she switched out the locks of so he couldn’t come and see his own fucking kids. 

If you’re reading this before I edit, I’m working on getting the link, it will be added where this text is currently in a few minutes.