my teacher smashed my classmates "phone" (sorry for bad english)

i live in germany and i go to a electrical engineering school since a week or so. we have there a teacher that i found pretty unlikable because he constantly behaves like we know everything already and speaks to us like we are dumb kids if we are a little bit behind. like i already said i go to a electrical engineering school so phones are mostly allowed in class, except his class. and so, today, a class mate of mine took his phone out during the class and as soon the teacher saw the phone he instantly confiscated it and started to scold my classmate. but then, without anyone saying or doing anything, he completely flipped and started shouting things like " we are here not at vacation " and through the phone at the ground with full force. it shattered in many pieces and the whole class was instantly quiet. i thought that dude gonna beat the hell out of the teacher but no. he just sat there looking confused af. no one could believe what they just saw myself included. and then my teacher starts to laugh like he did the most hilarious prank that ever existed. and then what literally no one expected, my classmate also starts to laugh and then while looking at us he says " what you guys thought that was my real phone ? " . it turns out he had an iphone and iphones dont break in pieces like that. at first he wanted to beat the teacher up for breaking his phone but after realizing that it couldnt be his phone he stopped. finally after every one was left confused the teacher says that he bough an broken phone just for such instances and that he put my classmates phone in his pocket then taking out the already broken out and smashing it. after giving him his phone back he said "no seriously dont use your phones in my class" and then continued the class. i was left SHOCKED i tell you. i still dont like him but that gave him huge bonus point in my mind.

TL;DR: teacher confiscated a phone, switched it with an already broken phone and smashed it in front of the whole class to teach them not to use phones in his class.