I just had the worst day in a while (not that you guys care) Today was my first day of school. The morning was alright, although I was nagged by my little siblings about useless stuff and I forgot some things. But then at school, I requested a schedule change and all the office did was tell me to fill out a form, which I had done but forgot that I did. I go to sit down at a table and there is the social distancing teacher nazi who says we can only go in the band room one at a time. So I wait, and school starts before I can go early to drop my instrument off. Band is 1st hour, so it's ok but still annoying having to wait.

Band was fine, 2nd hour was fine, although 0 friends in the class. 3rd was better, but we went over a lot. 4th was not that great and there was a lot that was gone over, and passing what should I see but my crush linked in arms with her bf.

And then 5th hour. I go to the room on my schedule, and it is empty and locked. I wait for my teacher past the tardy bell alone until someone helps me. I go to the front office, and all they do is tell me to fill out the schedule change form, until someone else in there gets me into a lunch and a class to go to until my schedule is changed. I (a super introvert with most likely social anxiety) have to explain in front of the class what was going on until I sit down. At lunch, I have my crush (somewhat of a friend but I know who she really cares about) in there, and that's about it for friends. When I sit at a table with acquaintances, the sd (social distancing) nazi tells one of us to move because we are too close even though people all around us are sitting as close and he doesn't get onto them.

After that boring lunch, 6th hour I finally get a few friends in my class and that was pretty good, and 7th I also have a very good friend.

I finally get home and settle down for a few games of league, that I lose all of them all the while my sister nagging me. At the end of an almost winning game, it is dinnertime and time to feed my pets and my dad and mom both scold me for not feeding the pets right directly at 5:00 sharp. I have to turn the game off and WAIT ANOTHER 15 MINUTES BEFORE DINNER IS READY! Wth! At dinner, I am dropping things a lot and can't remember what I'm supposed to do. Now I'm here.

Thank you for reading that.