Have you ever met a boy who makes you angry without even opening his mouth? I have.

I had to sit next to him every day until quarantine started.

(sorry if this is formatted weird, I’m new to Reddit &amp; on my phone)

Where a normal person would have a heart, a soul, or a brain, this absolute fingernail of a human person had Marvel and DC. He simply could NOT comprehend the fact that some people like things OTHER than Marvel and DC. He couldn’t wrap his dusty twig of a brain around the fact that different people have different interests!

My friend would bring up JJBA, and this rabid incel would scoff—his nose buried in a half built lego batmobile—before calling the entire show worthless sh*t.

My poor friend would look away before sullenly responding something about how it has a lot of flaws, but he still loves it so much! Barf-for-brains doesn’t care, he has his opinion.

I was talking to this friend about my favorite game—Skyward Sword! I had *barely* started my sentence, i think i just said, like, “I’ve been replaying Skyward Sword and I’m so happy about it—“ 

GUESS WHAT

lord supreme, ruler of all things and the most knowledgeable of all media has an opinion that i simply MUST hear (even though i have not addressed him)

No, hangnail, i don’t care that you think Skyward Sword is the worst zelda game

Because i never asked

and because i was VERY clearly talking about how much i like the game with someone. else.

My friend brought up how she was happy that Billie Eilish won some music award to me and a couple of other people. 

He stands up, walks to our table, and then says “she didn’t deserve the award”

SERIOUSLY when did i ask?? when did i kneel at your feet—BEGGING for your hot takes on the current music industry??

This is the kid who told be that Marvel soundtracks were the epitome of music.

He told me. The Instrumental Music major. Who has been in several different orchestras and performed in several different shows, created my own music, and appreciated different musical artists from around the world. That MARVEL soundtracks were all that and a bag of chips. 

I have to laugh.

I think he brought that up while I was talking to my friend about how much I love Joe Hisaishi and i said something along the lines of “this man is a musical genius” or “Hisaishi has made some of the best music of the current era”

Good lord it was exhausting being around his inflated ego first thing in the morning every day.

I might add to this later if i remember more infuriating things about him, but for now here’s my back to school rant.