Depression is Hard to Explain with Asian Parents Like Mine. Hi! This is my first post and I just think I have to let it all out here. 

I grew up in a family where traditional mindset exists on them where during their time Depression doesn't exist and that's what they believed in. So Moving on I got myself checked by a Professional Psychiatrist in my school during senior high that I was clinically diagnosed with depression since self harming everyday is not a normal thing. When I found out I was clinically diagnosed with depression I felt Happy and Sad, I felt Happy because I knew I was not over reacting at things and I wasn't Crazy meanwhile I'm sad because no matter how I tried convincing my parents that I think I have depression at a young age yet they never believed me they would tell me I'm over reacting, I'm being dramatic, it's nonsense and many more hurtful things to the point I would get slapped by my mum much worst if they would caught me crying for no reason I'd get beaten up. They think Depression doesn't really exist they just see people over reacting at certain things. 

Years have already passed and they still think the same thing about it. Meanwhile I had my own battles with it for years without their help (they're actually the main reason why I had it, I grew up where High Grades is a Must and You Should Be Good at everything or else You're a Disgrace in the Family... I live under my brother's shadow since his their favourite not me) I've been pressured by the idea of not living beyond their expectations until now in my university life I still can't get out of it. 

Depression is so scary so guys No Matter How Hard it is. Please fight for it. Ask for help . Open up to your friends. If some people from your circle of friends told you that they're depressed and they can't say it to their family Please be there for them... Before it's too late...

If You're Still Reading this PLEASE FEEL FREE TO VENT ON ME Just Put a Title to Your Message So that I'd know and I'd be Happt to Lend My Ears because I know the feeling too well and I wanna help even just a bit by listening and giving advices as much as I could if I don't reply immediately I might be sleeping or in class or working but I'd still do my best to respond ... as A friend so Yeah... 

KEEP SAFE EVERYONE~