im going to post this on facebook for my entire family to see :'D  

Ever since I was little I have been discouraged for sharing my emotions. Every time I opened up about my feelings I have been laughed at or told to “Man up” if I talked about my feelings. So at the age of 11 I started to suppress my emotions, I thought I was tough by doing so. I thought I was controlling them. It felt weird at first but slowly got easier and easier to do. And by the age of 12 I started to feel empty and hollow inside, and it got worse as I aged. At 13 I felt awful but I thought it was normal because it was what I was used to.  


I was also told from a very young age that being gay is wrong. Which I never agreed with, I felt that all people should get treated with equal respect and it made me sad when people were mean to gay people. And I thought I was just a supporter of them for a very long time until I was 13, I started to think I might be bisexual but I got scared by that because of what people thought of them and pushed it down as I did with everything else. Those feelings stayed dormant until June 1st, 2020.  
I woke up from a dream where I was bisexual, Nobody was telling me I was bisexual and I wasn’t doing anything that hinted towards me being bisexual, I just knew that I was. And so I decided to search up help for it, help to see if this is just teenage hormones or the real thing. I started to read up on different things in the LGBTQ+ community, the terms, the people, the history. It all made so much sense reading it. It felt like a part of my body was becoming whole once I found a part of myself.  
But I was wrong, I’m not bisexual. I found out that there are more than 2 genders, fascinated by this concept I kept reading. 20 or so days later I came to the conclusion that I’m pansexual.  
In simple terms, I have no preference for who I am attracted to or who I date. It doesn’t matter if they are a girl, a guy, or any other gender.  
And for the second part of this coming out,  
Ever since I finished puberty I hated every inch of my body. I kept growing taller and taller and people kept praising me and I just had to go along with it or they would ask questions on why. I hated my voice, I hated whenever people tried to impersonate my voice by lowering theirs, it felt like they were mocking me. It reminded me of what I hated about myself. I felt gross when people talked about my masculine features, my mustache, my leg hair, my voice, my height. I just wanted to go back to whenever I wasn’t this hairy ape.   
And reading about the different genders made everything make more sense, I was experiencing dysphoria.  
And nobody cared. I tried opening up about my discomfort with my leg hair to my dad once before even knowing I was dysphoric. I told him that I hated my leg hair and it grossed me out. He told me that I will get used to it, and I believed him.   
Nope, every time I see my facial hair or my leg hair I feel like I’m going to throw up, I cover my legs with jeans to hide them and it works but every time I dont have jeans on and I look at them it feels worse and worse for me every time.  
So I’m not going to prolong this any longer.  
I’m Transgender.  
My new name is Jayden and my pronouns are She/Her. Please refer to me as these and dont make it a big deal. If you have any questions or concerns put them in the comment section. If you message me please do not expect a reply.