In need of a friend ? Well today is your lucky day ! Do you find yourself alone ? Aimlessly scrolling Reddit looking for a tiny bit of social interaction ? Well you're in luck . I'm looking for friends who will tolerate me sending them dumb memes and getting excited about things that no one else cares about ! Not interested yet ? Well then , here's a little about me !

I'm 15 , demi-boy . I use he/they pronouns . I am very gay and **will not hesitate to make gay jokes** . Also , I'm not a furry but if you're a furry you're fucking wonderful ! 

My interests ? I draw an unhealthy amount , obsessively watch channels like Worst Premade Ever and Salt Raiders . You get a cookie if you also watch them .  I like roleplay games . Which ones ? All of them . Except Fallout 76 . But who does ! 

I will probably compliment the hell out of you and probably flirt sometimes because I suck at socialising ! Don't worry . I'm not in love with you . Unless . . . 

Hm ? What's that I hear ?  " Hey , this idiot sounds pretty cool "  ?  Well let me ruin that for you by giving you a handful of warnings !

I like outdated memes , and I'm sorry in advance ! I will roleplay a dab if it gets awkward ! 

Also . You might think I'm cute and harmless on the surface . Sure , I post cute drawing and my profile picture is 90% pink . But my mental health is as big a train wreck as my parents relationship ! And I will make dark , self deprecating jokes too often . Don't mind me ! 

&amp;#x200B;

So you're at the end of my post that will probably not be noticed . Congratulations !!

Find me annoying ? Downvote and move on ! 

Are overall neutral ? I dunno ! You do you bud . 

Want to be friends ? You should message for my Discord tag ! 

Also want to be friends but are too nervous to message me ? That's okay ! Try to message me , and just let me know you're shy . And I will be extra careful not to scare you off , and extra patient if you take an hour or even a week to reply ! Hell even a month . I'll still be very friendly !

&amp;#x200B;

TL;DR - I would like some friends , DM for my Discord tag .