(storytime, sorry fellow meme lords I might post a meme after this) My little sister friends but not So my sister is very antisocial, and no she is not an introvert its just she doesn't have good luck with making friends. All of her classmates are like clipped out of an American movie and she is like clipped out of her mothers womb, kinda cold, competitive and lowkey Karen. Her only friends are two boys but that's only because they share passion for Star Wars (not saying it's bad I also like it but they are mostly into the action but not the plot). Now these two boys are mostly just buddies to play with in recess. Yes. So she doesn't really have a best friend nor a friend who is a girl. Now as a girl with many bestfriends I really want her to get more friends that are girls. You can relate a lot more to each other and you get a lot more support and in my opinion at least all girls I have met yet are just overall way funnier than boys. (DISCLAIMER, I'M ONLY TALKING ABOUT PEOPLE THAT I HAVE MET I'M SURE THERE ARE GOOD BOYS OUT THERE BUT HERE IS WHERE ALL THE RUDE ONES HANG) I have told her many times that it might be nice to find some girls to befriend but she never listened so I stopped a while ago. Now a new school year starts and new students join her class. one of them is a girl. Guess what, the new girl gets a seat between my sister and one of the bully sidekicks! She finally has a chance to get a real friend! She told us about the setup of seats at dinner and I immediately started to talk to her about how to befriend her. She said she couldn't even approach her, the bully sidekick already got to her. They were together all the time and if the sidekick was with the bully she always made sure the new girl was close and if my little sister would start talking to the new girl the sidekick would immediately come to collect the new girl. ,,She even makes the new girl watch her play basketball!" my little sister said. I immediately got an idea. If the sidekick was playing basketball my sister had a chance to talk to the new girl!!! I excitedly tell her my plan but instead of going with it she made a frowny face and said back ,,um, *I* want to play basketball too!!". I'm sorry if you wanted a giant tea spill drama or anything else than this I really am sorry but I find this hilarious🤣🤣🤣 She actually chose basketball over a friend. I knew she was competitive but this? This is not meant to hate on anybody but I just wanted to tell anybody this 😂