So I have knee surgery tomorrow and a story to tell about it. So, just a warning, I am a terrible storyteller.

Also tl;dr at the top - grapefruit brain falls off skateboard and is now a cripple

Some backstory: I live in West Coast Oregon and in my town there is a popular set of skate hills to go down. Two in a row on one smooth, barely used road. As a result, me and my group go there just about daily. Not only that, but I had just gotten a new board and wheels. 
Also, my crew. There's James, a reckless kid that could shake off a broken thigh bone, Wyatt, the... interesting one that has no balls to do anything, and Alex, who was my gf at the time.

Before this... fateful day, I had only gone down this hill on my bike. My friend, we'll call him James, goes down this hill on his longboard daily, with or without us. One day, I was feeling pretty good about myself, what with my new wheels and all. So I decide to stop being a p*ssy and go down this hill myself.

About as soon as I kick off, I know there's no getting off this ride. About halfway down the hill, I'm having the time of my life, feelings like Lightning McFuckingQueen. So I decide to raise my arms in celebration above my head.

This is where everything goes wrong. As I lift my hands above my head, I start wobbling. Just about 1/2 inch, but still wobbling. By this time I'm about 3/4 of the way down this hill.

The wobbling gradually got worse. And worse. And worse. I'm going like 3 feet across this road by this point, and I realize that my only option is to jump off. There's a ditch to my left and concrete to my right. So I make the obviously sensible decision, and jump straight into traffic. 

As I'm falling, I didn't remember to *rotate* when I jumped. As a result of this, I'm flying about 3 feet above the ground going about 7 mph, and *sideways*. This isn't good

Then, impact. It wasn't completely terrible at the time, but it sure as hell hurt. Now, I forgot to mention that my friends at the top of the hill could see Me this entire time. When they saw my dumb ass grapefruit brain collapse, all of them but Wyatt started riding down the hill (safely) to see how badly I'm fucked up. At this point, I try to stand and shake it off, and I can't do... anything with my left leg. I tried to flex it, and it spazzed out and then went limp.

Once my friends arrived, one of them called my mom, and they lifted me into the field on the other side of the ditch. By this point, I know I'm screwed, I just don't know how badly yet.

Anyways, some time goes by, I'm screaming on the ground that everything hurts, and eventually Mom comes. We lift me into the car, I go home, take some ibuprofen, and sleep fo about 20 hours.

Cut to now, and I just found out that it's a torn ACL and that I'm getting surgery on Friday with about 6 months' recovery time. Wish me luck Reddit, and I'll try to keep this updated if anyone's interested.

oh yeah P.S I can walk and everything now, it just hurts a lot and can get a lot worse if left untreated.