Is my friend really my friend? Okay guys, so I know you probably saw this question many times, but there is this guy that I am friends with that really gets me thinking: is he really my friend? does he really care about me? does he just not like talking about his feelings like he told me?

Before I get started, I wanna let you know that I am an 18 years old guy. I tend to be really sensitive, dramatic and clingy sometimes.

So, let's just say that his name is Robbie (not real name) In general, he is a positive and funny companion, especially at school. He can really brighten your day, but if you get him angry and you are as sensitive as I am, he can also be a total insensitive asshole.

Long story short, we quickly became friends because I really liked his personality and he really seemed to want to befriend me. At first we were just like buddies, but as years passed we got closer, especially after I secretly bought him his favorite PS4 game and I started confiding in him about my personal problems.

He is also a really good listener. When I was telling him my unfortunate events, I could see it in his eyes that he was close to crying. I took it as a hint that he can be trusted and that he is indeed a good person.

After I gave him the game, he was so happy and he kept telling me how much he loved me and wouldn't stop texting me with compliments and everything.

Then quarantine started and everything went downhill. Let's say I got a little obsessed with him, and he noticed that, which made him uncomfortable. After a while, a thing lead to another and then we were having a fight on WhatsApp about how I am going to be eaten alive by the world if I keep being like he said I am: a pussy and a homosexual (he said I act gay because when I was having a breakdown, I rested my head on his shoulder and that made him uncomfortable). He admitted that I make him uncomfortable sometimes and that I make drama of anything.

When he started insulting me I really got upset, so I blocked him. But I just couldn't live without him, so I unblocked him the next day, messaged and called him many times, but he ignored me, and he later explained to me when we were friends again that I was creeping him out.

During the summer holiday, I had many fights with him, and all of them started because I was being too dramatic, that's what he said to me. To be honest, I was jealous that he spent more time with his other friends than he spent with me, and I always felt left out for unknown reasons. I don't know if it's an instinct or just my paranoia. So, when all these fights started, it was about me going off at him that he'd prefer to hang out with his other friends, or that he doesn't care about me, etc, although he always assured me that he really is my friend.

It should also be noted that when my birthday party was near and I invited him, he literally canceled a beach trip with his girlfriend and her family to come to my party, and of course I invited his girlfriend, too, cuz why not. But then he found out he was in contact with a friend who had Covid, so he freaked out and canceled all his summer vacation plans, but that didn't bother me, because the situation was really understandable.

I just have a gut feeling that something is "not right" with him, but I can't figure out if it's just my mind playing tricks with me or I might actually be onto something. He also used to laugh at the jokes my other classmates made about me, but he confessed to me that he did it because he was stupid and he wasn't thinking about my perspective.

Sometimes I'd call him and we'd have conversations that lasted more than an hour, and he really seemed to enjoy speaking with me, both on the phone and in person. He seems like the type who is more into f2f conversations, but we couldn't get to see each other after school was canceled, so that would probably be seven months.

Anyways, I had many arguments with him (which surprisingly always ended up with him forgiving me and then things went back to normal real quick), some of the arguments were also because he would sometimes leave me on "Seen", even when he really had to respond. He said that I am making big deals of nothing and that I am exhausting.

I tried having a calm text conversation with him, and I tried telling him that I'm not his punching bag, but a human being with feelings just like him, and most of the time I am afraid he might judge me if he misinterprets something or if I say something stupid, he said he doesn't know what to say and then left me on "Seen" again. God I hate those fucking Seen's. But then I got more insistent, called him an insensitive asshole and kind off attacked him by saying that he only thinks about himself and he is always blaming others but never takes responsibility for his mistakes and he went off at me and said stuff like "I already have enough shit on my plate what do you want from me yes I know I'm shitty I am shitty are you happy now?" Afterwards I left him alone for a few days but then I came back and apologized AGAIN and he forgave me AGAIN. He also once stated that he was a complete douchebag with me and that he regrets it, "just because I'm angry most of the time doesn't mean I have to take it out on others", yet he keeps making the same mistakes. He never changes.

It should also be noted that he told me he used to cut himself because of an ex-girlfriend who cheated on him, but I suspect he might have some personal issues, probably family related, as he told me that I can't do anything to change the current situation.

Today, we had a fight again, because I was involved in a Powerpoint school project with him and my bff (who is a girl btw) and me and that girl did all the work, because I know he has a shitty PC he can barely use. When we finished and said that we're done on a Whatsapp group, he left us on seen and I told him that a simple "thank you" would've been appreciated. Then, he started thanking us and even sent us a "You are the best" Youtube link, but I didn't buy it, I thought it was bullshit. He didn't really mean it. When a friend works on smth that can definitely get you an A and you don't have to do anything you really can't say a simple "thank you"?

And then I kinda went off at him again and he said that he would've thanked us later anyways but I said that I know that he would probably forget about it a day later cuz let's face it he really would and then "fuck you" he said. I tried having a calm, normal conversation with him but to no avail. Now I think he is mad at me again. Friends don't insult each other out of respect, do they? Especially when they are AWARE that you are a sensitive person.

There is so much to this story but I can't write it all in here. He always defended me when I was dealing with a threatening person, always there for me even if he just woke up in the morning and I was calling him for help, yet he never invites me to his birthday parties because he thinks his group of friends will make me uncomfortable, which is damn true, those guys AREN'T my type. He hangs out with his friends but when it comes to hanging out with me he is always "at home" which is kinda far away from where I live, but I am afraid he just might not want to spend time with me. It's really complicated. He is complicated, and he knows it.

Do I have a grudge on him? Or does he have one on me? Is this about a personality disorder which I or Robbie could be suffering from? Am I the problem here? Should I keep being friends with him if things will be okay between us? What should I do next? Is he really my friend? Thanks for your attention. That's all.