Can't spill the beans elsewhere So awhile back about a year and a half ago I ended a really long relationship with a friend, we had been friends for around 5 years I think but it was on and off for 2 of them I might be wrong about that though we were the type of friends who didn't really value that. Although it really wasn't sunshine and rainbows for the last 2 years around when I entered 7th grade. At lunch one day he just started making fun of me like seriously bad, enough to sometimes make me cry on the spot which then he would berate me even more about crying. The saddest thing about all this is that at the time my other friends went along with it. Out side of school I had other problems at the time that I didn't recognize until later, I had become severely deppressed during my 6th grade year looking back now, and that was due to stuff going on in my neighborhood that didn't make me feel safe. I've gotten out of there just so you guys know, and just to make it clear my family didn't have anything to do with it(I love all of them to death) but coming out of sixth grade I had almost flunked out as I stopped doing my work all together and my math teacher berated and bullied me every day, and so when he (my toxic friend) started being mean to me I didn't realize what was happening and thought it was normal and that I just had to deal with it. But moving on later in that year they kept making fun of me it eventually stopped when I asked my now best friend to stop and she said that she did feel bad but we'll call him Oreo (my toxic then bestfriend who this is about) had made her feel pressured to try speak out against it. I forgive her now because looking back I know how she felt and I forgive her for what she did. 
But she and the others talked to him and got him to stop bullying me at school at least, they basically called him out and looking back it was great that it stopped but then the abuse just became more private and away from their eyes. I'll make a part two later as this is already way too huge.