I Need Help Coming Up With Ways To Stay At School The title likely sounds weird, but let me explain. (This'll probs get lost in new.)

I am a 19 yr old guy. I haven't left my house in the past 5+ months. This is mainly because of the pandemic that has gone on. But there are also other reasons that stem from my parents.

I live in my parent's home with 3 younger sisters, a grandma, a mom and a dad. But the thing is, for me, it is troublesome to live here. I won't go into specifics, but at any time I could just suffer and argument and then be kicked out for really no reason. I do not feel safe here, but I can't do anything about it.

Why?

Because my parents control the funds for my car, my college, where/if I can work, my phone bills, and overall where I go and what I do.

To give context, the only times I am allowed to exit my home is to take out the trash or mow the lawn. There are arguments basically every day between someone in the house, I am basically not allowed to voice any real opinions, and I am not at all understood here (and no, that is not an exaggeration). My parents basically control everything in my life. 

However, over these same few months, I have gone through several things, even despite the bad conditions for me. Some of these include, but are not limited to, finding myself a supportive girlfriend, getting my first real art commission, and signing up for classes on my own.

But here is the thing: Because I have so little freedom, I wanted to push towards being able to use time at school as my true free time - as I normally would. I scheduled in person classes at certain times that allowed me to be on campus all day.

But now there have been several wrenches thrown into that plan.

Most of my classes have switched to online, and the ones that haven't are both one per day and at only one time throughout the day. So this means that 1. I feel as if I might not succeed in these classes because of what hapoened last semester, and 2. I will not be able to see my girlfriend or normal friends or anything like that except for maybe a few moments. 

And I can't take much longer. I've been suffering for the past 5 months. I really fucking hate it here in this house, yet I can barely do anything to get out of it. This is all I have left.

I want to experience things with my first girlfriend. I want to hang out with friends. I want my life to at least get a LITTLE bit of normal back into it. And of course of I could I'd be safe about it, but... I'm at a loss. I dont know what to do anymore.

So I come here asking this (maybe its not the right place to, maybe not), what ways are there for me to be able to stay on campus longer without suspicious from my parents or any issues? How in the world can I get away from them if I can't do all these things? Is there any hope for me?

My classes start on the 17th. I have no idea how anything will go at this point. I just want out, and to see my girlfriend. That's it.

Why is that so hard to ask?

...Thanks for reading.