I hate it when people say that they have depression when they have a bad day or something, when there are people out there genuinely suffering and struggling to keep their will to live Yes, I know this has been done over 100 million times probably but I just want to say this.

&amp;#x200B;

Stop faking depression! If you feel like you have depression, get tested. There are people actually suffering from depression but we don't get the help we need because of you little shits whining for attention. Nobody cares that you had a bad day and need to cry a bit, everybody has those days. But please, for the LOVE OF GOD, stop doing this. You haven't spent an entire day planing suicide, you haven't spent a month locking yourself in your room hoping that you will starve to death, you haven't cried for 5 hours straight because you tell yourself nobody wants you here, you haven't convinced yourself that the world would be a better place without you, you haven't slit a body part, and I know for a fact you haven't actually attempted suicide. Please stop, you get nothing from this, and you only make it worse for us. I'm sick and tired of your bullshit, no more. Please, please, \*please\*, just leave us alone and attention seek somewhere where it hurts nobody. You people make me sick, and I can't even turn to my parents anymore for help. They just say I want attention, but I don't. I want help, I want to live in a life where I don't want to die every single second, I want happiness, not more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more of the same shit. It's just a cycle of me wanting to die, and you don't care. You want attention. You want validation. I want help. I want happiness. But you ruined it, and I can't take this anymore. You may think that it can't be \*that\* bad, but it is so much worse than you can even imagine. I've lost my will to live so long ago, and you guys fill the maze for it back with dense fog so nobody can see. I hate all of you. You are terrible people, and you don't deserve the attention you get. You are happy, you just want something extra. We are not. We just want at least some happiness, but you snatch it away from us just so you can have it. Stop it. Stop it please. Nobody wants you here, yet you are. Go away, and never come back.