Here's a story I wrote in 8th grade about Bob the Builder and Fortnite Bob the Builder sat on his metal toilet that he stole from the homeless shelter.

"I need a new medium for construction." He said discreetly to himself. 

"Oh I know!" He yelled. The rumble of his manly voice shook the walls of his wooden shack that he stole from the backyard of the homeless shelter.

"I can build stuff in Fortnite battle royale!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Bob the Builder shouted. His voice was soon drowned out by the sound of him farting excessively from the constipation he got after eating that doughnut he picked out of the dumpster from the homeless shelter. 

Bob the Builder walked out of his wooden shack and walked down the streets of the city. He walked over to the Fatman Homeless Center and pushed through the glass doors. He walked up to a random homeless guy who was sitting at a table and poking a live squirrel with his pencil. 

"Excuse me, ma'am? CAN I BORRRRROWWW DAT SQUIRRRLLLL DAT YOU HAAFF???" Bob the Builder yelled violently. He had to be direct if he wanted to intimidate the homeless guy, who was very muscular as a result of all his bank robberies. 

"YESSSS DUUUUUDEEE!" The homeless guy cried. He began shaking violently and fell out of his plastic folding chair. 

"Thank you ma'am" Bob said casually. 

Bob grabbed the squirrel and ran across the street to the Apple store. He ran up to the clerk and yelled savagely at him. 

"GIVE ME APPLE PRODUCT TO PLAY FORTNITE ON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" He shouted while shaking the squirrel in the clerk's face. 

"OH! Mommy save me!!!!!" He whimpered. He pulled a big, red apple out of the trash can and tried to hand it to Bob.

Instead, the squirrel bit the apple with his strangely large mouth and started shaking the apple around. 

"NO! BAD SQUIRREL!" Ranted Bob. He took the apple from the mouth of the squirrel and smashed the squirrel's head on the counter of the Apple store. The squirrel was unscathed, and he ripped off the fur on his chest to reveal a Superman outfit. 

"NO! IT'S SQUIRRELMAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Screamed Bob. He pulled out his chainsaw and began trying to slice the squirrel in half. The squirrel used his laser vision and melted through the chainsaw.

Squirrelman then fired his laser vision at Bob's head. Luckily for Bob, his forehead had been buttered so much and was so shiny that the laser vision bounced off and hit Squirrelman in the face. Squirrelman suddenly began squeaking and blew up in a puff of feathers.

"FATALITY" Said the announcer in the sky, who sounded an awful lot like the guy from Mortal Kombat. 

Bob went back to his shack with his big red apple. He pulled his pants down and sat on the toilet, since it was the only piece of furniture he had. Naturally, he began farting excessively. His farts were so powerful that the air made the toilet water splash onto Bob's butt. Bob was shaking the apple in his hands, yelling at it to try and figure out how to play Fortnite with it. He shook it so much that he dropped it between his legs, and it fell into the toilet. Bob stood up in a panic. Should he reach in with his hand to get his apple back? No, that was unsanitary! He had to do something that wouldn't get him dirty. Then he remembered how Squirrelman's laser vision bounced off Bob's shiny forehead. Maybe the same thing would work with the toilet? He pushed his head into the toilet and grabbed the apple with his mouth. He tried to pull his head out, but his head was too big and he got stuck.