How can I save for big purchases and subscriptions on a low income? So yeah, there are two possible ways of reaching my goal. Which is buying things I want. Entertainment and buying things I like keep my sanity.  I get a weekly allowance of $200MXN (Mexican pesos) which is about 10 dollars.  I know, I'm a 15-year-old kid, what am I going to spend money in?  Well, I like listening to music a lot, I've been using Spotify since I got my first phone in December 2018, some months I would buy premium, and some months I would let it run for free. Spotify premium in Mexico costs 100 pesos a month, that's like 10 bucks, so that means that it takes 1/4 of the money available for me. Fortunately, there was a sale like a week ago where I would spend 115 pesos on it and I'd get 3 months, I stopped paying for premium in march so I bought it.  Then, there's PS Plus, I am a great fan of videogames, I play at least 3 to 4 times a week. I really like it not only because of the games, but because I can talk to my friends.  I also got rid of that but for 12 months, as I saw that the standard $60 price went down to 40$ so I went for it. There's also going out with friends, but because of a tight budget, I end up ordering just water or getting some coffee for 15 pesos at a 7 Eleven. Sometimes I just want to not be thinking about money, sometimes I just want to go out and spend like 300 pesos one a night out. I know I am "privileged" enough to get an allowance and to have a PS4 and to have a phone and to be able to eat. I am grateful for what I have, I love my life, but saving up for a PS5, or being able to moderately spend, or even saving up for my dream car is something I would like to have. 

There are two ways I can reach my goal, I can increase my income, or I can decrease my spending. I already regularly use coupons, I save loose change and my wallet is full of rewards programs cards. 

Is there any way I can get a job or increase my income in any way in the middle of a global pandemic? Plus, the working-age in Mexico is 18, so I can't legally get a job. I also follow the 20/30/50 budget rule to save which is 50% (100MXN) to needs (I don't have any to it shifts into frozen money I don't use) 30% (60MXN a week) to wants (eating out, PS plus, subscriptions, etc), and 20% to savings. But saving is kinda slow (40MXN a week) so that's why I want to increase income. 

So yeah, if you have any tips or knowledge to share, please enlighten me.