The Legend of Ball Nuts *a lone light flickers on above a shady figure in a chair. He’s wearing all black, and has the demeanor of a man that can kill a god. He is built very athletically, but there’s one major distinguishing feature on him: he has testicles the size of a coconut. He lights a cigarette, and begins speaking*. “My name is Rick Thunderson,” he says in a smooth, low voice,”and I am the man they call Ball Nuts. A few years ago, I got hit in the balls with a bar of uranium. Immediately, my testicles started swelling. But then they kept swelling. Suddenly, my jeans blew open and I was greeted by my oversized testicles glowing and humming gently. But despite all this, I didn’t feel pain. Hell, I didn’t even feel embarrassed that my balls were out in public. I felt a power growing in my. A power known only to heros in fictional stories until now. I faced the car of the man that hit me in the balls and punched the door. It folded like cardboard. Believe it or not, I was actually about to apologize to him before he ran away. Anyways, I went to the doctor and turns out my huge fucking nuts we’re now producing enough testosterone for 20 men, and that number was growing. I used that fully to my advantage. This newfound power and intensity allowed me to rapidly improve my physique and gave me the strength to absolutely dominate the business world. I was on top of the world, but my fat fucking nuts didn’t let me stop there. I wanted more. I wanted to be a hero. With my fortune and incredible shape, I began my life as a vigilante. Hiding my identity would obviously be futile, so I embraced my characteristics. I use weapons shaped like testicles, such as my war hammer with a set of steel balls at the end, and drive vehicles following the same theme, such as my rocket propelled hot air balloon with a balloon shaped like balls. I even discovered that this bonus testosterone allows me to hum at a low enough frequency to allow me to disintegrate people. I do not know why I have been given this mighty testicle power but all I know is all evil doers will fear me and my mighty nuts” *he stops out the cigarette and the light shuts off*