The girl I love is losing to her demons Hello. I hope you're doing well, and that everything in your life is okay. 

I'm here to look for some help, because my life is crumbling and I'm just trying to seek some advice.
I know, r/teenagers isn't really the best place for important stuff. But it's pretty much my only option considering that this is a subject a lot of you know, and also because I can't talk about this to my family (not really close to my parents), neither my friends because she didn't allow me to talk about this to them (we have the same group of friends), and r/therapy isn't really what I'm looking for.

I know this is going to be long, and I know this is probably going to get lost in new, but I could really use some help right now so I thought why not.

So, I met this girl on discord two months ago that lives about an hour from where I live. Now, I'm not really an emotionnal person, or a guy that becomes attached to someone easilly. Actually, I've never been in love before, never had a crush or anything. But, somehow, I lost control to this girl. She's like the female version of me. We connected so fast that we started facetiming together everyday, and stayed up until 4 or 5 am together. We even slept on call together.

So even though I never met her before, I fucking fell in love with her. Worst and best feeling in the world at the same time. As i said before, I'm not really of the loving type. It's to the point where I'm even sure if I even love my family the same as I love her, to tell you how she's important to me.

Eventually, like two weeks ago, I told her how I felt. I knew that she just got out of a bad relationship with a stupid boyfriend, but for me if was necessary to tell her to know if it was healthy to keep talking with her or not. She told me that her feelings were really messed up, and that she would prefer to see me irl so she could really know if the connection was there. Fair enough, so I kept talking with her.

Fast forward to last weekend, I went on a trip with my parents and my little brother, about one hour and a half by car from my home town. We went to a really nice hotel, with a pool and all that calm stuff. I told her that I wasn't going to talk a lot and that I couldn't face time with her during this period.

So I'm having a nice time, until she sends me a text at like 11 pm, saying she has a problem, but if I couldn't talk it was okay. I was about to go to sleep and was really tired because of the day, but I thought eh why not.

Now, before I continue, you should know that she had a hard past with depression. Her dad died two years ago from cancer, and it almost destroyed her. She thought about suicide, but got out of it eventually. She started feeling down at the start of lockdown, but she told me that I helped her feel better. She always tells me that when I talk with her she just thinks about being happy with me.

So, back to the story. I asked her "what's wrong?", thinking she just had a bad day or something.
And then I get this enormous text, where she explains me that today, she took a lighter, passed it under a knife, and cutted her arm with it, crying and laughing at the same time, while thinking about her dad.

Fuck, I thought. That's not cool. I immediately start writing an answer, and it's that precise moment that the universe said fuck this and my internet connection cuts off. Discord, whatsapp, ig, snapchat, and my normal messages were stopped.
It felt as if I was paralysed. Mocked by the universe. The girl I love was in pain, and I was chained to leave her in nothing more than silence for 15 minutes. I felt really mad.

When my connection came back, I instantly told her what happened and that it might happen again. She said that maybe we should talk another time. And I thought, oh no, oh no no no, I'm not letting this happen. So I told her, fuck my parents, the fact that it's midnight and that I'm really tired, I'm coming at (her home town) to help you even though it's a 5 hour walk from where I am. 
And that's the moment where everything fucked up. She started going crazy, saying that I was crazy, that I could get smashed by a car or kidnapped. And then, she told me that if I got killed, she wouldn't have a reason to live anymore.

Oh. I followed her advice and didn't come, but tried to give all my support even with my stoopid internet connection. At one point I asked her if she could promise to not do this again. She told me that she couldn't, that she didn't want to brake a promise.

And now I'm here at a standstill. What am I supposed to do ? Can I do something ? I saw a lot of posts here of people cheering because they spent a month without self-harm, so I thought this was the right place to ask about what's happening. If you have some advice, even maybe a support message for her, I would really appreciate it :)

Concerning myself, it's been a hard weekend. I cried, even if I usually never cry, because it's juste horrible knowing that she's so down that she could do... This. Was it my fault ? Am I pressuring her with my emotions ? Also, I'm definitely not the one with the worst situation here, but the fact that she told me that I was her reason to live is quite frightening. What if I Fuck up and make her mad ? What if I end up in a relationship with her, and we break up ? If she commits suicide, I don't know if I could live with it. I would probably follow her. So yeah, maybe some advice for me to haha.

Anyways, this is the end of my story. As i said before, if you have advice of any form for her or me, it would be awesome ! I never experienced depression before, and I never thought about self-harm, so I'm really lost with this situation and it makes me crazy that I don't know what to do for her.

Also I'm french so sorry if I sounded a little weird or for typos :)