People defending child pornography at my school today So, 3rd period English class( i don't come from a English country so this was to practice argumenting)

We were on a stranded island, and we could choose 3 People to save.

1 a prostitute who gave 30% of their earnings to homeless children

2 a drug addict who could write incredible pieces of music

3 a dying old man who was a military veteran

4 a child pornographer who helps millions of People as a spiritual leader at a church

5 a convicted criminal who was an incredible sculptor

6 a corrupt politician who made a system which helps the poor and needy

The other 3, would die.

So, now, onto my choises. I choose the prostitute, corrupt politician and the drug addict(it was a close one between this person and the criminal).

So, we were put in Pairs and we had to argument until we had the same choises. My partner, who chose the dying old man instead of the drug addict. I convinced her of the drug addict. Now, groups of 4. One girl chose the convicted criminal instead of the drug addict. This is where the argumenting really began. Very good Points were made, but i eventually won.

Now, groups of 8. We all already had the same choises so yeah.

Now. The final showdown. 2 groups of 8.

They choose: 

The prostitute

The corrupt politician

And the fucking child pornographer

We were... Well.. shocked. But hey, let's hear their reasons 

"Oh yeah what if they were like 16 or 17"

No, you fucking idiot. Even if they were their still underage and non consensual- legit words i said

Then it got serious. So, our turn. The drug addict could be a famous mucisian and help millions! The child pornographer may help People, but he is still a Disgusting person!

Their response. I'm not kidding. This was their response.

"Yeah but like what if he isn't a pedophile and does it for money"

My response: are you stoopid Fam?

So, i yelled: A GAY PORNSTAR WOULD NEVER FUCK A GIRL, BESIDES, ANYONE WITH A NORMAL BRAIN WOULD NEVER FUCK KIDS, HE IS A PEDO!

Then i realised we we're all being very subjectieve. So, i Came up with a very objective argument. Yeah, so, the famous musician could stop doing drugs through rehab and stuff, and help hundreds of millions of People do the same. And, besides, he's not replacable. A spiritual leader? Hell yeah! You can't just replace Micheal Jackson or Elvis Presley like that! 

Their response:

He's a fucking drug addict!

They were acting like doing drugs was worse than child rape. The fuck is wrong with them. We didn't change their mind tho. 

But then the Bell rang. The fuck is wrong with them