I’m just gonna have a quick rant about how fucking stupid my family is- So, for background knowledge, I live in Texas, my school district doesn’t provide online classes unless you have a doctor note saying you have some medical issues and all that crap, my family (mom and grandma) own a person care home and takes care of 10-13 elderly people. Me and my big brother have previously had Covid, and we were quarantined and everything. When we tested positive we just went back to school like nothing happened. Well now, my big brother STILL doesn’t wear a mask right TO THIS DAY, it’s always under his nose and I tell him “dude pull the mask up” and he’s always like “it’s fine calm down karen” and then my dad is also complaining “how do y’all wear this all day at school” and I just got pissed and really said (which is actually true) “half the people at the school don’t even wear their masks, let alone wearing them correctly, people have moved school districts just so they can have online schooling, all our principal cares about is the money, we still have football games every Friday, we still have pep rally’s that the entire school is REQUIRED to show up to”. So now, a few days later, I’m home sick, not my dumb family, me, and I promise I actually wear a mask, I still can’t even smell from when I had Covid in October, I still have fucking breathing problems and do you see me complaining about them “suffocating me”?? No, because they aren’t and if you can’t suck it up just to go to the grocery store or some shit then don’t even fin leave the house. I’m so fucking pissed because I’ve been sick all week, and Thursday I stayed home all day from the thanksgiving party, which we shouldn’t even be having. Friday I was feeling better but I still had fever and all that, my dad decided to “get me out of the house” by making me go to the mall DURING BLACK FRIDAY! The stores are fucking packed, I don’t even like shopping, I have social anxiety, I hate people, I was fucking sick, I dont know what my dad’s problem is but he just wanted to get me out of the house apparently. And by that he means “I can’t leave you alone while I go back Friday shopping” SO HE FUCKING BROUGHT ME. Ugh I’m so fucking pissed at my family. So this morning (11/29/20) I woke up and immediately ran to the bathroom and threw up. That was my first time throwing up and years, I didn’t know what to do because the last time I threw up I was a little kid, so like a little kid I just went to tell my mom and she just said “do you have a fever” then fell back asleep. So I was like ok, you’re fine, just go back to sleep. Fast forward 10 minutes and I’m throwing up again, and my dad hears it, wakes up my mom and she gives me some “non-throwing up” medicine I dont know how to spell the name of. So then about 5 minutes I throw THAT up and I eventually gave up and just sat there. Now it’s 7pm, I have school tomorrow, which I’m not going to go to because I’m going to the dr, and I’m just fucking miserable. I can’t drink water because I can’t keep that down, I can’t take my medicines I take daily for migraines, insomnia, depression, ADHD, allergies and I’m just laying here wishing I was dead. I probably have Covid again and I’m just pissed it was me and not my dumbass brother or even my dad. Ok I’m done with my rant, I’m really tired now even though I slept for like 15 hours and was only awake for 4. If there’s any typos sorry, I’m too tired to reread it. Good night peoples.