I've done so many fucked up things and I don't go a day without feeling guilty about it. It's driving me toward the edge.  

Basically I'm a 15 year old male, and everyday is a struggle. I've got some horrible things on my conscience and I'm not deserving of being here anymore. I don't know how long this post is going to be because I'm going to type what I have on my conscience right now.

Firstly, something that happened with my girlfriend, we were in bed and I was rubbing her ass, and eventually I was rubbing her clit area, I don't think I actually fingered her but maybe I did I don't even know anymore. At this point she had fallen asleep. I don't think I was even aware that she had fallen asleep until she 'woke up', but again I don't know, I guess I never do. I felt so horrible and told her what happened. She told me it was okay and that I didn't violate any of her boundaries. We then established some boundaries, and this leads me onto my next misdeed.

Once again, I was in bed with my girlfriend, this time it was early in the morning and I'm pretty sure I was still half asleep. I had my eyes shut and then I felt her giving me head. I opened my eyes and she wasn't, she was turned around, facing the other way presumably asleep. Now I don't understand why I felt that, was it a dream? I really don't know, but then I had a thought that maybe I was fucking her whilst she was sleeping. This thought ripped me apart and I know that it seems unlikely but my brain really wants me to believe it. And I guess sometimes I do. I feel horrible. I told my girlfriend about this too, and she said that it didn't happen. She said that she would have woken up and it just all sounds like a complete long shot. She said that even if it did happen, she isn't hurt and she doesn't care whatsoever. My brain can't accept this. The fact that I don't know what truly happened is killing me, so I am just assuming the worst and my brain keeps adding more complexities to the situation that further criminalise me. Maybe I did put my dick inside her purposefully, I can't remember any of it and it's making me hate myself.

I also feel horrible for some thoughts that I have, unspeakable thoughts. Thoughts about incest, rape, and more fucked up shit. Nothing I'd ever do. And I know for sure I would never do these things with intent, but the thoughts make me feel so horrible. I truly believe I'm a disgusting person.

Another thing that happened, My sister, who is thirteen (nearly fourteen), was lying on her front in the middle of the floor. As I was going past, I stomped on her foot a few times (not hard, just messing around I guess) and her ass moved. I looked. I feel so disgusting. Why would I even look at my sister like that. It's fucking disgraceful. Maybe I did it knowing her ass would move. It doesn't matter. I'm a freak either way.

I also hit my girlfriend once. She was sat on top of me and as I sat up or moved or whatever, I hit her. Now I'm pretty sure it was an accident. But again my brain convinces me otherwise and maybe it wasn't. I cried pretty much straight away, It upset me because she's been through so much and I don't want to cause her pain. She's the most amazing girl and she's been here for me through absolutely everything, no matter what, she's never left my side. She's a blessing to this cruel world.

I don't know why I'm writing this really. Maybe I want people to shame me the way I believe I deserve to be shamed. Maybe I want people to tell me I don't deserve to be shamed. Either way, I don't see myself ever being happy again. It's just constant guilt.