Possum in the girl’s bathroom at a Catholic high school My high school has mass, (don’t ask me how often I don’t pay that much attention) and 𝙄 have a sense of aversion to masses and/or Christianity.            
   So, when we had mass yesterday, it is safe to say that I already wasn’t having a good time. I had an even worse time when the shoddily streamed mass on the projector started singing “how great is our God”.   Now my dad died when I was in the sixth grade(I’m in tenth now), so I have memories of him. One of those memories was of me getting picked up from my grandfather’s house after school by my dad; we had learnt that song in music class that day and I was still pretty young, so I was singing that one verse over and over and over. I remember being so excited to go home with Dad and tell him about my day. 
       I’m standing in my homeroom class already shaking because Jesus or whatever, tearing up because again Jesus, and listening to this glitchy version of a song I sung to my late father when I was still a kid and I just can’t. This is when I start really crying and my friend notices. This friend of mine tries to help and calm me down by telling me to breathe. I am very thankful for this friend but that doesn’t entirely work because this isn’t a panic attack, so I go to the bathroom. 
    Of course, I do that dramatic “walk out of the classroom and completely break thing”; when I make it to the bathroom I sit down and cry in the handicapped stall. Because a) it’s the biggest and b) it’s the farthest from the door. Something to note is that this was the Friday before Halloween so people were allowed to get dressed up, I was one of the people that dressed up. The whole of the costume isn’t important, but what is important is that my costume had a 𝙫𝙚𝙧𝙮 good fake tail. 
   So I’m crying in the bathroom right, and I hear the door open so I go quiet. I hear shuffling and then the door closes and the person is gone. The door opens again and I hear a gasp. Door closes. Then the commotion of seniors leaving mass gets mixed with the commotion caused by the “fact” that there is some kind of annoying the girl’s bathroom. In the second to last stall people saw something furry, black, and white. Some say possum others say raccoon, and I also heard mention of a skunk. I had, at first, forgotten I was wearing the tail, and was extremely confused. Then I remembered that I was wearing the tail and came up with a plan; I would put my hand next to the tail so next time someone came in they’d see that it was just a furry. Before they came in I hear mention of calling animal control, boxes, and senior boys offering to come in and grab “me”.  Finally, the principal(this is her first year at this school) comes in and see’s that it is just me,a human person. And the rest is history. 

This is how I became the possum in the bathroom at a catholic high school.