Saturday plans with girlfriend ruined. For context, I am in the military. I am in New York and originally from Texas. This is my first duty station and I met her online. She happened to live about three hours away. Talked for months and eventually started to date which lead to the scary IRL meet-up. Her mother also suffers from anxiety and depression.

So, ever since August, I have been dating this girl. I am 19(m) and she is 18(f). I have a busy schedule weekly but somehow still manage to talk to her everyday. Usually, my free time goes to her. I want to get to know her better so the relationship can be nurtured well. The only issue is how far she lives from here. I am currently in getting my license in the coming month and so is she. She needs a legal guardian to drive to see me every time. We’ve already meet with each other on a few different occasions. 

Earlier this week, we planned to meet each other again on Saturday. We organised where we’d meet up, what would be estimated time of arrival, and where we could possibly have fun (There isn’t much to do in this area). All we had to was just ways for the days to fly and for Saturday to come into our life.

This is where the fun stuff happens. About an hour and a half ago, I get a text from her. This isn’t unusual, yet what she texted me was. She told me that she wouldn’t be able to make it. I was shocked and a little upset. Everything was planned with her parents and the green light was given. Her mother said, “You can’t go. You never planned this with me.” We, of course, did. Earlier in the week! She goes on and says, “If you leave me by myself, I’m going to kill myself. You guys don’t love or care about me.” My girlfriend gets anxious about what her mother just told her. She stars crying and is scared about what her mother might do. She later informed me that she wouldn’t be able to meet me today due to her mother. She said she was sorry. 

I am extremely sad and upset about this whole situation. This Army life really is crazy. She is the most positive I have in my life when it comes to my down time. I play games as well but I enjoy my time mostly with her.


TL;DR: Long distance GF and I planned to meet up for a week-long planned date on Saturday. Mother has some sort of panic attack morning of date. Date is unable to happen in fear of her mother trying something crazy on herself. Morale = Low