the idea of going back to school in 3 weeks is spiking my anxiety given the current state of the world right now, I don't understand why the United States is so set on sending minors back into buildings packed with other minors. especially if they're not even going to do it right. I live in Missouri, in the middle of butt fuck nowhere, and I promise you just because we don't have a high population doesn't mean that we can't cause an outbreak. Mike parson (MO gov), you are a piece of shit. literally the bare minimum anybody with common sense is asking for you to do is mandate masks then you can't even do that. your nose is so far up trumps ass that you are completely complicit and willing to sacrifice children. my school isn't even requiring masks and is not implementing any sort of social distancing precautions. no, not all children are immune to covid-19. watching world news they said closer to 50% of black children will contract covid, around 30% of Hispanic children, and 7% of Caucasian children. so no not all children will be okay. my brother and I are both biracial (black and white) we are scared to death. my brother has been hospitalized for asthma more times than I can count. almost every time he catches the regular flu he's out for two weeks and sometimes it even turns into pneumonia. I can't even begin to describe how uncomfortable I am with the idea that my friends and family are going to be used as collateral damage. damn near a hundred and sixty thousand families torn apart and we can't look past the stock market for two fucking seconds. these were people with stories and families. just in the past week the six-year-old has passed in Georgia and Tennessee and I'm sure and plenty of other places. children have been made orphans due to this virus. my dad is a heart patient and a cancer survivor. my mom has sickle cell anemia and recurring respiratory problems. my brother has extremely bad asthma and so does my grandma. one and three teachers are placed in the high-risk category. the government's job is to protect are citizens and instead were being used as a militia to fight this 'invisible enemy.' guys, be careful. Wear a mask. talk to your parents and administrators. unfortunately, it seems like this mess is in our hands now. take care.