Unconformity with my life So, I'm 16 at the moment, I'm from Spain and I've been uncomfortable with my life for the past 6 months. I'm doing 11th grade at a catholic school at the time of now, In Spain we call it Bachillerato, and I'm doing the one which is headed to science. I made this choice by indirect pressure from my family, but the truth is that I want make videogames, which are my passion. I'm right now studying for an exam I know I'll probably fail(chemistry). And the teacher of Catalan and Castellano (languages from Spain) were talking about me outside the class door, judjing me by my beliefs (I deny the existance of a god, I'm an extremist Spanish Republic supporter, Spain lives in a monarchy, ) and laughing about how I failed a lot of exams. I like punk rock, specially a band named Bad Religion, which has as logo a cross with a prohibited sign over it, and people treat me like shit because of it and they go all about freedom of speech and liberty, but I can never give my opinion in class, which I kinda understand why, I seriously think we kill the king and monarchy of Spain due to the fact that they sell weapons to countries in the middle east (Saudi Arabia) who use them against innocent people and they feed on the spanish working class and still rob millions and get cover from our athorities. I don't feel good about doing nothing, I feel like I'm part of the problem, but if I do somethig that offends the king, I will end up in jail(we have laws that protect the king from anything). I come from a family in Madrid that suffered the dictatorahip we lived in the past century, my dad had to work a lot to get a schoolarship for college (he comes from a poor family from Madrid, his dad died when he was 12 and the only income for the house came from my grandma, he lived with my grandma, my 3 uncles and my grandmother'mom and dad) and I feel like if the government just feeds up on the working class, we live (in theory) with left and right democracy, which right now is in theory lead by a working class party(PSOE) but they do nothing for the working class. I've been called a communist by people just by reading the communist manifesto, but also a fascist for reading the mein kampf, I feel like if the world we live in, people care more about how other people see them than what they have. I don't watch television, all the news are people dying in wars for money, poverty increasing while rich people are richer in a society were the worker is valuated by how much money they produce rather than the human he is. I've thinked about it, capitalism is bad, but communism gives nothing for excelling at something, so there is no incentive for doing things right and anarchism comes from the base that human are good, but the human being is bad by nature, we kill other species for money, we even kill each other for money, we've created machines to kill for us so that we dont have to see the people we kill, and soldiers who serve their country in wars, when they grow old, are abandoned with a lot of mental problems, governments dont care about us, they care about themselves, they are parasites that feed on others, but we can't blame them for doing it, most of us would do the same. People are being polarized to the extremes, fascism is coming back from the dead, Trump in USA, VOX in Spain, Bolsonaro in Brazil, ... But if you try to do something people will try to silence you or just say that is the world we live in, that we can't do anything. Companies sell us things that look expensive, just so that we think we are bourgesie, but most of us are just working class. In a time like now, we need people like Che Guevara, that fought against the USA in Cuba and died for what they believed, but is it really what he believed or he got them from someone else? We live in a world that is supposed to be the information era, but it looks more like the uninformation era, antivax, flatearthers, moon landing deniers, ... This is making our evolution slow down, we need to controll all of this, but controlling it would be denying freedom of speech and who would have the right will to say something is ok or not? machines? No, they would've been programmed by people with ideologies and they machines would've been indirectly influenced by them, but how do we solve this? Any solution opens the door to more problems, but doing nothing is just noy ok, people die in countries manufacturing things for us without earning a good pay check, this is not ok, the world is not ok, humans are a parasite for this world, I don't know if i prefer to be alive or death. Death i simply wouldn't know what happens, because I wouldn't be alive but I wouldn't be alive. But alive I feel bad, phantoms haunt me in the nights with all of those thoughts, I wanna do something, but this world is made ina way revolutionaries are silenced quickly, under the context of extremists. And everyone goes along with it, believing what the fucking government says, people dont think, people live and die without doing something, since the moment you are born, your future is almost written, you study, they say the world is bad, you go out to the open world and see fake smiling people, who invite you to have a good time so you can think the world is ok, having a 12 hour shift, getting a shitty paycheck while the company gets richer, sea is rising and the poles are melting, a few people do something, but governments don't, they know this will affect humanity once they are gone, overpopulation is a thing, still we do nothing, we should heal the world, but we are just pouting salt inside the wound, and opening it with our bare hands, this world is not ok, humanity would be better off dead, but death is not good, I don't know what to do, I cry, I get deppresed just by thinking of it, I wanna die, this is not the world I want to live in, I wanna change it, but I can't. Life is fast but the pain I have while thinking about it is slow, society is not ok, humans shuold be the solution to this, but we are also the problem, this is not ok, I'm going to fall into a deep dark state of mind If i still live in this world, but I don't want to die, because life can be good, and I wanna see the good part, but I can't reach it. I don't know what to do.