Just some thoughts i had in my head So here we are i guess.

I will brainstorm some things that come into my mind, so i can relieve myself even if it's just a little bit.

I'll write whatever comes to mind, so these will be my general thoughts, warning: don't expect anything too happy.

I don't even know if i will post this lol, but i'll still keep this sort of like a diary.

So i basically got a low grade because I didn't do some homework, I don't want to talk aoubt the futility of some homework because you all know it,

but because of that low grade my parents of course yelled at me, it's been like this since i started high-school,so it's not like I didn't get adapted to it,

It's just that them(especially my mother), and my teachers, always tell us that we're lazy, that we have something wrong in ourselves for not doing things the

way they want to. And I'm like, yes, i agree that i'm lazy, but It's because I'm so tired after triying so hard to keep things together, not try and scream

every moment of every day, i'm tired of trying to not feel suicidal and not hoping to die in my sleep because i don't have the balls to kill myself,

I know i wouldn't kill myself, but i do not want to live in a world that treats me like this, but at the same time i don't want to die.

I don't want to die because i know that there are people that care about me, even my parents, but i don't know how to let them care about me,

I don't care and i'm afraid that i don't WANT them to care, even if in the end i really want that, i want help, ireally need help, but i can't get myself to 

ask for it, feeling that it might go wrong and send me down spiraling in an even worse case of my already destabilized and broken mental state.

This is not a suicide letter, I don't plan on killing myself don't worry.

But i hate living just because people need me, i don't want to live just because people in my life need me and they don't want me to die,

I WANT TO LIVE BECAUSE I WANT TO, not to grant some wish to someone that doesn't want me dead, i want to live on my own accord, but i'm afraid i can't do it.

One of the reasons i didn't tell my parents about how i feel, even if i wanted to tell tehm a lot, it's because my father(the one who treats me better out of

the two) saw me when i was in a really bad state, and told me if everything was okay and i finally decided to say no!

Yay!finally some progress after all this time, i wonder what could go wrong.

Well, he told me that it was because of a girl even if i told him it wasn't for it, i told that it was "basically everything", i wanted to at least let out

a minor part of what i'm feeling, and he tells ,me that the important is to remain happy and keep moving on.

Damn.

That thing didn't make me happier at all, at that point i was afraid to say anything to my parents because if my father reacted like this, my mother,

who always yells at me, for anything i do, uses me as her stress toy if she gets a bad day at work and she and my father tell me that

"when you have a kid you'll have the opportunity to do the same", she always belittles me and gaslights me into thinking i'm wrong, and every decision i make 

can't be made without her telling me how bad of a decision i'm making.

I just feel so empty but at the same time filled up with nothing, it's a strange thing to describe, I can't cope with it.

And i didn't even talk about how i do have friends who i vent to, who understand me, but that doesn't stop me from thinking that i'm a burden to them,

that i'm not worth their time, how much i'm worthless, the neverending anxiety that comes out of me at ay point if i'm talking to someone or just sharing an opinion

or just thinking about future stuff that might happen.

As a kid i almost never dreamt of wacky and uncharacteristic stff, i always dreamt about dying, in a way or another, i was always dying, and now i'm not having

many dreams anymore, but i sometimes dream about dying too, about the topic of dreams, one time i had the best dream i ever had.

I don't quite remember what i was doing, but at some point it went all pitch black, I was completely blind, or well, dead.

I felt the need to breathe but i couldn't, no matter how hard i tried to breathe in, then i ran out of breath and one thought flashed into my mind.

"is this it? is it over?...finally"

It worries me that i thought "finally" even for a moment, but while i was saying that, i got to experience the thing that i'd describe as the most inner peace

that anyone could get, i was without worry, totally realxed, and i felt at peace with myself. 

Of course it was just a dream but it didn't stop me from remembering this peace and thinking about it, reminiscing how i'd love to feel it again.

I guess it's all for the currrent existential crisis, but at least I'm happy that i wrote about this, to get some thoughts out of my head.

I don't even know if i will post this anytime soon, but at least i'll be happy knowing that someone rad it if i posted that.

 I just want people to talk about what's happening in their lives, if this related to someone, let me tell you that it's not good

And with this i'll end this paragraph of what i wrote, maybe another time i'll decide to post something more serious like this other than memes but sure, maybe that time will come.

If i misspelt something i'll see if i can correct it, as i'm not a native english speaker, and i wish the best of luck to all of you, who are struggling with the same stuff as me.

I won't be able to reply to anyone since i'll be going to bed, but i'll see what i can do in the morning