Aight, im gonna try this I've seen people post stuff like this all the time, but i was too nervous to do it myself, but now i will.

I'm fully aware that my problem here is much less serious than the other things people post on here, but don't really have anywhere else to go with this.

My. Fuckin. Mom.

For as long as i can remember she's always given my older brother that little bit more freedom than me, letting him do simple things like going out to the convenience store near our house and buying candy, but she never let me. Now the convenience store isnt what I'm mad about, that would just be petty, and you could technically use the argument that he's older than me, except for the fact that he's been allowed to do it since he was younger than i am now, and thats the part that gets to me. It's not a matter of age, my mom just let's him do more than me, and because of that I've developed what can only be described as a fear of wanting things, if i want something, no matter how small, cheap, or insignificant, i immediately think "im not allowed to have that" and become scared to ask for it.

This fear of wanting things has gotten in the way of my relationships with my friends, whenever there's something they wanna play, i usually don't have it, and i feel like i simply can't so i don't bother trying, so they just go do it without me, then i feel left out but there is nothing i can do about it. Then this being left out carries over to school, the moment we get group project they flock together and leave me out, and i have to work alone all the fucking time.

Backtracking a bit, lets talk about my brother. He's a racist, sexist, lying, money stealing, cunt bag. All he ever does is drink, smoke, and scream the n word at the top of his lungs (we are white), and our desks are right next to each other so its always right in my ear, and some how my parents either can't hear or refuse to acknowledge his racism, cuz every time i ask them about it they say they haven't heard it from him. 

A little about me, i have never smoked, drank alcohol, had sex (but really, who on this platform has), or anything like that, i try my hardest to make sure that i get work done, all of this with severe sleep problems since grade 6, my brother has stolen alcohol from my parents multiple times (and got caught), smoked in the back yard multiple times (and got caught), snuck girls into the house (and got caught), and lied about his grades for a year (and got caught),  despite all this, they believe my brother will be the successful one in the future, they think I'm lazy and weak, despite all of my efforts to improve my body over the years, and they are only just now putting the peices together that i just *might* have anxiety, shocker. 

There's a lot more to this than i put here but i really don't wanna bother you all with it, so, yeah.

Thank you for coming to my Ted Talk