Story I made a while ago. :3 ignore grammar errors. Those were made about 4 years ago, when I was 10, and formatting glitched

&amp;#x200B;

 It was just a  regular day on Elderest. I had just woken up. The sun shined through the window. Without struggle, I jumped out of my bed, dropping my golden silk bed sheet on the floor. Hearing the steps on the floor, my servant entered the room. An old lady, she has been serving my family every since my grandfather bought this house. Always with a  smile on her face, she always did her job with perfection. Sergia, that was her name:     -Good morning Lady Leonor! How was your sleep? - she said, looking at my eyes with joy.     -I barely slept. I think there was something wrong with the soup you made me, Sergia. - With a rough voice, I said it to her, and at the same moment, her smile turned into a frown, a frown of apprehensiveness.     -Lady Leonor, please forgive me - she stuttered. On her eyes, tears started going down.     -Go wipe those tears. I don't want them to fall over my dress. This would scare our guest     -Yes, Lady Leonor - Said Sergia, running to get my dress. An ivory silk dress, decorated with thousands of small pearls. Somehow, it was all still not enough. I was the baroness of Cowhaien. Money was not really the problem, but the status. What did it matter, having such wealth, when I have to obey to kings and queens taht are to come? It was worthless. As I was having my retrospection, Sergia had returned with the dress. Her face was red, but her tears were wiped.     -Stop acting sad, Sergia. You have no reason to be sad. - I said, staring deep into her dark eyes - We have no time for such performances, our guest must be satisfied. By that time, I was already dressed. As I walked through the door, I made a gesture, telling Sergia to come. She was a great actress, although she never performed a public play.At the kitchen, I was greeted by our guest, the Viscount of Luriel. A position higher than me on the hierarchy. A lusty man, like all of them. Without love, just desire, a desire so strong that blinded his bright blue eyes. Although he was indeed a beautiful person, with his skin dark as ink and with his soft skin, but I should not feel passion towards him. Doing so, would only take me away from my path.     -Hello, m'lord - I say, looking at his eyes - Welcome to the House of Cowhaien! May your stay be one gifted by the gods - said Sergia, bowing down to him.     -Enchanted to meet you - I slightly tilted my head, while still mantaining my position. I extended my arm towards him.     -It is a pleasure to meet you, m'lady - he kissed my hand, while still looking on my eyes. The smell of lust was disgusting, and was all around him. But... His eyes, they showed an actual love of some kind. I smiled at him, as if i was liking it. I found a weakness on him. His own love and his own lust. We started talking about our money and things we have, but suddenly, the conversation changed its path. It was time for me to act.     -So, I saw you are interested on me. We both know that we would be marvelous together, and I could share my wealth with you. M'lady, you are the woman with the best virtudes. You are gifted by the gods.     -Oh no, Sir. Although I am delighted by the compliments, I am not as perfect as you think. I have countless flaws.     -This is not true, Leo! Everyone on Elderest wishes your charm and beauty, even members of royalty desire your intelligence and skill. You are a prodigy!     -Thanks... So I made my decision. I accept.     -Accept what, m'lady?     -I accept marrying you. You are so virtuous, so charismatic, and overall, so beautiful. I can't resist you, I need you.And for the next couple of seconds, the room went quiet.  The only audible sound, was the sound of the clock. Ticking on my mind. His expression was a mixture of unsettlement and happiness. He stood up, approaching the chair I was sitting at. He was standing by my side, and picking me up, he kissed my lips. Stopping the kiss, he said:     -When will we marry, Leo?     -As soon as we can, George. Not too much time later, I went to live with him. But before that, he showed me his house, his servants and slaves. He was indeed rich, but I wanted the tittle. Marrying him would mean my position on the noblity would increase. As he was giving me a tour through his house, a man that wore fine clothes. Probably he was his brother. On my front, he started talking to us:     -Oh hello, there! You must be the woman George has been talking about. It will be a pleasure marrying you!     -This, Leo, is my huseband Alexander. - Said George, looking at me.     -Oh, sorry! Enchanted to meet you! - I laughed a bit - I didn't know Leo was married!     -It is fine, sweety. You are now part of our family. Why don't you stay for dinner - Alexander said, looking at me. He was young, but still passionate. This would be harder than I thought. Manipulating one of them was already complicated, but two of them... I must identify their weakness as a couple. I thought George's love was his weakness, but now I see, this isn't the case here: Now, I would live with them, and that would mean I would have the chance of discovering all I need. Discover their weaknesses, discover their strengths, discover what they like and dislike, discober what they fear. Finally... 

 During the dinner, I get to know them a little better. Both by conversation and attention. George was a bit unsettled, while looking at a shield on the wall. A shield from a knight. A knight from the far realms of Prophantor. Although distracted, we still talked a little:     -Is something making you sad, George - I asked, looking at him.     -True. You haven't touched your soup yet - Alexander also questioned, with concern on his eyes.     -It's... It's nothing. Really, I'm just not feeling well. Can we change topics please?     -Sure! So, George, what is your opinion about the king's knights slaughtering the pleb that invaded the castle? - I asked, just as if I didn't know the answer. Upon asking, George spat all the soup on his mouth. His face went from unsettlement to fear. I could feel it. He thought I had discovered all the truth. For the next minute, he looked around, searching for scape spots:     -Did I say something wrong? - I asked, acting on innocence.     -N-no, Leonor. - He said. Normally, he would call me Leo, but, something was on his mind, you may say. Holding the spoon agressivelly, he started getting red. Red of rage? Red of shame? Considering the reaction to the words knight and slaughter, his trauma was related to someone's murder. Someone he loved? Someone innocent? Blood of his own blood? I will never get to know. At least, not if the plan goes as expected.  Sergia dashed into the room, just as she always did. This time, though, she was scared. Something was wrong, I had never seen her face like it was that day. Mixed feelings, but the injuries she had, and the blood made it clear to me:-YOU PATHETIC SLAVE! HOW DARE YOU ENTER OUR ROOM IN CONDITIONS SUCH AS T- George screamed at her     -You will refrain from intimidating MY servant. Now tell me, Sergia, who is attacking us? - I said in a crystal clear way, so the even the most foolish of men could understand     -M-M'lady, they are comming for the necklace. T-The necklace your grandfather's necklace. They will kill you! - Tears covered up her face. She wasn't scared that we would all die, that she would die. She was sad and scared because I would die... This performance was marvelous.     -Great. - Alexander sighed - You three, leave. Right now - he said with a serious expression on his face. - You are priority. I could tell by his face. He knew that if he was left there, they would kill him, but why. He could scape with us, but he wanted to give us a bit of time. Just a little bit more:     -NO! I will NOT leave you to die! - Screamed George - I already broke my oath once. I won't do it twice.     -And I must stay to give you time to escape, m'lady - Said Sergia, with a smile on her eyes, still marked by the tears. They all stared at me. Obviously, asking me to go. Leave them behind. I didn't know if this was a battle we could win. I didn't know their weakness. Manipulation was off the table... I started running, as fast as I could. If they wanted to be left to die, it was not my duty to stop them. But- I still hadn't maried George - I didn't get my title. It would be a much harder work to find another nobel that would willingly marry me. I stopped. My life or my ambition. Which did I care the most? Which was more important to me? The time seemed to slow down, the wish to escape turned into desire for power. I couldn't stop myself anymore. My title was needed for me to accomplish my goals. 

 A friend of mine said that all action can be risky, and that avoiding danger is impossible. We must calculate risks... I returned to the room. As I runned, I took what I could use as a weapon. It was not much, just a simple knife from the kitchen. And there they were, waiting the door to open. Trembling, they stood still, prepared to fight. Seconds after I entered the room, the door was slammed open. 15 people, with masks ans gray robes. It didn't make sense. If they were so few, how did they defeat the guards? And why did they want my necklace? As I was thinking, one of them closed the door, and aimed its hand at us:     -You are guilty... - A male voice. A familiar voice...     -Of what, I may ask? - I said, staring at them. On my eyes, I made an expression of pure hatred.     -You are a traitor of your own kind. You are just another one that should have your powers removed from you and given to someone that deserves. You own a forbidden ammulet. GIVE IT TO US, AND WE MAY LET YOU LIVE.     -N-NO! The ammulet is not with me. And they have nothing to deal with it! - Sergia screamed - And if you take another step foward, I will break the laws imposed by you and protect m'lady. The masked people went on a weird battling stance. Sergia seemed confident... This wasn't a performance. She also made the stance they were making. We were confused, but we had to fight. I ran to stab one them with my knife. The masked person quickly dodged, hitting my back. It suddenly felt burning, as if fire was on it. And it was. I didn't know how, but that person had burned me as he attacked.Upon seeing this, they all went to attack them. George hit them with the shield that was on the wall. They didn't seem to be really hurt, but still slowed them down. While that, Alexander quickly stabbed one of them with a fork. And Sergia, she was saying weird things. Enchanting... And so, from her bare hands, an explosion of light fell over our foes, but not without falling over us as well. I wake up on George and Alexander's bedroom. We were injured. Markings all over our bodies. Markings of burning, but, the pain was just like if I had fallen out of a window. George was already awaken, but his injuries were far less serious than mine. George was still asleep. He seemed to have protected most of his body using his shield, but... Sergia. Sergia wasn't inside the room.