Saying goodbye to my teenage years I've been thinking for quite some time about posting  since for quite some time I felt weird about staying here.

It's going to be a long one, so I don't expect anyone to read but if you do, thanks for giving me a few of your moments today.

I'm 23 years old trans-woman from a lower working class background. I've been openly living as trans woman for 4 years. All my friends and most of my family knows about me. Some took it well and some decided that I don't really have a place in their life and that's ok.

But ever since I came out of a closet I've been thinking about my teenage years. I realized that I never had any teenagehood whatsoever. I was too caught up in conflicts with my sexuality and gender, with conflicts with my surrounding and lack of any significant material means. I thought no one really understood me because I didnt understand myself so I couldn't enter any significant relationships at that time and I felt alienated.

Becuase I havent experienced much of the teenage years as they are often portrayed I started to revision that time again and again. I was daydreaming very often about "time that never was" and how happy I would have been if I knew myself. How much I miss my friends (they pretty much all left the country at this point) and how much fun we had and would have had if I knew who I was.

I dont think that's healthy though and recently I started to think I need to let my teenage self go. It won't happen. I'm old(er) now. Im no longer a Teenager. I dont go to highschool. I have full time Job And responsibilities within my family. My friends are gone and this time is gone too.

And the thought really brings me to tears because I cant stop thinking how much time I lost. I feel like Proust character, going back, looking for feelings and moments that arent here anymore.

I know this past year has been probably the shittiest year to be a Teenager in a long time, but I still envy you.

Thanks for having me this past few years but I think soon it will be time to finally march forward although it really scares me.

And to All my trans brothers and sisters - I hope you wont waste any time trying to be someone else.