My mom has the stupidest restrictions: I am of Indian descent, and my mom is a Hindu. She’s not devoted wholly or anything, but she has the stupidest rules that restrict the way I live:

1. She finds something new I can’t eat every single month, meat was fine, as she limits the days we can eat, atleast we can eat meat, but then came cakes, brownies, and all the way down to even cheese(how?)

2. I’m not allowed to wear whatever I want, I’m not allowed to even touch clothes if I’ve gone outside or eaten meat.

3. I can touch half the things in my house, because I don’t know why, like if I wanted fresh socks, or a towel, kitchenware, etc, shed just give us used things.

4. I’m forced to stay inside my bedroom for several hours upon hours as she “cleans up”(not cleaning dirt or anything, but just wiping the floors of the “unholy mess”, or cleaning our unholy footsteps)

5. Several times when I return from outside or school, in the cold, or heat, whether alone, or with my brother, she’s too busy cleaning the “unholy”(meat, used) clothes by hand in the bathtub even with a washing machine, and several times I was forced to stay outside for hours until she finally opened the door. 

6. I can’t even do what I want, she can’t touch dishwasher soap or detergent for some reason, and she forces me to do everything she won’t do because she doesn’t want to touch something.

7. When she has her periods (which she suffers from, and I don’t blame her for that) she sits in bed for 4 days straight. But we try to take care of her, yet we’re not allowed to sit near her and take care of her, and the three of us (brother and father) are restricted to using one bathroom, and when we make and plate snacks/foods/drinks, every single time she makes us switch plates and make the containers plastic, and we have to set it on the floor and not get close to her, like feeding a lion in a zoo.

And those are just a few of the restrictions. Infact, at the moment, she’s yelling at me to take a shower and get out of the house so she can clean, so... thank you guys for listening to me vent. Have a great day!