Yes, sexism against men is indeed a thing, but please stop hating on the feminists. So, I was browsing this subreddit now, and came across this post of a boy who couldn't do band practice with his friend because her parents did not trust him.

I don't remember the boy's username, but if you are reading this, I am really sorry for you. Please note that while I may use your case as an example below, as that's the most recent thing I remember, I am in no way targeting you, and I feel really bad for you. Sexism against men does exist. However, I am making a separate post instead of commenting on yours as this is quite a r current topic here.

Yes, sexism against men exists. Sexism against women exists. But, I often see some people claiming in the comments that "sexism against men is more than against women". Now that's bullshit. At best, it's equal, but certainly not more.

I am from India and so I know how many degrading and humiliating practices and forms of discrimination against women exist (some subtle, and some not so much).

Hating on feminists and saying that they practise sexism against men is wrong. Because, feminists are fighting for equal treatment and removal of patriarchy (which is the actual cause for the sexist behaviour against men).

I know the last paragraph may be confusing, so let me take the example of this boy who wanted to do band practice:

Our patriarchal society raises boys and girls differently such that boys are valued more, and girls are considered objects of honour. Also, because of having been raised in this unequal power dynamic between the genders, statistically more boys are rapists (Rape isn't a way to quench one's sexual thirst, as many people think, it's more often an act of asserting power over the victim). Now, because girls are just objects of honour for the family, their parents will do anything to save them from rape, like considering all boys as potential rapists, and "protecting" their daughters by not allowing them to interact with boys. And that's how this sexist behaviour arose.

The correct solution is to teach one's children the importance of consent and boundaries, so that no one rapes anyone, instead of "protecting their daughters".

Similarly, other sexist behaviours against men, like they shouldn't cry, they should do the "heavy work", etc. stems from patriarchy. And, feminisim is fighting it. 

If you come across anyone claiming to be a feminist, while ignoring sexism happening wih boys and trans people, then please don't generalise that for all feminists.

I have seen several other people here hating on the feminists, as if, apparently it's some fashion to hate on all the *ists and *isms.

To people who come here to say I'm making things up about sexism with women being equal to that with me  or more, let me remind you I'm from India. And here it's much worse. For the Indian society, it's a very long way to go.

I will be posting my replies to comments as edits here so that everyone can read them.
Gotta sleep now, it's 00:45 here. Good night!