Mass Produced Excuses I just sent my teacher the written excuse letter they make you write for when you miss a quiz, and immediately after I send it, I find that I forgot to replace Literature with NatSci. Now a part of me thinks this wouldn't be that big of an issue, we all make typos. Funny thing is, I've mass produced these letters to five teachers due to my habit of oversleeping past expected class schedule, and whenever they ask for a letter, I just change the course title and have my mother sign it, she doesn't want to write me one. 

So I'm sitting here, banging my head against the desk and I decide to just write another one, sans typo, and I've even put into the email that the first one had a typo from my mom. Hey technically my mom penned this letter, (at least that's what the official story says) so I'm allowed to cover my ass a bit.) So I send it again I go back to the school site and scroll through hoping to see if I missed anything else, besides the usual shit that's due in a week. 

I scroll down far enough and hey look at that, a notification from my NatSci course. Apparently I'm not doing well since I've missed one-hundred percent of the quizzes.

Excuse me?

Okay so we have two quizzes, per half of a semester, so I'm sitting there like a fucking idiot thinking, "did our Prof upload the quiz 2? No way, it would be on the checklist of activities if she did." 

But I'm paranoid. So I check anyway.

And right there, in the updates section, in bold letters.

**QUIZ 2 - Due February 17, 2021, 9:00 AM**

So now I'm penning this on reddit and I'm shitting bricks because my mom's likely going to kill me if she sees me have the need to sign another letter for the same subject. The other options my dad and I'm seriously considering it, even if he's going to give a lecture on responsibility, that old man is really good at making you feel like shit without being mean.

Anyway that's my TedTalk, remember to drink your coffee and get enough sleep to grow up and be well-adjusted goys and birls. And to aspiring teachers out there, please don't limit the announcements to your course's subsite.