I think I fell in love with my best friend Alright so here’s the thing, I think I’m in love with my best friend and I’m so screwed. History of our friendship is that we literally have been through thick and thin, we literally share each other everything and we always care for one another. It’s at the point where from time to time we say “I love you” to one another. But in the country I am in shes originally from another country because we go to an international school. So when lockdown happened she was stuck in her country because she was going to renew her passport. And her boyfriend was here in the same country with me and it was hard for her so I listen to everything she has to say and give her comfort where I can. Months go by and she becomes more sad and depressed than before when she was still in the same country as me and 8 or 9 months went by and she broke up with him and it shattered her. It was hard for me to comfort her because I didn’t know how and I didn’t want to give her empty words which I’ll end up repeating over and over again.

A few months goes by and she gets better then she’s getting chased by all these guys in her country. One especially who kept chasing her and eventually got her to like him back, but they never met because he lived in another city and it’s basically a weird flirtatious friendship which she don’t mind but wasn’t pushing for because he wanted something serious and she just wanted affection after being away from everyone she knew. And now she talks about how a lot of guys look at her when she walks and smiles at her. Not like in a bad way but In a good way you can call it. I don’t know how or why but it just made me feel jealous when she talks about these guys, or how she wants affection, or even how she wants to atleast have one boyfriend from her country before she leaves because it’s her people(but with someone who can breakup with her when she leaves and comes back). And like I said I don’t know why but it just makes me feel jealous and I just wished I was that person. How she talks about hugs from behind, kissing or cuddling like I want to do that shit with her but I don’t know why. I just want to be with her but I don’t know if it’s just me trying to fill the void because I’m a hopeless romantic(which is an entirely a whole story on it’s own)

But yeah, I think I’m in love with my best friend and I don’t know what to do.