So I've been exercising in I think the most unhealthy I can... So at just the start, no, I don't use drugs or steroids or have anorexia, I'm talking mentally, so with that outta the way, let's get on with it. (P.S info for the story, I'm competitive, 14, year 10 and I have a long distance girlfriend I've been with for almost 10 months and I use way too many commas so please forgive me)

So I'm British, and my school is right next to the Thames, this means we rowing as a sport. Throughout year 7 and 8, I always wanted to row, so when year 9 rolled around, and I was finally the minimum age I could be, I jumped right into it.

I was never an athletic kid, hell no, I wasn't fat, I was unpopular, not stand out, and to put it simply, below average in grades, physically and probably in terms of mental health too. I was very unpopular, being the first kid to hit puberty (at 11 to 12) so I was taller than others, but still physically very unfit. Now one thing that got me into rowing was that fact. I was tall. At 13 I was approaching 6 foot, and fast. One thing they don't tell you about ergo machines, is that height matters, A LOT. I instantly got one of the best scores in the year and then it began, I was launched from the background, right into the spotlight. I was suddenly madly competitive, and (mildly) popular and I wanted to be the best. So I was. Throughout all of year nine I ground my body as hard as I could to have the body I wanted. Our year was also the year where the Thames was overflowing our dock quite a bit, we had about 6 sessions in the entire year on the water, the rest on the machines. My body was exhausted, but I wasn't, eventually, nearing the end of the year, I managed to pull a 1:39 split on 500 metres. This was a BIG deal. I'd beat my goal, I beat 500 metres in less than 100 seconds, 99.7 to be exact. My first ever time took 125 seconds, over a fifth higher.

I was the top of the leaderboard all day every day, and my confidence showed it, I felt like a king. Then Covid happened.

Immediately, I had a problem, my gym wouldn't let me in even with no lockdown cause I'm under 16, and I had no ergo, so we had to get one. A concept 2 was preferred, as it's industry standard. Cut 2 weeks into the future and I've nearly lost 200 quid of my dad's money to a scam of a concept 2, but i have the new RW 900 NordickTrack Rowing Machine delivered by the lovely Amazon. Good? Great. I was back.
But then Covid stayed, my motivation slipped, and I became lazy, I was a tragedy if you ever saw one, I was doing barely anything and my body was paying for it, I was slipping from day to day of online school, feeling awful and having my body go down in quality all the while. But I got on with it, I got back into it and I pushed my body past my limit until I got back. So I feel great going back, I grin to my friends as I mount the ergo and prepare to brake another of my records, at the front of the pack, in my arena, I felt unstoppable... My score was below average, pitiful considering how i was, and way below what I wanted, expected, and needed to be in the top boat. By now the sport consumed me, but rejected me, I was getting mediocre scores and everyone else was soaring. Cut about a month and I'm kicked from top boat. (Just realized writing this - forgot to say - I was a year 10 when I came back, and we had a new coach, she hates me) She kicks me from top boat and I'm crushed, shaking from disappointment in myself, and suddenly I'm pushed back into the background, I didn't matter once again, I was paired with the people who wouldn't focus, but in boats with people never having rowed before.

Wanna know the worst bit? I could see the top boat speeding away from us any time I looked to my right, we were finally on the river, and this is how it was. Now we're in lockdown again, and I'm determined, I can't let that happen again, or so I think, right before I get on the ergo once more and feel a painful rash spread across my whole body. So it turns out for a few months I've had a condition where whenever my blood gets to hot or something (that's when it effects me worst), I break out into a rash) I was struggling once more, thinking it was just hayfever. I struggled through each session, it got worse and worse. I now have medication, an antihistamine to be exact, fexofenadine hydrochloride, to stop it. Great, back to it. So my school is private, and most of the kids have mansions, and one guy I know has a gym the size of most of my house, so I'm at a disadvantage competitively, and I've been doing this for one 1 and a half years, when these people have been swimming competitively in their pools for most of their lives. But I got too it, and I'm getting better with my body, and I'm getting better scores, until there it is, my name. My name in gold, I got the fastest score for a 2 kilometre race in the year. Remember how I said Concept 2s are industry standard? Well that means my coach (who once again, dislikes me) had to change my scores to be accurate. To do this, I sent her my average watts produced per 500 metres, a measurement which adds with to my score in a concept 2 conversion to 1:49 per 500 metres, and I did it in 6:13 (the 2km) this doesn't add up if you check, since it's just an average watt count, but the timer didn't lie, I'd done it.

This did not matter. A split second in a race does. And so does my split score. As I said before, I beat 500 in 99.7 seconds. My coach added 20 seconds to every split I did from my home ergo, and my name was wiped from the leaderboard, no matter what the watt count said. I was pushed, forced, back down, I went from the best score to one of the worst. Now 20 seconds is a LOT of time, and that's for each 500 metres, so instead of my original score, I was forced to put up with a score of 7:33. 80 seconds slower than the original. So now what do I know? I can't beat anything at home now, I can simply train my body for when I go back, to be best again. The 20 seconds thing was 2 weeks ago (about). As I mentioned, I have a girlfriend, she's incredible, we don't see each other much and we mostly text, and she was getting concerned about the strain I've been putting on my body. But I've been insecure about everything for too long, I can't handle not getting back up there, I need it, I crave it, I was born to row, I know it. So I've been doing the worst thing I can.

I've lied to her. Multiple times. I say I'm going to bed, but I stay up, going as hard as I physically can, no longer bound by my condition. Even as I write this, it's 1 AM and she thought I went to sleep at 11. I need help, I can't stop, I can't keep doing this to her, I feel terrible. My body is sore and aching, and I can't lie to her anymore, it's awful. I need suggestions on what to do, I can't put her through me complaining more and more, I can't stay down in rowing and I need to get back up. I'm ready to row again.

Also I was thinking this was just gonna be like a paragraph, apparently not.