The boy who kissed The boy that kissed.

Also this is pretty long so you'll need to consider that when starting. (Approx. reading time 10-15 minutes, with 7456 characters.)

This is about a boy's first kiss(es).
Yes I am just wording this as to sound, more profound. More enticing. Interesting. (also I just like writing lel). Now to the actual story.
 
September 15th

On one not so beautiful day after school I was met with a choice - go out with the boys or go to my friends birthday. I didn't wish to have to sacrafice going out with the boys, but alas I did otherwise and went to my friends birthday. Best decision of my life. 

A friend of his, invited me to the surprise party she and her classmates were making for him and I of course agreed. After meeting up at his house, we did awkward party things like, putting on music and only one person dancing, passing around a fluff ball, etc. Just imagine being in a room in which you only know one person the best. It was like that until we got to the ultimate deal breaker. The Truth or Dare game. 

At first things were normal, we were skipping some of the more gross ones, and doing the easier ones ( only natural for people who don't know each other), then there was stuff like: "Flex with your shirt off" and such. 

Some time later one of the girls had the bright idea for a kissing game. The crutch was that someone kissed you while you were blind folded and you had to guess who it was. "OK thats not that bad as it was only a kiss on the cheek", - you'd think. But it got better quickly. 

We had the even brighter idea to slap on some blindfolds, play some really slow and chill music. Imagine some soft strumming guitars, and lyrics so poorly pronounced you can't even understand what is being said. But a mood it did create. Oh boy it did. 

We sat in a ring and spun a bottle in a dark room, only illuminated by the window, in the room. It was already dark outside so the illumination parts isn't exactly what you'd expect. Just close your eyes for a second and imagine this [song playing](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=4aTNoZihD7Q) while you're waiting to kiss or be kissed. 

While we were still a little too awkward to do a real, full kiss, soon that changed. (There was  also the No-Homo spin which was basically a rebuddle since me and my friend didn't want to kiss.) One of the girls was very eager to start kissing, I guess she was just in the mood/zone. She was the first to try kissing on the lips, and that did it for me I guess. 

This will be the most accurate description of what I can remember a kiss is like. Imagine the softest thing you've touched, but make it 10 times softer, and in an amateurish fever you're just trying to do something with your mouth that feels natural. It was... just,  words can't describe something like this. I've always been an icky person, and always thought trading spit with someone would be the grossest thing I'll ever do. I was so wrong. There wasn't one repulsion note, nothing in my body told me: "Hey this is gross, cut it out." 

After this amazing moment of ecstasy, it was my turn to spin. Who do you think it landed on? The girl that just gave me my first kiss. I was happy to oblige, but I'm not so happy to say it was the weirdest interaction ever - I gave her a kiss while still remaining about 30cms from her (11 inches) while trying to do my best to gently hold her head, and just generally caress her. Also when I backed away I heard a small, disappointed "aww". I didn't let that repeat itself. After a few seconds (a few, for those of you overseas) we stopped and continued the game. My friend also got lucky and was kissing the girl he (presumably) liked more. To say he was more awkward than me I can't say - I was still blindfolded, but in the end I think all of us just gave in into the romantic vibe.

 Our kisses with the girl (Sasha) were getting longer in duration, and more intimate, meaning there wasn't such a big gap between our bodies. A few kisses later I just told myself: "Okay man if you're doing this, have the balls to look her in the eyes." I did. Next time I leant in for a kiss, I took off my blindfold, and also removed hers. I was met with her shining, blue eyes happily awaiting me. This one folks, this one blew the fish out of the water. 

For the duration of the game me and her, remained with our blindfolds off, pretending we have them on for the other two contestants. AITA for that? I do not know, but what I do know - everything was 100% better when you can see who you are kissing. I mean we had a general understanding where everyone was, it's not like we didn't really know who we were kissing, just seeing the person is so much better. 

To say it was addicting, would be a serious understatement. Every time, someone spun the bottle I longed for the lips that would infuse with mine (eww, if you say it like that),  
and would be disappointed if it didn't land on her. But lady luck was on my side an almost every spin of mine was towards her. Even when my friend was getting down to business with the other girl, Sasha silently implied we kiss too, and I, of course, obliged. We also cuddled, waiting for my friend to finish kissing his "partner". 

What was important to me at least was the fact that when my friend's spin landed on Sasha, she was the one taking action, with one swift smooch, which in some way made me feel special. The same also applied to me and the other girl. 

When this emotion filled, amazing night was coming to an end, I walked Sasha home, and we had ourselves a kiss goodbye - something I would have never considered  doing the day before this one. 

September 16th

The next day I woke up with a gut feeling - you know when you're feeling anxious about something and you have "butterflies in you stomach", yeah that was me throughout the whole day. The only thing in my head was what happened yesterday. "This is for sure not healthy for my mental state" - I told myself. After my lessons, I texted her that I wanted to talk to her, and just to get to know each other better. The feeling was gone for a bit, but since the talk was scheduled for tommorow, I had to wait. I had to clear things up. 

September 17th

I woke up with a number in my mind - 13:30, the Time. You can probably guess what for. 
The day passed like a forgotten old memory - it's a blur really, even if it was only two days ago. I called her at 13:30, she picked up at 13:32. At first we exchanged normal people talk, and then there was the Question, towering over me like dark, but inevitable death - was that experience for real or was it just a "game". I wanted to present this as gently but also as blunt as possible.

She thought for a bit, then replied with uncertainty: "Yeah, I think it was MOSTLY a game". With the word "mostly" stuck in my head, I started apologising for pushing the subject but she said it was okay as it was bound to happen anyways. We talked for another solid 30 minutes, we hung up and promised to talk again some time. 

Walking home, the awful gut feeling was gone. I was relieved but also a bit sad, but after talking to some friends who've had previous experience, I decided that I would pursue friendship with this person, and if it grew into something more I wouldn't mind. 
Hope she would feel the same way too... 

If you're seeing this you've reached the end of my pathetic story, but I can do nothing more but thank you reader for, well, reading this piece. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. 

Thank you.