It’s obvious my little brother is my mom’s favorite and damn it hurts. It’s completely obvious. For starters, I was payed for. When I say that, I mean my parents thought one of them was infertile. So, I was “made” as my mom says. 2 months later, my mom’s pregnant again, without the help of a doctor, meaning they could have had a kid all along. That kid is my little brother.

We grew up in a pretty bad environment. Our parents fought, we were poor, we lived with 4 other people in a 2 bedroom house, one of them was a drunkard, one was banging the drunkard (They were first cousins), one was my grandma with dementia, and the final one was my bitch of a Great Grandma. After we moved out of there, it was a constant financial battle with us going from 5 in a 3 bedroom apt (Grandma came with us), to a 5 in 2. 

We were also spoiled to high hell. We (most of the time) got what we wanted and got stuff even when we didn’t ask. At first, I was kinda spoilt. Sometimes, I wouldn’t get my own drinks unless told to, and I’d procrastinate doing chores. I eventually grew out of it, but not my brother. He was worse. Lately, he’s gotten better; but before this, he’d call everyone assholes if he didn’t get what he asked for, when we didn’t get him his lunch (Which was very basic and needed no effort whatsoever) he wouldn’t eat, and worst of all, when he was annoying me and I asked him to stop, he wouldn’t. So I’d ask him again and again until I had to yell or push him off me. He’d proceed to call me names under his breath but juuusst loud enough for me to hear him, he’d be passive aggressive all day, and somehow even worse, my mother would SUPPORT THIS BEHAVIOR! If he ever got really mad, she’d offer to take him shopping and usually come back with a coke. On the off chance, he’d be poking at me or something and I’d ask him to stop. My mom would come in and ask ME to leave. I would be talking with my friends on discord and she’d tell ME to leave? Today, I was playing Xbox with my friends when something scared me, and I gasped. When I was talking to my friends about it, he cut me off and started trying to get my attention about something. After I didn’t reply, he got really bitchy and threw shit at me. My mom came in and asked me to leave, despite the fact *He* was overreacting. Make him leave! When I don’t defend myself, and tell my parents, he keeps pushing my stuff on the floor on purpose saying “oops”. If I tell them again, either my mom offers to take my brother to go get a cookie, basically rewarding him, or I get told that *I’m* wrong.

I’ve supported her lots. I’d helped her through her backpain caused by an car accident by massaging her back and making it feel better. I’d hand her water and tell her it’ll be alright after fights with my dad, even though I was holding back tears of my own because of what was happening. We only fight once in a full moon, and even then they weren’t very bad. When we do fight, she’s 50% of the time completely wrong. She’d never apologized about that.

Now, my brother on the other hand, treats her like shit. He yells at her, hit her one time, demands her around, and doesn’t even try to acknowledge the fact that he’s her son. It angers me that she lets him get away with this. 

Sorry for the extremely long post, it’s just that I have a lot to unload after thinking about this for 3 years.