i got lost in the forest for 5 hours ok so for context i live in the buttfuck middle of nowhere and my family owns a fairly large piece of property that is mostly woods (a bit over 50 acres). I'm bored so I decide it might be a good idea to just walk around the border of the property which is "well marked" by an old stone wall. I start walking around and it goes well at first. I reach the first corner of the square shaped piece of land with minor difficulty since the stone wall isn't as intact as I thought it was. The next side of the square goes even smoother than the first, with the stone wall being almost fully intact. The third side is where things really get rough. Now me, being a complete dumbass, decided not to bring my phone, nor tell my parents that i was going on this walk, and all i have to tell time is my fitbit, so by now it has already been about two hours. going down the third side of the property I quickly lose track of the crumbling stone wall and end up having to pretty much guess where to go, I should have turned back here. I walk through the woods for about another hour and then realize that based on my previous times, I probably should have gotten back to the fourth side (the road) by now. I keep going hoping that i was just going a bit slower. Soon I hit what appears to be a path, which I had never seen before when walking out here with my dad. I walk down it a little ways and then end up in a grove of trees, at this point I decide to go back to my route, since at this time I still believed that at this time I was going the right way. I intersect with a few more of these paths along my walk, and begin to get worried, both because I have never seen this before, and because it will soon be dark (it is a bit after 4 pm at this time). Eventually I hit another one of these paths and decide that my best course of action is to follow it, hoping that it will lead to a road. The path ends up being quite long and splits off into many branches, I just keep going straight. By this time it is really starting to get dark, although I can still see. I finally reach the end of the path and what is see is some spooky looking old run down cottage. With me being a curious mf, I decide to take a peek in, since it doesn't have any lights inside of it. The door is made out of rotting plywood and I open it up. Looking inside there is pretty much nothing besides a step-ladder in the corner and a hole in the floor. Seeing that there's nothing going on, I leave. (Not exactly the spooky cottage you were probably hoping for, but that's how it was) I keep going on the paths and it eventually reaches a road, which I recognize as my neighbor's long driveway, I run down it and back up the road to my house in the dark. Not too exciting, but it was quite fun finding my way out and I was pretty spooked by the old cottage at first. 

tldr;
got lost in the forest in the dark and found a spooky old cottage that turned out to having nothing spooky in it.