I'm dropping out of high school Yup. It hasn't even been a month since the first semester started of 11th grade and I'm dropping out. Tuesday will be my last school day.

Here's the complicated reason why:

I'm an art student and currently planning to go to America for college. I'm turning in my applications next Jan/Feb and will most likely leave next August. The school year starts in March and ends in February here so dropping out was kinda inevitable. I didn't make many friends and most likely won't have the time to make any anymore so I'm not too sad. Will I be lonely? Fuck yes I will I've been crying over that for the past few days. 

&amp;#x200B;

Random stuff abt going to America I just want to say:

Yes, I am going to college as a minor. I'm actually really worried about that since I'm going alone. I want to 'rest a semester' before I start my first year so I can at least go as an adult around the time all of my friends graduate high school. But if resting a semester cancels any sort of potential scholarship, I have to go right away bc my family can't afford to pay for everything. My mom said that if I want to go a year late, I'm gonna have to work during that time and earn back at least some of the fees but given how I'll still be a minor when I work, I don't think it's realistically possible. 

I also want to start dating when I go to America. I've been single since the start of middle school and I didn't really have much hope about dating here(I go to an all girl's school and 99% of them are straighter than a ruler). I don't want to meet the wall of being a minor when I go try to date someone in America. Not saying that I'm that confident in my skills or looks but I'm just saying. I also have a friend who's practically acting as my mom saying things like "I won't let you date any adult during your first two years. Don't move in together unless you've been dating for at least a year(the school I want to go to has no dorms). Keep the age gap around 2 years max." I don't think she's mean or anything(it was cute) and after hearing all that made me think a bit about dating when I go. 

&amp;#x200B;

Also, I'm practically free all day so if anyone wants to ask me anything, I'd be more than welcome.