Quite a few things from different subreddits I want to rant about. So there have been some issues with some subreddits I'm a part of, and they don't seem to get any better either, so.....

r/Conservative: I thought this would be a subreddit for center center-right people like myself, where civil discussions, thoughts on the current political climate, etc could happen, and that's the way it was for a while. However, it became hyperpolarized as a result of Reddit's last big subreddit ban, which included just about all of the Trump fan club subs. As a result, they flooded over to this one, and I end up feeling like I'm scrolling through trump 2020 ads. If I wanted to do that I'd just watch youtube, so not my thing whatsoever.

 r/PornhubComments, r/technicallythetruth, r/unexpectedMontyPython, and r/PewdiepieSubmissions: Put these all in the same group because they all have the same problem. They've all become circlejerks for the same joke, same gig, etc. I've seen like the same posts on r/technicallythetruth at least 20 times, and that's at least 15 times too many. I kind of feel like these subreddits naturally have dry spurs in terms of new content to post, which is fine, by all means. However, instead of not posting anything, people post the same joke/meme/whatever over and again. Hell, I feel like even r/memes sort of falls into this category, but at least their circlejerk is a bit more encompassing than "hehe Sive be a simp".

Finally, r/science, r/mildlyinfuriating, r/extremelyinfuriating, and r/nextfuckinglevel: kind of a mix of the first two paragraphs so naturally the best for last. It seems like they've become increasingly polarized and political over the COVID pandemic/lockdown time, and they don't make any sense. Like if I wanted to see about New Zealand's reaction to having 4 new cases, I'd visit r/Coronavirus, not r/science or r/nextfuckinglevel. Shouldn't the front page of r/science be more about recent advances in STEM fields or maybe a breakthrough in astronomy, instead of a difference in life expectancy in red and blue states, or you know, actual science? And then people will get "extremely infuriated" when you see a cop with his hand on his pistol grip during a traffic stop WHEN THAT IS WHAT THEY'RE LITERALLY TRAINED TO DO. If you have something political, post it on a political subreddit. When someone with immense talent does something absolutely insane, post it to r/nextfuckinglevel.

&amp;#x200B;

TLDR: Post stuff that actually fits that subreddit, and be creative. Downvote me into oblivion if you wish, idc. I'm just happy I got this frustration out.