A rant about something I'd loved but left because of circumstances:) This is gonna be a long rant because nobody irl really cares at this point. I apologise in advance if it upsets anyone or gets too negative- I'm stuck in a miserable moment right now.

Have you ever had that one thing that you loved but left behind yet still think of Every. Fucking. Day? 

It would be tennis for me. I stopped playing it three- three and a half years back and I still miss it every single day. I changed academies thrice before ultimately leaving the sport altogether even though I loved it so fucking much and was lost without playing it. It started to get associated with unpleasant memories and pathetic conversations and just... it was bad.

I've tried going into another sports like swimming, boxing, mma but... ever have that one thing that ruined you for everything else? Those sports were great but they couldn't quite match up to the spot that tennis had, and will always have, in my heart.

Every time when I score good or win an award or something all of my relatives start asking what I want for a gift, that I have to say the name and they'll get it and internally I'm just like "Please get me a good coach. Someone who isn't fucking four hours away or cares about how much I weigh or will go to the extent of breaking my racquet because I didn't buy one from their relative." 

Literally all I want is ONE coach to actually care about me and my game. Who doesn't give a fuck about me being a girl or that I am a kilogram above/below what they want me to weigh- who is genuinely invested in improving my game. I will honestly go to hell and back for them but... 😂fuck man just ine nice coach.

I really can't blame anyone, my family (both immediate and extended) tried. I'm very very thankful that they cared enough but the distance was too much to travel in a single day, going and returning. 

I still play once every few months. Usually I'm just in my room shadowing movements. Sometimes I get in these bitter and sad spells 😅 but y'know, shit happens and that's that. 

Either way I hope you have a nice day:)