I've had a thing for my close friend for a year and it only seems to get stronger met him in university, we were living on the same floor in our dorm building and had similar classes because we were in the same program (but we never actually ever hungout in class - if we saw each other we'd smile but that's it) so we saw each other at the same time each day due to schedules just aligning. We always said hi, sometimes a little conversation here and there but always smiled or said hey. I loved it. He made me feel so at ease and comfortable. He is a little socially awkward but it's actually endearing. I feel like it's something that makes people like him so much if you get me. 

Anyway long story short we just started becoming better friends during exam season last year (literally December 2019) and then got really close during the 2nd semester (started Jan 2020) until the pandemic really hit and everyone was in Lockdown Mid-March. We stayed in touch of course, but spending lots of time with each other at the beginning of the year confirmed my feelings for him and I knew it was real because when I told our mutual friends about my crush, I started to like him even more.

We have gotten closer with our 2nd year being online (Sept 2020) and while we did talk in the summer, it was only a few times a month cause he was so busy working and all. When school started we would talk to each other at least 6 days a week. So we grew closer with each discord call (lmao) and stayed there for hours. We had periods where we didn't talk for like 20 minutes, but having that person on the other side was very comforting, I imagine for both of us.. as he literally told me that if we couldn't discord everyday he would kill himself lmao (online sciool had made us say things we never thought were in us. It's been shitty man). 

But omg I want him so much. I know we wouldn't actually work out long term because we have different core values and want different things at the end of the day, but right now I want him so bad. I know our friendship isn't worth sacrificing so I know it probably won't happen, but I can't ever stop imagining him holding me when I feel sad and upset or him doing other things to me. You know what I'm talking about.

I know I want him because literally every time I get high, I think about how much I want him. And I've been getting high a lot recently because I'm on Christmas break and this is something I need after the pain of those last 3 months.

Anyway... I just wanted to share that. Would love to see anyone's thoughts or opinions on this, esp after I sober up 😂