Somewhere between a poem and a story 11:08 pm

I sit in my basement.

Not a “store the junk and crappy stuff” basement. I got permission from my parents to turn this into a “lab” of sorts a few months ago. This is the place where I do my school and science projects. Essays and creation of synthetic ruby. Slideshow presentations and robots. A need to do work and an urge to learn.

But not tonight.

11:14

Tonight I pace the concrete floors. Now a dull gray rather than the maroon color I stripped it of a few months back. The walls I pass are different colors. In my room of the basement they’re painted a  shade of white with slight tones of gray. The next room over is painted a sea-foam green, my moms choice. Nothing wrong with the color, the room is more of a hallway anyways. The room past that hasn’t been fully painted. Some of the walls are painted the same shade of white as my room, one of the walls has a bit of a coral pink on it. 

These are the rooms I pace at this hour. The safe space, the passageway, and the project. I could go upstairs and go to sleep right now.

But not tonight

11:28

I stoped walking. I stare at my whiteboard. Not a small grade school white board. This one takes up a whole wall. 8ft tall and 10 ft wide. Normally it’s used to draw designs for projects of mine or school work. Usually robot arms or trigonometry. 

Today it reads differently. Today it reads “*an elaborately designed privately owned spiral galaxy*”

It’s a song lyric. It’s from the song “privately owned spiral galaxy”

It’s a song that can be only be related to by me on nights like tonight aside from the screaming.

Some nights instead of listening to this I’d just listen to some happier music and drift asleep to it

But not tonight

11:44


Loneliness is an interesting thing. You could have just one person who loves you and you can be fine, or, you could be friends with everyone and still feel like the loneliest alive.

I fall in the middle. I have a total of 7
Friends. 5 in real life, 2 online. Two of my friends I met in middle school. The three of us form a triangle where any of us get along with any other each of us is friends with the other two even aside from the group. 
One of my other friends is a grade above me. I haven’t talked to her in a while. She has a boyfriend so she kinda just talks to him instead. 
I also have a friend a grade lower. She’s great. Talking to her almost never changes to a deep conversation. Always inside jokes and fun sarcastic comments.
I have two online friends too. One of them I met on the rteenagers Minecraft earth server. I haven’t talked to him in a while. I hope he’s doing ok. 
The other I met here on Reddit. She’s nice. She apologizes a lot and has some issues but honestly she’s one of the only people keeping me going sometimes.
Lastly there’s my girlfriend. I’m not going to speak much on her tonight. All I will say is I wish I was talking to her right now. She probably isn’t asleep right now, but I’m to insecure to call people without feeling like a burden.

Maybe someday I’ll work up the confidence to call her when I’m feeling this way.

But not today

11:56

Sometimes I wonder about death. I’m religious but I hope there isn’t an afterlife. If I die I want to rest. An eternal sleep.

Some days I wonder what would happen if I just drank all the chemicals in my lab. Acetone, urethane, and aluminum oxide would surely rip through my internal organs. Maybe someday my suicidal thoughts will get to me.

But not tonight

12:08