I will resolve the lions v.s. Pokemon debate with simple math. So, take a lion from the 1 billion and take altaria with earthquake. According to bulbapedia, the max PP of earthquake is 16, and, well, it’s an earthquake, so obviously it OHKO’s a lion. Now, why is 16 pp relevant? Because we need a way to recover it, or else we only kill 16 lions. How do we solve this? Simple, the ability pickup. Since it’s just “1 of every pokemon” and no npcs(not that there is an npc that sells pp restoring items anyway), the pickup ability is the only way to restore PP, assuming that we can’t plant leppa berries. Now, why does the pickup ability restore pp? It just picks up random items, it shouldn’t be able to restore pp. well, that’s the thing, pickup has a chance of giving you ethers, and you can use elixirs to restore pp. there are 21 pokemon(including evolutions)with the “pickup” ability, and there is a 10% chance of pickup activating after every battle, even if a Pokémon wasn’t active in the battle. Probability says the ability would proc twice because there is 21 pokemon and a 10% chance on each, effectively giving a 210% chance. What’s the chance of getting ether from pickup? 30%. We’ll give pokemon their one and only privilege, and this privilege is allowing all of the pokemon with pickup to have their ability activate after a battle has ended, even if they aren’t in the party, because the party has a limit of 6. Now, how likely is it that there will be enough ethers to sustain the PP of altaria’s earthquake? Very likely, because ethers give 10 pp to one move, and it takes one earthquake to finish a battle, and there is around a 60% chance to get an ether(30% for every proc and 2 procs on average), you can get 6 ethers in the amount of battles it takes to use up earthquake enough to use 1 ether in the most effective way possible, or in other words, 6 ethers every time you need to use 1 ether.

Feel free to correct me on anything here, some of this data is based off many different games, for example the ether drop rate is based off ruby and sapphire, and the amount of pokemon with the pickup ability is based on sword and shield.