I got into a fender bender today For those that dont know, a fender bender is a car crash which results in damage greater than a nick or scratch, and always has damaged body panels (pretty self explanatory)

 I got hit from behind while I was at a yeild trying to merge into the flow of traffic. Somehow the old lady who ran into me didn't know I was there and tried to force herself into the flow of traffic, but I was in the way. Fortunately, I was working at the time and was driving around a company van, so I don't have to worry about repairing my personal car. The impact was at pretty low speed, I was stopped and she was doing probably under 20km/h (~13mph?) so no one was seriously hurt. The intersection that I got hit is a really badly designed intercession with big blindspots and lots of fast moving traffic, so it wouldn't be uncommon for me to see an accident there once every couple weeks

I drive around my home city delivering auto parts for a living, so it was more a matter of when rather than if. Still, this was my first car accident (either driver or passenger). Scared the living shit out of me. The van I was driving is fine, it just needs a new bumper and a couple of new back doors. The check engine light didn't even come on. If I could properly latch the back doors I couldve kept driving it around and couldn't care less. Her SUV was a little more beat up though, as it looks like itll need a new bumper, rad, oil cooler, a/c condensor, etc. She actually took the plastic facia of my back bumper off and it was stuck in her grill when I got out to look. 

I'm glad that she didn't get hurt, she was probably 70ish years old. She was the first thing I checked on after I made sure that we were both parked off to the side of the road. A young man like me can heal, but someone her age would take a bit of effort to recover. 

No witnesses decided to stop and help. I guess they couldn't be bothered. It's a shame but unfortunately not uncommon in my city. 

For the first couple of hours after the accident my adrenaline was running really high (I could barely write down the other drivers info my hands were shaking so bad) so I didn't really feel anything but it's been about 9 hours since the accident and now my lower to mid back has really stiffened up and is giving me some grief. Don't worry though, I've already booked an appointment with my family doctor for tomorrow to see if any real damage has decided to show up. 


Sorry for the rant. I needed to talk to someone about it, and get all the details out.