I feel suffocated i feel like i can’t talk to anyone anymore

my family (besides my mom) are the biggest hypocrites you’ll even meet and everytime i try to vent to one of them about the other, they try to tell me CaLm DoWn iTs NoT tHaTs SeRiOuS. the hell it isn’t.! my dad is verbally and every so often physically abusive, my older sister loves to vent to me about her problems but won’t let me about mine, my other sister and i just don’t get along and she gets offended super easily. the only person i can vent to is my mom who sometimes looks at me like i’m being over dramatic. sometimes i vent to my mom and she looks at me like it’s a fucking joke. and yes, sometimes the problems are kinda small, but there’s a shit ton of them. my best friend comforts me but isn’t able to do much bc his parents actually love each other and him and his sister get along just fine. my female best friend comforts me too but still doesn’t have to deal with my shit and always tells me to look to god. yes i’m a christian but god ain’t gonna do shit for me and i know that. y’all need some examples cuz i got plenty

1- my older sister and dad hate when people interrupt them but constantly jut over me and then say SoRrY tO iNtErRuPt and talk about some shit that isn’t even on topic. this one not that bad but it happens like every damn day

2- my dad constantly tells me how worthless and pathetic and disrespectful i am. on top of that he lets me know that i’m gonna grow up to having no friends and everyone hating me. called me on occasions a fat ass (i’m not overweight and barely that heavy, while he’s over weight by like 10-12 lbs) and a piece of shit and disrespectful little shit that doesn’t appreciate anything i have.

3, respect your elders!- my dad is constantly telling me that i need to respect him bc he’s my father, but he refuses to give me respect. he constantly yells at me and is getting on to me over the smallest fucking things and says he deserves it when he doesn’t

4- marks. literal red marks. he hits me so hard whenever he does it leaves red marks through my clothing, as well as whenever i start to cry bc he’s being such a dick he starts yelling at me for crying

5-my family (besides my mom, again) is just so self centered on their own problems that they just don’t think twice about mine. not that i’m selfish about it, but i have a lot of mental issues like OCD and SPD which aren’t too severe but it’s enough to make me have breakdowns

in conclusion, turning to fellow teenagers seems like the best thing to do. i feel like i can talk to no one i’m close to. i get all of the verbal abuse out of my three siblings. my sisters only get yelled at whenever they’re being extra rude or whiny. my dad is constantly yelling at my mom and being a total dickhead and then the next day acts like nothing happened. same drill with me. and everytime he blames it on HIS mom, who treated him like that. but then he claims we’re lucky he’s not like her but he is. 

here’s another example for my mom and dad

mom- is crying in her bathroom because my dad just yelled at her after insulting her harshly bc she “runs a kitchen differently”

dad- claims it was to make him look bad so refuses to apologize

me and sisters- force him to apologize

dad- goes in there and starts bitching again, wanting an apology from her

mom- doesn’t apologize, bc she did nothing wrong

dad- gets angry, insults and raises voice. apologizes a fake sorry and said yOu WiN aRe YoU hApPy? YoU aLwAyS hAvE tO WiN.

dad- storms out of bathroom “well i’m sorry you can’t apologize properly!”

my dad thinks it’s always a win lose thing, and never admits to being in the wrong, actually glorified how right he is all the time once

i’m so sry this is so long and badly written. i’m so distraught and angry that i just had to get it partly off my chest. if u read all the way through, thank you.