I messed up big time Ok context: my GFs dad said if were ever hanging out there has to be adult supervision.

That's fair and I get why that is and every other time we have there has been 

So today I decide "eh parents arent home who cares it's not like anyone would find out" 

I explain this to my GF she agrees we go to my house and watch JoJos Bizarre Adventure for a bit.

We did not do anything NSFW because we aren't stupid.

The one day.
The one day my GFs dad texts my parents to ask if they're home.

I walk her home and her mom pokes her head out the door and says her dad wants to talk to us for a second

And I immediately started to panic in my head.

My thought process was as follows but I took the liberty of making it a little more SFW:

"FrickFrickFrick did he find out? FrickFrickFrick no. Theres no way he could have all she asked her mom was if she could come over she didnt specify anything else FrickFrickFrickFrickFrick"

Got inside and conversation went as follows (*means I was just thinking it*

GF'S dad: okay Levi if your parents arent home Julia cant come over 

*oh my good freakin god*
Me: oh ok I'm sorry

GFs dad: I want you to come over here more often 
(Normally we hang out at my house)

Me: oh alright will do

GFs dad: yeah next time you guys are out walking (that's how we usually start hanging out we just go for a walk together cause we live close by) just come back here

Me: ok will do

I should specify he wasn't yelling or being harsh it was really just a step below passive aggressive but I have never been more mortified 

And like I said we weren't doing anything NSFW but theres no way he could know that

The worst part about this is I'm worried my GF got in trouble for my stupid decision.

TL,DR I hung out with my GF when my parents weren't home (nothing NSFW was done) and her dad and I had an awkward conversation 

Obviously I'll be going over there for a while and being as respectful as possible and maybe I'll give an update in a while to see if this gets less awkward. 

Anyone have any advice??? I'm absolutely mortified not to mention terrified of her dad.