All the reasons the world is screwed (also some general life tips) You can disagree


women face a lot every damn day like every woman I know has been made to feel uncomfortable by a man and it just makes me depressed even though I’m male. Even though it’s talked about everywhere we need more people to know. All kids need to be raised knowing what it’s like to be a women and even though I’m not even a women I have heard so many story’s and it’s probably worse than i think it is which makes the situation even more terrible. Please just tell every single person you know just make sure they know



Police brutality.
They think just because they have a weapon they can use it whenever they want. They think just because they are police they won’t face consequences. I saw a police car outside McDonald’s and a teenage girl shoplift something next door and I’m not kidding when I say they do not do there job right. For any good police folk out there this isn’t against you it’s against the pricks who will abuse the badge.


Pedophilia.

Ima say this one more time and we’ve all heard it but it still fucking continues. 
It is not a sexuality it’s wrong and it’s terrible. Children are easily influenced and do not know ethics and abusing that is sick. It’s just sick and I’m gonna be honest you deserve to die if you take an interest in children 


Here’s something not many people tell you I don’t think. YOU DONT WANT TO BE FAMOUS. Fame can be bad and draw negative attention to you and uh ever heard of what happened to lady gaga’s dogs and dog walkers? The Walker got shot and the dogs kidnapped. Fame can be bad. And lead to misery. Famous people assassinated a lot of famous people have died because of their fame.



All of this has been discussed so much but some people in the world still go blind about it.


Treat the people around you better. Every single day there’s a chance you won’t come home and you would want  peoples image of you to be good. Try to always be in happy conversation with the people you hold closest. My mum is quite ill and I have to face this every day and I always just try to have happy conversation with her and make her laugh. Just always cherish every moment no matter how severe the situation is.


To a lot of people on Reddit what I would say is just go outside please. 


Don’t be toxic over games, it’s just a game. I see people getting DOXXED over MINECRAFT. Do you hear how stupid that is. Actual real life identity compromised. Actual illegal stuff over a BLOCK GAME. Noah get the boat I swear.


For parents specifically. Embrace some facts.
- Your kid is their own person, they have to make their own choices
- You aren’t always going to be there. Don’t be overprotecting and teach them to be independent
- One day your child will grow up and well become an adult, do adult things. You need to just realise that they won’t always be your little kid and they have a life
- Taking a way the things they love won’t make them learn it will just make them dislike you 



I’m prepared to be critized come at me

have a good life