Does masturbating make you a bad person? #Alright so I have a question I’d like to ask especially to girls, do you feel disgusted by guys who masturbate? Because I personally think it’s fine but someone said that it’s fucking gross.

*Okay so a bit of context here:*

Today after school me and my friend group went to a diner to pass time because we’re having tuition classes in an hour. So when we were waiting for the food, my friend (a dude) talked about this sex joke a youtuber made, i think that youtuber said something like “first the knuckle then the whole fist”. 

Just in case you didn’t there’s girls and boys in our friend group. So this other girl, immediately after him finishing the joke, yelled “yierrrr” which is like an exclamation of feeling disgusted. Okay I think it’s pretty normal to feel a bit disgusted or shy to talk about sex jokes like that but it was later followed up by this sentence: [in Chinese] “btw I’m **deeply disgusted by guys who masturbate. Like don’t you think they’re disgusting**? Do you guys masturbate?” And then later she said: “I cannot ‘tahan’ boys who masturbate” (tahan is a Malay word commonly used among Malaysians, which means endure, tolerate)

Now here’s the thing: I bet 90% of men HAVE masturbated at least once at some point of their life, and that about 50% of men masturbate regularly (I didn’t google these numbers it’s just my assumption).  There’s just two types of guys: those who openly discuss about porn and stuff, and those who are shy to talk about it and wouldn’t want anyone to know about it.

I’m pretty sure my that guy friend masturbates although I have no proof, because he hesitated a bit when that girl asked us if we masturbated, and he kinda defended people who masturbate. But so do I, and probably all of you guys reading this post. So I’m really curious about you girls’ thoughts on guys masturbating, do you feel disgusted about it?

*sorry if you had a hard time trying to understand what I’m trying to say, my English isn’t perfect but I’m always happy to learn.*