Online School: A Rant This is going to be a rant about online school. For context, our school has a hybrid schedule. In-person students go back to the school for 5 days a week, and online students have to stay online for the whole week. Our school uses google meets/google classroom/google calendar, so it's all one central (google) system. I'm an online student.

Let's start off with the whole dividing attention thing between both online students and in-person learners. Obviously, it's hard to manage two groups of people in two separate locations, but some of my teachers don't even try. They send the online students off early to go do an asynchronous assignment, but I learn practically nothing. I'm so far behind as opposed to the other students and it's very stressful. I don't expect teachers to put together a long slideshow detailing each and every thing I should be doing. HOWEVER, some form of guidance would be nice.

Next up: band. For band, people who go back in-person need to wear a special "band mask" which is really just a mask with a hole in it. This completely eliminates the purpose of the mask, and band lasts for almost an hour, meaning that people at school spend about an hour breathing on each other while in close contact. I say this without equivocation: it's stupid. Covid IS going to spread through this class, and more preventive measures should be taken.

Continuing on: math. I've learned practically nothing throughout the entire school year. Our teacher assigns too much work and, when I ask for help, she obfuscates the topic even further. Again, I don't expect teachers to go above and beyond to cater to my every need, but it would be nice if she could explain things in a way that makes sense. I'm not the only person in my math class who feels this way either. I've talked to some of my other friends who also have the same math teacher and they share my views. Making sure that your students actually understand the topic would be proficuous to not just the teacher, but it would also be useful for the students.

I had a friend who went back to in-person school for a couple of weeks (let's call him W). W was MISERABLE. People would pull down their masks and cough on other people as a "joke", and would do various other unsanitary things to mock covid. Not only was it blatantly ignoring the rules and expectations the school had set out, it was also genuinely frightening because W has a lung condition and could have died if he caught covid. Furthermore, the school didn't punish the idiotic students who behaved in this manner. The school's lack of a viable response is, in my opinion, very disturbing. They claim that they're prepared and are taking precautions against covid, and yet they didn't discipline the students who knowingly broke these precautions.

Oh, and don't even get me started on our science teacher. Basically, I had a great science teacher at the beginning of this year, but when school opened up again (on a hybrid schedule), every teacher was forced to come back to school. My science teacher had a very young son, and was scared that she would bring covid home to him. She quit and we got a new science teacher. Our science teacher does try, but she has other things to do, and the directions/resources that she provides us with are often confusing. She assigns a lot of work in a short period of time, and I freak out whilst trying to finish my homework. This leads me to stay up late. I drink a lot of caffeinated tea to compensate for my lack of sleep, which isn't healthy for a growing teenager. If I don't drink caffeine, however, I'll be completely exhausted, and this becomes a cycle that I can't get out of.

tldr; fuck covid.