UPDATE: I shat my pants in school and now I'm being threatened with expulsion Original post: 

https://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/j9f0g0/i_shat_my_pants_in_school_and_now_im_being/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share

Thank you to everyone who commented on my first post. I had my second meeting today regarding the incident that happened on Friday. I met with the school board with my parents to determine whether or not I will be expelled from school.

I wasn't allowed to attend class as they said I'm "suspended for now" and had to go into a meeting with the principal, my teacher, the superintendent, and a bunch of other school officials. 

My teacher spoke first saying that I raised my hand while she was lecturing which I was but she claimed that no one is allowed to ask questions until she is done speaking and that it is how she has taught for the past 24 years. I tried to explain that I was trying to get her attention so that way the incident that happened would have been prevented but she interrupted me while I was speaking yelling that I knew her rules and that I was just making excuses.

The principal then asked my parents if I had a history of causing problems in school. I did in early elementary school but that was 7 years ago yet the principal took that as me having trouble making tendencies and said I am a "high risk" student and that because of my past way back in 2nd and 3rd grade that he's not sure whether or not to believe me.

The school board and everyone else including my parents were all discussing what to do with me and they eventually asked me what I think about my "heinous act" now that they made me "realize" the severity of my actions. They still claimed that me defecating myself in class for what they thought was on purpose is a threat to everyone else's health in the biggest pandemic in a century. They still say I intentionally caused a panic and my teacher even called it an "act of biological terrorism" as there was some left on the seat that went through my pants unfortunately.

I brought up how I'm being bullied online over it being called names like "poopy pete" or "Captain Crapper" by my peers but that didn't seem to convince them that this wasn't on purpose.

They decided that they need to think about it and discuss what should happen for the next two days and on Wednesday I will find out the results in the third and final meeting. 

So yeah, it seems like nothing progressed and I feel like my parents have disowned me. They won't talk to me at all and didn't defend me at all in the meeting, mostly agreeing with the school. Their only reason for wanting me to stay in the school is because it's a pain in the ass to put me in a different district but they don't care about what I have to say and believe I did it on purpose.

I will update you all on Wednesday with the results as to whether or not this is going to get me expelled but as of right now, I'm suspended.