I did a thing and regretted it So i use amino to sell adopts for money/amino coins. Lately i’d been feeling down and decided to leave amino. I hated the image i’d created for myself there, i was disrespectful towards everyone to the point where my favourite artist blocked me. I wanted to start again, with a new and better personality. So basically, i made a post with some simple lie and said i was wrapping up and leaving.  
then moved onto a new account to start over again, But, i made the mistake of saying Former-me knew new-me. Fast forward a month and i cant stand acting nice towards everyone, decided fuck it, im going back. So here i am, people confused about whos who and me denying everything and lying because i cant stand people asking questions and i dont wanna look bad.   
at this point i feel like the 5 people i talk to aren’t worth staying for, and the mess i put myself in isn’t worth lying for. I realize that if i leave now there will be nowhere else for me to make money doing this, Where I actually understand the system and feel comfortable. it’d just leave everyone confused and me regretting everything a week later, wanting to go back, not being able to, messing up again and again until my name on social media and in the adopt community is spit on and shoved up on the tallest shelf In the attic, to rot and collect dust.  
i don’t know what to do, i know that people from the community this is taking place in might see it and connect the dots back to me, but honestly ive fucked this up enough already.   
it cant be fixed so i might as well make it worse lol  
i feel guilty, i made something i enjoyed because it was simple so complicated I permanently ruined it for not only myself, but the people who bought my stuff too. it doesn’t matter if i go onto another community, the same people are everywhere, Im constantly scared someone will actually pay attention to my account for a minute and figure everything out. Even if that’s extremely unrealistic and unreasonable.   


i tried too hard, forgot about it, got back and realized i messed everything up. like sure at this point i might aswell Just go give a royal fuck you to that one asshole and delete everything.

advice is appreciated lol, there are way more details, like different accounts different places and emails being shit when they shouldn‘t, its just a whole confusing labyrinth of a rabbit hole i wont take you down, but this above is the situation in short.

&amp;#x200B;

(for flairs i didn’t know weather to put this as social or rant but rant seems accurate enough Lmao)