weird symptoms   The best way I can articulate the experience I am having through an analogy of eating out of a pudding cup. Its like when you get to the end and you are scrapping for the little bits you can find but ultimately its not enough to satisfy you. Its like that except with knowledge and my brain. My head just feels empty, and I feel like every time I am reaching for information to analysis or critically think or answer a question that involves problem solving, my mind is blank, and I am scrapping for facts to try to synthesis, and nothing comes up. Its also the same with like social and cultural issues. The class will be discussing gender equality or racism and as a black woman, you’d think id be able to articulate some information about those topics, but I can’t. It feels as if I went into a coma at 12 and woke up from a 5-year coma and now I’m cultural incompetent. I can’t give any information about any topic or discuss topics even thought I feel like I should be well versed in them due to experiences or previous knowledge from classes and the world. I just can’t synthesize information or analysis information, or problem solve anymore. I also have a really hard time formulating my opinions on things beyond “racism is bad”. Like I will recognize like events that happened in with racism occurred, but beyond that I cant really analyze anything. It started out in math and I thought I just wasn’t good at math but then it branched to science, where I am good at it, and I realized that I just have no ability to understand, process, and give an answer. Like someone will ask: “analyze the effects of an animals environment on its behavior” and I wouldn’t be able to come up with an effective line of reasoning or answer. Basically, I feel like I can’t think anymore and unless a question is a direct knowledge-based question, I don’t understand how to answer it. I feel like this problem started like 3 years ago and has gotten progressively worse. I don’t think I have any sort of neurological disorder, but I don’t know how to fix whatever this is.