Am I greedy? I'm in my room weeping my eyes out because of my parents and if you read this then it will make my day. 

My parents have always given me the bare minimum,(food, clothes etc even though they had quite a bit of money ) and I am happy for everything they did to me. I just wanna say before I start this long ass rant that I'm grateful for them being my parents and shiz.

 When I was 8, I was so desperate for pocket money because I was literally could not buy anything, and my mum gave me 3p if I cleaned the entire house, and I did. I would be really delighted to think at the end of the year, I'll be able to receive the 1 pound or something and I'm not even kidding. My parents never bought me anything for celebrations or my birthday. I begged my parent's phone and they never gave me, but a family friend gave her old phone to me and I was so happy. (my mum hid it 3 months after receiving it for2 years and lied to me I lost it and I believed her. She gave it to me back last year because my grades were better.. I was only in year 7)

Anyways I studied Arabic and got a pretty good mark on my  Arabic GCSE in order to at least teach it. I started teaching Arabic at 13 as a teacher assistant. I would receive £5 per 5 hours but that was fine because at least I got money somehow. I did feel kinda exploited because I would normally do more work than the average adult teacher there (everyone asked me to mark their books) but I didn't take any notice of it. Coronavirus happened and the school basically shutdown.

A lot of the women in that school asked my mum to teach theyre children Arabic, and so my mum agreed. But she said for her daughter (me and my sister even though my sister didn't do her GCSE) to teach the class Arabic. Anyways I started teaching and preparing tests and PowerPoint to the kids and it all went good. My mum was planning to make fee £3 every hour for one child and I was really happy because I got something more than the Arabic school I used to teach in. Anyways, my mum started shouting at me saying whether you like it or not, you will give £10 to your siblings every month and I said I don't really want to (my siblings are in reception and my mum never gave me anything when I was they're age then so why do I have to bother giving them pocket money when she doesn't do it her self?) My phone is broken and (I'm still not paid in Arabic school) every time I ask my parents to do that one favour for me to fix it they scream at me saying they do everything for me, and I am not trying to sound rude or horrible in any way, 

anyways when I said, I don't really want to give my siblings money every month because I'm the one actually teaching and preparing the lessons that I teach, both my parents fanatically scream at me saying I'm so bloody greedy and that I have no mercy what so ever. I do give to charity often but..Am I greedy? 

also according to my mum even if I agree or disagree she's still taking a large portion of my money to my siblings for no reason, even though I did say I would buy them stuff for like celebrations or birthdays.  I'm a 16-year-old girl who works really hard yet I'm expected to give my siblngs pleasure money when they are in literal kindergarten yet my parents never did any favour to me in my life ;-;

Random human, thanks for reading my very long essay about my miserable life.