I found this circulating on the net.... Honestly, I find it relateable Have any of u ever thought about what these online clases are doing to us students ????I've been wanting to speak up for quiet some time now...so let's start...
First of all we were all very happy that our holidays extended bcause of covid..everyone was...but none of us expected that it'll go on for this long...and now every single one of us are missing our friends and want to meet eachother badly...now most of us have to celebrate our bdays at home..we can't invite anyone..we can't go out to have fun like we used to..we can't hug eachother..talk to eachother face to face..we can't do anything...everyone misses those days when we used to go to school..enter the class and first thing you do is call out for your best friend...and greet eachother with hugs and hifi's..and standing in those long assembly lines trying not to fall asleep..and maybe even mess with the person standing in front of you in the line..and in the first period when the teacher comes..takes attendance..starts her lesson and stuff..eating snacks in the class without the teacher noticing..sitting at the back carving on the tables with a compass or a steel scale..sharpening your pencils and throwing the trash under the bench... ofc the dustbin in our class is just a show piece..all those frooti packets we burst creating loud noises...all those times when we sat together at lunch gossiping and shit..annoying the PT sir..being sent out of the class but you were never alone..some or the other person from the class would always give you company even outside the class..annoying the nerds..and games period... the only session when all of us feel alive..we get out of the class excited and that's the only time when we obey our PT teacher so that he takes us to the ground asap..we go wild not caring about anything... lost in the game...and that sad moment when PT teachers blows the whistle out loud indicating time is up and we all have to head back to class.. and then after games swithching on the fans turning it to full speed and gulping down water from your bottles as if your life depended on it ..and how can we forget ?
THE Last period...waiting waiting waiting for this bell to ring~ "bro 1 more minute and bell will ring" someone says and then- 
RING! And then the prayer and after that we dash out of the classroom talking to our friends joking around go to our school buses and then return home safely..we eat some tasty snacks our mom prepared and then we have tutions..after that we do our school work and study ..dinner with fam while watching tv and then go to bed ..or maybe even spend the night watching some movies or listening to music waiting for the next morning.. not exactly but we're always excited to meet our friends!. And the process repeats ........but NOW it's all gone...
And when I  say gone...
We are not excited for school anymore..c'mon we never were but this time..things changed ...drastically ..we have to adapt to these new changes..online classes..online exams.. online projects....online activities... OH CMON EVEN GROUP ACTIVITIES ARE ONLINE! At first some of us were ok with this..we got new stuff..parents bought wifi..some even bought new laptops , smartphones , headphones , earphones and what not for their kids so that they can attend these online classes without any trouble...but don't just look at the good side..the bad thing is that..we don't get to see eachother..only virtually..and you won't understand the pain a student is facing right now in his or her life until you are a student yourself !it's hard ...very hard...I see everyone forwarding messages about the sruggles a teacher is going through...but no one..literally no one thought about a students pain ? "Oh yea they're just mere kids...so whats the point ?" ...this is what probably everyone's been thinking..yes we r just kids but..BUT we have feelings too..we also struggle with the new system..we are also humans..we also feel tired.. restless..stressed..over worked..and depressed... I said what I said !
We have more burden..more wieght on our shoulders...  And y'all still think that "OK SINCE THESE KIDS ARE SITTING AT HOME.. THEY WILL BE JUST WASTING TIME DOING NOTHING SO HOW ABOUT WE GIVE THEM WORK TO DO ?" ok see I'm not complaining or anything..the school gives us work..we do it but..there's a limit you know ? We have tests without breaks.. activities..projects..group projects..viva..presentations..and legit online functions...you are killing our energy !! We are enough grown up and we are well aware of what's happening around us ! We have to do whatever the school days and tho we hesitate to do some things...teachers force us..the school forces us to do it ! You keep extra classes for all these physical health education ..mental health education..and so on... For bringing a change in us..tginking you are helping us to develop in some way..but I don't see any changes !! The reason why we don't interact in these self developement classes because we know..WE KNOW there's no POINT ! It's not helping us overcome stress..it's not helping us reduce our work load..it's not helping us in anything !!! If your planning to teach us the importance  of self development then that is good !! I mean it it's good..but the thing is ..it's very easy to ask us students "children are tou stressed about anything..? Don't worry you can talk to us.." that's what they always say.."talk to us" but we don't..why? Because it's useless..simple as that...if they actually cared then they would have reduced our work a little.clearly it might sound like I'm complaining but NO..im being serious..and even if we asked to reduce some work..our schools very famous dialog.."YOU CHILDREN ARE IN (BIG ENOUGH) THIS IS NORMAL FOR ALL OF YOU..LEARN HOW TO MANAGE YOUR TIME" 
Like seriously? This is something new to us..we just entered the high school life..we are still learning how to adapt to this new way of schooling (online class)..try and understand...give us some more time..it's not easy...this online stuff is new to us...again AGAIN y'all will say "LISTEN KIDS ITS ALREADY BEEN 8-9 MONTHS AFTER THIS ONLINE CLASS AND YOUU STILL HAVE NET ISSUES..MIC DISNT WORK..CAM DOSNT WORK. " and stuff...ok listen..our parents pay for all this...and not you..ok I get it your mic is working cam is also Working..that's good ..but dosnt your devices also stop working sometimes..? And plus...if you think we don't respond in class on purpose..it's because we might have some problem...not really some of us might be pretending to have issues..that's their fault.. either they might not know the Answer right? Ok now again you'll say "WE TEACHERS ARE THERE TO HELP YOU OUT SO ASK A QUESTION HOW MANY EVER TIMES YOU WANT WE WILL HELP" you say that ok we understand...but thing is..we still are a little awkward when it comes to ask doubts..not all of us yea.. but some of us..this is mainly because sometimes we feel what if "teacher scolds?" "Friends laugh?" "Is my doubt even a doubt?" And so on..again I get it you say you don't scold but what about your other dialog "WHAT WERE YOU DOING WHEN I WAS TEACHING YOU THIS TOPIC ? WERE YOU NOT IN MY CLASS?..it's not that we weren't listening to you but it's us who didn't understand the topic..just by teaching something once dosnt mean well undertanad it in an instant...yea sure u explain a topic multiple times...but if we're still not understanding...it's ok to teach a 100 times more..and that too this is online class..we can't predict when we'll leave the class due to some sudden power cut or network issues..you can't just assume that us students are bunking class..and you mark us absent...and because of that we get to hear nicely from our parents...even during ptms we can't voice out what we are feeling inside...because we're nervous and scared...now you'll say "YOU SHOULDNT BE NERVOUS AROUND US CHILDREN" well even if we voice out our concers...action won't be taken and we know that..so that's why we keep our mouths shut..and again it's hard for us to do so much in just a day..again you'll say "THIS KID IS DOING SO WHY CANT YOU DO?" One thing... you can't expect each and every child in this world to be the same ..one might be smart the other night be a little slow but not dumb...some ppl might do it fast...but there are a few students who take time because the need it! They might find it a little harder..they might be a little exhausted..so they don't do it..but it's not that we don't try..we do try..I'm not saying u shud ban hw or something...give as much hw you used to give in school...online classes are becoming a burden with thrice the amount of work we used to do before lockdown...I'm not putting anyone down...I'm not putting a school or any teacher down..but just trynna bring some changes... And y'all expecting us to attend each and every online classes ..even sometimes on Saturdays and Sundays...it's hard..
THE modern schooling system in India was started in the 1830s..and now we are living in the 21st century..all this while we were going to school attending classes physically...we eventually got used to it...but this online classes are new to us...and you expect us to get used to it within 7-8 months of these classes going on ? That's not easy...we still have many problems going on...imagine those poor kids who can't even attend online classes because they can't afford a proper device to use ?.. now I'm not blaming anyone for this corona ...all u need to know is that we are also humans..have feelings ..we need time...we are not all the same...it's not that since it's quarantine we just sit in front of nextflix and chill...we have other classes to attend too ..tutions..dance classes..music classes..art classes..and so on...I hope you understand...theres a lot more to say but I'll just stop here ..thankyou for taking your time to read this...really appreciate it ! Again I'm not trynna put anyone down..