URGENT! My friend is being manipulative and a horrible person. My friend has been lying to me and my best friend and manipulating us

Story 1: they "borrowed" a fidget spinner from me (i don't really care about it but it makes me distrust them) me my best friend and the manipulative one had a sleepover. We had fun. A few weeks go by and my friend gives me the fidget spinner and said i had it in my pocket. I ask wich one and they said my right front pocket. Wich it physically couldn't have been because i would've felt the hand or the fidget spinner in my pocket because my headphone case takes up a lot of space in my right pocket. It physically couldn't be there without me feeling it. I don't really care about the fidget spinner and didn't even notice it was gone until he gave it back but we instantly called his bluff. he was saying that would be a stupid plan and therefore he wouldn't have done it

Story 2. Lying about murdering his father who left.
Recently this person told us that he murderd his father and we pretty much knew he was lying so we just brushed it of. A few months later he was trying to tell a story about his dad and so we said "didn't you say you killed him" to wich he replied "i never said i killed him i said i wanted to kill him" wich is a lie because both me and another friend can confirm he did say that he killed him. (i don't believe he actually killed his dad but lying about it is still horrible)


Now the reason I'm telling this to the world.
Recently my best friend was talking to this person and somehow story 1 came up in conversation and he (acording to my friend) said "oh i never lied because i cut myself every time i lie to you and i haven't cut myself in the last three months" WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK! we can litterally prove he's been lying to us the past three months and he's using cutting himself as a defense for lying to us.


I'm only 13 years old so please help me on this i cant deal with this shit

TLDR:friend manipulated and lied to me about murdering people and stole my stuff and is defending himself by saying he cuts himself every time he lies to me