Writing an essay every week until I'm better at it (week 2) Title: Water

Water is an odorless, colourless, tasteless, inorganic liquid and is the main constituent of the earth’s surface and all living organisms, as far as we know. It is vital to the survival of all known living organisms even though it has no calories or organic nutrients. Potable water is rare compared to all water present on our planet and may be dangerous to humans when consumed in large quantities as it causes the sodium content in our blood to become diluted. Another danger that can be attributed to water is drowning where the lack of oxygen going into the lungs  becomes dangerous and possibly fatal, an experience that can cause a profound fear of water, especially to a kid like Jon.

The weather at the beach was ideal, the seawater was clear as the water in his bottle and the sand was a golden liquid. After setting up camp on the mostly empty beach, Jon and his younger brother went to change to an outfit more suited to swimming. His parents had told them to use floating boards but Jon had already planned on the opposite, for he lived near the beach and believed he was old and skilled enough to swim without aid and had only given it to his younger brother. Then they went to the water and started playing. The salty water was cold and refreshed them, washing away the fatigue they had gathered throughout the week. The salty air was crisp and carried with it the smell of fish. The coast sloped gently and was safe even for children as far as people knew.

After an hour, they had started getting tired from all the playing and wanted to do one last thing before they left for home, that is, a breath holding contest, for his brain had only wanted one thing then- fun. And so, They went away from the beach to a place which was considerably deep but still shallow enough to touch the ground if he really tried and so that was what he did, for the only thing he wanted at that time was fun and a challenge that sort had seemed fun at that time. On the second round, Jon had dived deep and buried his feet into the ground without much thought of what might happen. But when he tried swimming back up, he felt that his foot was stuck in the sand like he had stuck his foot into jelly.

 ‘Oh no’ thought Jon. He tried pulling his foot out but it would not budge. He shook his foot right and left and that moved his foot a bit, but he did not have the time. His brain was in full panic mode and had shut off all his senses except for sight and feel, not that he could smell anything anyway. His full focus was directed at pulling his foot out. Suddenly, he felt his lungs burn. The carbon dioxide content in his lungs had started to burn his insides. He wanted to breathe, no, he had to breathe but he could not. He opened his mouth to scream but he shouldn't. He shook his foot frantically. The corners of his vision were turning dark and he felt every beat of his heart. His body was hot, warming up the water around him. He felt the hot stream of blood rush to his brain and limbs, trying frantically to feed his brain oxygen or what little he had left in his lungs. His legs were tired, his arms were tired, his lungs were burning up and in a last attempt to survive, he had started breathing in water. Now instead of his lungs burning, they were itchy and he coughed up what little air he had in his lungs. Now, his vision had become dark and grainy and he felt weaker and weaker until,

He awoke to the beach, his mind empty. He coughed and finally breathed in what he was supposed to breathe. His brain switched itself on and coughed up most of the water left in his lungs. That was when he remembered what was going on. Whatever happened after that was a blur. He found out that it was his brother who had called someone to help him when he saw his brother struggle underwater and lucky for him, There was someone else near them and Jon was saved before it was too late. 
From that day on, Jon stayed away from water and only went in if he absolutely needed to and tried his best to not get carried away in the moment as he had that day.