Hey all! Its 2:30 am and i could really use some advice! I wont make this too long, but ill try to get enough detail in.

So. Im nearing my 2nd semester of college now, and all the way back to my junior year of highschool i started talking to this girl. And jesus fucking christ did i like this girl. A lot. We would talk every single day, all the time, but almost only solely through text. And this remained a constant all the way to halfway through my senior year. But i could tell things were slightly odd. We almost *never* talked in person, which was odd, as we had a class together and similar free times. Eventually, after i confessed my feelings, after hers seemed to shift almost daily, we stopped talking. For a month. Until she "tricked" me into sliding up on her snapchat story and we started talking again. For 2 weeks, until, without telling me, gave me an ultimatum of either confessing my feelings again or stop talking again.

Fast forward, its quarantine. We start talking again. Just as nice as when we first started. Fast forward to college. We would call each other often, watch dumb romance movies together, etc. We became an official "thing". Until 4 days later. Where i have now not talked to her again since. She said she was feeling in a funk, and we agreed on a break from talking, and it simply never ended.

And now were here. For the past 2.5 years of my life she has never not been a part of it, even when we werent talking. She has been so influential to everything in my life, and *truly* molded me into the person i am today. But at the same time, she has caused me so much sadness and confusion. 

And i really want to start talking to her again. Things didnt end how i want, and i never really wanted them to. But i truly, honestly, dont know if its a smart thing to do. I don't even know if she would ever want to talk to me again. 

But i think, truly, if i just didnt get attached again, the friendship would be amazing. The only problems that ever occurred was when one of us cared too much, so if its just a normal friendship, that couldn't happen?

Now as someone that knows the most bare of bones of the story, do you have any input at all? Anything is appreciated. And if you want more information just ask. Thank you.