Getting over a quick crush Feel free to roast me for this, I know it's stupid. Everyone important in this post is 18+. I admit i'm a simp.

Anyways, I've followed this guy on tiktok for a while. I thought he was funny, cute, and we had some things in common so he held my interest. I'm gay by the way. I don't know anything about his sexuality. I commented on most posts for the clout, and eventually he began to respond and expect my comments. Whenever he'd post one of those (you know the kind) concerning 3am tiktoks that get deleted in the morning, I would DM him and write a quick message to make sure he's alright. That was pretty much it. I didn't want anything from him, I was just bored and he's similar to me so I felt a connection. 

After some time, he began calling me by my first name in comments and dms, so I think we were friends-ish. He hosted a zoom call for his viewers and insisted that I join, even though it took me forever because my zoom was glitchy. It was the first time we'd met face to face, and he seemed really happy to see me. I was nervous, obviously, because a tiktok crush was becoming very real very fast. I mostly was on my phone because I couldn't stand the kids in the call, but had nothing else to do. Eventually he private messaged me on the zoom asking for my snapchat, which surprised me. After a few hours of the very few older people talking and laughing with/at the little kids, he claimed that he was ending the call and going to bed. Then, he booted out the kids and it was left with four girls and us two. We all stayed in the call for a few more hours, and it was pretty fun. He kept teasing me about being a simp and I admit I couldn't really defend myself that well. It was very late, and we eventually ended the call. 

Him and I starting snapchatting for while that night. He told me that he knew I was flirting with him and tried to get me to admit I was simping for him. I teased him back and eventually I admitted that I found him cute. He called me cute back. We kinda started flirting. He started asking me some questions about being gay, so I think he had recently started questioning or something similar. He asked a question that took a lot of time to answer so I asked if I could just call him. We called for a bit until I had to leave my house to watch the sunrise with my friend(regretfully). My connection faltered once I left the house, so I sent him my number and he gave me his. We called until I had to go. In retrospect I shouldn't have hung up at all. 

We snapped casually throughout the day, and he didn't respond to my attempts to conversate as much as I'd like. Everyone called again last night, but we didn't flirt or snap. It was all friendly though. I really like this guy but my feelings are all confused. I've never had an online crush actually become friends with me, much less respond as he did. But now I think that might be over, and I'm left thinking if I did something, or if things could have been better if I'd stayed on the call. (WHY didn't I do that). People aren't talking in the chat with all the people from the first zoom call, and I'm getting a little anxious. I hate that I form attachments this easily, and now I'm left being confused. 

I guess, in conclusion, I kinda fell for someone who doesn't even live near me, but who connected and flirted with me for a night. I know that's very inconsequential, but it was personal and not a quick thing. I hope. I don't want to be annoying or a bother and try to talk to him again, because that may be the case. I tried to make this short, but I clearly suck at that. Anyone got any online crush advice?