How to help depressed/suicidal friends, family, or anyone.  

Now, I am not the best at conversing with other human beings, and all of what I will say is from what I have seen and experienced. I have been seeing too many posts about people at the edge of killing themselves, too many stories of people with shitty experiences and lives. I will start with how to help someone, then my message to everyone who sees this that is going through it themselves.

To help others, start with relating to their experience to your own or someone you knows. Try to make them know that they are not alone. Don't outright say, "don't kill yourself", "it will get better". Try to explain yourself. I know from my experience, it doesn't help if you don't. Make them feel comfortable with you, and at the end of your comment or what you are saying mention calling a suicide hotline, such as 1-800-273-8255 in the US, not sure about other countries, you can look it up online, and telling them to go to subs such as [r/SuicideWatch](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/) to find help. Recommend finding a therapist. There is no shame in having one. They want to help you. They understand how to help you. If the first one you find doesn't fit who you are, find another.

Also, talk to them. Doesn't even have to be related to the post. Tell them stories, make jokes, talk about school and real life. Talk about games, memes, whatever you find interesting. People enjoy talking. Ask them questions, make them feel welcomed by you. You can make a difference, you just have to try.

And now, my message to anyone out there who is depressed/suicidal. I may not know you. I may not even know your username. But I want to help. No one needs to kill themselves, no one should have to cry every day. Understand that there are people out there who care about you, even if you don't know it. If you find no joy in life, go out and find something you will love. Try new things. Experience life. Meet new people. Find what you can find, ride the fun times. Anything that helps you that does not physically harm you is a go. Poke yourself to be able to focus on something else (don't puncture/cut your skin though. thats dangerous.) I get what people are going through. I was at the edge just a few weeks ago, and now I am as happy as I ever was. Joking with friends, laughing, having a good life. It will get better if you try. if you don't try, life will never get better. For a few weeks, I felt nothing would ever get better. I rejected what others said to help me. It is a shitty feeling, no one should have to go through it. Find who you are, and don't let go. Find your happiness, and don't let go. Find your true friends, and don't let go.

I hope I helped someone with this, just to improve someones life a small amount, directly or indirectly, I would find more of a purpose. It will get better if you try. You can do this.

Good luck, get sleep, eat and drink, stay safe, and find your happiness.

&lt;3, [u/pumori66](https://www.reddit.com/u/pumori66/)

This is a repost, may be again. I am OP of this, dw. Check post history if you don’t believe me, want people to see this.