Stupid relationship rant. Okay so hi, its me again, with another rant.

So basically ive been tricking myself! I thought i liked  A (thats what were gonna call my fake crush) but really i still love my ex (they shall be called J) i really liked J, they made me feel like nobody else could (very cheesy and cringey, i know) but seriously i loved them like they were the whole entire world, the uh day of break up i was super stressed and i yelled at J, we apologized to each other but nothing is the same. Basically long story short for our relationship was i was in a dumb relationship with some guy, i started talking to J more and more throughout me and blah blahs relationship, i had no idea J was so kind and sweet, at school J *tried* to act tough but he was always joking around. Blah blah ended up kissing my cheek at a dance, i told him and that was my biggest mistake, i definitely hurt J and then they stopped texting me every day, those cute goodnight and goodmorning texts, asking how my day was and just making me feel wanted. I was devastated when J stopped, i never wanted to get out of bed, when i did i was miserable (i know sounds super stupid, but i had a bad childhood and was at the point of breaking) after that i decided to break up with blah blah and tell J how i felt so i could get him back and feel wanted. A few days. Later (yes, days) he broke up with me, i know it was my fault, probably for waiting so long to break up with blah blah, i yelled at J and literally an hour after i wanted to curl up and cry i felt horrible, but i didn't wanna text him again so i just fell asleep. The next day he told me we would never talk again. the next, next day at school i pretended to hate him, but it was so difficult. J kept making me smile, a few weeks later i was feeling a little better, me, J, and a few other friends went roller  skating together, i was still trying to hate him but he caught me smiling and i just- saw him and i felt so happy. Back to the present and i thought i liked A but really i just miss J, they are amazing, but obviously im not gonna shoot my shot because J has a gf again. i would never break up a relationship, thats just a rude thing to do. But we went roller skating again about 3 months ago, J was texting his gf but had this weird bored face the whole time. it was unsettling honestly, but here we are now and i just realized an hour ago im a stupid simp who cant get over her ex from last god damn year.

Thanks for reading if you did and im sorry i most likely wasted your time. I hope you have a good day, and make sure to drink water and sleep alot.