I need to get this off my chest 
This has always been a thing between me and my parents, it’s like every time I try to reason with my parents, they always have this stupid mentality thinking I’m giving an attitude or giving another excuse when in reality, I just wanna speak my little voice and give my view or opinion on what’s going on. Like today we are just talking about getting me a new tablet that I could use for games and of course I’m picky as hell when it comes to choosing a tablet and I will admit right now, I’m wasn’t the best when it comes to handling devices, but I’ve been trying to reason with them I have been taking more care to my devices that what younger me has done in the past. They gave me an iPhone 6 when it first came out and that was the day I started actually caring for my stuff and I’ve had it ever since and it still looks good as new but back on topic, I reasoned to them that I handle stuff extremely carefully now and they won’t accept it, they always talk about the time when I brought my personal laptop to school one day, then all of a sudden the “cool kid” stepped on the damn thing and his gang started laughing like turkeys. They think that I broke it when it was ACTUALLY THAT [BLEEP] MISTAKE OF A KID WHO DID IT. All I wanted was just a Samsung galaxy tablet S6 and of course I can understand it is expensive for like 600 something bucks but I showed them the change I have gone through when it comes to device care, and I even showed them how my phone held up through the years and guess what, they still go back to that time where that kid stepped on my laptop while thinking I did it even though I didn’t. I don’t care if reddit thinks this is some fucking fake [bleep] story, I don’t care if I get downvoted, I don’t care. I don’t care what all of reddit thinks about me but I won’t ever physically speak out of my mouth again if every time I do it, my parents think it’s an excuse. I’m gonna give my family the silent treatment if I’m not allowed to voice my opinion.  [bleep] mom and dad. You can call me an [bleep] if you want i don’t care.

TLDR: my parents think an excuse comes out of my mouth every time I give my opinion on stuff, especially when it comes to buying new tech.