A rant about hinduism. I find all the hinduphobia really disheartening and I'm starting to loose faith because of it. I also really hate the tricks the exhindu subreddit pulls out to defame hinduism even though most of its explainable. An example is the story of the fortunate one in Shrimad Bhagvatam where Shiva supposedly kidnaps a womanl (though the excerpt they showed didn't mention kidnapping) And how he chased after her while ejacualting and the discharge fell on the earth and that's how valuable metals like gold and platinum were formed . While this might seem like a horrendous act at first, its actually a Leela taken by Shiva to impart a lesson. The main teaching of the story is that anyone, even the Adhiyogi Shiva can be disillusioned by Maya and it is important to recognise when we are deluded by it. It even says at the end of the story " Shiva, realising he was chasing after an illusion, stopped and repented" or something along those lines. I have lots of other examples. Like a story of how Vishnu raped his devotee Vrinda, giving no other context other than this line. The actual story is that the demon Jalandhar who is married to Vrinda had a boon which would make him immortal until his wife lost her chaste. Thus Jalandhar attacked the home of the devas and lord Shiva was unable to kill him. Vishnu, knowing that he had no other choice, disguised himself as Jalandhar, returned to Vrinda home and took her chaste. Jalandhar was thus mortal and Shiva could kill him. Now, this doesn't even mean it was rape, as it could have been a kiss, a hug or a simple platonic touch of feet. Vrinda, upon learning the truth, caused Vishnu that he would not be worshipped in the form of an idol. Vishnu, knowing that he had sinned, accepted the curse graciously. And when Vrinda killed herself, He granted the gift of eternal life by turning her into a tulsi plant, which is why the tulsi is so revered. In both cases, the deeper meaning of the story and context were not even presented, showing clear bias and propaganda.

Anyways, my rant is over.