Guys and gals of r/teenagers I need some advice So my friend thinks that our student manager likes me. Some background on this though im a wrestler so every year we ask for volunteer student managers to keep stats, clean mats, and take film of the wrestling matches. Usually these student managers end up being sisters or girlfriends of members of the team. So just two days ago we were at an all day tournament with about 17 teams from the area so for those not wrestling or are in between matches there is a lot of down time. So onto the actual reason I made this post. So one of our student managers is the sister of one of the wrestlers. I basically spent the whole day talking to her when I wasn't losing my matches. She is super nice, very sociable, and is just a wonderful person all around at least from what I gathered from our conversation. We share similar interests like reading and we evan shared our birthdates which to me I think is a big deal but what ever. Now im not very social at all, in fact I wouldn't have considered her being interested in me at all if she hadn't started the conversation which went on and off for about the span of 5 to 6 hours. She is way out of my league and im so oblivious to things like this that I can't tell the diffrence between being nice and showing genuine interest. She could tell me she likes me and I still wouldn't be sure. So in the down time between our conversations I was talking to my friend and when she walked away he asked me if I was trying to make her my gf. I responded by saying I wasn't and that I thought I was just being nice. He then responded by saying that he thinks she likes me but I can't figure out how he could tell. 

So now I have two questions
1. Does she like me or is just being nice
2. How do I continue our conversations when the season ends

The reason fo question two is because we go to different schools. The school me and my friend go to doesnt have a wrestling program so we go to a different school instead. This girl goes to this school and im afraid if I don't make a move before the end of the season in a month I will miss my shot and never see her again. I doubt she will come back to be a student manager next year and I don't know what to do. I have had a small crush on her since the start of the season but this was the first time we had a meaningful conversation. What should I do?