i made a post a while ago saying that if i got 151 comments on it, i'd make another post where i told you guys a story about my biggest regret/failure/embarrassment. the first post got over 151 comments, and now i am making this post because of it. also, this post is kinda long first, i have to thank u/bananensoep_F, who gave almost all of the 151 comments. another thing i have to mention is that i'll be using made-up names for everyone instead of their real names (except me). now for the story.

back in 5th grade, there was a 4th grade girl, (let's call her Rosa) who had just entered my class, which was for grade 4, 5, and 6 students. she was cute, and because of that, i immediately had a crush on her. i spent most of grade 5 just trying to get up the nerve to talk to her, which was very unsuccessful most of the time.

in grade 6, i finally started hanging out with Rosa and i was getting to know about her. at this point, i truly believed i was in love with her (and i actually might have). i didn't want to ruin my friendship with her by telling her how i felt, so i started telling one of my classmates all about it. the guy was also my upstairs neighbor in my apartment building (let's call this guy Ethan).

during grade 6, i had told Ethan lots about how i thought that Rosa was the one who i was meant to be with (which was pretty ridiculous), and a whole bunch of other nonsense like that. i'll get back to the subject of Ethan later on.

by the end of grade 6, i still hadn't told Rosa my feelings. BUT, i was in a summer camp that year, and Rosa was also in it, too. i had planned to give her an unfinished sudoku puzzle as a gift (she started a few months previously, and hadn't finished it), but the paper with the puzzle was ruined on the day i was gonna give it to her. i didn't get the chance to talk to her about it, because it was the last day of the summer camp, so i was pretty screwed.

skip ahead a few months, and now i'm in a new school, in grade 7. i had pretty much no way to contact Falda, so i thought i was not gonna be able to tell her that i liked her (yes, i still had a crush on this same girl). i eventually realized that i could ask Ethan to deliver a letter to Rosa, since he was still in class with her.

so, i wrote a note on a piece of paper that said: "Dear Rosa, i have been in love with you since grade 5. signed, Exzavier" (exzavier is my name). i then gave it to Ethan, and asked him to deliver the note to Rosa, and he was unsure about it. i told him that as soon as he could, he should give Rosa the letter, and i checked up everyday after school to see if he had given it to her. one day, however, i realized that i shouldn't let Rosa see the letter, because she could show other people what it said.

after school that day, i asked Ethan to give me the letter back, and he said that he had just given it to her less than an hour beforehand.

it was at that moment i knew, i f\*\*ked up.

a week later, i got a letter from Rosa saying that she told everyone who she knew about that letter. she also said that i had "the maturity of a spoon". nowadays, i just avoid talking with her, since anytime i see her at school (she goes to my high school), i have a little panic attack.

anyways, thanks for reading.