Story of my first relationship (need some help/advice) TLDR at bottom

So my Dad one day decided to go to rotary (I heard that was international so maybe you know it) and he met some people there who are really nice. After a few months I met some of them and their families and we all went on some trips together. One of his best friends there are a couple with two kids and as it goes I get to know their daughter.

So one holiday these kids have to stay with us and and the girl and I connect pretty good. We get in a relationship and tbh I wasn't really commited and was kind of a dick in the beginning. That all got better and I really liked her.

But then came the summer holidays (I am away 4 out of 6 weeks so not optimal) and I drive away for two weeks. We text almost every day and even try to call her but doesn't work bc of weak signal. But everything seems great. I come back and we meet she seems to be great I am great all good. We go to cinema with our families and I want to make out but she always pulls back and says it's bc our families are there. Anyway we meet a few more times and it all seems alright. Then after one week she goes away for holidays. She doesn't really text much and doesn't answer as fast as usually but no problem she probably just enjoys her holidays. Then I drive away too. I text and she doesn't answer for 2 days or so. Then she texts me we need to talk. I ask about what. She wants to talk in person. I got 1.5 weeks of holiday trip with my family left she tells me she can't even name the wtf she wants to talk about.

When I come back we meet and she breaks up with me for a kind of bs reason as i think but ok its over I get it. (That happened almost a year ago)

My life kinda spiraled out of control a bit after that. (Definitely not her fault. And even if just partly). I was really just angry. After about 3 months or so I wasn't really thinking about her that muchso I was ok again. I think I saw her about 4 times since the break up.

So today we did a trip with rotary again and I met her. We get along alright she's nice to me I'm nice to her. Well snd she's pretty hot. Like seriously hot. And I basically really don't want to have a crush on my ex.

So any tips are really appreciatted.

TLDR: gf broke up with me a year ago and is now even hotter and i really don't want to have a crush on my ex or anything like that