I’ve been feeling lonely lately I’ve been feeling lonely lately. This isn’t really the best sub to talk about it, but I just feel like I have to say something about it and keep my thoughts somewhere.

I’ve been finding myself looking for people to do things with more often. Usually, this means I’m trying to find people to play video games with me. And usually, my efforts are fruitless.

It’s hard for me to make friends, and trying to maintain online friendships is just difficult for me. So, more often than not, I spend my free time at home in front of my computer watching YouTube videos or browsing reddit.

I also have a group of good friends IRL which I keep in touch often every day with on discord (because you know, something happening right now makes it hard for people to meet outside). The problem is, I’ve just started school this year and I’m quickly realizing how we just won’t have time for each other anymore. Homework and studying is going to be super important, especially since we’re a year away from having to be accepted into university. 90% of the time nowadays, I’m not hanging out with my friends on Discord anymore. 

I’m a rather introverted person, so this social distancing stuff has been doing okay for me. Or at least, so I thought. Now I kinda realize how empty I feel spending time alone. It’s not crippling or anything, just something that I notice a bit after sitting for hours in front of my PC. 

I wish I could see my friends again, or make new ones, and share fun times together. 

I also find myself wanting a significant other. Doesn’t seem like I’ll be finding anyone soon... 

I’m kind of jealous of the two couples in my friend group. They’re all very nice people which I respect, but every now and then I just go, “What about me?”

I hate this situation I’m in. I was supposed to make new friends this year. I’m in a new program with tons of new faces, but none which I will ever get to know. I want to talk to people I know, have fun together. I want someone to love me that I can love back, and maybe get some of that human contact I crave every night I sleep in my lonely bed. 

If you want to maybe be friends with me, go ahead. But it’s probably not gonna work out. I’ve been there and done that. But I’m not gonna lie, I would be god damn glad if it did.

I think I’ll join extracurricular activities, clubs at my school. If you people have any other advice for me, or at least some kind words, I would be very thankful. 

To all you who are feeling a little bit down, don’t ever give up in the fight. Tomorrow, I’ll feel better than I am right now, and I’m sure you will too. Get some help if you need to. Never be afraid to reach out to people. Love you, bye.