I need y’all’s advice on this apology Hey r/teenagers! So I need your advice on this apology I have already sent to a girl I hurt in the past. Would you guys mind to take a look at it, any thoughts would be appreciated! :)

Apology:

Listen, I don’t really know if I got my point across in March when I apologized last. But I have done some really hard thinking over the past several months, and believe me, summer was one of the hardest portions of this, where I was constantly thinking about the past and what I did wrong, except for the times when I had my friends by my side, and then, just like that, nothing mattered for a few days, only until I got back home and thought of everything once more. I was venting to Ashton tonight and I actually scared him into thinking I was gonna off myself... which was entirely not my intention, I swear, I wouldn’t do that to him, not after all he and I have gone through. But it all stemmed back to one problem I haven’t been able to get past for multiple years now, and frankly it’s starting to affect me too much, I don’t know if you feel the same, but quarantine has changed everything, I’m now politically motivated and somewhat fit, which is kinda ironic ngl. Considering the state of affairs when we last spoke, where I was just starting to delve into theology and starting to better myself... I just thought that maybe, just maybe, we should repair what seventh grade, in my pride and spiteful attitude at the time, did to me and you respectively. I was trying to hurt you out of spite , anger and a lack of pride in myself that I have since regained. I guess my point in telling you about my life and the specifics of what has happened between me and Ashton over the past few hours, is that I feel like I screwed everyone’s, including yours and my, lives up in the process of whatever happened in seventh grade. I wish for you to be a part of our group again, as I have made my peace with Ryan, which admittedly, was a big step... considering my pure hatred for him in the past, which was unsubstantiated. Most of all, I wish for us to at least be on speaking terms once more, as I miss what we had, in our friendship I mean. I cried for the first time in a long time tonight. It was a long night, recalling all of the terrible things my selfish and arrogant ass did in the past, it truly brings my name to shame, and the names of my siblings and all those who came before me... I have the majority of my honour because of my actions all those years ago... I once again, am truly sorry for the truly horrid things I put you through in seventh grade... I hope that you’ll forgive me and maybe we could be friends or at least on speaking terms? I’m sorry this was super lengthy, I just had to get everything off of my chest, y’know. I’ve been carrying this burden for years and have decided that it’s time to release it all. You’re a really good person at heart and it seems like not all that much has changed since we last spoke on friendly terms, you are still a very good artist. Again, I am sorry for all of the things I did to you, my arrogance and pride got the better of me. I hope that maybe we can be on speaking terms, if not friends, the group kinda misses you... I know I miss your friendship. And with that, I formally apologize for what I did to you those several years ago.