My dad is a scumbag, a liar, and a cheater. So let's start from the beginning. 
Three years ago my dad picked up a job like 40 minutes from our house. It was just a construction job for a lesbian couple. He went over there "working" alot. Everything was going good and about a year later while he was working over there my mom told me and my brother we are going over there to bring my dad pizza for lunch. We got there and the people were really nice and my mom ended up forming a really good friendship with them. They also had a pool over there so we would frequently go to their house and swim during summer. 
My mom started noticing my dad was acting really weird with the one girl in the relationship, but she didn't really want to ask my dad about it because it wasn't that much of a big deal. 

Everything is going good. We are having the couple over for dinner at least once a week. Time jump to summer 2019. We were all over at their house and my dad and the one girl he had been acting strange. They say they are going to go to the store to get stuff for dinner. Everyone says ok and we don't really think about it. But they didn't leave, my brother had went out to the car to get something and accidentally found her giving my dad a blowjob. 
My brother told my mom and my mom confronted my dad about it after we had gotten home. He lied and said my brother was lying. My mom didn't want to argue so she just gave up with asking him questions because he always deflects them. Jump to november 2019, my mom asks me if I might want to be an actor/modeler. I said yes and she sends in a picture of me to the place and they basically accepted it. I was doing weekly acting classes and my mom was paying $100 every class. (Keep in mind the action agency said that they would fly me and my mom out to Los Angeles for a big acting convention where I could get signed for different things) I did the acting classes every week until january 5th, which is when they flew us out to LA. we did the acting convention and I got signed. I was also doing more online acting classes because Corona had just started. A month  later, my dad tells my mom he wants a divorce. They both call me and my brother out to the living room and my mom is crying and as soon as I saw him standing there I knew what he was going to say, he wants a divorce with my mom. I ask him why and he just stands there silent with that dumb face you have when you just dont know what else to say. We are all sure that as soon as the divorce is settled he is going to hook back up with the one girl. Few months later my dad says he doesn't have enough money to keep paying child support. My mom asks how because he drained the main bank account when he asked for a divorce. As always, he deflected the question and put it all on my mom. 
Since me and my brother have to go over there every week I decided to take advantage of it. My dad had been out getting groceries with my brother. He left me at his apartment so I scoured his room to see if I could find any hint of him lying about having no money. I found a huge stack of 100s and 20s with well over a thousand dollars in it. I also found another stack of cash totaling up to $400. I took pictures of all the money he had and and sent them to my mom asking if this is enough proof for the lawyer. Now about a month ago my dad said he could keep helping my mom pay the Bill's for the house. He was making us sell our house. I was so mad but I knew I couldn't do crap against it. The only reason he is making my mom sell our house is because he will get half of the money from it. My mom is currently trying to find a house for us.

Sorry for the really long post I just had to get it off of my chest.