Just a little thing I'm writing... Let me know you guys' opinion.     I was a lonely boy. Football games were my favorite spot to be. I loved watching the game and the boys. Most importantly, I loved hanging out with a gang of greasers. I had always felt he was at home with them in their black leather jackets. 

    “Cody! Come on, kickoff is about to start!” Shouted my friend Ryder. 

    “Fine. See ya’ guys.” I waved to the group of greasers. As we got our concessions we sat down with our other friends Lauren and Callie. 

    “I’ll never understand why you hang with greasers.” Lauren proclaimed to me.

    “At least they’re not those egotistical jocks” Callie remarked as she pointed to the field. I rolled my eyes. Jocks may be attractive, but they are assholes in the long run. The kind of asshoes that cheat on you. Besides, I had my eye on Edward Briar. Now that was a cute guy.

    “Yeah jocks, especially Marcus, are very egotistical.” I said. After that, my thoughts consumed me. I was still aware of what was going between my friends but I wasn’t paying attention. It was halfway through the 2nd quarter when I realized Edward, Eddie for short, was sitting right by me. I looked over at my friends who were urging me to shoot my shot while they ‘went to get concessions.’ I scooted closer to Eddie. 

    “Hi.” I stammered.

    “Hi, how’re you doin’” He responded back. After that I calmed down and had a decent conversation with Eddie, all the while slowly scooting closer to Edward. We were just inches away from each other when we both leaned in for a kiss. That rarely ever happens to people. Usually it’s just one person ‘making the move’ and the other just agreeing, but with this we both had intentions on ‘making the move.’ 

      We kissed for a good minute or so then, we looked at each other. From then on we knew we were together. My friends got back and saw Eddie and I holding hands. They reacted in awe.

“Are you guys really dating?!”

“How long do you think you’ll last?”

      “You guys are SUCH a good-lookin’ couple!” They went BERSERK  when they found out we both had planned on making the move. Edward and I held hands until the game was over. Our team won 51-47, it was a close game. All of us walked down the bleachers to meet our parents at the entrance gate. We exchanged numbers and acted like just friends in front of our parents so as to not get a beating from our fathers. 

      That night when I went home I took a shower, got in bed, and started texting Eddie. We talked until it was 1:00 in the morning. Then he had to go to bed, and I laid there in shock ‘I got what I wanted. I got my crush and he actually likes me.’ I thought back to when I was to scared to tell anyone my feeling towards anyone. I let my feeling bottle up and fester until my friends came in and helped me cope.I let my thoughts consume me once more and I fell asleep and had dreams about all that happened that night.