My parents won't acknowledge my struggles with depression I originally posted this on r/entitledparents, but I was recommended to post it here too. I am 13, going on 14 this year, so I'm technically a teen.

*I* have been struggling with depression from a young age. I have lost all my friends, and am constantly bullied by people telling me I am gay, of which I am straight. My closest friends have turned on me, some I have gotten in a fist-fight with, and others treated me horribly. I have been trying my best to keep myself happy, and I recently have gone into a state of depression. I've been struggling with it since the 7th grade, because I have had horrible experiences with how others have treated me, and I sort of stopped being happy all the time, I lost all of my friends, and became very lonely. Now I have 2 or 3 friends, and I am struggling even more, now that online school is giving me a heck of a time, due to all of the work assigned. I have told my parents about 4 times that I am depressed, and my mom would look at me in horror and scream that I "NEED HELP" like I was possessed or something. My parents seem to believe that depression is a phase or sickness and that it goes away after a few days. My only friend doesn't believe me either, and he calls me an "emo" or a "goth" because of my clothing and my hairstyle. I have been recommended to seek a therapist, but I've already gone through 4 in the 6th and 7th grade. I never felt comfortable because my mother would use therapy as a way to pry into my private life, without asking me herself. My parents also have that mindset that, "If you buy something, We can take it away because somehow we bought it, even though you raised the money from your neighbors". I feel confined to only do my parent's bidding like they have my future completely planned out for me, and I have no say in what my future is like. My hatred for them has gotten so bad to the point of me intentionally wanting to fail, academically, socially, and in life. I don't want to succeed because it would be doing the very thing they are trying to force me to do. My mom looks at me like a deranged psychopath, like I'm crazy and need to go to a goddamn mental ward. I have gained a bit of "corona-weight" and I have been under a lot of stress from my family accusing me of eating everything in our house, and my mom and dad legit calling me FAT. I can say that I am a little chubby, but I have been doing a lot of boxing, and skating with my friend, and when my mom hears that, she says IM SO PROUD OF YOU. I ask why and she says THATS REALLY HEALTHY, IM SO GLAD YOU'RE FINALLY WORKING OUT.

 I haven't been that stable, mentally, and I am kinda writing this to seek some pointers, on how to deal with all this. I also recently lost my phone while hanging with my friend, so I have no way to contact anyone, and my parents are threatening to take away my only source of communication with my other friends, my pc.