So I decided to get a hair cut Ok after the title, you're thinking,"Oh this teenage boy (whom recently turned 14) just got a haircut." Well yes that's basically it. But my old hair dresser had had straight hair and I have curly hair. So she cant really cut my hair anymore so we went to see a new hair dresser. The place had two Russian hair dressers, they seemed nice on the outside and they talked good english. But then they began to speak to each other in Russian. They did not know, even though I was American I fluently spoke Russian. Here's how the conversation went:

"Ugh this boys hair is so curly and hard to work with"-hair dresser 1

"Ehh American boys who have curly hair usually smell. Hell, I can smell him from here! And look at how long it is! Can he not cut his own hair to at least make it look normal?"-Hair dresser 2

Why the fuck do you think Im here? To gossip about the 2020 elections?

"He does smell pretty bad."-hair dresser 1

At this point, I was sick of their shit so I decided to start speaking their own language.

"послушайте, я могу быть "глупым вонючим" американцем, но вы не имеете права оскорблять меня. Я здесь только для того, чтобы постричься, а не для того, чтобы двое русских оскорбляли меня, думая, что я не знаю их языка, чтобы они могли меня оскорбить. И я скажу бабушке, чтобы она просто отвела меня к моей старой парикмахерской Дайне. По крайней мере, она не говорит со мной дерьмо"-Yours truely

And if you dont speak Russian, here's your translate.

"listen here, I may be a "stupid smelly" American but you have no right to insult me. I'm just here for a haircut, not to be insulted by two Russians thinking I don't know their language so they can insult me. And I'm going to tell my grandmother to just take me back to my old hair dresser Daina. At least she doesnt talk shit to me."

And I shit you not, they both looked to each other in horror and apologised! I could feel power running through my fucking viens! Therr's no telling how many other people have had this happen to them but my GOD this time is the last! Note for Daina: You get your job back Daina, you still have your 10 year customer with you! Also congrats on the divorce. Bill was absolute socialist so I hope who ever you get next isn't a cheating bastard socialist like him. Also you rule!