Apparently I’m a pick me :) (This is gonna be really long but if you love drama I suggest you read through it) 
So I’ve been hanging out and playing video games since with this group of guys since middle school, we’re all cool and they’ve always seen me as one of the bros. 

So recently one of the guys got a girlfriend, I’m not very fond of her my self I’ve never liked he vibe when I first met her at school, I brushed it off as over protective sister. Since I see this guy as my older brother even if we’re only a few months apart from age. Well whoa my gut feeling was right. 

The other day we were in a ps4 party and his gf joins on her brothers ps4 at first I didn’t realize it since there’s always people coming in and out I kept talking to my friend then I hear her. For the sake of knowing who’s who D is my friend, B is his girlfriend 

B-“Uh who’s that other girl?” 

D answers with “oh it’s Sen, you don’t recognize the voice?” 

She had the audacity to say “you mean [deadname] I recognize [deadname’s] voice not Sen.” 

Everyone in the party got quiet after that no one has ever dead named me like that on purpose. Yes I’ve had people call me by my legal name while in the hospital or you know placed where I can’t use my current name yet. To break the silence my other friend S started talking about our sleepover where we all get together  for the weekend when his parents go to visit his grandma which is every two weeks, D and B have only started dating the week after the last sleep over so she didn’t learn about this until now

S- “So.. anyways are you guys ready for Friday? I have everything ready.” 
B- “Friday? What are we doing Friday.” 
There was a slight pause 
D- “oh babe I’m sorry but this is a thing between the guys and Sen. You can’t come.” 
B- “what do you mean i cant come?! Why does that pick me always get to hang out with you? It’s not fair!” 

I’ll save your time, they got into a huge fight in the party infront of everyone. I never noticed that D and I hung out more than usual so i thought i was the problem so I just left the party and joined a different one. My friend did record the whole fight however, once I listened over to it I realized I wasn’t the problem but it was B, she constantly bailed on him to hang out with her own snarky group of friends. I should’ve mentioned this happened Monday morning in between our breaks for online school.

 I haven’t attended class since in hopes of avoiding D and B. I felt like I was getting in the middle of their relationship, D has continued to call me and text me. I refuse to answer. I don’t like confrontation never have so I thought it would be best for me to distance my self from him so he can have a relationship with B. Turns out B told D he has to choice between me or her. I heard this from S I just told him that he could choose B i wouldn’t mind she is his gf after all. He ended up breaking up with B and now there’s a bunch of rumors being spread by B and her friends. 

They’re saying that I’m a pick me and that it’s my fault her relationship didn’t work out with D. I’ve talked to D since only in a ps4 party though, I don’t answer his calls or texts because I still feel bad. I can tell there’s a weird tension between the both of us because of the rumors being spread. I honestly don’t know what to do Im probably going to step out from going to the sleep over on Friday. I’ve gotten serval messages from people calling me a whore and pick me so I guess that’s nice. I just wish things could go back to normal. I want my friend back with out having to bring up this situation because it gives me too much anxiety.