It is very late for me so expect some spelling mistakes. (This story references the other 2 I have written, so spoilers i guess :/ .) The trench whistle called out in the night.

The Sergeant shouted at the men lined up by the walls.

They would soon go over the top, they would soon go running over a field of barbed wires, dead bodie and infront of the machineguns.

Jim was filled with andrenaline, this is what he had been waiting for. To finally get to fight and not just rot in a dirty trench for weeks and months.

''Lets go get those Germans!'' Jim shouted. 

The men that stood ready to charge responded with shouting ''Hussah'' the loudest they could.

But this bravery was mostly false save for a few like Jim.

Most were afraid, and who wouldn't be. They all knew that they were likely to be shot before they even get out of the trench.

And some few, were almost relieved. For years now they had been bleeding, starving and freezing on this place called ''The Western Front''. This place that never changed.

And now they were likely to finally be free from this place of suffering, from this place that was like frozen in time.

And even though all these different thoughts went through different peoples mind, it would not matter what they wanted to happen. Because if they reached the German trench, or got slaughtered on their way there was a thing no one could know.

But soon enough the call came, the whistles rang out, the men shouted.

And just like some had feared or hope, they fell in the first seconds. Others rushed straight towards the enemy trench, and among them ran Jim.

He didn't know why he was running, was it because he wanted to save the world? Was it because he wanted to be a hero? Or was he simply doing as everyone else did?

But he couldn't answer that question now, he did not have time to think about that now.

But then another whistling sound spread across the muddy and broken fields, a sound he knew well.

The sound of the artillery. And the look on everyones face was the same, it was a look of horror.

Even though some got used to hit, that was only in the relative safety of a trench. But out on a field, with machineguns, rifles and artillery all aiming directly at you it was different.

Some tried running, but even they fell. 

The feeling of pride had now left Jim

''What the fuck am I doing here'' He thought. ''I need to get away, now!''. But the amount of men behind him made it impossible to run back. All he could do was continue.

But the thing the frightened Jim the most wasn't the guns and firing. It was that he wasn't prepared for this, he always thought he would be brave when he had to go over the top. But he wasn't now, nobody was, and nobody would ever be.

Everyone tried to hide it, nobody wanted to be seen as weak. And this mentality of not showing weakness is what got them forward.

And when a bullet struck Jim it didn't matter how brave he had been in the trenches.

Because of his love for life and bravery, he couldn't accept the fact he had been shot.

He tried to get back up. But he couldn't.

''Please help me'' he cried. ''Please for the love of god don't leave me here''

But nobody heard him. 

He continued the cry for help, but the words never left his tongue.

He continued to to try and fight against death, but he couldn't.

''Is this how everyone feels when they die?'' Thought Jim, now having given up on trying to get help.

The answer to that is ''No'' everyone dealt with their last time differently.

Some people, like Mikhail died accepting that there was no point in trying to fight against it.

Others, like Sam. Died without ever getting the chance to think about it.

And some died like Jim. Trying to fight it.

But in the end, everyone dies.

Some dies at home in their beds, and others on a muddy field in France.

But everyone, no matter were they are from or what they believe in.

No matter what they have done, or what they have been through.

Finds eternal sleep, and with that eternal peace.