December 2020 - Now have been the worst times of my live I have never been so distanced from any of my friends in my almost 15 years of living. So in late december of 2020 I went into hospital for an infected spider bite in the what I think is the most dignity destroying area for a teenage male. I was in hospital for like a week just on antibiotics via iv drip. Then I got out thinking it would heal fast. Then about a day after I was feeling crazy pain where the infection is. then I had surgery and was in hospital for another week. I cried hours everyday. Since I went into hospital the first time The nurses and docters had to look at that area like 4 times a day which was destroying my self confidence and just mental health in general. Then I got out just in time for christmas. Nurses came to my house every single day to look at the area and do the dressing for the surgery wounds for like 7 weeks straight. Then I started going to school. I started feeling even worse (mentally) when I started because I had none of my friends in my class. In fact I had someone who nearly tore my friend group apart in my class. Then after a few weeks of school and missing a few days I started feeling more pain again and I went to the docter. They said it got reinfected back on antibiotics and out of school for a while. Back down to less pain. then after another few weeks more pain yet again. back to the docter, more antibiotics but they said if it still hurts after 24 hours after my first dose then back to hospital. Reinfected, Needed another surgery. 3 days of waiting to get into surgery. then another 7 days of doing nothing but sitting in my hospital bed taking antibiotics through the iv drip. I to have another surgery to get a picc in (Basically an iv line but goes through veins in the arm and goes to the veins at the heart like it stopped right at the beginning of the heart)  Then I got out again. Few weeks at home with the picc. Nurses still coming every single day looking at the would and dressing it. Last wednesday was my first day back at school. Kids staring at the picc and the bag with the antibiotics bottle. Next day some kid starts yelling "WHAT THE HELL IS THAT!?" Pointing at the picc and the bag. Next day I went to hospital for a check up. The picc got removed. and that leads to today. 2021 and december of 2020 has been the most painful (mentally and physically) thing I have ever experienced