Posting Gnarly Space Facts Until I Run Out of Knowledge: Day 86 Hey everyone, hope you've had a great day so far! And if you haven't, perhaps a space fact can make it a little better! As always, if you have any questions and/or topics about space for me, you can leave them in the comments. I'll see you all tomorrow!

Fact: Saturn's north pole is a hexagon! First observed by the Voyager missions in the 1980s, it seems that on the very top of everyone's favorite ringed planet, there lies a massive hexagonal cloud pattern about 29,000 kilometers (18,000 miles) in diameter, which is over twice the diameter of Earth! It isn't entirely known what caused this strange storm to appear, but there are a few theories.

&amp;#x200B;

First of all, it should be mentioned that the hexagon has a vortex in the center of it, meaning it is almost certainly caused by some sort of storm. Second, the south pole doesn't have a hexagon, so this is likely something exclusive to Saturn's northern latitudes. The current prevailing explanation for the hexagon's origin is that it is simply a giant current of wind, similar to a jet stream here on Earth. Kind of anticlimactic, I know, but it is interesting to note that this current has been continuously churning for over *3 decades!* The reason we know this is because the NASA-ESA Cassini probe revisited the hexagon during the early parts of its mission in 2006 to find that it hadn't moved, and continued to study it until 2009. Another interesting thing Cassini found shortly after that is that the hexagon changes colors! In the original Voyager observations, the hexagon appeared blue, but in 2012, it began to turn into more of a brown-ish color. The top theory for this is that sunlight caused a haze to form in the pole, due to seasonal changes on Saturn. So yes, even gas giants have seasons! Cassini continued to study Saturn for as long as it could, until it ended its mission in 2017 by plunging itself into the planet's atmosphere. Rest In Peace, Cassini, you were one of my favorite probes. o7