The time i beat the school bully in wii tennis Im on a long car ride so i thought id share this here.

Backround: im pretty good at wii tennis, i mean, im better at that game then any other game ive ever played. I can beat everyone i play in wii tennis. And yes this is a flex, but it is necessary.

Backround pt2: last year before summer on our tech class, the room was under construction, and we coulnt really do anything so the teacher set up 2 wiis on the two huge projectors.

Backroundpt3: so there is this dude who isnt exactly a bully, but he is your stereotypical douche-y type. Most people dont like this kid because he is just kind of an ass. Our school doesn't really have bullies, and this is the closest thing to one.

So there we all are, messing around in this big room and playing wii. Me and the friends i had in that class decides to hop on the wii, and i start beating everyone as usual, and on the other wii the douche kid, lets call him frank Sinatra, is on the other wii doing pretty good as well. So he starts talking smack and challenges me to a classic wii tennis duel. 

At the beggining of the game im doing pretty good. I was serving first and i can get the fast serve most times. (I beilive the game has a limit to how many fast serves in a row is possible)
I win the first round. Still talking shit, frank doesnt seem to faded quite yet seems to be getting worried. 

Returning fast serves isnt my strong point, and i lose round 2.

Round 3 comes, the smack talking continues like no other. Half the class is watching now, and all my friends are cheering for me. I know that i cant lose this match. This kid is already an ass, and i would never live this down. I had to win.

The end of round 3 was nearing now, and we are tied up stuck in a deuce. We all watch as the score goes back and forth, up and down. Never in my life have i been more stressed. For those who havent played wii tennis in 8 years, you can get to a point where you must score two points in a row to win, or it will default back to a tie. 

We are stuck in this stage for what feels like hours, both of us start to get worse and worse as we tire out.


Then it happens. Im one point ahead, i serve the ball up, i watch as it hits the top pixel. The world moves slow as i whip the controller, the final pitch needed, i hit the perfect fast ball, frank returns it, but the ball flies into the stands. I had done it! I had beaten the shithead. 

I slept good that night, and the memory comforts mebto this day.


Tldr: i beat someone in a video game that release longer ago then most fortnite kids existed