Need a few kind words. TW: suicide, self harm 

I'm 19F, and I just would like to know if anyone can understand or empathize with me about their lives and relationship w their parent(s).

I've been struggling with depression and anxiety for over a decade due to a variety of factors like social isolation, my parents' divorce, and lack of parental presence in my life since I was a kid. About a year and a half ago, I regularly attended therapy and was on medication. A year ago, I was in the hospital for a drug overdose and have since been on a path of growth and change. Compared to years past, I would consider myself in a much better place where I am okay with being alone (having lived in a dorm with almost no interaction with others in person for the past quarter), have come to love myself an increasing amount, and generally have set a routine where I can actually take care of myself. 

However, every time I am home with my mom and her boyfriend, I regress into a state where I feel like I'm still the same high schooler with the same bad habits like leaving my clothes all over the floor, not taking proper care of myself, and just generally am not in the place I am at when I'm at college. This leads to a lot of frustration from my mom and we have fought over the same things for years. Although I am a better person now, I recognize that that won't change my fundamentally broken relationship with her. I love her, but she just doesn't understand what I'm going through and often uses me either not being busy playing video games and me being too busy because I work in order to attack me for not doing everything she asks for. 

A week ago, I had a panic attack about why I'm still here, and in the past few days, I've relapsed into a depressive state, mostly because I feel like the cons of me when I'm depressed outweigh the pros of me when I'm good, and my presence makes a lot of people miserable, especially my mom. Last night, we fought about the same things: me not doing enough and me not changing in my mom's eyes, and me arguing because I feel insignificant because she doesn't think I'm doing my best and that because I haven't changed and haven't done anything for myself. I communicated to her that I know I'm doing my best, and I know that's not enough but it's hard to break all the bad habits I have at home that I fall into whenever I come back, and she thinks everything I say is either an excuse or to guilt trip her when I'm just being honest. 

If I don't change to my mom's standards, she gave me an ultimatum: do and be what she wants no matter what or she's going to kick me to my dad's house. When I suggested family therapy as a serious suggestion to fix the problems we have, because there's underlying issues to why we fight about the same thing, she scoffed at me and told me I shouldn't drag her down to my circle. Obviously, your mother being so miserable because of you would make you feel like a lot of things, and it just worsened how I've been feeling the past few days. 

Thankfully, I was able to talk to a friend and avoided doing anything serious, but I really feel sometimes that I should disappear or just go back to school where I interact with no one since I can only really impact myself and not others, especially my mom. I'm trying my best, but I also know it's not good enough. Like the person I am when I am depressed is just awful to be around and I don't think any amount of joy and happiness I contribute when I'm not like that is worth putting up with me causing so much resentment and bitterness in my family. 

So, if you've made it this far, thank you for reading, and I would appreciate any comments from anyone who can relate and can understand because I know I'm not alone in this, but it really feels like I am.