I don’t even know I’ve tried keeping my thoughts in because I don’t want to burden people but I’ve got an essay due tomorrow that I’ve barely started and I can barely focus so I just need to get my thoughts out.

I wanna die, but I don’t want to kill myself. I just wish I had some bad accident and suddenly died. I don’t have the guts to jump off or cut deeper which is why I wish I would just accidentally get hit by a truck or something. Living is such a pain. I just hate being alive, and a majority of the things that come attached to it. Waking up, going to school, playing games, watching yt, it’s all stuff I used to enjoy and look forward to but nowadays I dread the thought of it. I just want to sleep forever. Not to mention I’m an asshole to basically all my friends, I can think of a select group of people who might be upset if I were gone but I’d imagine they’d get over it eventually. Not to mention eventually I’ll die eventually and my whole life would’ve been pointless from start to finish. Ultimately I’d just be speeding of the process of life by offing myself, yet I still can’t fucking do it. I’ll go to the pipe, stare down yet I can’t jump. I just don’t have the guts to do it. It’d be so easy and the moment I make the choice I wouldn’t have to worry about anything anymore. I’d be in peace. I just want to die but it’s so difficult. I’m easily replaceable in life and I’m not a very significant person so why is it so goddamn difficult. Especially considering how easy it’d be to off myself and how good the payoff for me would be, I don’t know why I can’t do it. It feels like I’m stuck sometimes. Weird thing about it is I can’t even cry about the thought of who I’d be leaving behind. Granted I would feel bad for causing them trouble. I don’t want to cause anybody trouble, I just want to disappear from this earth without a trace of me left physically and mentally. In a way where nobody remembers me and everything I did it had would just disappear with me. That’d be nice that way nobody would be upset. I don’t even know where I’m going in life. Whenever I try to picture a future for myself my mind goes blank. I can’t foresee having a future. I mean it’s not like I’m doing much with my life, considering a decent chunk of my time is spent asleep in bed. I just don’t fucking know. 

Tl:dr I wanna die but I don’t want to kill myself because that’s scary

I’m sorry this is probably super disjointed but it did help me clear my mind a little bit. Hopefully I’ll get the essay done before tomorrow.. goodbye 

ps sorry for dumping my thoughts