About a dream I had... I don’t have very memorable dreams, even when I do dream. It’s not often, and when I do I most likely don’t remember. Anyways, I had a dream last night that has been repeating in my head over and over again and I want to tell someone so I thought why not tell random strangers on reddit. 

So it began when I was walking through a neighborhood and everything was all trashed and broken, like how you would expect an apocalypse to look like (like a DayZ neighborhood for all you gamers) And I was waking and I saw something move on a roof, so I jogged-walked over to check it out. 

I climbed onto the roof and my foot slipped through an old rotten part of the roof but I caught myself before slipping. When I looked back up I saw a girl about my age in a yellow shirt and pants with a backpack on. At first I didn’t think much of her other then the first thought, “Oh, she is kind of cute” She quickly got off the roof and went through a hole into the roof to get inside. I followed her out of curiosity. 

The dream gets kind of hazy in certain parts, such as what all we did in the house, such as I don’t know if i asked for her name or anything. 
But one of the main parts of the dream is I got really attached to her and thought that she was the prettiest woman I’ve ever seen. 

(Sorry, it gets kind of weird
now) I remember walking into a dimly lit room with her, and it was a bedroom, but it had a twin bed, with the curtains pulled closed but not all the way, where enough light comes into the room to see everything. I looked at a drawer and on top there was a bow tie, i put it on and told her “like my bow tie?” and then it gets hazy, but I remember next the I got really close to her and caressing her cheek and said do you want to? And she said no. I said ok, but the bow tie back, and we left. 

After that I pretty much don’t remember anything else in the dream and I’ve been trying to remember her face. But as soon as I woke up, I couldn’t remember what she looked like. Just a faint, worn out image where I can’t make out the features of the face is left in my head. I know dreams have a deeper meaning to them like poetry, but I just don’t have an idea on this.