I JUST WANNA BE APPRECIATED🥺 a month ago i asked a nice girl in our hich school to get to know me (not dating but as friends). she told me politely no, because our values were different. i had waited a long time to ask her to meet me after school because i thought she was nice and everything. i knew we had some different opinions but that’s not really a problem because my best friends have the exact opposite opinions than i do. i was really disappointed when she told me she didnt want to get to know me.

so this happened today:

my 20yr half brother was drinking in a bigger city and needed money because he had no place to go (but had money for drinking with friends). he and his mom and sister messaged and called me several times and asked me to borrow some money. i told i could pay his bus ticket if he wanted to go home and he refused. i told them i wont pay a hotel room because i want him to get better and take responsibility. they all got mad and my brother said he wont be helping me in the future and then hang up. he doesnt respect me at all and only calls when needs money. i dont have good relationship with my parents either. they dont really appreciate me and my dad once almost killed me a few years ago. i just want to be loved. im trying to fix our relationship but they make it hard sometimes. 

and then a girl who goes the same high school as i do, but is not following me on social media, just messaged me and asked if she can ask something personal/related to my religion. then i just thought okay i dont give a sh*t anymore and i wrote a LONG message to her explaining how people only think im this boring religious person and nothing more and im not. and i told her i was used to bullied at school and that people at school didnt know how hard my personal life was. i told her that i am religious but my best friends are not. i am religious but i do other things as well than just read the Bible... and so when she had read what i wrote she just told me i shouldnt tell people how i feel. probably she was right but i thought she would say something else. everything what i had just told her was forgotten and she didnt say anything about it. she only asked the question and i answered her.

the thing is. almost everyone, almost every person in our school has like 100 friends and are friends with everyone and then there is me. i have one friend in our whole 1 000 student school. im thankful i have her but ive always wanted to have many friends and i just dont know how to get them. ive tried but no.

what im saying is that i am way much more than just my religion (although it’s the most important thing to me) and i can be fun and do stuff like sneak from bathroom window at night with my friends or travel to random city and stay at 3 star hotell (loose all money) and ask strangers to donate me a a few dollars. and i like watching cat or duck tiktoks or those tiktoks where people are: ”tell me you are a robot without telling me you are a robot.” and i love watching netflix, hbo, disney+ etc. i cry when i think about this world and i pray for people that dont even know i exist. i would die for you who are reading this. and i am super loyal to my friends. i would like more people to acknowledge me. im not the best person in the world and im actually pretty stupid and mean sometimes but i can be a true and loving friend if people just wanted go get to know me. thank you for reading, God bless you❤️ btw im a 17 year old girl.