I can’t fucking stand my parents politics Idk why I’m writing this I guess to vent fuck grammar fuck this. I live in Kentucky very red and conservative house family friends life. There’s no fucking break. On top of that I have several mental health issues the most of which is depression and self hatred. I don’t wanna fucking see anything I just need to vent. I love my family so so much. And they support trump who I have come to hate so much in the past 6 months with the new awakening to the civil rights movement. I try SO HARD to be civil. To bite my tounge. But trump supporters are crazy. Anywhere you look they’re me maga and fucking cult thinking. I’m sorry if I offend anyone but at the time I’m writing this I don’t fucking care so forgive me please. They can’t see why I’ve changed no matter how many times I state it’s just that I want equality. I want BASIC FUCKING PEACE! They call themselves Christians and to be honest I don’t believe it anymore and somehow I feel more connected to ethical standards. They treat politics like there religion but I’f I confront it my mom says “well I never said we were perfect chosen party were all sinners. My party upholds Christian values” So day what you fucking will about Jesus but he’s a damn good look at how to treat one another. But all of there PoLiTiCs doesn’t fucking support any basic helping of others human beings. IM TIRED OF TRUMP AND IM TIRED OF FOX NEWS AND IM TIRED OF THIS LIFE. It’s so much pain I have tears rn and it could all be better if they weren’t in a litterally fucking hive mind cult. I don’t care about party’s all I want is to help everyone regardless of status. You just gotta be human. That’s it. That’s all. I’ll accept you. But no one around me does. I already am fucking screwed in the head but now I’m living as a minority all because no one around me stood up for the human rights and acts of kindness that they claimed to. I used to be like them but I changed when I saw how they reacted to George Floyd’s death and that of so many others. I’m not here for a fucking lecture on how what to do I’m just here because if I dm didn’t write I’d have no other way to get out my hate and frustration for FUCKING HYPOCRITES FOR RACIST PEOPLE. I cry almost everyday I can’t fucking take this. I’m hoping that someone sees this and gets what I’m feeling and I’m sorry if I fucking offended anyone. Night and fuck this life.