Having suicidal thoughts..... Me and my family can't get along. Don't know how long I can live like this. Decided to skip school tomorrow due to all the stress. Will miss a test but idc at at this point. I have a very toxic and dysfunctional family. 2 older sisters, a father and a mother + a little brother. They all have similar mindsets and behaviors. I'm the different one. They all have the same religion accept for me, I don't have a religion. From when I was a kid until know they never understood me. They just can't understand. Literally every conversation with them was pointless. It's 4 against 1 so I'm never the winner. There love to me is meaningless if because they never show it. I'm the most hated child now. They make me go on conversations with them but they won't listen to my opinion and even if they do they misunderstand. I literally argue to 3 or 4 people at once everytime and it's driving me nuts. We created boundaries to live together.  The rule for me to respect them and not to insult them.
The rule for them is to think before talking shit to me and act with me in a mature way. It's pointless. Even tho I have done my part, when they don't do there part I also don't do mine. I won't respect them because I can't. Even tho they did alot for me. I can't ignore what they're doing to my mental health. Everytime there is an argument I become the victim. Because it's pointless to talk to people who always think they're right. It got even worse when I left there religion. They're a very blindly religious family. They tried to convince me to go back to their religion many times. But the argument always ends with anger. They're very close minded so they never understood why I left their religion in the first place. Even after all the arguments they still don't have any idea. As I'm falling in depression and dying inside right now. I'm having thoughts to end this suffering. I came to canada with my family 1 and a half year ago so I don't have much friends here. I feel lonely all the time. I feel like I'm slowly dying inside and outside. Sorry for the bad English. My vocabulary has gotten weaker. I just wanna live a little longer to see how's this gonna end up. There is more details and reasons for everything I said so far. I can keep living but I'll be no different from a zombie. Highschool is also stressing me up alot too. Sorry for wasting your time and for the long text. I wanna know what you guys will do if you were in my situation.