Don't Read! [Letting yall know that this would permanently injure your brain cells] Are you guys serious about actually wanting to fuck dragons? What the hell is wrong with you? Why would anyone actually want to take a dragon to bed, lie atop her and run your hands over her body, feeling the bump of every tiny scale caress your hand, softer than your own skin, yet smooth and glassy, and feel her breath against your face as she watches you touch her, knowing what's to come.
Why would anyone in their right mind want to line up your erect cock with her scaly pussy, already wet and swollen with arousal and slowly slip inside her, watching the look of pure ecstasy spread across her face, so exotic yet comfortingly familiar, as her eyes narrow and her mouth opens as a moan of pleasure escapes her and she wraps her wings around you, enveloping you in her warm embrace. You can't seriously want to feel her claws grip around your back and she holds on to you, letting you know you are hers and she is yours as you slowly thrust into her, back and forth, picking up speed as you both make louder and more animistic sounds. Her breathing quickens and her back arches, her hind legs wrap around yours, making you to thrust deeper into her as her tight vaginal muscles clamp down on your cock, sending you over the edge and quickly bringing an orgasm of your own. The pleasure overtakes you until you can't hold back and with a final thrust, empty your balls deep into the dragon below you who's writhing in shuddering ecstasy of her own. Eventually it subsides and she reaches up, licking a bead of sweat off your neck, then nuzzles her face against yours as you both regain your breath.

You people are pathetic. What would your parents think of you fantasizing about being roughly taken from behind from a big strong male dragon, one you know could easily overpower you if he wanted to.
He holds you down with a claw that could easily tear into you as he licks your ass, coating it with slick fluid, getting you ready for something you're anxious about, and can't wait to feel until you're begging him to mount you. Only a freak would enjoy it while climbs into position and you feel something hard, something wet, press against your ass as he pushes his throbbing, swollen cock into you and your ass stretches wide to accommodate him, sending a sharp bolt of pain through your body that slowly dies down and gets replaces by soothing, growing pleasure. Why would you want to feel the rippling muscles bulge under his scales, muscles that flex with every powerful stroke as he pushes deeper with every thrust until his scales are flush with your skin, and you know he's taken you as his, and he'll continue for as long as he wants and there's nothing you can do to stop it?
Who would you actually enjoy the feeling of his teeth poking you in the shoulder as he bites down on you with enough force to pierce the skin but you're practically suffocating in sexual bliss so you barely notice. And he pumps into you, faster and faster until you can feel his whole body tense up, and he lets out a growl that you can feel vibrate your whole body. You can feel warmth spreading through your body as he fills you with his seed and makes you his. The relentless pounding against your prostate builds pleasure up until it consumes your entire consciousness and without warning, without even touching your cock, your knees buckle and your hands clench as you shoot ropes of cum over the floor.