It is almost 2 in the morning and I decided to write (its probably not good but meh) &amp;#x200B;

The guns roared and sent the mud of the once green field high into the air. 

The muskets cracked and filled the air with smoke and dust.

In the middle of the this great battle marched a line of infantrymen towards their enemy.

In this line who marched straight on towards a certain death was Nikolai. He had been sent to Austria when he was just 16 to fight a foreign enemy beneath a foreign sky and for a foreign land.

But back then despite him not knowing the purpose of fighting for the Austrians it was warmer weather, more food and happier comrades. 

But now he was beneath a familiar sky in his home land, and it was cold. 

The dead autumn leaves laid on the ground. Now benath a familiar sky Nikolai and the regiment who once were like brothers would fight over who would get to be close to the fire at the end of a long days march.

&amp;#x200B;

He did not even know why he was marching anymore, at the beginning he had been fighting for honor and medals. But what does a feeling of pride and a bit of metal on your coat do when you don't have any legs or arms?

These thoughts were on Nikolais mind all the time, but he continued up the hill and towards the enemy. 

He and everyone else knew that if one were to die the person behind him would just take his place and the line would continue.

And still, the line marched on.

Suddenly Nikolai heard cannons roar from the hills top. He saw the blast and he felt the blast. But when he tried to march on his legs wouldn't move. The soldier who had once been behind him was now infront of him.

&amp;#x200B;

''But that can't be right''Thought Nikolai. ''I am not dead, I am alive, I can't be dead''. But all the same the line marched on. And no matter how much Nikolai shouted or walked, he made no sound and got not further.

But he couldn't give up, he didn't want to die. He didn't want to die in the cold, left on a field of mud.

He heard the cannons roar again, but this time faintly in the distance, the sound was soft and almost calming even though they were closer to him then they had ever been before. 

But this time they didn't fill Nikolai with fear as they had done at Smolensk when they were far away.

Neither did the faint cries of the men cut down by the canister shot fill him with a fear for his life as they did at Austerlitz. To him the sound of the small lead balls hitting the ground similar to the sound of a soft summers rain.

Now all those fears and pains were just a distant memory to Nikolai, something the held no meaning to him anymore.

And by the time the French soldiers marched down the hill and talked with joy of their victory and how bravely they had fought the Russians. Nikolai had completely forgotten about the war, about the cold wind and the brown and dead leaves. 

He just looked at the clouds slowly float over him, and closed his eyes.