So sad :’( Long rant, no need to read 

I live in SoCal and I’m never rains. It was finally on the forecast so, but I knew it would only be in the morning so I woke up early at 5:30 to go sit in the rain. I invited my friend to come and she suggested we paint (which is somethings she’s wanted to do for a while). I was excited because I know she isn’t the biggest fan of sitting in the cold so I was glad we were going to be doing something she wanted to do to. I got all ready and drive to her house and sat outside for 50 min, but she never came out. I sat there as I watched the rain fad away and the sky turn blue. I missed the rain.

I knew that she just fell back asleep, which I would be mad about except for the fact that she texted me 20 seconds before I texted her I was there. She could not have fallen asleep in that 20 seconds especially if she had gotten up and gotten dress. It couldn’t have been an accident. I know it was her plan from the beginning.
I get that she just didn’t want to go because she was gonna be cold I guess. Idk why. But I brought tea and even a space heater and an expert ion cord because I knew there was an outlet at the park. I don’t understand why she couldn’t have just texted me that she wanted to do it later. I don’t get it. I would have gone to see the rain myself. I guess she didn’t know how much it meant to me. 

But now (exactly as I expected) she calls me saying she’s sorry and that she fell asleep. Then precedes to say that if I called instead of texted she would have gotten up, because her text notifications are off ( straight up not true because I saw her 12 hours ago and they were on). Now she saying we should paint later now that it’s stopped raining. 

I’m so sick of being manipulated into what she wants to do. She’s done this before. She says we are gonna do something then once I get there all the sudden the plans have changed in such a way that she could have only planned from the beginning. She says we are going for a hike, she picks me up and she’s wearing flip flops, we end up just sitting one the grass. 

I’m sure she does this because she thinks I will say no, but so what if I would say I don’t want to do it. Why force me to do something I would have a bad time doing. I don’t understand. I don’t want her to do things she doesn’t want to do either, so I would respect if she just said no. Standing me up makes me way more upset then if she had just said no. I missed the rain. I wanted it so bad. It meant so much to me and I just sat in front of her house watching it fade away. Why did she do that?

Now she is texting me and apologizing saying it was an accident. Clearly it wasn’t, she knows I know it wasn’t. She’s making me feel like I don’t have a right to be upset or mad at her. She should have just said no. I don’t want to be forced to forgive her. She is also acting like painting now later is like her apology to make it better, even though this was her plan from the begging to trick me into doing it later. I hate painting, she knows that. The only reason we were gonna do it is because of the rain. But I missed the rain just like the last two times. She knew I didn’t want to miss it this time. The rain is gone now.