My current greatest love that I had just broke me This is a thing I made on why I liked her and the last part is added just now

 

She was the one with the idea to date, she made the first move. It’s always a great thing when the other makes the first move because half the job is done I guess. “Someone who’s smart, pretty, has her glasses just a little crooked ya know someone who doesn’t go for a guy like me” (Scout talking about Ms. Pauly) She’s different in a good way by making me get butterflies, we always have a laugh and shooting the shit (pardon for language) we interact like I’ve never seen before. From all that I’ve observed and all that I’ve done myself I’ve never had the kind of interactions we have. She isn’t the most stable person but then again who the hell is, I’ll admit I’m not always. She’s more human i guess, she’s kinda country and she has that way, I don’t know how to describe it because its never been in my life before. She makes me just smile, I don’t know if that’s what love really is because it’s always subjective but if I care about someone as much as to write why I feel this way and offer myself to contribute to their furthering of their happiness then maybe that’s it. It’s just too bad she doesn’t see me this way because, I feel like if she took steps to get herself to happiness and I felt she was happier with me because she had the calm she wanted and she just seemed more open and happy with us together. I just want her to be happier and for her to give us another shot.

No one has made me feel this impacted by such a loss no ex has made me feel so well, shitty, maybe the alcohol didn’t help that evening and the massive hangover the next day, but (sorry) God damn do I wanna change her happiness and us. I want us to have both the emotion and our friendship, where we can cuddle and laugh at a literal bucket of chicken, when we can talk about sex and then make fun of me having an erection from talking about it. It isn’t possible though at least before she is happy again.

I know she said yes because she wanted to make me happy and she wasn’t as happy as she wanted, I wanted to make her happy and I was pretty happy, I wasn’t sure why that is but I just think its because of her mental stuff which i can’t fix, I’m not Hercules (I think you mean Hunkules) I’m not a god, I wish I could help but sometimes I can only listen. But she sometimes won’t want me to listen because of her boundaries. Her boundaries are what I guess bug be about our new change, not the sexual boundaries, but the emotional boundaries that are reset due to the mental hospital’s somewhat manipulation (I hate using this word so sorry), but convincing her that, us was bad (Bad grammar)

She likes another guy now, which just broke me, I’m crying in my bed right now and feeling just sick in my chest and stomach and it just sucks, I just want to end it and think to myself “who the fuck cares” and I know people will I just sometimes wish someone would ask me about this whole thing.