My school is on “high alert” for me now and I don’t know what that entails and my parents where called. I can’t tell if this goes in serious, advice, or rant because it can be counted as all three.
I’m at my wits end and I’ve tried telling my parents about it and it didn’t work. I told them that I :
1. Want to drop out (I’m a junior)
2. See no point on doing school and having no motivation for anything not even hobbies and have no attention span.
3. Having the urge to slam my head into the wall one good time
And 4. Think I’ll die in about a couple years (24-26) based off of gut feeling and I since 2nd grade

And then they just gave me the “you’re smart and you can do it, you can’t drop out you need at least a high school education “ which yes I do understand I need that and I wouldn’t drop out, but I’ll end up failing and staying back at the rate I’m going.  In nearly stayed back last year and only passed bc of COVID and that’s the only good thing that came out it for me.

Seeing as they are no help, I emailed my guidance counselor basically stating that and all that gets me is my dad calling me asking “why is your guidance counselor calling me and what’s this I’m hearing? Your high school is now on high alert for you” And proceed to tell me what has been said a million times already. I’m not sure what ‘high alert’ means. Are they scared I’m going to kill myself? If so I’m not for many reason (one of the I won’t say bc it might trigger someone) and I do have goals that require me to live a long time. Is it just for self harm and dropping out? I’m not planning to, it just looks like an option but I’ll get kicked out from both houses (parents are divorced) bc I can’t just “freeload and do nothing” if I do. 

We keep going in circles and I can’t keep pushing myself like I’ve been doing for the past 3-4 years. I just want to sleep and I have trouble doing that already, and my dad just tells me “go to sleep earlier” or “don’t stay up so late” like I try to on purpose, my mon understands bc she also has sleep problems and takes medication that her doctor prescribed, but I haven’t been to an actual check up in like 5 years, only went in 7th because I got the flu . I take melatonin but I end up waking every other hour or floating on the edge of sleep like I’m power saving mode on a computer. 
 
I’m tired, no one is actually listening me or my words, I’ll only get help if I hurt myself I guess bc when I answer no to it, nothing matters anymore. “Just keep working, you’ll get through it” and “you’re smart, your grades and classes show that so you can do it!” I can’t even do a simple work like a current even,I don’t even have a thesis for a rough draft essay I wrote and the finished one was due yesterday. All my friends are in my home state bc I’m with my dad for online school so I’m technically isolated. I just want a bunch of plushies and blankets to surround myself in the closet with. That sounds really nice but I have to much missing work to turn in to do that.