Weird dreams. Idk where to post this so... here you have it

My dreams are a bit weird... idk if you've heard of prophetic dreams... I've experienced them a lot of times, I see something in a dream, something pointless, last time for example it was me standing near the dining table and the fridge, talking to my mom while using my phone. Pointless but it happened to me, what feels even more weird about this is that I didn't recognize some of the things in the game.... they were added to the game later on...

Pointless right? Yeah maybe, I haven't given much thought to it

That type of dream happens to me a lot, but it isn't the only one

Last night I remember my brother waking me up, he told me I was talking in my sleep, I know that before I woke up I was dreaming... or rather nightmare-ing if that's a term, I was in my own home and I was scared of something... idk what it was, I was just paranoid and scared and when I woke up I still was a bit scared but didn't have a problem going back to sleep, today in the morning idk how the discussion started but we (me my brother and my mom) started talking about dreams and deja vú, and I mentioned my nightmare, my brother said that I talk a lot in my sleep (like it's a common thing for me to talk in my sleep basically although I don't remember talking in my sleep) but this time he woke me up because 1. I sounded "worried", and I was and 2. I wasn't speaking actual words, like not in english or any language that we know (we're both multi-lingual and he speaks the same languages as I do but better so it couldn't have been another language he doesn't understand) he also compared it to our 2 year old cousin's gibberish (she sometimes start speaking gibberish when she wants to talk to us because she isn't yet able to answer with more than 2 words, I'm assuming it's just her trying talk like a grown up)

TL;DR some times stuff that I dream about happen irl, and although talking in my sleep is common for me last night I wasn't speaking any languages that I (think) I know and I sounded worried (my brother's words)