Need some advice pls 

---- 1st,2nd,3rd,4th grade ------

So...we all had a primary school right? I met a lot of people there that now I won't ever see again.There was a girl in there that stick with me for some reason, she was lonely at the time and played by herself, and so was i. She was 1 year older than me i remember being friends with her but its to vague so I can't remember much more really.
Lets call this one Girl A

---- 7th,8th,9th grade ----

On those 3 years i liked a normie girl and she basically was just my opposite but somehow i had butterflies with her. After corona arrived in march, i told her i liked her and i knew she wouldn't really care because we were not that close and i was shy as fuck around girls
Lets call this one Girl B

---- present ----

 Now that i am in visual arts, i got like 24 girls in my class that helped me get over my girl shyness a bit in the past month. I met an awesome girl from another class, she draws beautifully well, we talk a lot in chat but not often in group because we are both a bit introverted, and i really like her as a person but for now I didn't get butterflies with her and i am worried that i won't ever get.
This is Girl C

---current situation---

So before i even started 10th grade i stalked Girl A in instagram and saw that she was in the same school that i was going to. I was completely crazy because i didnt see her face in years and the nostalgia beat like fuck. I broke my introvert barriers and sent her a message asking if she still remembered me. She didnt answer and it hurt a lot.

One month later i enter school (yeyyy¿) I got friendly with my class but not much because I am too picky with my friends but one day we all went lunch in the shopping and I found girl B (she continued in the school i was before) who i didnt see for 6 months because of the lockdown and i got a bit of butterflies, i just want to forget her because there is just no way that anything between us could be possible and go well.

Some time after that i got friendly with a girl from the other class of arts, which is girl C that i already referred to. Tldr she is just perfect in personality (not much in looks but i dont really care) we talk almost everyday and send memes to eachother and she seems to like me too.

So...today.
I had a dream that affected me for the rest of the day. Girl B and me were at the cinema and she had her head in my shoulder and i had my arm around her. Because of that i had butterflies for the rest of the day somehow.
I spent my lunchbreaks with girl C and a group of friends like i normally do and I wasn't having butterflies around her which really is depressing because she seems like the perfect one. During classes i could only remember the dream i had that night and got butterflies every time. 
So i wanted to test something, i went to my previous school that was where Girl B was having classes and i wanted to talk to her to see if i was still in love with her or not. My previous school and my current are really close to eachother btw.
In the time i was waiting for her to get out of her school, i was with some people of my class that were waiting for a bus. One of them had a friend who was with Girl A! I knew who she was but I didn't knew if she remembered me, i was too paralized to even talk to her. She sometimes seemed like she was looking for me but she could as well be looking to the number of the bus she was taking. After some time of me pretending to be well, after they all took the bus i just went home because i couldn't handle seeing Girl B when i was extremely stressed and paralyzed.

So my dilemma is... What the fuck do i do?
I cant manage to talk to Girl A after she ignored my message and i dont know if she remembers me or if she even cares about that.
I am still in love with Girl B who i want to forget but i cant.
I want to fall in love with Girl C but its only been a month.
Btw my school might close for the next weeks or so, the corona has been growing again and it's expected for it to close.
What can do i do with this 3 Girls before its too late? I really want this to be solved before school closes.