Multiple thoughts compiled into one post. It's a long post so suit yourself #Lets talk about porn



After not watching porn and not harassing my weener for 2 weeks, I have come to the realisation how misleading porn is. Not to mention it is so repetitive. 


I've noticed that in the incest genre of porn, there are always scenes of people basically _raping someone at some point_ . Like there are these two people sleeping in a bed, one gets horny and touches the other one inappropriately and fucks them. Story wise they're sleeping so there's no consent. Now I know, the actors aren't actually sleeping and they're doing the scene willingly, but you know what I'm talking about. It can get so misleading.


There's also the lack of having safe sex. I've only seen one scene where the actors actually use a condom. Rest all are unsafe scenes. Now, I know here as well that the actors are most likely tested for STDs and all, but to the very young people, let's say teens around the age of 13 or 12y/os watching (yes I know quite a few of them) they're only going to think that it's normal having sex without condoms. 



Not to mention unless you research on it, you'd think blowjobs are safe whereas they're a lot of times not. That's why there are flavoured condoms. I got to know this very recently and I'm happy as in the future I would have fucked up pretty badly.



It also doesn't help that big dicks and big breasts are so glorified that people feel ashamed or disappointed when their partner doesn't have either of those, in turn leading to low self esteem. 



#Now something different



I feel like if I have to sacrifice one thing in order to get the other. 


What I mean by that is that in order to have my dream job I'll have to sacrifice a steady relationship, and vice versa.


I aim to join the army, which is very hard to accomplish but let's say in the best case scenario I am able to join it. In that case I'll have nearly no free time for relationships as I read that during peacetime when you're not deployed anywhere, the schedule is still pretty rigid and you get only about 1-2 hours of free time where you're free to do anything. That is obviously not enough time to have a stable relationship.






That's it for the post. I wanted to write more stuff but as I went along I forgot a lot of it.