Three-way relationship Alright my friends, I’ve got a festering, interesting issue and I need some help. 

I’m a 17 M, and my best friend is the same, and we both know this 17 F and hang out with her a lot both as a three and individually. 

My relationship with her is probably best described as friends, who have had sex and would do so again because we are both sexually and emotionally attracted to each other. In fact, we both admitted we would like to be in an official relationship together only a few weeks ago. I stopped this happening because I’m currently upholding a policy of avoiding any romantic emotional investment so I can focus on my studies. 

The relationship between my best friend and her is harder for me to explain, but is probably best described as two exs who are hung up over each other. They met each other two years ago and underwent a relationship in which my best friend simply sought sexual satisfaction, whilst she was madly in love with him. She has never really gotten over him, and described her love for him as not romantic but very strong — she says she will always care for him. There is, however, certainly a degree of romance attached because they had sex two weeks ago (she did describe it as ‘like break up sex’, though). And whilst he originally felt no emotional attraction towards her, he recently said that he thinks he is ‘hung up over her’. 

My relationship with my best friend is quite normal for that kind of relationship I think. We’ve been through a lot and been there for each other quite a few times, and ‘share our cards’ when it comes to dilemmas such as this. We’ve both looked at it objectively and agreed that no matter what, as long as we’re on good terms with each other, the problem isn’t catastrophic 

A resolution is still greatly desired though, because in effect, what we’ve got are two male best friends who are both into a girl who is into both best friends, and that creates a sense of competition, rivalry and jealousy between me and my best friend, and is also just really complicated and quite dysfunctional. 

I’ve put forward (albeit jokingly with only a degree of seriousness) that we consider a threeway relationship, but I don’t know anything about that. Do any of you? 

I also more seriously suggested that we all sit down together and put everything on the table and come to some kind of conclusion. Yes people will get hurt but I don’t see many better alternatives. 

Any thoughts or ideas would be really appreciated. Hope you found it interesting :) I certainly do