My ex won’t leave me alone I broke up with him over a year ago like around march, and we stayed “friends” for a while until I couldn’t take it anymore so i blocked him on everything after he completely yelled in my face like the psycho he is. (I was so scared he’d come up with some rumors about me or something so it took me forever to do that). Then around December last year he adds me back on snap so I accepted it thinking he’d change or whatever, basically giving him his 100th chance. He was apologizing or whatever but I knew he just wanted to push me into getting back with him and i’m tired of his drama so i just unadded him again. So then like up until march this year his best friend would mess with me by inviting me to minecraft games or whatever and they wouldn’t leave me alone. I thought he’d finally gotten the message but he just added me back on snap and it’s midnight right now. Not even though contacts or anything it was through search, like how do you even remember my username? He was completely obsessed with me and it freaked me out

Idk i’m typing this super fast cause I don’t know what to do, he had some mental problems that he latched onto me for. Basically the whole “if you leave me i’d probably off myself because i love you so much” gig so he’s always been at the back of my mind, I would still check his insta to see if he was active or not because i feel like that’s something he would actually do. I saw he had a date and hearts in his bio and i felt relieved because i thought that meant he moved on too, but why is he trying to hit me up again? I don’t even know, i don’t wanna accept his request and then him say “hey, i just wanted to let you know i’m killing myself tonight” because I know that’s something he would do. He will do anything to get my attention. Should i just ignore it? What if he actually needs help? I was the only person that ever really knew how to calm him down but I just got tired of it you know

Typed this super fast i don’t have anyone i could talk to about this because everyone thinks he’s perfect and charismatic and wouldn’t believe anything i say about him. I feel like cussing him out honestly but part of me feels sympathy for him

TLDR: My toxic ex wants to talk but I don’t know if i should respond, there’s a 50/50 chance he’s trying to guilt me into being with him again or just trying to apologize once and for all