I want to kill myself I have decided that I will kill myself in the next week or so. For the past two years I have been depressed and wanted to kill myself but I just haven’t down it.

My life is shit I have such low self esteem that I am scared to go outside because someone I know might recognise me. I can hardly talk so half my words are mumbles. And even when you can understand me my voice is so quiet that you still can hardly understand me. My grades have gone to shit because of me just feeling that even if I do try at an assignment I will fail it anyways.

My parents also do not care about any of these things I brought a lot of these things up to my mum and she acted as if she cared for a night then went back as if nothing was wrong. My dad couldn’t care less about me because I never want to do anything and when I do he is too busy with his work or something else and will ignore me.

My big brother is a drug addict that my parents pour all of their attention into. They blatantly treat him higher than me as when they knew about everything they decided to take him on a ski trip to try and “discipline” him witch obviously didn’t work. When he wanted a suit for his year ten formal they say before they got it for him. And when he decided he wanted a bed they got it the same day. I feel as if they don’t care about trying to sugar coat it anymore.

Meanwhile when I asked for a pc for Christmas which I would pay for and give up all my gifts for a year my mum said yes. After I expressed concern on whether she would get it she promised me she would. Meanwhile it is two days after new year’s and there is still no word on it. This has just make me feel so unwanted as money is not problem. My dad got a Porsche 911 last year and is getting another car soon and my parents always have to have all of the latest things meanwhile I have all outdated and the most budget things.

The only two people that I actually care about is my little brother and the family cat. They are the only ones that somewhat care about me and it shows. I don’t want to kill myself because I don’t want the cat that has come to favourite me and follows me everywhere to be sad . Writing that is just making me realise how pathetic my life actually is .

I don’t want to do it but I fell I have to. My name is James Phillips I live in Sydney Australia and I need help. Please