The discussion of false rape accusation on this sub is weird (repost cause apparently I'm not allowed to say the word for reddit's version of likes) So recently, there's been a post going around showing a poster in India stating

&gt;False rape accusations are punishableThe law exists for your protectionnot for settling scores

The post wasn't hugely popular, but most of the comments on this were positive and in favor of the rule, and I just wanted to say how fucking stupid that is.

Like okay, being falsely accused of rape is incredibly shitty and can damage a man's reputation and even ruin his life in some cases. But what people on this sub don't seem to understand is that those are incredibly rare. A simple google search are you'll get a ton of sources saying around the same number, 2%-10% of rape allegations have been proven to be false. Of course, those are only the proven false ones, and its impossible to know the real numbers. But, even if a much greater number of rape allegations are false, they rarely ruin a man's life. You may here horror stories about how one woman was able to completely destroy someone just by saying a few things, even if he got acquitted, and while I'm not denying these exist, but they're are in the vast minority. You can see many men in high positions of power who have been accused of sexual harassment, yet retain their positions. Meanwhile, it's estimated that about 63% of sexual assaults go unreported.

This law in India only protects offenders and makes it harder for woman to come out against them. If you really want laws punishing people spreading lies about you, we already have them, their called libel and slander. We don't punish people for falsely accusing someone of stealing or murder, unless of course they have actively defame those accused.

I'm probably not the best person to talk about this since I'm a guy, and a lot of people may go out of their way to call me a simp, but I just wanted to point out how unreasonably skewed the discussion about these topics are on this sub.

Edit: people seemed to be confused as to what I'm trying to say, and that's fair, I might not have said it as clearly as I could have so here goes: I'm not saying there shouldn't be proof or that proven false accusations should go unpunished, obviously they should, but this is covered in our current legal system (innocent until proven guilty, laws against slander and libel). What I'm saying, or at least trying to, is that the conversation about these topics on this sub is vastly skewed, and signs like these in India, actively dissuade people from coming forward