Just some thoughts Just some of my stressful thoughts. 

I'm stressed about my school. I probably have it easier then most because I don't need to go to classes, so maybe I shouldn't be stressed but I am. It could be that I'm lazy, or it could be that I'm just super uninterested in algebra. I like one of my courses but hate the math and am even cheating at it and I get stressed because I'll be disappointing my parents and I'm not learning anything but I just don't have the motivation. 


If I tell my parents that I don't want to do math they'll probably just brush it off and make me keep doing it because I've done it all my life and everyone in my family thinks I love math but I hate it. Ideally I'd want to become a astronaut, but that's the unreachable dream that I'm pretty sure would be completely impossible even if I tried because I'm diabetic and I wouldn't be able to take my life saving medicine. Other then that I'm interested in possibly being a therapist and maybe maybe maybe a architect but I'd need to do lots of math which I'd be unhappy with. 

I probably shouldn't be stressing about this now as I'm only 15 but damn I can't help it. I just don't know where I'm going. And I don't want to disappoint my parents

Another thing I'm stressed about is my sexuality. I'm confused currently but I'm pretty sure I'm bisexual, idk though. And coming out would be stressful asf. I've already told my sister who is supportive of the LGBT+ community but I tried saying it out loud but I physically couldn't so I did it over text.  She's supportive so that's good though. 

And I'm living with ten other people with three of them being 5 or younger and since I'm the second oldest I need to constantly watch over them. And my sister has a cat which I generally don't like and am allergic to so I'm constantly sneezing and sniffling and have watery eyes. 

My mom doesn't even work and has a apartment that she's at half the time because living with everyone is to stressful. I try to understand but it's hard. She has depression and I try to help but it's hard. I'm trying my best but it's hard.



This was just a jumble of random stressful things in my life, which is most of it currently. It wasn't directed at anyone. Have a good day friend.