Confidence issues. Hello guys. Hope everyone's having a great day so far! :)

So, I know I'm not alone when I say that I'm not entirely good at conversations, simply because I would say, I'm not that confident to begin with. Don't get me wrong, I love listening in on conversations and learning things about people. Sometimes, I would also love to add my own input to state my stance on the matter being discussed. But, when the limelight is then shifted onto me, I somehow crumble under the pressure and can't talk normally anymore.

This mainly happens because I don't really fancy the idea of someone (or multiple people) looking at me directly in the face. It makes me a bit self-conscious and I don't like the way it makes me feel. Something else that also heavily impedes my day-to-day discussions is my stammering. I've never stammered or stuttered before in my prepubescent days when I used to engage in conversations or just randomly talk. But, it happens now for some reason¿ :( And, it's honestly quite embarrassing and makes the whole interaction a hundred percent more awkward on both sides. 

I really want to do something about this. I know, I know, this is more of a *me* issue and *working on liking myself* issue, but I just need some advice. All these websites on Google and these Ted talks I've been watching are just merely adding to my screen time if anything. They keep reiterating that I need to be comfortable in my own skin, and put myself out there or have as many social interactions as I can to, get the hang of it, I guess? ;-; These solutions may have helped many lost souls like myself out there, but to me these seem tremendously vague. I need concrete solutions. Anyone out here who has been through this or is going through this? What have you done to help combat this social inepcy? 

Thank you for taking the time and effort to read (and hopefully kindly) respond to this.

Also, please be kind in the comments section, I really am looking for constructive suggestions! &lt;3