I am so Goddamn angry I fucking hate this planet so goddamn much I want to punt a mother fucker. First, yesterday, I saw there was water on my computer and was just like “Okay, this has happened before, one of my nephews probably knocked my water over.” I checked if my computer still worked and it did. Good job. My computer is fine. Well this morning, I scoot my computer back so it’s at a better place so I can work more comfortable. Well there was a shit ton of water under my computer all night. I thought it was all okay still since this exact situation had happened before and my computer was still working after. I cleaned up the water and was about to get to work and my computer didn’t turn on. Worse yet, I am failing a lot of classes because I got overwhelmed by my teachers assigning to much. To add some irony! My nephews had spilled my water AFTER I got my door fixed to close properly. Which means in the literally two minutes between me leaving my door open while going to the bathroom and me getting back my nephew had spilled my water. I should have just closed my door. That’s the computer I do most of my schoolwork on, rather than my actual school computer because my personal just works better. My school laptop is just shit, and mine seems to have more problems than everyone else’s for whatever reason. I use that computer for Twitch, which I’m grounded right now and I don’t really stream so that’s not a problem, and I use it for gaming. Now that’s still not a problem. But do you know what is? The fact that my personal computer is how I practice music because the speakers are a million times better than my school computer’s. My dad said that best case my computer just needs to dry and it will be fine and worst case scenario he can just take the hard drive out and put it in a new body. So it’s not like it’s totally fucked. I’ll keep y’all updated if you care

And what’s MORE!? Google Drive is down world wide! That’s how I do all of my English work but this is kind of something all student have to deal with probably for the next few days (at most) so I’m not going to act like it’s only horrible for me. Luckily, it’s raining here and I love the sound of rain.

Moral of the story? Close ya doors and keep your water or drink away from your computer.