How to write a 5 page essay pretty quickly      Times new Roman 13 point font remember to. 
 
Set margins slightly closer, but not too close 
 
To avoid suspicion, make lines double
 
Spaced apart. Add lots of fluff that and use 
 
Sophisticated and rather fairly humongous 
 
words from your dictionary. You may want 
 
To add paragraphs frequently in order to 
  
Skip finishing a line. 
      
        Remember to add some cringe metaphors 
 
Or Idioms that don’t make sense but give style 
 
Points. She had a heart of gold. As you can 
 
probably Tell I have a real essay due but am 
 
Procrastinating on reddit slash teenagers 
 
Instead because writing an essay about how 
 
Banks rip people off by charging interest 
 
For Econ is quite boring and I don’t have much 
 
Interest in doing so. Also remember to relate the. 
 
Text to real world things. This is similar to how  
 
Many people procrastinate in real life and it 
 
Isn’t just me. 
 
     References help too, but they cannot  
 
Be from Wikipedia, because for some reason 
 
Teachers don’t like Wikipedia, even though I saw 
 
In my college Engineering textbook a reference 
 
to Wikipedia (Wikipedia). 
      
   Remember to stick to your Formatting, like 

APA or MLA, teachers don’t explain it well so 
 
Find some Indian guy on YouTube. This brings 
 
Me to my next tip for writing, put on some music
 
While you write and take five minute breaks, like 
 
What I’m doing right now from my real essay 
  
     Please help I’m a terrible writer and the 
 
introduction is the hardest part, it comes out 
 
So cringe all the time. Anyway we may be getting 
 
To that 5 page limit soon so I’m just gonna write. 
 
A fluffy conclusion. 
     
    In conclusion, writing an essay is annoying 
 
But is a valuable skill in jobs like marketing or 
 
A report for engineering or something, so don’t 
 
Just ignore it. Now I must make a prolonged 
 
And unnecessary goodbye, by asking some  
 
Thought provoking question. Is this really how 
 
You should write an essay?