Man fuck this world sometimes My new friend told me that she was living in a miserable home situation. Her family is very poor and her brother and her parents fight a lot. Her older brother is autistic and very mentally ill, and at one point the fighting and arguing got so bad my friend's parents tried to get him committed. 

She said that she feels sad all the time that she cries and feels mentally unstable. But that she also feels like she should just get used to it. She's 16 and does art often and I'm 15 and when she told me about this i sympathized with her but secretly I was fighting back tears and I almost burst out crying. 

I say this because I could empathize with her more than she thought i did/could. My family is very dysfunctional and our genome is very fucked up because we have all the mentall illnesses under the sun and it's translated into a lot of abuse and trauma that runs within our bloodline (its also touched me too [as in I've been abused before too]- tho my mother and father never rlly abused me but she and somewhat my dad do neglect me I suppose). 

I say that cause my daddy, my real daddy, wasn't a very nice man. I was sent to him twice mostly cause of financial reasons and when I was and wasn't with him he treated me like absolute shit because he despised my mother for leaving him and taking me away from him (he did things like beat my then 3 year old brother during the time we were supposed to be sleeping cause he wouldn't go to bed, threatened to stab me with knives, used a bible to try to convert me/make me see why being gay was sinful and demonic, etc.). 

When my friend told me those things, I wanted to interject and let her know that I related to her far more than she thought I could and why. But I didn't. I just empathized with her and acted like a friend would when they came to them about this stuff.

Eventually, the bell rang and we had to leave the cafeteria. And for the rest of the school day I could do absolutely nothing but think about what she was going through but at the same time know that i couldn't really do much to help her. 

Fuck people. Fuck this world. It's not very kind to children like us...

Tl;dr: I hate this world because my friend has become depressed due to her homelife and I feel helpless to stop it and feel nothing but empathy for her because of my own shitty family too.