FUCK YOU MS PENDEJO So here's some backstory before I lose my shit. I'm in a country where covid is mostly under control so instead of fully studying from home we have a sort of hybrid system. Also, if teachers don't feel great then can log onto zoom from home, along with the ppl who r online that day, the ppl in class get assigned a dean to make sure we don't go buck wild and the teacher gets projected in class she we see her. Also my school has projectors in each class idk if that's common elsewhere but ye.
So a couple of months ago in late November my Spanish teacher (who I will call Ms Pendejo) broke her leg and stopped coming to school for while. In 2018 this would have made sense BUT consider the situation everyone is in rn teaching from home is an easy option. Instead of doing what every other teacher who was somewhat sick (some of which had covid btw) she just assigned us 4 different replacements, only 2 of which actually showed up. Then she says that she'll be coming back. Great we can finally get back to this. Well turns out she didn't show up AGAIN making up miss the busses. 
Then, last week she finally says she'll be coming back. And how does she announce her triumphant return? WITH A FUCKING TEST FOR THE NEXT DAY OUT OF THE BLUE THE SUBJECT OF WHICH SHE HAD GIVEN UP 20 MIN OF CLASS IN. Then we all sent her emails she basically goes "FiGure IT oUT loL". Ms Pendejo then call all of us liars, (ig highschoolers have a hivemind) and then says she'll make it harder just as the shit sprinkle on the already very shit smeared cake. Then in class the next day she goes "u gUyS DoN't WoRk enOUgH. whY r We sO bEHiNd ON ThE curRiCulUm? tHiS iS alL yoUr FaulT U lAzy DiPShITS." EVEN THO SHE'S BEEN DEAD FOR ALL WE KNEW FOR THE PAST 3 MONTHS.

So here's the moral of the story; fuck teachers who think what they teach is the most important shit of all time. Your lessons don't mean fuck and u dropping 30 tons of shit on us to do is wasting yours and our time. When school is said and done knowing Spanish is a fucking party trick. Thank you for coming to my TED talk.