My opinion on 2020 This is my summary and thoughts of 2020.

All year, all I wanted was to get 2020 over with fast, but now it's the end of 2020 I want it to last forever. I guess the reason for this is that deep down I really liked the sense of adventure I got, which compared to other years there was not that much of. I loved the enjoyment of going head first into a situation I did not know the outcome to. I also hadn't realised how many good things had happened to me as well. First off in gaming The Last Of Us part 2, well what can I say that at the time my disappointment was immeasurable but now, I feel it had a good ending to the revenge story and sadly Joel had to die for the story to work. It to me brings justice on how close people can become during a zombie apocalypse and how attached they become when you think really you should be able to cope with losing someone and not take vengeance. Red Dead Redemption 2, this will go down as my favourite game I have ever played the way Arthur Morgan goes from a hardened outlaw and criminal to him in the end understanding that the time of outlaws is over and the wild west is at its end. But when ge became ill it made him see the world for what it really was and that civilisation is not so bad after all. This game meant a lot too me and still does. It is the most attention I have ever given a story and my first time crying at one. We also got cool KFConsole. Other than 2020 being great for gaming it has been very good for me as well, I gained self understanding through mbti personality test this has helped me crush some insecurities of mine, I joined reddit I love it, it has brought me so many good original memes. I became fit and healthy which was the best thing I have decided  to do, it also helped with my mental health. 

So in conclusion 2020 FOR ME has not been the worst year possible, I mean it's not like there will be a massive boss health bar in the sky on new year's eve. But on a more serious note this year has been different and in no way has it been boring and 2020 could be known as one of the most exciting of recent years in an adventurous kind of way. I will always remember 2020 as the year I changed my life. WW3 was sick can't wait for WW69

If you read it all tell me what you agree with and what you don't or what you think should be included.