Yo leo I know you don't use reddit but imma just rant So first off I am sorry for sending you that clip, that was wrong of me. Although I feel like you might be overacting a lot, I get why your upset. I know your going through an extraordinary amount of shit and pressure and while it is quite infuriating that you don't talk to me or any of our friends (to my knowledge)  I really try to do my best to be understanding. I hope you know that I have never seen you as anything different or held any kind of prejudice against you, and I have always attempted at making sure you are comfortable.

Ok with that outa the way I would like to speak about my experience the good and bad about being your friend.   


The good:   
Always pleasurable to hang out with, fuck around and do dumb shit. Your super open minded to try new foods, experiences and overall most things. I feel like I can be my idiotic chaotic self around you and I feel super comfortable with you.   


The bad:

You get offended quite easily and me being me I never know when that is. You don't address your offense to me and instead choose to be passive aggressive for an extensively long period. You seem like a different person when we hang out online vs offline. Online you become more direct (which isn't a negative thing btw), but you're ruder, you're judgmental and ignorant, and your extremely passive aggressive. I have no problem with how much you crave penis my guy. But what I do have a problem with is the constant insults I and our other good friend receive because were not apart of the lgbtq+ community. I have no problem with you expressing your gayness but when you use it as a means to look down on us I feel insulted.

&amp;#x200B;

I truly love you man, you were one of my best friends and I truly cherish the times we spent together. From the time you watched over us while we got yoinkerd outa our minds, to the time we spent up in the mountains playing poker and humping (we weren't fucking I swear). I really loved being your friend but I am unable to continue dealing with your "woe is me" bullshit. I don't want to continue to be friends with someone who is gonna try and cancel me with every mistake I make.  This is my official -ish Declaration of Independence from you Leo.  


 I love ya man and I truly hope you find happiness in life