People of r/teenagers, let's save the world.   

My fellow Zoomers, in a few short weeks the state of the world may change drastically. The 2020 Election will be like if the 2000 one took 10 steroids and 3 vitamin gummies, and will lead our two preceding generations towards favoring either Anarchy or Oppression. The next few months and the coming years will be the greatest test we as teenagers will face, but we must summon our inner strength to protect or regain the freedoms that we have now or have remaining. We must be the bulwark of Democracy, not just in America, but everywhere in the world. Change the system we must.

I am calling upon all of us to take part in this great endeavor, to preserve our liberty and reestablish our equality, and to give a voice to those with none. The road will be long, it will not be pretty, and it will be very, very hard. Our individualism will be tested, our faith in humanity shaken, and our hope taxed. But I believe that with the use of the technology we now have at our fingertips, we can, and should most certainly try to make a better society in all our homelands.

Many of our elders will say that we shouldn't worry about it. That this is nothing, and that we have no control over it anyway. Well, the Boomers say nothing’s wrong, our Gen-Xer parents are either pessimist or pretending while telling us not to worry, and our Millennial siblings are too woke for their good. We are all that stands between the world we live in now, and a Dark future where none of the problems we see get solved.

I know that many of you believe that we can’t do anything. “We can’t vote, therefore we have no voice” you may already be typing into the comments below. I say that’s bullshit, all the memes I see on Cowbelly and in my feed are likely made by a Zoomer. And in these memes, I see an Angry generation, yet also one that knows that things can be different, things can be better. We know what’s wrong with the systems that have been put in place. Better yet, thanks to the massive information on the internet, we no longer have to rely only on our Public Schools or College professors to learn about History or get our news only from the TV or Newspaper. The problem is we’re a generation of Nihilists.

Consider the following, Historians William Strauss and Neil Howe created a Generational Model. 4 types of generations exist, and they occur typically one after another, and are as follows. Idealists are born during Conformity and come of age during Social Ferment, they Pursue Individualism and Morality. They become Visionaries, The Bill Gates, the Steve Jobs, the JFK’s. These are what the Boomers once were. Next is Reactives who are born during times of social change, and come of age during the previous gens push for Morality. They Shoulder a crisis, and age into Dim respectable people. These are the Gen-Xer’s i.e. Our Parents, who are now starting to become just as stressed as we are with the realization of the coming crisis. Next one is the Civics, who are born during a return to morality and unite during a crisis, they build the next society. The Millenials were supposed to be this. That brings it to us, the Adaptives, born during a crisis these people work for compromise during times of change, and tend to become sensible elders. The problem is, the crisis came late. The crisis should have been the 2008 economic crisis, but that got fixed fairly quickly. We were born too early to fulfill this model, and the millennials became more and more conscious of the social issues in society. Now they think they know everything, but they are being manipulated by the same people who caused those social issues in the first place.

Therefore, we must be the civics in their place. The children are the future, and since those with a voice are either too cynical, blind, or unaware of effectively change, we must do so instead. It is our responsibility to deal with this crisis so our descendants might not have to suffer another. And we have the tools, we just need to change our mindset from doomer to bloomer. This may be our only chance, and take it we must. This never was about making sure America could remain a Buffer against Chinese Hegemony, I wrote my first post to test the waters, to see how you would react. I saw people who know how to remain civil even if arguing about politics hence the references to China, that gives me hope. This is about showing the world that just because you can’t vote, it does not mean you don’t have a voice. I’m talking about being taken seriously gentlepeople. Let’s save the world, Discord link will be posted on October 24th. We can do this, I believe in us.