How I got beat up in a mall by a 30 something year old. Ok so this happened on jan 15th, it was a friday and every friday I go with some of my classmates at the mall where we meet a bunch of our friends outside the school. So this time there was this other group who just kinda wanted to fight, one of them was innaproprietly touching the gf of one of my friends and constantlly trying to start a fight with that friend. While this was happenig 2 other guys started to pick on me. I didn't really care until one of them took my hat and wasn't giving it back (if you know me you kniw that you can't fuck with my hat). So I take out my (I don't know how you call them in english, in romanian it's called rozeta, it's this metal thing in which you put your fingers) and he gave me my hat back, but then they all started jumping me to scare me more than anything, and there was this 30 yo that was hanging out with them who started to threaten me if I didn't give him the weapon, to which I replyed with a ferm "no". Anyway, a part of our group including me decided to go to the underground parking, hoping to get away, but they follwed us down. We faced off again in the parking lot but by " we" I mean me and those guys who were follwing us because they mainly wanted me to give the the weapon and apologise, which I would not do in 1000 years, you may think it's dumb but the way I measured me was that if I give in they might want more. I don't know if it was the adrenaline (it probably was) but I was weirdly calm, I am generaly a very chill person but I am not sure what got into me but I started to yell about property rights. Now I have to say that almost all of them were massive pussies because they sent the 30yo to threaten me this time with a knife. And I kid you not, I tell him: "Put that back". I looked him in the eye and told him this and he actully did. Now granted considering im 1,75 and 60kg he was probably not intimidated, he just realised I wasn't scared and I knew he wasn't gonna stab me. One of the guys told me to get out of the mall "or else" and in the same calm voice I answer "I have the right to be here just like I have the right to be in your mother". So he asks me to repeat (this guy was even shorter and skinnier than me so I wasn't gonna be intimidated by that pussy) so I repet but this time loud. A guy standing next to be kiks me in the leg and yells "you either give us the hat or the weapon" I refuse, so the old guy just hits me three times in the face and they leave. Now thank to the adrenaline I didn't really feel them. Anyway the guys who didn't come to the parking lot came to us at the elevator and when they heared what I did they told me I earned their respect 100%. So that was nice and made my day especially as I kept my stuff and my dignity. And I am wearing the hat as I am writing this on the toilet.