Ranting about school I just want to talk about how annoying my current School is. We moved to Oklahoma from North Carolina about halfway through the school year. I failed English at my old school ,which had block schedule, but when we moved here it was a normal schedule, so I ended up having to take a credit recovery class for the class I failed as well as a main English course. No I dont get an extra English credit for it.

On top of this, at my old school I had an AP class called District C which is a social studies credit but instead of having to go through history and stuff you actually help people in the real world with real problems. Well my new school decided that this meant I was supposed to be taking my normal history class as well as a history class as one of my electives.

The second history class I had to take is "Oklahoma history" which is literally just normal history, but a year behind the regular history class and trying to fit Oklahoma somehow into it in every assignment. Half of the assignments don't even mention Oklahoma once, and I use the find and replace feature on Google Docs to make sure of this. On top of this we're getting a 25-question assignment on top of a quiz about the assignment every other God damn day. I haven't even gotten started on my other classes.

Another class, robotics, would have been a very nice class, as in interested in programming and robotics. Key phrase would have been. I am a distance only student so guess what I get to do? Didily shit. Basically once a month I draw what the programming would look like. No I don't get to build anyting. No I don't get to actually program and test my stuff. I literally just copy a picture that my teacher posts and that's it.

Next up is math. Normally math is one of my best subjects, but not this year! My teacher uploads all their assignments geared towards A B students so I'm not given instruction on half of them and have no clue what we're doing. I messaged my teacher three separate times about one assignment that I can't do cuz she hasn't taught me how and she still have yet to respond about two weeks later. She also hasn't put the assignment in PowerSchool yet so I don't know what's going to happen with it.

Other than that my classes are pretty standard. English is fairly easy, and I am annoyed by my Computer Applications class, but I knew what it was going into it and I have to take it as a prerequisite. I don't have a science class at all so at least that made my workload a little better. 

Thanks for reading my rant and have a wonderful day.