Why the U.S. school system is flawed There is so many things wrong with the school system here in America. First off, the education system we grew up with was organized and put into action during the Industrial Age where factory workers were told what to do all the time. Big companies relied on their workers to do what they were told and to follow instructions. But it’s obvious that the Industrial Age has passed and that the world is rapidly changing rather quick. 

Now in 2021, most companies want people who are creative, innovative, and most importantly, people who love their job. But since the school system we grew up with that was established a century ago, kids are confined and limited to their life choices. Schools tell students what to do all the time to keep their students in check, but even though the reasons for that is discipline, it doesn’t help the students gain creative minds. Every student is unique in their own way, but schools teach all the students in the same orderly fashion. Every day students are told when they could eat, what they can learn, and even something as simple as going to the bathroom.

Schools tell their students that they all can succeed, but how can they of they are judged and graded by n the work they do? The school system grades their students on how well they accomplished their work by learning a topic for a week, then take a test or quiz about the topic, and later on forget about that certain thing the next week. Only for the teacher to bring up that topic a half a year later for finals making students stress thinking, “Am I gonna pass this test?”, “I forgot so much”, “I’m gonna fail”. It’s thoughts like these that schools are trying to prevent, but what they fail, if not they do realize is that they are the ones building those thoughts for their students, they are the ones putting the pressure on people who learned topics they will most likely never use in the career they want to peruse. 

Do you remember having fun before you ever started school? Do you remember running around, drawing, building blocks or just hanging out with family. It’s small things like that, that build up young peoples interests. Children thrive on independence and trying to find things they love. They find and discover their own interests at their own rate. They enjoy the things they do which makes them motivated to keep doing what they’re doing. But once someone’s child enters school, their life choices and options are limited to almost nothing. Imagine being told what to do, everyday for the rest of your life. Imagine learning countless of things, that you very well know you aren’t going to use for a career that has nothing to do with what you learned about. What’s the point? Exactly. There is no point because the school education system is so flawed. They limit students creativity to a certain point where people would ask them what they want to do as a career and their response is, “I don’t know.” That’s because as kids growing up, we don’t have the independence and motivation for discovery as we were before when we even took our first steps. Schools limit our choices and discipline us all to a point where we don’t even know what we want to do in life. 

Even though the education system is flawed, it doesn’t necessarily mean it’s always the teachers fault. Sure there are some teachers out there who half ass at their desk playing solitary or checking their dating status on Facebook, but realize that there are teachers out there that legitimately want to change students lives for the better and give them a wide variety of opportunities to discover what they want to do. It’s the education system we have today that causes the teachers jobs to be so difficult to give their students those independent choices because 100 years ago, workers had to be disciplined. But now there are millions of teachers who want people’s lives to change for the better and become as successful and happy as they can be. Yes, discipline is needed for students, because there are definitely kids who are just straight up rude and selfish, but outside of that small circle is a whole world of kids who want to learn, but just can’t stand on HOW there learning. 

The main message of this is that schools need to change, not only for their own benefit, but for our future children’s benefit. Because when we are laying on our death bed but are child is so dumb that they don’t even know how to even add enough teaspoons of a certain medication and accidentally makes us OD on the spot, we’re doomed. But if schools let children have the independence they need and the open variety of things they could do in life, we’d be a thousand years into the future within the next one hundred years. But don’t always blame the teachers, blame us students as well because come on, we all know that teenagers and little kids are some of the most, of not the most toxic group of people on this planet Earth. Independence and variety is key in life, so if you have something they you just love and you could make a living out of it, DO IT. Let nothing and no one stop you, F**K THEM HATERS, do what you love, and make it change your life for the better.