School Sucks- here's a rant why School is honestly the worst part of my life and it completely doesn't make sense. First, I'll talk about nonsensical school stereotypes and then we'll move on to the meaty stuff.

Firstly, homework. I struggle to understand the logic behind homework. The argument that was always made to me was "so the student doesn't forget". Aw, shit, I wasn't in school for ten goddamn hours and I forgot! Why send students home when you DEMAND MORE OF THEIR TIME? Just extend the classes to five! But that'd make everyone angry because the school eats up too much time... so fuck it.

Secondly, studying. I'm surprised nobody brings up how silly studying is because it's basically cheating. If the point of a test is to see what you've learned, then studying is literally cramming information in case you didn't learn in a metric for what you did learn. Confusing, huh?

And this leads into the third oddity- grades. The original goal of educating children has become abandoned, and in its stead, school has become a wholehearted attempt to teach children that success is measured by how high one can climb on the charts. It's not a really good lesson.

There's also the hypocrisy- you hear constant, constant, constant lessons about mental health. In my school, it was and is hammered home that if you have any sort of problem, talk to your guidance counselors or the school counselors. Problem is... I didn't know the name of my guidance counselor until my dad emailed the school because I was FAILING in a class and didn't even know that I could drop it. I was never told how to find this person, never told their name, with the only clue being a vague "resources are online" because *what fucking isn't*. 

Other things I hear way too much: "manage your stress!" THEN STOP HEAPING FUCKING HOMEWORK ON ME, PEOPLE! It honestly makes me sad that the school seems to think that simply standing a student at point A and telling them they want to be at point B with no information. How about you tell me how to manage stress? How about you help? God forbid you get out from behind your desk and off of your leather seat to help the students, they can figure it out by themselves. Man, the schools are tone deaf in every way!

And then we take all of this, we mix it all in a pot, and toss it on a bunch of developing minds fresh out of middle school and expect them to adapt.

And guys, I'm from Mahomet fucking Illinois. In the top 1,000 schools out of 130,000.

I think school could be better- this may be radical, but get rid of homework and make grades less important. Take some of the importance out of tests and make them more about being checkpoints. And for god's sake, stop making it about being the best school ever and teach the fucking kids. Actually help them.

&amp;#x200B;

School just doesn't work as it is.