I will try to make it quick... I hope It all started, when I was like 8 years old, then my life started to turn gray. I was lovely child, everyone loved me, beside of my dad, who left me and my mother. I had one trait, that made me special for my relatives. When someone cried, I come to them, and hugged them. It was automatical.  One day, my mother's was crying in kitchen. I, like usually, decided to make her happy again, so I tried to hug her... Tried because she pushed me away. Looks at my today state, it was traumatizing for such little child. Few years later she married another guy. He made my childhood a hell. He never talked with me in other way than shouting at me for smallest mistakes. That was pretty bad too. But some time later I fall in love, my first and last so far. But due to my introvert nature, I didn't talked with her much. At least in the end she considered me as her friend... In the end. One day, same when I decided to ask her out, my mother called me, to tell me, that one of my friends died in car accident. I told her, that probably just joke and Photoshop of my friends, their often do shit like that... But it wasn't a bad joke. She was dead. My only light, that guided me through life. It obvious that I had depression after that. To make it shorter, 4 unsuccessful suicides. First one, was classic rope around neck. Second was three packs of strong painkillers, third was cutting veins (missed... I think), and last one rope again. I keeped it all in secret from my family. One time I opened to my mother, and she helped me, at least that was what I thought back then. I was better... for some time. Now I graduated to new school, have new environment etc. It's destroying me mentally. I can't take it, I often stab my neck with hand, so I won't explode with emotions hidden inside me so far. Pain let me... control myself. So few days ago I again asked my mother for help. Firstly she made laugh of my electronics addiction (I don't have one, I just have one close friend and often write to him while doing other stuff, so seeing me with phone is not rare), then when I finally sayed, that I need a real therapy, she talked with me like back then. Then I realized something. She wasn't talking for my mental health, she was talking with me, to make me stop thinking about it, and asking her for help. She forgot about whole thing next day, leaving me alone with my thoughts.




I probably made huge holes in story, and also my English isn't that good when im writing. I know that few if not most situation are my fault. I hate myself, for doing that, yet still I want someone to notice and help me...