You know what’s funny? There are planes flying right now that are completely full of people, who are from all different places with all different close contacts who either don’t have to get tested for COVID or get their results back after the flight yet I’m not only not in school five days a week, but not in school period despite the fact that when I’m in school I’m with the same people daily and we all live in the same town with similar close contacts.

If that doesn’t tell you that society doesn’t give a shit about our generation I don’t know what does because I know that most of you are in the same boat as me.

So today our superintendent delayed our return to hybrid school (two days a week) from January 19th to February 1st. The last time they did this they delayed it from January 4th to January 19th, and that was their Christmas present to us.

So when they delayed school last time, I went into doomer mode because knew that they were lying to us again. I told myself that they’d just keep delaying it two weeks until the end of the school year. They’d delay it two weeks the week before we were supposed to go back (which is three weeks before the new first day) and tell us “it’s next time for sure” then the next week (two weeks before the first day) they’d say that it was tentative so that they could say “we warned you”, and then the week before the first day they’d yank back the fishing rod and delay it two more weeks saying “oh this time is the one” and the cycle would repeat again.

That may sound incredibly negative and a shitty attitude to go about things, but guess what, I WAS ABSOLUTELY RIGHT DOWN TO THE GODDAMN DATE.

But instead of being extremely depressed about it like the last time they delayed the first day of school (and when they originally pulled the plug back in November) I feel absolutely nothing. I’ve been desensitized to the world after watching society collapse at the seams over literally only a ten month span. I’ll go on as normal, because we won’t go back to school this year, and once it’s May I’ll get a summer job and have that take the place of the social interaction that I usually get at school, because at the rate we’re going, when I start college in August or September it’ll still be the same bullshit as right now.

Now the school is trying to assure people that “this is it” by having a “school committee vote to return on February 1st” which obviously can easily be overturned at any moment. But just like last time, I’m not buying it and I call bullshit. Fuck these people for leading the town on by giving them false hope and then subsequently crushing it week after week and ignoring all of the major scientists who are saying that in person schooling is safe and letting thousands of kids suffer because of it.

And before any of you tell me that I’m being careless about COVID, first of all, I’ve followed all of the rules almost all of the time since March, and second of all, after all that we’ve seen in the last ten months, why should I give a shit about this putrid society that clearly doesn’t care about me?

🤡🌎