I'm afraid of my cousin Well, I'm the fifth out of seven cousins at my father's side of the family. Also it doesn't work beneficial to me that I'm transgender and mixed race between six straight white cisgender cousins (five males and one female I've sworn never talking to again). 

But well my biggest fear is the second oldest cousin. Here is a short description of him: he is almost two metres tall, blonde hair (probably early balding 💀), blue eyes and has a beginning dad body at age 21. Well it started at my birth he was pretty normal and acted like decent human being, but when he started going to puberty everything changed he started  bullying me and I really started to get crazy because of him. But when I reached the age of ten he started to act normal and even decent again.

But more it started to get back downwards when his parents divorced. His mother really fears him he calls her mean names and wakes her up midnight after going out, but gladly she got protect by his younger brother and his girlfriend. He had also had a lot of girlfriends before and his current one is the best of them, because she can handle him and his disrespectful behaviour eventhough he is sometimes sexist towards her and actually like her and hope she teaches him some lessons.

He is one of the much main reasons I never go to birthday parties again. The first time he saw me after I came out as trans he started acting straight up creepy and controlling (like always) towards me and got kinda mad about the fact that there was a man in my life at that time. He wanted to know everything about him and even read our conversations about sleeping and hiking... And started talking about things I should go to horny jail for while mentioning here. The last time I saw him he was with his girlfriend and his younger brother at my grandpa's house, he didn't a lot of stupid things, but I was still kinda mad about the facts that he shared my and his brother's baby photos with his girlfriend. 

Do y'all have any ideas what I should do with this situation, when I move out over a less than a half year and start transitioning further?