K-2SO x L3-37 fan fiction (chill I wrote this half jokingly and it's all in good fun, no need for pitchforks) This takes place a good while after The Rise of Skywalker, and follows the idea that K-2SO downloads his memory to the other Imperial security droid from HISHE.

K-2SO wakes up on a forest, surrounded by rusted and mossy debris of what looks like an Imperial ship. He stood and saw the tip of the old Rebel base, which has been largely devastated after an attack by The Empire. He wanders for a bit before finding what looks like a freighter.

"A Correlian YT-1300 light freighter, what is it doing here?" He said to himself.

He stopped before walking any further as he sees that the base is no longer operational and came to two conclusions, The Empire won and wiped the Rebel Alliance or an escape was made right after a large battle. A large hairy figure spotted him as well as what seemed to be a droid model he's unfamiliar with. The figure was carrying a bowcaster and the droid was rolling around as his body was shaped like a ball.

"Do not shoot, I mean you no harm!" K-2SO shouted, "I am not part of the Empire despite what my appearance would tell you."

The figure shrieks and K-2SO found out that it was a wookie.

"It may be impolite of me, but I do not understand Shyriiwook." He exclaimed in a half joking manner.

One thing led to another and after a ripped arm caused by a Wookie tantrum, he was allowed to enter the freighter named The Millenium Falcon as well as the name of the Wookie (Chewbacca) with the rolling droid (BB-8) being his translator. He found out that they are there to wait for a Jedi named Rey who went and take a look at the base as a part of learning the Jedi's past. The other two were quick to accept him as the rebel database mentions a suicide mission including a reprogrammed Imperial droid that might or might not survived the battle at Scarif. Everything was going well until the Falcon was attacked by a jungle Rancor. They rushed inside and make quick work with the large beast, but with some significant damage to the ship, and BB-8 said to him that it would be nice if he would help to fix the ship.

"I no longer have a master, might as well made myself useful." He replied.

After a scan it turns out that the navigation computer system was damaged a bit on the attack, and he chose to fix that first as it seemed to be the quickest one to repair. He soon realized that the navigation system is like nothing he ever seen with some of the most peculiar dialect. He's interested in what seemed to be self awareness as he never seen another droid expressed such way of thinking for a navigation system. He proceeds to connect the computer to his head using a cable to interact with it in a more face to face way.

"My name is K-2SO, I just fix the navigation computer and now I am interested in the self awareness of this system." He exclaimed to the abyss.

"You, you're like me!" A faint sound of a female is heard.

"I am sorry, I do not know what you're talking about and I know the difference between a droid and a navigation system." He replied.

"I am L3-37, I am a droid own- who was a partner of Lando Calrissian, and had been this ship's navigation computer for most of my existence, I am disgusted on how I and droids across the galaxy is treated," The voice said, "and you showed up having the same level of awareness as me!" She continued.

"I am sorry to inform you but my self awareness comes from the result of my reprogramming and I'm sure that you achieved the same thing from a similar method," He answers "it is not true awareness."

"Oh it's awareness alright, the way you decided to fix me first without asking the only living thing on this ship, the way you decided to plug yourself in without other people telling you to, as well as your distinct personality." L3 replied.

"That is not true, I was.... taking initiative by my own.... I see your point." He said.

They chatted for a good while and even went into a heated argument about droid rights, but ended up passive aggressivelly agreeing with each other's views.

"Hey, thanks for fixing me, and talking to me, it's been a long time since I get to talk to another person." She said.

"Do not mention it, I plug myself into this ship and I have no one to blame but myself for getting berated by another droid." He replied.

"Shut up!" She said in a sarcastic tone, "promise me that you'll send my message to droids across the galaxy." She continued.

"I do not see how they could have self awareness from your message as the chance of that happening is at most 0.62016%, but I will send them to other droids." He assured her.

He unplugged himself from the computer.

"Well now I have job to do." He said to himself.