Since Christmas has just come I'm sure we are all doing our share of online shopping, so here is a referral to use a browser extension that will save/earn us both money Hey, first off, I know this is a pretty off-topic post for this sub. I didn't see anything about it in the rules, but just delete it if you'd rather it be gone. 

Hi all, I'm a broke college student so this might come off as a bit of a pitch. But I downloaded this extension called Rakuten for Black Friday and it got me almost $100 cash back on $500 worth of purchases. You just install the extension like Honey or AdBlocker, then click the button to activate it whenever you go to do online shopping. There's a $10 welcome bonus and [this link](https://www.rakuten.com/r/MILLER22204?eeid=28187) can get either of us an additional $20 back on first purchase of $20 or more. The cash back percentage varies by brand/manufacturer, I've seen it range from 1-20%, including 15% rebate site-wide for Lenovo which do make great PC products. (I bought the Y27q-20 monitor for instance.) 

I wouldn't have posted this except I just had the money confirmed deposited in my bank account today (supposed to be one or two days after but I honestly forgot about it 'till now), so I feel comfortable testifying that it is reliable. They also have an option to look up a previous order if you somehow mess up and don't activate the extension at time of purchase. In fact I might even recommend this most of the time if you are combining with other coupons because if you use that form they ask specifically for the subtotal. I'm sure they collect and sell your purchase data, so if you have qualms about privacy don't use it. But hey, chances are this already happens to you, so if I and one person reading this each make $20, I reckon it would have been pretty worth it.

I know posts like this come off as suspicious most of the time, but hopefully you can at least tell that I'm a human writing this. And Rakuten is pretty well-established at this point, so I don't expect you to believe me. Probably you all can make some money for yourselves as well, not just by using your code but by showing it to your less tech-literate family members (I will definitely do that when I get back to my hometown for New Year's lol).

Anyway if you've read this far thanks a lot. Since I'm still technically a dependent I don't get any stimulus checks even though I live on my own in my college town and don't get help from family. COVID has me on a pretty tight budget so I guess you could say I'm kind of desperate lol.