Mods removed my post from r/nosleep twice so I figured I’d try here The Couple Who Won’t Leave My House 

-


When I woke up this morning, I was on my bed slumped over against my bedroom wall. My arms parallel to one another, facing away from my sides. My head also slumped over. Normally I would have found that weird, but I was too distracted by how great I felt. You’d think that after a nights sleep like that, I’d be in a lot of pain, but I’ve never felt better

I just brush it off as something I must have done in my sleep, and pick up my book. It’s a book about realization. It’s contains a lot of real stories about how  someone realized something about themselves and how it completely changed their lives. I really like it so far. I hope some day something like these stories will happen to me. 

And then I hear the front door open. My parents are back! They’ve been in a lot of emotional distress recently, so they went on a vacation... I think. They haven’t been talking to me for a while now, so I can only assume they went on this vacation because of me. As I head towards the stairs, I can hear them talking. Except it doesn’t sound like them... these aren’t my parents. 

I stop dead in my tracks. Part of me wants to go down there and tell them they’re in the wrong house. But what if they’re bad people? What if they try to hurt me? Instead, I double back and hide under my bed.



-




It’s been a couple of hours now, and they haven’t left. They’ve been coming in and out for the past couple of hours. Are they moving in? They eventually stop and, from what I can hear, start checking out each room in the house. They eventually get to mine. 

The door opens and I hear the lady gasp. 

“Is- is this it?” she asks. 

The room falls silent, but I can tell the man nods. 

I want to start crying but I tell myself, “*No Eliot, they’ll hear you!*”. They leave the room, closing the door behind them. I want to leave but I’m too scared. I’ll stay for now. They got to leave some time, right?



-



It’s been three days, and they haven’t left. All I’ve heard is them laughing, talking about how they want to spend the rest of their lives in this place. I’m starting to get angry. I’ve been under this bed for three days, and I don’t plan on spending another second here. I crawl out and head towards the stairs, when I see something in my parent’s room that catches my eye. 

It’s filled with boxes and framed photographs of the couple. But that wasn’t what caught my eye. My fathers gun, just sitting there on the dresser. I don’t know why, but I grab it and head downstairs to find the couple. 

Everything is so different now. There are tons of boxes stacked to the ceiling, just waiting to be opened. I stop at the bottom of the stairs, when I hear the couple talking in the living room. The lady says she found this framed picture in the basement and something about “this is what they looked like”? But I’m too angry to pay attention. 

When I arrive at the living room, the lady looks up at me, and screams. The man does the same. I look at both of them and ask,

“What are you doing in my home?”

They don’t respond. They look terrified. I wasn’t sure why, until I saw I was still holding the gun. I look back up at them and I realize they aren’t even looking at me, they’re looking at the gun. I wave it around and their eyes follow. 

They don’t even see me. 

This fills me with rage. And before I even realize it, I shoot the man. Two time in the chest, one in the neck. Blood splatters all over the lady’s face, as she screams and cries after watching her lover die. I shoot the lady until I’m out of bullets. 

I grab the picture they we’re looking at, and take a look. I notice my reflection right away. It’s been days since I’ve seen myself. I look normal, except I notice a dried blood stream on the left side of my cheek, and two holes on my temples. One roughly the size of a bullet.  And then I see the picture itself. 

It’s me. 

And it’s not the picture that surprises me, it’s the words above it. 

**”In memorial of Eliot Grayson”**