My family makes me miserable They are also all complete loons. First on the list is my narcissistic mom whom I love dearly except also hate. She gaslights you to think she never said something or what you think was true isn’t, and she gets the whole family to support her and bash me whenever we slightly disagree 
and I make her ‘feel bad’.

My dad who totally forgot I was his child when he met my stepmom, and now I haven’t gone to his house in years except when I feel nice. But that’s practically never because when I get there he destroys my things, makes me follow rules sorting my entire day, calls me an ungrateful brat every time he just sees me, or gets physically violent. He makes his 2 other children who are there stay home alone all day to take care of his THREE BABIES. And my stepmom just manipulates him and works him against me and my sister who he had with my mom.

But my sister- oh my sister she is not off the list. I’m rlly short and skinny fat, she’s tall and muscular so despite me being older she constantly hurts me when I do nothing at all. She never listens to what I say, or cares. She treats me like a baby who can’t do anything to stroke her own ego. She is a slob who covers our bathroom in messes and even after years of telling her to just clean up after herself “oh if you have such a problem with it clean it yourself” and she does nothing. I constantly have to clean up after her. She gets in trouble all the time, and steals yet blames it all on me. And she just sides with my mom and dad on everything because she cannot think for herself, even if she previously told me that she agreed with me. She gaslights just the same as my mom as well.

Finally the entire family as a whole, fk them. They judge and judge and judge everyone for being different at all. They judge when you make any mistake. You have to fit their strict box. And they are so old fashioned. Except my mom but she can be old fashioned if it benefits her. I constantly end up in disagreements with them because I don’t like just sitting and taking their crap, but when I get in disagreements it’s like I have the entire family against me. The aunt I really like they basically banished from the family. They try to act high and mighty but talk about her all the time like snot nosed high school btches. As a whole they constantly embarrass me by doing public stunts and getting in ridiculous fights with neighbors, I feel embarrassed to go outside and be seen because my mom and stepdad have ruined relations with like every family on our road. I’m just tired dude. At least I have my cat but jeez.

Sorry I just needed to rant, I don’t expect anyone to read this but it’s nice to have it all out like damn.