Posting evil facts about historical figures you love until I stop being a cynical asshole day 57: Elvis Presley The King of Rock and Roll, the Duckman, the guy who married you to that prostitute that one drunken night in Vegas, whatever you call him, you automatically know who I'm taking about: Elvis. His legendary singing and dancing make him an icon even today, but, if you read my shit, then you know that all icons have skeletons in their closet.

Elvis may have been a singer, but he had a real passion for acting. Particularly, the acting of James Dean. James Dean was the real shit in the early 1950's. Everyone wanted to be him, and those who didn't wanted to fuck him. He died very young, and Elvis believed that he was meant to take his place, and was obsessive about it. 

Elvis memorized Dean's most famous work "Rebel Without A Cause" cover to cover (so to speak). He even got some parts in films, and almost one in Westside Story, but he always complained that they were "too small for his talent." Truth is, that he kinda sucked at it.

There was one things that truly showed his obsession with Dean. When he was alive, there were rumors that Dean was in a sexual relationship with a man named Nick Adams. Well, let's just say that Elvis may have thought that to be James Dean, he would have to fuck like James Dean.

Despite this rumor, there is really no doubt that he was heterosexual. His wife knew this. I'm talking about the woman that had a 10 year age gap with him (she was 14 when they met, which was legal at the time).

Hey, how about a game? Think of any Elvis song. Literally any one, and I will read your mind.

Got one? Alright...

Elvis did not write that song.

Go ahead and Google it if you don't believe me.

See?

It was actually pretty simple. I simply knew this because Elvis did not write a single one of his songs. For example, "Hound Dog" was just a more hip version of a song that was already written years ago by someone else. Others were written specially for him.