I have questions :| Hey guys, gals, and non-binary pals :)

So I've always wondered this but never really asked anyone and an incident that happened during my Zoom class about an hour ago made me stop and think about these two questions. Also, I'm not *really* looking for an answer ig since the kids who do this probably won't answer lol but I'd love to hear your guys' opinions on these topics! 

So first off, why do so many teens think being rude and/or disrespectful to teachers or staff is cool? Yes, I know some teachers and staff members are rude and disrespectful, but there are lots of teachers who are honestly just doing their job. They're struggling just like we are and aren't doing anything wrong by calling you out if you do something bad. If you don't to be called out in class for messing around, here's a tip: dOn'T meSs aRoUnD. There have been so many times where classmates of mine are like, "oh that teacher is SOOO annoying!' or 'man, that teacher sucks! She got me in trouble, blah blah blah'. I just- I never understood it. 

The way I see it, they're the ones in charge of my grades and basically educational future so I should at least be nice to them, not just cuz I want my grades to be good, but because it's the morally right thing to do. ALSO: side note. Why is it weird to be nice to teachers? I've had instances where people are nice to teachers and the students call them the teacher's pet for talking to them a lot or sum. Why is being respectful and nice to teachers like, a thing to be made fun of? I know this is only a few people that do this but whyyyyyyyyyYYyYYYYYyYyYYY?!??!/1/11?

FINAL QUESTION: Why do soooo many people think being sleep-deprived is a flex lmao? When I was younger, people would be like 'oH, I slept at like, 1 in the morning and I got up at 6 so yeaaah I'm suuuUuuUper tired." Then another person would say, "Oh realLy, I slept at 2 so I got less sleep hahaHAhah' LIke... why? Why is being exhausted and sleep-deprived a flex or something to compete about lol?

K those are all ma questions. I don't expect answers, maybe just your experiences with these sort of things, your opinions and views on my questions, etc. 

Ok, that's all, bye :)