SOOO uh, I need some relationship advice So I’m in a relationship with a girl, it’s been on for about a month or two I think, and well she’s told me she loves me, I’ve told her I love her, while chabang, but there’s some things concerning me.

She’s in her kinda “emo” phase, and she has a great personality, other than the whole emo phase thing, and really I’m just waiting for her to grow out of it. I love who she is, but not how she’s acting, and I’m glad it’s just how she’s acting and not really who she is but when will this phase of hers end...

Also, she is a bit crazy. She makes homicidal comments, and threats often, and seems a tad obsessive, and gets angry pretty easily, and when she does it lasts a long time, and she just shuts down. Im pretty sure the homicidal shit is just part of the phase, and I hope to god it is, because if she truly is homicidal, I don’t know if I can be in a relationship with her. She’s pretty cute when she’s mad, but I just wish she would communicate when she is mad, because I AM trying to put in effort despite my difficulty with showing emotion, and having emotion. It’s really hard when I don’t even know why she’s mad though. 

Thirdly and finally; we don’t really get any chances to see each other outside of school and that is just a big dud on our relationship 

Gonna sound cliche and cheesy, but really it’s a case of heart vs. brain. My brain is telling me to end it, she’s homicidal (hopefully not actually), emo/alt girls usually annoy the fuck out of me (seriously waiting for that phase
of her’s to end), and really I’m just not sure what is happening with our relationship. My logic tells me to break up with her, but I just can’t. I want to, but I really don’t want to. My heart is telling me not to, even though it defies literally all logic, and to be honest, shits weird. I’ve made a point of basing my entire life around logical decisions, and have basically killed my emotions. Now I’m suddenly just unable to make the logical decision, and really it’s scary and confusing.

I just don’t know what to do, help me Reddit