SpongeBob is a god SpongeBobs combat capabilities and raw power are seemingly immeasurable and unbelievably powerful. Spongebob has the ability to absorb, reflect, and deflect any physical damage. He also has the ability to sever his own limbs and instantaneously regenerate his cells. He possesses the ability to change the configuration of his body so he could expand his body significantly or become microscopic.There’s a scene where Spongebob is shown to be sleeping inside of the sun unfazed and the core temperature of the sun is 15 million Celsius. This means that spongebob is at least 4383x stronger than tungsten as it’s melting point is 3422 Celsius. Spongebob is also shown to unravel the string of the universe itself. With the current evidence, spongebob is made of some foreign material that is compatible and able to edit the structure of any conceivable element in the whole universe, and is seemingly invincible being able to withstand the sun and only take damage from himself but shows instantaneous regeneration. The shape shifting ability of spongebob has not been tested however his instantaneous regeneration could prove him to create enough mass to cover the universe. It is also referenced that spongebob has connections with other dimensions. Spongebob even brought a two dimensional being into a three dimensional realm with his godly powers. To put it simply, Spongebob has immeasurable power. He can reconfigure or suffocate the universe if he wanted, and he is seemingly invincible. He is essentially a deity. His regeneration has not been tested, so in theory he could regenerate his cell mass faster than the expansion of the universe. His true power has yet to be tested however his potential power is seemingly unlimited. I believe SpongeBob is actually the god of Bikini Bottom. It seems that he has created Bikini Bottom for recreational uses or he has been reincarnated from a previous life where he is patiently waiting to attain his full power to crush the world. Spongebob is genuinely a monster absorbing the life energy of the universe preparing to crush the universe and has taken the form of a sponge, concealing his true identity, to prevent fighting not at his full power. Do not be surprised when Spongebob destroys the entire multi-verse when he recovers enough energy to reset reality by expanding his sponginess or creating a hypernova large enough to collapse reality itself.