My sister is being a real asshole to me (16 recently. My sister (22) is being a real asshole to me (16M) recently. I dont know if this is the right subreddit for this, but idk what else to do. She always acts like she is my parent and enforces so many rules on to me and always argues with me. Just yesterday, she kept arguing with me over small things, like when I was making tea she just had to start an argument that I wasnt allowed to use the sugar (And mind you I was just tired from school and couldn't handle anything else for the day). She turned this in to a full blown conversation where she started shouting and swearing at me because I was giving little response to her claims (I was allowed to make tea with sugar, so I just said I can make tea). 

Then she blamed all this arguing on me never having a conversation with her or whatever. She told me I was not taking this relationship 'seriously enough' and I responded that she was taking it 'too serious'. She might have been right about the conversation thing, but honestly, I think I dont like to talk a lot after school since I'm just tired and I am a teen and an introvert, while she has the exact opposite personality as me. So, I always answer any of her questions like what was you test like with it was good, or what did you do at school with the lessons I did that day. She says that I am the problem, even though I think she's trying to be way too involved in my life and always starts arguments with me. After she snapped yesterday, she started tatteltaling to my mom, everything I do. Which was impossible to deal with since I was trying to study for a test I have the next day (today). This ended in me going to sleep early, but before I went to sleep, she told me that I have to come to her tommorrow with a written statement or some dumb shit like that on what I will do 'to improve this relationship'. So that is where I'm at. I'm tired of her always being like this, but I dont know what to do. I feel like she should change, but when I told this to her, she was shocked that I hadn't noticed her change 'saying that she always used to tattletale and argue with me' but now she doesn't. I was just as shocked when she told me this, I feel like she hasn't changed one bit. 

Anyways, now I have to come to her with a written statement on what I should do tonight, which is where I need your guys help. I've never confessed anything like this before, but I don't know what to do.

TL;DR: My sister is being a real asshole, and now I need to come to her with a statement on what I should do to improve our relationship. Please help. Idk what to write or do

Edit: I probably won't be able to reply in a while cause I have class starting soon. And I'll probably delete this post tommorrow