Reasons why 2021 will be my year i have never made a "next year will be my year" post, i am just making this post for me, i dont expect anything from this, i am simply doing this so i have something to look back to next year if i lose focus or self esteem.

2021 is going to be a very busy year for me, it will be my Final year of high school. i will be studying hard for the HSC, i have chosen to do legal studies, business studies, SLR (Sport, Lifestyle and recreation), Modern History and English Studies. my favourite subject is Legal studies since i learn about the law, and i would like to become a police officer after high school, that is my dream job. i have wanted to be a police officer ever since i was a little kid.

i have recently just got back to practising Martial Arts after Covid lockdown and restrictions were lifted, and i have been able to catch up pretty quickly to those who were still practising in person and virtually (via zoom and instagram live), i have not been able to attend training seesions virtually due to my ISP cutting my internet connection due to my mum not being able to pay bills during the covid lockdown. but things have been slowly getting better for us in the past few months.

2021 has a lot of opportunites for me in the martial arts community. i am applying to the ATA legacy program (which is an instructor training program so i could possibly become an instructor and in the future possibly start my own taekwondo dojang). i am also planning to compete in every compettition i possibly can in order to be invited to compete in ATA worlds in 2022.

even though 2020 has been a horrible year, a year full of disasters, the year where i lost all my close friends, a year full of suicidal thoughts and bad depression days. i am still optimistic about my future, i am ready to tackle every goddamn challenge life is gonna throw at me. i am ready to tackle the HSC, i am not getting an ATAR coz fuck that. but i am ready to finish my school carrer and i am ready to take the next step in my martial arts career and become a martial arts instructor.

TLDR; 2021 is going to be my year because i will be completing my HSC and competing more in taekwondo.

Fuck 2020, and Life gets better trust me