Ten Month's Time, a poem by yours truly. Hey guys! I based this loosely on my time in middle school. I'm a freshman now, so I thought it'd be cool to reflect on my past. Most of what occurs in the poem happened in real life, but still take every word with a grain of salt. It had its ups and downs but I'm glad I got to experience it, and I hope you like the poem. Also, sorry if it seems a bit overlong, a had a lot of my life to filter into ten stanzas.

**In Ten Months' Time**

He was sitting there alone in the August morning light,  
Moved by sympathy, I approached, asking his name,  
I saw in his eyes an otherwise unexpressed loneliness,  
My companions and I welcomed him with open arms,  
From that moment, our lives would never be the same.

Three of us were talking on a autumn day of September,  
Meanwhile, the masses formed around a pair of men,  
An fearsome enemy had harmed our missing member,  
I confronted the attacker and managed to emerge victor,  
The defeated showed his remorse and all was forgiven.

The early hours of All Hallow's were lost in anticipation,  
We four planned and schemed, eagerly awaiting sunset,  
Once the night fell, we departed in search of delicacies,  
A flirtatious run-in even occurring with a certain maiden,  
Upon my return, I meditated on a night well spent.

Before the days of winter, I invited them for a night stay,  
One filled with any entertainment we could conjure,  
Late was the hour at which we confessed our secrets,  
Never were we to repeat them, lest we be cast into exile,  
Even so, that night, a peace of mind soothed my slumber.

At December's end, rumors of a grand ball began to form,  
All our efforts to be noticed went unnoticed by most,  
But a certain maiden saw promise, and we took to the floor,  
Whereas my companions soon found partners of their own,  
We danced away, at last having right and reason to boast.

Sometime in January, he requested that we speak privately,  
His father had moved up in rank; far away would it take him,  
Sadness followed shock, I found myself to be speechless,  
He made me swear to keep it secret, and swear it I did,  
Never to speak of it to anyone, even and especially them.

On the day of hearts, I was bestowed something odd,  
Something apparently containing a certain sweet,  
A certain maiden simply wished to show her gratitude,  
I expressed my own, having never received such a gift,  
I was head over heels, not caring enough to be discreet,

A voyage of epic proportions presented itself in Eastertide,  
Bound for a great metropolis, a grand and sprawling city,  
For hours we traversed and explored, till the day began to fade,  
On the return journey, a certain maiden shared her love for me,  
I returned the gesture, with it came a warm feeling, a kind a spring.

By April's middle, many argued that a celebration was in order,  
We discussed the forthcoming summer, anticipating the ceremony,  
A slip of the tongue came and went, leaving his secret revealed,  
As the festivities began, I hastily followed him into the scene,  
I apologized, he forgave, and we joined in the chaotic symphony.

Our last day together came before the wild, free days of summer,  
We sat side by side, recalling the pleasant and unpleasant times,  
One by one we then departed, before reuniting for one last ride,  
Those hours, few and brief, were spent with great companions,  
A parting of ways was inevitable, but our paths may once again intertwine.