To everyone who thinks racism only happens to blsck people Ok so a little context: im an american singaporean and i live in singapore. (Btw sorry if i make any spelling errors, my giant fingers prevent me from typing properly) here in singapore, they government doesnt really tolerate racism, like in our nation's pledge theres  stuff abt equality. A lot of racism or hurtful talk abt my being american occurs at school usually. Im allowed to go to local schools cus im part singaporean, so most of my classmates are singaporeans.

So there are a few cases where ive been hated on cus im half american. (Im obviously not gonna include jokes, those are just poking fun we do that sometimes)

So the time i hated this the most was when a classmate in primary school came up with a lie abt some american he met while playing minecraft and tried to link it to me, which he did successfully somehow (idk lol my classmates were idiots). Anyways, he claimed there was a guy he met while playing minecraft who was being racist and specifically saying, "I HATE SINGAPOREANS THEY ARE THE WORST. ALSO IM AMERICAN". Like im not joking, thats literally what my classmate claimed the guy he met online said. Im not denying that it was true, but really thats just way too specific. But moving on, that somehiw managed to get most of the class angry at me cus "all americans are racist" like dude. First of all, that was an obvious lie.
Second, even if it wasnt, i was in no way connected to that guy and its unfair for people to draw the conclusion that i was a racist.

Ok so this is a more general kind of disrespect: stereotypes. Ik that every country has a stereotype nobody likes, and people sometimes use them jokingly, but idc if its a joke, stereotypes shoudlnt be followed. As an asian american, i typically get taunted with "asians are smart" and "americans are fat asses" stereotypes. For the fat one, as someone who is EXTREMELY concious about my looks and body, i found it offensive that i have to live almost everyday at school getting called fat. I have told my classmates, the main source of this bullying, to knock it off, but every morning when i get to school im hit with about 50 of them. Personally, the smart stereotypes dont bother me too much, but there have been times when i just felt horrible because of them. Im not the sharpest tool in the shed and often dont do well in my exams, so whenever i tell anyone who isnt a fellow singaporean about my results, i get screamed at cause "asians are supposed to be smart af and always do well". IF IM NOT DOING WELL DONT EXPECT ME TO DO BETTER BY YELLING AT ME TO BE SMART LIKE MY FELLOW ASIANS. IT DOESNT HELP YOU GOD DAMN IDIOTS.

I dont mean to drive attention away from anti-black racism (racism against black people), but i feel like as someone who has been hated on cus of what i look like, i wanted to talk abt this and reinforce the idea that any racism at all is horrible and shouldnt go on

Ok ive ranted long enuf. If any of this confuses u just dm ill answer any qns lol.