Rant about my 𝓿𝓮𝓻𝓫𝓪𝓵𝓵𝔂 𝓪𝓫𝓾𝓼𝓲𝓿𝓮 𝓶𝓸𝓽𝓱𝓮𝓻 So this is probably gonna end up being rly long but I must rant

So I'm your average 15 year old lesbian with a homophobic mother. She has been shaming me in subtle ways (like saying how corrupted the LGBT community is.) She also yells at me a lot. And insults me. Here's a list of stories vvv

So one time in 8th grade I was pretty depressed and a weird "edgy" kid. I had a really nice friend group (around 4-5 people) and I was pretty happy with them. Well my mom thought I was a loser because none of my friends are "popular." So she literally had a sit-down talk with me about how I was a loser in school.

Another time in 8th grade I had to do a stupid "describe yourself" projects. So I needed some adjectives for myself and the words my mom gave me were "lethargic, lazy, selfish." That story really sticks with me and I hate it

One time on mother's day I spent the day with my grandma and came back with flowers and chocolate for my mom. She was pretty pissed off with me that I didn't spend the day with her. So she yelled at me which made me cry. When she saw me crying she started to harass me, trying to get me to say what's bothering me. I was practically screaming at her to leave me the alone and that I need space but she didn't give me that. Instead she just took my phone until I talked with her. When I started saying that I was tired of her yelling and not giving me space she just blamed it all on me and said I was selfish like my father.

Another story is when I was building a chicken coop. So she woke me up by yelling at me and I was hella confused. Put me in a bad mood the rest of the day. She continued to yell at me until I just hid in my room. Then, after that, she called me lazy and manipulative because I was "making my stepdad do all the work on the chicken coop."
Later that day she made me talk about why I was crying. Again, I told her I was sick and tired of her yelling. She asked me to give an example and I couldn't think of one, which made me have a breakdown because I just "proved her point." She told me that if I don't want to live with her, I can move in with my father and she'd know that I "can't handle responsibility."

She constantly tells me that I'm not an efficient worked and I'll get fired from any job I'll apply to (I've never applied for a job because I'm horribly anxious)

My mother has also told me that I should never be in a relationship/have sex/get married/adopt children because I'm gay. 

I've been called a disappointment because I'm not religious.

At this point, I can't fucking take it anymore. I've tried writing to cope, which she just told me was stupid. So then I swapped to cutting... I don't cut anymore. But now I really want a new coping mechanism. I'm scared I might get into drugs or alcohol because that all that seems to make me feel better. (I've only tried alcohol but part of me wants to do drugs)

I don't even really get sad anymore when she yells at me, but lately I've been having depressive mood swings again. She yells at me that I never listen, when in reality I just can't take it seriously anymore

I don't know what to do. I've obviously tried talking with her before, in which only leads to me being blamed
I've spoken with my stepdad but he doesn't do anything
And my father is a drug addict and alcoholic so I don't want to live with him.