my notes app rant or dump from the heart about my first kiss maybe this is embarrassing. i just want to put it here for some reason. say what you will, opinions, idk. in a very bad spot right now feeling very alone. here are my overshared feelings for someone i care for a little too much



i know you’re sorry about all this
because even though it goes unsaid we both know what ur doing to me.

and neither one of us can do anything about it because you’ll always have a little part of me now.
so i guess i’m sorry in a way for putting that burden on you.
i feel like if i would have taken the time to think about the way i am, i never would have gone through with anything and i’m not sure if that would have been a good thing or not.
because with me, there’s no “just for fun” or “getting it over with,” i’m always going to fall in love.

i allowed myself to be vulnerable with you. you’ve seen every piece of me and that’s something i’ll never get back. i know you know that.

and i know that you understand. i know you know that the second you touched me you would have me forever. and i know that maybe a little part of you probably feels bad every time you think of me while you’re with somebody else. i know that you probably don’t think of me every time you hear lana del rey the  same way that i think of you when i hear that one fucking  song. i know your mind probably doesn’t travel to the way i lied there and the way you just held me or the way we laughed when i did something terribly wrong. but i like to think that it does.

i have nothing right now. my friends are gone; my family was never there. and maybe i sought you out to fill up that emptiness. maybe it’s why i rely on you so much. maybe you know that, too.

it doesn’t matter what happens or what i hear, not a minute goes by that i’m not thinking about you, wishing i was with you, wishing i hadn’t held back from you so much, adding to my mental list of everything i want to say and do the next time i see you, if i ever do.

i guess what i’m trying to say is that i hope you mean it every time you tell me you miss me.

because i miss you. i miss your lips and i miss your hands and i miss your hair, i miss your touch and your words and your smile and your laugh. i miss your smell that i’m starting to notice everywhere i go. 

i miss you, despite your lies and your pretending, even if you’re just using me, i miss you, because you’re all i have right now. maybe ur just using me for my body but at least it’s something.

it scares me the control you have over me and my emotions. i know that i can feel all of this right now, but the second i see your name pop up on my screen i’ll be okay again. you’re so lucky. because you have the option of switching it on and off, while i’ll remember every detail forever.