I GOT OUT OF THE FRIENDZONE!!! After a long-lasting, incredibly strong internet friendship, i met with my male best friend for the first time irl. He came to visit me in Vienna, where i always spend my summers, while he lives in Germany. I knew i had feelings for him for a longer time, but always though i didn’t stand a chance, as he kept telling me about his crushes, so i did the same and told him about random boys from my school who i used to have a crush on/i wanted to have a crush on because i felt that it was hopeless with him. In Vienna it was really difficult for me to keep a distance, as my feelings practically overflowed and i knew i was falling for him. In addition to that we always decided to prank people that we were in a relationship and pretending that i was his girlfriend made me really sad because i wished that it would really be that way.
          A few days into his visit, he went into a mental low within seconds- i noticed and asked what was going on, but he said he couldn’t tell me, stating that he might have done something that would destroy a friendship, but that he couldn’t give me any details. I found it strange, considering that we would talk about ANYTHING, and it pulled me down a bit as i couldn’t find a way to help him without knowing what the hell happened.
         The day after that we returned home from downtown and we lay on the couch to watch a youtube video. I don’t even know how i got the courage, but i slowly put my hand on his- i mean over half an hour lol- and it felt right... Internally I was panicking because i didn’t know what it meant or how things will go on, but -SADLY- my mom came in(🙄) and we went out again. 
        In the time we were in town we were both apparently panicking internally and didnt talk about what happened, as we had no idea what the other person was thinking. However that evening we watched a movie and he „offered“ me to take his hand. After the movie we listened to music and cuddled, and he told me he had feelings for me too- he literally typed it on google docs(❤️).
      End of story, he is my boyfriend and i love him more than anything, i hate every cursed kilometer between us and can‘t wait to see him again❤️- ich liebe dich u/LaserLauKon