My best friend just got transferred. Hey, everybody. This is my first time posting in this subreddit and I'm not sure if it fits, but I'm gonna post it anyway. Hopefully someone replies.
Also, English isn't my first language, so please bear with me.

So, well. Reading the title may make you think this isn't a big deal. But read the complete post before thinking that.
 
I am an introvert and have very bad social skills. I was a loner in high school, and had no friends in school. I wanted to have friends, have that "normalcy" that comes from being a teenager. But none of that happened. I was an outcast because of my scary looks and my general bad social skills. Then, in 7th grade, I met my first ever friend. We'll call them Ray.

Ray was exactly like me, had minimal social skills and was an introvert as well. But we instantly hit it off as we both played Minecraft on survival servers ( this was 2013 ). By talking to Ray and hanging over his house, I was able to improve my social skills slowly but surely, talking to his parents and him. I started making other friends, though not as close as I and Ray are. 

In 11th grade, depression hit me. I don't know if it was caused by my countrys shitty education system, or further bullying, or cram school, or all of the above. But I do know that depression hit bad. However, Ray was there to help me through that.
 He told me he did nothing, but I seriously cannot thank him enough for just being my friend during those times.

This year has been the worst year of a lot of peoples lives, but the icing on the cake was that today Ray told me that his dad got transferred. I was already quite depressed but this put me down even more. 

Even though I know we'll try, I know for a fact I'll never see him again. We're both going to different universities and are going to be trying to get into universities in different countries.

I just feel sad and worse than ever before. I know we can still keep in touch, but we'll not be as close as we were before. I have effectively lost my only friend.
I don't know if I'll have any friends from here on now. 
I feel like crying, genuinely.

Thanks for reading..