William E moore and the kidnapping case. Not sure where to post This happened a few months ago whilst surfing trying to find something; I came across a FBI report publicly released in 1980 or so. William E Moore was on the case of a chain of dissaperance of multiple children in idaho. In the FBI report, William knows the bodies were found in the woods. The woods were in a 100 mile to everything. On the night of the 3rd body being discovered, agent moore was promptly called in and flew out the next morning. It is unclear where Moore lived before flying out. He had one kid and a wife. Listen, this is where it gets interested. He after weeks had a real suspect, I'm not sure what the suspect was based on. Anyways, William needed consent to search the phone and residence. William asked the suspect for search of the phone. Suspect agreed, and he found various texts, but that wasn't evidence. Below is texts taken from the report:  


Suspect: did you do it yet ? (Day of the kidnap)  


 man: yes i did. I need you to cover for me now.  


suspect; of course. thank you.

&amp;#x200B;

The other man is untraceable, he used a disposable cell, broke it for extra insurance that it wouldnt be tracked. Agent moore  asked the agency for a warrant to search the premises, and came back the next day. \*\*The house was empty.\*\* No furniture, No tv, no people, no food. Empty. All gone.  


Moore began the search, for fingerprints, dna, semen and anything useful for the investigation. The agency now had multiple agents working the case.  
This is where things get sketchy.

The next day after the suspects dissaperance, they trace his cell, to the last pinged location which is a farm about an hour away from his house, they arrive and find a barn, in the middle of the field, no other buildings. They go in, empty.  Apart from hay, and fence, empty. There was one thing though- The phone.

Moore is now working hard to find the man, no avail.   


Moore dissapears. Yes, he is now gone aswell. Credit cards? Cancelled, phone? cancelled, anything related to him? CANCELLED.  


Moore is now gone, suspected hes been kidnapped. His report is the only thing left. Half done by him and others. Look him up on google, William E moore dissaperance; nothing, William e moore, facebook pages not related to him. Hes gone. Hes still missing. No trace. Nobody knows what happens

&amp;#x200B;

MY THEORY:  


he found very bad things, and retired but couldnt finish, so he fled the country with his knowledge of disapperance.  


2. He was paid to leave  


3. He was kidnapped, and was forced to dissapear.

&amp;#x200B;

sorry this doesnt fit, but i dont know where to put it