I'm going to lose my first ever cat. I'll apologise in advance for the long post, but please, bear with me.


I'm a 14 year old child who is about to lose his cat.

I've had this beloved female cat since she was a little kitty. My mother's coworker's cat had babies and they decided to give them away. That's how I got Cindy. I've lived with her for about 1 and a half years, not sure about the exact age but somewhere there. Right now, my mother is taking free lessons so she can get a degree and find a job, since she lost her job. Because of that, she doesn't have money to keep feeding us and stuff so we went to my grandparents' house since they have what we need to love a comfortable life for the time being and my father is living with them because him and my mother are divorced.


Because my mother is studying for the degree and we're not home, our cat has started being sad and she has lost a little fur on a spot because of a fungus
(it's the direct translation as I don't know the word, but I'm pretty sure that's not what it is so, sorry). My mother comes every now and then to refill Cindy's food and water bowls of course, but she is still alone. It's almost guaranteed at this point that my mother will give Cindy away. She can't keep living alone painfully like this. I hated that idea, the fact that somebody else will have my cat since I'm selfish. I tried talking to my grandmother and father just in case there's a tiny chance that they could take her in (because they both dislike animals) and I had stuff to say that could've changed their minds. I asked my father if he had at most 5 minutes (because he said he had to leave and he said yes). So we sat down and I began with telling them if we could have the cat live here and they immediately both started shouting saying "no way" and "absolutely not" and bs like that and I said "you're not even going to let me say what I have to say?" and they continued shouting and my father said "that's what you wanted me for?" and I left with tears in my eyes but tried to keep them in and locked myself in my room since my mother and brother had told me not to cry in front of them. My mother had warned me that they'd get mad but I didn't expect them to act this way. 


I started crying like never before and I genuinely wanted to end my life when I imagined that my cat would be either alone or going away but I knew that I'm only a coward and I could never have the strength to do it, so I "ran away" from home after I stopped crying as much. My brother started calling me and I rejected his calls and I messaged him with data and told him to shut up and leave me alone all he needed to know is that I would come back. I sat down at the park outside to calm down a little and after about half an hour I came back. I messaged my brother to open the door for me and he came alone. I was expecting my grandmother to come (because she had always spoiled me but I guess that was all bs in the end) but deep inside I knew that I was hoping she wouldn't come. I'm now inside my room not knowing what to do, because if she stays home she'll only suffer and if she goes away I'll hate the people who will take her in because I'm a selfish ahole. My mother said that if she manages to find a highly paid job, we might get Cindy back after we give her away but I am so scared that I might lose her, I love her with all my heart and right now she is suffering all alone so giving her away is the best thing to do... I'm so mad that they would say no without hearing me out and they said "it's your mother's cat why doesn't she take care of her"... My grandmother said that without even letting me tell her the reason why... 



I'm sorry you had to read all of this if you reached until the end. Thank you for spending some of your time to read this because this was long and boring since its my first serious post. Feel free to roast me down in the comments for making a cat suffer, I deserve it. Just know that she will get a home soon. The only way I accept losing my cat is from old age but there's nothing I can do. Also, I know that I treated my brother harshly, but I did that because I knew that my grandmother told him that I wasn't in my room.