I feel like crap right now and need advice Okay, so for this story the individual is "E"

Context:
So I was on Playstation with my buddies about 11 days ago, honestly just having a blast. Our youngest in the group (14) mentioned he had a sister. It's a running joke between all of us that I ask about basically any female's age and if they're hot. To my surpirse she actually was! I was in the bathroom going pee and all of a sudden my phone starts blowing up. "Yo yo get in the party right now, there's a girl who's into you!". I honestly thought it was a joke for one of em to actually see my face. I sent the photo not thinking of it, because we've been playing a while and he's chill. I get in the party about 10 minutes later and there was actually someone into me! The conversation was really awkward and we texted eachother about how bad it was, pretending to be intrested in the party. She's pretty hot btw. So basically for 8 days now we just talk, when she's at school, she'll send pictures in the bathroom mirror and show me how dead it is at work. Honestly we just been vibin'.



Delima:
So "E" (18 in Jan) and I (17 in May) have been talking for about 18 hours a day. We've never actually met but she sends pictures a lot. We made an agreement that since we live in different states, we shouldn't be afraid to say anything to eachother. Honestly it worked out TOO good. She mentioned that she wants someone with a mix of same and different intrests, and it just so happend we were into the same stuff in bed but had a different taste in memes, music, etc. Neither of us had ever been in a relationship and I thought it was going really well. Until last night... You see she happend to mention that when she turns 18 she would go alt asthetic (goth kinda but softer) and get a septim. Huge op out for me. So I came clean. I said I had feelings but that because of that I didn't anymore. After that I felt like an asshole for judgeing her on her personal choice. I then attempted to friendzone her. It didn't work. She said she wasn't into me, but that it was a bummer that I wasn't into her anymore. Was she just looking for attention? Her breast size came up and it happend to be my favorite size (coiencidence?). I was still going with the "let's just be friends" and she wasn't having it. I know she's bad with words but she literally said "You sure you really wanna drop this? I wanted to see where this goes." but how can she not like me but might in the future if she already made her mind? So I brought up the alt asthetic thing again and she said that it wasn't guranteed but it was the day before? Honestly, I broke and we are right back where we were yesterday. I felt like I made her emotionally distraught for no reason but my friend said I should drop her for being manipulative and trying to make me stay. He is the one that hooked us up btw.



Everyone's input is greatly appreciated and thank you in advance