I'm very confused about a crazy long and complicated situation. I'm not an avid redditor so I apologize in advance if this isn't the norm

Let me give some context first: A while ago, I really liked this girl from my school. Almost to the point to it became creepy and obsessive since I'd think of her 24/7, so I decided that it was better to just stop liking her. Although me and her are okay friends and I've helped her through some stuff, we never were big out-of-school friends, if that makes sense. My friends would always ship me and her and give me like 100 reasons why she would like me, but I never believed it. Eventually I put me liking her in the background and I focused on studies. But recently that all changed, and I'm more confused than ever before.

Recently, I came back to socials after disappearing off the internet during winter break. I was added back to my friend circles groupchat (after I messed up everything) and it was all fine. We all talked about homework, school, and other stuff, and it was nice. However I noticed that everyone that originally unfriended me friended me back, except for this girl (let's call her Mia). I just assumed that Mia wasn't on her phone, because she's almost never online during the day, but she'd text the groupchat somewhat regularly.

Anyways, fast forward a week or two and I'm in a call with my 3 closest friends. We recently got CrewLink on Among Us and wanted to play again, so I create the lobby and send the code to the groupchat (containing Mia). We play a few games, my friend's stupid little brother almost leaks my address in a public lobby, it's all good. Then someone named "slim thicc" joined. Me and my friends didn't think anything of it, just another random joining our lobby. We play for a few games until everyone in our lobby leaves except for my 2 friends (excluding one since he had to sleep) and slim thicc. 

Then my friends, being the awesome people they are, start shipping me with slim thicc, but they do that all the time so I thought nothing of it. Then, they started saying my personal details to hype me up, like how I'm a musician or how I like coding or whatnot, and then slim thicc starts guessing what we are like. One of my friends texts the groupchat of me and slimthicc flirting or something (important later)

This is where it gets freaky. slim thicc somehow EXACTLY pinpointed all our hobbies, all our ethnicities, which city we are in, all our heights, our preferences, EVERYTHING. At this point, we were trying to figure out how. slim thiccs reasoning was that they "liked to freak people out". A very Mia thing to say. The way slim thicc talked was remniscent of Mia too. Even the name "slim thicc" is something Mia would put. Me and my friends decipher that slim thicc is indeed Mia, but slim thicc still doesn't say anything. Eventually, slim thicc tells us about herself. All the information she gave to us was A LOT like Mia, like, very similar. But, because we are so confused on finding out who slim thicc is, she gets bored and leaves.

However, if we rewind a bit to when we are getting a little freaked out, my friend messages Mia directly and asks her if shes playing Among Us. While they are texting, slim thicc isn't talking whatsoever. Hmmm, strange. But it's whatever, Mia is doing her math homework. But then I realize:

"Wait! My schools math teacher always assigns homework, and it's always due the day of at midnight! But it's 1:00 AM!". I tell my friends and we try to 'catch' Mia in the act by saying math hw or something but then thats when slim thicc gets extremely bored and leaves.

Anyways, like 10 seconds after everyone leaves the Among Us lobby, Mia coincidentally messages the group chat. We tell Mia about the whole slim thicc situation, and it's really weird the way she responded to it. 

It sounded like she was only talking to me, and she kept asking me about things like if we flirted, how it went between me and slim thicc, who slim thicc was, and then she started telling me to date her and asking me if I would.

The thing is at this point, you can just believe that slim thicc WAS Mia, but here's where it gets wacky dacky. Back when Mia said she was doing math homework, SHE WAS doing her math homework. She sent a picture of turning it in AT 1:30, and proceeded to tell us that she can just turn it in whenever she wants and that if we wanted to make sure 100%, we could just ask her best friend (which we don't mess with, she's scary, she's an apex predator).

This is why I'm extremely confused. 

If Mia did end up liking me and played slim thicc, that would be a clever way to see if I like her back. I should steal that. BUT, why would she like me? I simped for her a few times and was nice I guess, and our friendship is cool, but nowhere near the chance of her falling for me.

If Mia DIDN'T play slim thicc, then I'm more confused at the fact of her asking me about slim thicc and... you know... A RANDOM STRANGER KNOWING EVERYTHING ABOUT ME AND MY FRIENDS!

Regardless, because of this entire situation, now I might like her even if I don't want to. My thoughts are all over the place and I'm very confused. What do you think about this entire situation? Who do you think slim thicc was? And most importantly (so that I don't go insane), does Mia like me? 

If you have any questions about the story just ask me, it's not fake and I can give you details (except for why I still like this girl I still don't know why)