I asked my crush out okay... I'll start by A and finish by Z but first you'll need some context about me...

I'm a 17 years old french guy and I'm really really insecure about myself and my social skills. I basically have 5 friends that I care about, the other are just people I hang out with in order to avoid solitude (I don't even talk to them I just stay here listening to them like a plant pot). I'm really uncomfortable when aroud girls just because a majority of them make fun of guys like me. I never looked at girls before, I just waited for THE one. During lockdown solitude maked me depressed and since my first "episode of sadness" I get random sadness really often and I cry until I can't no longer cry.

So this summer I went to a "camping" and during a blind test she came to my table because I was alone (and winning too) she is my age and I thought she looked too nice to be nice with me. At the end we won and she hugged me (tbh I absolutely hated that because I don't support physical interaction).
Tomorow I was chilling at the bar listening to music and she came sitting in front of me to talk. It was really cool because she was cool, we had a good conversation. Fast forward to the end of the week. We talked a lot, I gave her one of my sweatshirt because we were going for an all-nighter outside. All these things made me realise that maybe it was the first time I genuinely crushed on someone. I told her, and she was super ankward because she found me really nice and all but I would leave the place the next day and we will never seeing again.

During the next 2 weeks we again talked a lot by messages and we said some pretty flirty things like "I really enjoy talking to you but I wish it was irl" or just complimenting each other. During this week I had a random sadness event (RSE) and it crushed me again. But she asked me to go to the same "colo" (idk how you call this in english but it's basically going in vacation with only ~30 teenagers about your age and some animators) so she asked me to join her to see her. It was her idea. It made me feel so special, I started to fall in love for the first time in my life.

In colo we talked but we weren't alone anymore because she knew some friends there and I was just here making the plant pot. At the end of the colo I really was in love and a guy told her. We talked and she said that she never had a relationship before and she wasn't ready for one.

Now I feel all the more alone and I feel like I could never fall in love again because she used to make me so happy and it was the first time I felt that for someone. Now the RSE is lasting a bit too long for a RSE. I'm just tired of being alone. There's a fucking hole in my life and it's the only thing that takes me away from happiness. 

Sorry if you clicked on this hoping it would be a happy ending. And if you read that thanks for reading all the text, it means a lot.