I have a story to share and I hope it relates or helps some of you Today is my birthday and this is like the first time that my family just forgot for a bit. I have 2 great parents and sister and they’re the best, we always enjoy each other’s birthday and will say happy bday at midnight then do something special during the day. It turned midnight and for almost 10 minutes they just forgot. I know it sounds like I’m being a bit of a brat but, it just really resonates with how my life is.

I have a great life and I know I can take that for granted sometimes. My parents aren’t close to rich but we can get what we need and I have many things in my life that I am grateful for. I have a better life than most when it comes to home and family and I’m very fortunate, but really every other aspect of my life has the same message, I’m alright but never good enough. There’s always something beyond me in everything where I always just barely short. I am decent at things like video games, my instruments, other skills, but not good at them or great at them. In school I get good grades but always fall short to someone, when I graduated from middle school I wasn’t valedictorian cuz I was half a point overall grade off from an A, and I wasn’t salutatorian because no joke, the people who ran it forgot about me and two others were salutatorian even though we had the same GPA. In my social life, I’m an introvert who really wants to make friends and just have nice talks with people, but I haven’t been like that my whole life and never got the skills or know how to do it. So for so long I’ve been the quiet kid no one notices, even though I see so much in the background. In every part of my life, I am so close to being the best or at least good, but there’s always someone better, or I can never reach my expectation for myself.

I don’t think there’s ever been a time that my family has forgotten each other’s birthday at midnight, but if it were to happen, it would’ve happened to me, which it did. I don’t want to ask for pity, I don’t want people to feel bad because honestly you really shouldn’t, I just don’t want this to happen to any of you.

Probably no one has read this or gotten this far, but I have just a bit more to say if ur still here. A very important saying is Comparison is the thief of joy, or something like that, and if anyone relates to anything I’ve said, please listen to that saying. I’ve been in situations where I could’ve got or accomplished something but didn’t do it cuz of how I am and someone else got the prize. It should’ve been me, I would think. But the older I get, the more I realize that even tho my life can suck when your not good enough at anything, it just motivates you to grow more and more as a person. Just do what makes you happy in life, for me that’s being happy with family, improving in playing the guitar and saxophone, and other stuff. I know that I have a skill ceiling in all things in life that will always make me the worst of the best, and I’m okay with that. Just always strive to be a better you, have a good mindset because you can do so much more when you have a good mindset. Be happy and don’t let other people take that away from you. Life can suck, and at the moment I’m writing it, ngl, life sucks rn. But tomorrow it will be better again. I’m gonna cry myself to sleep because I don’t get to express my emotion often, which is why keeping a little mood journal like I do is really nice. And once I cry myself to sleep and get mad and sad and have regrets about myself and my life, it’ll be okay. 

Please just enjoy life, you’ll get through anything with a mindset to keep going, things you enjoy, and if you ever need someone to talk to, I may be antisocial irl but I could really use a friend. Good night and good day if even just one person decided to read this, stay safe, enjoy life, be happy