The capitol wasn’t Christianity I feel like one of the greatest flaws of religion in America is how we shape God in our image,  instead not allow God to shape us. Instead of allowing God to change us, such as loving others as God tells us to, we change God to fit our agendas and worldview. While we see this in many places in the world, such as using homosexuality being a sin to excuse showing hatred towards others, or using Gods word to deceive and influence the masses, this has never been more prevalent than in politics. 

Republicans carrying a Jesus saves flag while storming the capitol, which resulted in needless deaths. Democrats ending prayer with amen and awomen( amen being a term which as nothing to do with gender).  Of course not everyone confirms this, and even if you’re Democrat or Republican, being these things doesn’t mean you agree with This. 


Let me say, what we saw at the capital  is not Christianity. Our weapons should not be physical, but spiritual. Our enemies aren’t physical ones, like your fellow man, but a force unseen. 

For we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the cosmic powers over this present darkness, against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly places.” Ephesians‬ ‭6:12‬ ‭ESV‬‬

We’ve been called to love each other, our allies and our enemies. Even though I don’t see people of opposite beliefs( political, spiritual, etc) as enemies, even if we do, we are commanded to show love to them regardless. 

“But I say, love your enemies! Pray for those who persecute you! In that way, you will be acting as true children of your Father in heaven. For he gives his sunlight to both the evil and the good, and he sends rain on the just and the unjust alike. If you love only those who love you, what reward is there for that? Even corrupt tax collectors do that much. If you are kind only to your friends, how are you different from anyone else? Even pagans do that.”
‭‭Matthew‬ ‭5:44-47‬ ‭NLT‬‬


TL;DR: As Christians, our enemies aren’t other people. The Capitol was an exalted what what it isn’t.  We have been commanded to love our enemies, so let’s do so.


That’s all I have to say, God bless and I love you all.