Love sucks Just a reminder, I’m just ranting. I am not looking for advice, I just want to let off some steam.

So I VERY recently broke up with my boyfriend of almost 6 years and it is destroying me because he meant so much to me and our relationship was the only thing that kept me looking forward to things. But recently, he started getting really upset about the smallest things and wouldn’t even confront me about them. For instance, he got upset because I said something that made me sound “authoritative” or “demanding” to him and all I asked him to do was talk to me. The straw that broke the camels back was when he deliberately ignored my texts and calls for a week and a half (however when we were face to face, he acted like nothing was wrong) with no context of why and he told my friend that he had a right to ignore me. And I had no idea what I did to make him so upset, I still have no idea. And the next day after breaking things off with him through a voicemail, (he didn’t even have the guts to pick up the phone) he tried to pretend nothing happened and “tried making it a good break up, and stay friends” I was not about to let him have that satisfaction so I told him no and explained all the ways he fucked up. He didn’t even apologize for mentally hurting me, he just “apologized” for being a “human with emotions”. 

He said he wanted to pick up his stuff from my house and wanted to try to give his side of the story before he left to a three day trip. He never came. He was so upset I was standing up for myself that he didn’t have the balls to even confront me. 

This is still a pretty open wound, so please if you want to say anything, be gentle. My mind can’t even comprehend at the moment that I’m not with him anymore. I have support from my friends and family, but that hasn’t made this any easier. This was probably the single hardest thing I’ve had to do in my 18 years of being alive. I didn’t want to break up with him, but I knew if I wanted to stop feeling like a piece of shit, I would need to.

Thanks for listening, that means a lot to me.