I [17m] am worried about my friend [17f] and am not sure what to do I have known her for my whole life because our parents have been friends for decades, but I became close friends with her a couple of years ago and now we talk basically every day. Also I live in GA and she lives in the southwest so we rarely see each other and mostly text. Anyways, I've known that she has had some mental health problems and she's had a therapist for probably a year now. I don't think that she's been diagnosed with anything, but over the last few months she's been telling me more things that have made me pretty worried.

 She told me that she cuts her legs, which I know is obviously not good but it didn't alarm me that much because I can understand how she uses it as a coping mechanism and she said she's been doing it for many years (although I have no way of knowing if that's true). Obviously I suggested that she discuss it with her therapist, but because she's not 18 yet it would create a lot of problems and she refuses to do it until then. 

She has said things like "im gonna kms" basically since I started talking to her regularly, but I feel like she does it more often and more seriously now. And she's said that she's thought about trying, although again, this has been going on for longer than she's told me for (she said that there was a time in early 2020 where she seriously considered it). She’s also said that she’s “worried about someone finding her”. This is basically the classic thing that they tell you about in school, and I know that, but it's a lot harder to know what to do when you're in the situation versus being asked about it in a classroom. I obviously only know what she tells me, but that's quite a bit at this point. I do know her parents very well and they're basically family, for what its worth. I know what I'm taught to do in this situation, but it's not super helpful right now. I'm stuck between not wanting to do something that's too extreme and not wanting to do too little. Basically, what should I do? I know it's a loaded question. Also today she sent a meme about dying (which is common and not inherently odd) but I figured it was a good time to just ask if she was ok and she jokingly asked why I would ask her that, so I just said to answer and she said “yes lmao I’m fine”. So it’s kinda hard to talk about unless she brings it up because I think a lot of the time she is fine, but I’m worried about the low points. 

I’m pretty sure I’m the only person she’s said most of this to. So that’s why I feel like it’s important that I figure out something

tl;dr: friend has said some rather worrying things in recent months, and I don’t know what I should do and what action is too much or too little