I insulted the hell out of my uncle and his son for their fat body and small height. I don't regret a bit. Lemme tell you about me a bit first. So six months ago, I was a 17 year old 5'11 210 lbs guy. I am very cool and friendly by nature and nerdy indeed.I was aware about my overweight and weak body and knew what it would take to call myself a fit person. So I decided to wait until next year, when I would finish school and join college to do it.

I am the type of guy who very rarely  gets angry at anyone. But once you are on my bad list , I take revenge, in a lot more humiliating way.

So it all started 6 months ago ,when this corona situation was taking heat, about 2 weeks before the lockdown.

My parents saw this Covid situation rising and decided to move to our village, until things get normal. So did my Uncle 'Ray' with his son 'Shit' and their whole family.

So when they came in the village, they decided to pay my family a visit. When they saw me, Ray and Shit started insulting me for being fat and looking ugly. I can take jokes, but it was a straight insult. They stayed for an hour and there was literally not a single minute they didn't insulted me. I, every time ignored them and laughed, didn't take it that seriously.

 Now here comes the interesting part. For the next two weeks , until this mandatory lockdown happened, Ray, whenever he was meeting anyone in the whole goddamn village, he literally would mention me, my 'fat and ugly body' and would insult me again .It became so fucking worse that whenever I, my dad or my mum would step out of our my house, people mockingly would ask about my overweight body. His son shit, whenever we meet, anywhere, would insult me by calling shitty names like 'fatfuck' (the least worse) every single time, infront of everyone.

I was never this much self conscious and had so much self hate in my whole fucking life. I was literally having thoughts a brain scarred person would have.

*BUT*

I never replied to their insults.

Because I wanted to give them much more pain, insult and trumas than they gave me.

So I waited.

Waited for the right time.

So firstly, I decided to drop my BMI from 32 to 22. And just the next day, lockdown happened.

I started waking up at 4 every single day, did an hour of cardio in the morning, and 2 hours of strength exercises (covering whole upper and lower body) every single day. Started eating an overall very low calorie but healthy diet. So my schedule would be a 3 hour physical exercises every day , 5-6 hours of sleep and for the rest day, I would study.I literally many times cried waking up in the morning because every single part of my body would be in pain so much. But in the end, I would leave the bed. And whenever I felt like eating a pizza or a pie my mum made for us, a memory would come why I started this all and I would stop eating. So I didn't have any cheat day until 6th of October, the day I turned 18.

So I achieved it. I lost a total of 60 lbs, dropped my bMI from 32 to 20.9. Became a guy who can only run 400 meters to finishing a half marathon at 6 minutes per km average pace. A person who can't do 5 proper form pushups to doing 120 pushups in one go.

So yesterday, after roughly 6 months, Ray once again decided to pay us a visit with his family. The second he and his son saw me, their faces became pale. So a guy who wouldn't stop insulting me now was avoiding me for the whole time lol. Only it was Ray' s wife who commented that I have become a very fit person now. 

It all became much more interesting as 'shit' have become obese and Ray is over weight. So now I started it. I at first, in front of everyone, politely asked Shit's weight, he said 'I don't know man maybe I'm 160-70 lbs, not sure, haven't measured in a while (I was laughing as hell inside as he was clearly over 200 pounds). So I immediately pulled out the weighing machine and asked him to measure it. Now everyone one in the room was silent. Now Shit started acting shitty and started making excuses like 'I don't want to or I don't need to measure it' etc. My dad already knew what was happening so he also pushed him a bit to do it. So he finally did it. He was 221!!!!!.

I literally started laughing. Just imaging a 5'8 221 guy who is a douchebag by attitude. You have shit.

Now, I started calling him every single name he was calling me 6 months ago in a lot more humiliating and demeaning manner. He started crying. I was still laughing and calling him names.

Now his dad entered the conversation to defend his 'cutiepie'. I started insulting him to for his small height (5'6), ugly fat body and ugly face. I insulted him a lot too , by saying things like ' a person can't tell any difference between a torned up pumpkin and you from 10 meters you little man' in very insulting way.My dad and sis were enjoying the show silently. Then my mum stepped in and started scolding me for talking to an adult like that.

Now a Broken Ray and crying Shit left our home.

I was never this Happy before. I had my revenge.

Next day, my dad asked me to go on a ride with him . After driving for about 15 minutes silently, he parked the car. Now I was expecting a good long leacture BUT..

He said' I know you son, I know your heart very well. You are one of the kindest person I have ever known in my life. So now whatever others say for what you did yesterday, for me, you did what they deserved. I am proud of you son. Then he jockingly said just don't pull something like that again will ya! 

Then we ate burgers at a fast food store and headed home.

This was it.