I dont know if i am normal Im 15 .In past months i started to see that i have problem with communicating with people, and started to think about it, not making excuses for my behavior. I clearly use "mathematical" approah to my life, i mean i analyze almost everything to make decisions to benefit me, and people that i care about. Even if it will mean someones else loss. I also dont feel much emotions, if i get yelled at, i shrug it off, i think i feel hapiness the "normal" way, i am almost not able to cry (for last few years the best i got was wet eyes). I dont like beeing surrounded by attention (i dont know what to do in those situations), i have a very hard time making new contacts, i mean speaking for the first time to sbd, i will try to make a trustable way of  portraying it as a belivable accident. I dont really often feel guilt, or negative emotions for not adjusting to moral, or any other rules (as long as what i did was well thouht, worth the risk, or i thought of it as stupid. Also, i write here beacouse i am not really concerned about it, but i just want to hear sbd anonymous and their view of this topic. Sorry for any grammatical, or ortgraphical mistakes.

&amp;#x200B;

Bellow this point i will paste results of some free psyho tests (i know that they are probably shit, but they give something at least)

There is no clear indication that you might have a

psychopathic / antisocial personality disorder.

You reached, however, 50,00% of Factor 1 which captures the core personality traits of psychopathy that define the interpersonal and affective deficits of this personality disorder (e.g. shallow affect, superficial charm, manipulativeness, lack of empathy) and that are correlated with narcissistic personality disorder, low anxiety, low empathy, low stress reaction and low suicide risk. But Factor 1 is also associated with extraversion and positive affect - affected persons usually score high on scales of achievement and well-being, so some aspects of the personality disorder may even be beneficial for the psychopath (in terms of nondeviant social functioning or if it comes to profit from manipulation or lies).

You reached, however, 22,22% of Factor 2 which captures the traits of antisocial behavior (e.g. criminal versatility, impulsiveness, irresponsibility, poor behaviour controls, juvenile delinquency) and is associated with reactive anger, social deviance, sensation seeking, anxiety, increased risk of suicide, low socio-economic status, criminality, and impulsive violence.

You reached, however, 100,00% in other relevant traits that can indicate this personality disorder.

You might have certain traits of antisocial or psychopathic personalities but certainly not in a form that would justify a personality disorder diagnosis according to the standards.

Score: 16 of 38 \[16:8/4/4\]

&amp;#x200B;

There are strong indications that you might have a

narcissistic personality disorder.

There are slight differences between the major diagnostic manuals in how to diagnose a narcissistic personality disorder, with the ICD-10 manual stating that a person may only be diagnosed with a Narcissistic Personality Disorder if she/he does not meet the diagnostic criteria for a dissocial (antisocial, psychopathic), histrionic or any of the other personality disorders at the same time. For the DSM-IV manual, there is no such exclusion. It is unusual for NPD personality types to seek therapy, as they unconsciously fear exposure or inadequacy and will usually disdain therapeutic processes or the idea of psychotherapy itself, sabotage the therapeutic process or openly oppose it. Pharmacotherapy is rarely effective.

Score: 5 of 9

&amp;#x200B;

There is no indication that you might have a histrionic personality disorder.\[D:4/I:3\]

&amp;#x200B;

You meet 100% of the range of general personality disorder criteria.

This further indicates that you might have to deal with a severe personality disorder.

Thus, is strongly recommended you seek a professional diagnosis to be sure what exactly you are dealing with.

It might turn out useful to print the previous page including your selections and take it to a psychotherapist, psychiatrist or psychologist.\[G:5\]

&amp;#x200B;

 \-- Quelle: [https://www.counseling-office.com/surveys/survey\_p.php](https://www.counseling-office.com/surveys/survey_p.php)

&amp;#x200B;

 You have completed the Levenson Self-Report Psychopathy Scale.  


The LSRP measures two scales.  


Scores range from 1 (low) to 5 (high).  


Your score from primary psychopathy has been calculated as 4.1. Primary psychopathy is the affective aspects of psychopathy; a lack of empathy for other people and tolerance for antisocial orientations.  


Your score from secondary psychopathy has been calculated as 1.8. Secondary psychopathy is the antisocial aspects of psychopathy; rule breaking and a lack of effort towards socially rewarded behavior.  


With two scores, results of the LSRP are very suitable for being plotted. Below is the distribution of how other 

📷  
You score for primary psychopathy was higher than 91.63% of people who have taken this test.  


You score for secondary psychopathy was higher than 16.44% of people who have taken this test.