Need some criticism Okay so this originally started out as a free write I wrote during school that I decided to go more in depth with. I’m curious what I can improve so far.




I walked into the village expecting merchants trading, animals running around, people just enjoying their lives. Nothing. No people, no wildlife, even the plants were wilting. I knew something wasn’t right. Even the most barbaric of orcs and the most mischievous of spirits would’ve left some trace behind. After exploring the desolate area for quite some time, I came upon a large wooden building. The town hall, I assumed. I figured that there had to be some clues as to what happened. The area inside showed no sign of damage, almost like everyone just decided to leave. The only thing that showed any life was a tapestry of a wizard bravely falling in combat against a manticore. The coldness of the air pierced my side. A knot formed itself in my stomach, my blood running cold. “Pull yourself together, you’re better than this, you’ve never backed down before, so why now?”, I thought. “You’ve dealt with plenty before, cyclopes to jinn, what’s so bad about th- “, my thought was interrupted as the sounds of marching filled my head. I quickly hid near a window to see what arrived. The sounds of snickering and growling, Goblins. Yet they looked as perplexed as I was. “Why aren’t we using the tunnels?”, said one goblin. “I’ve heard rumors of a defenseless town that has a secret path leading to a tressure filled castle, so I thought it was ripe for the taking but I never thought it’d be this easy. Besides, last time we used the tunnels, we headed into Dwarf central, literally.”. said the one in the front. I pulled my bow and arrow and readied my shot, waiting to see if force was necessary. The goblins stopped right in their tracks and began to sniff the air. The dozen or so goblins all turned to my direction, making my heart pump loud enough that they could surely hear it. One goblin began to charge at the town hall only to jolt to a stop. Goblins are known to be quite difficult to scare, some would even call them stupid or fearless, but the look of fear and confusion on the goblin’s face as his body was contorted against his will showed me that even the toughest warriors can crack. I hid there watching as his arms flail, his legs twist and turn, his torso bend at odd angles, the sounds of bones snapping and flesh mashing, all while he screamed in agony. His body began to float as his comrades screamed in terror, desperately trying anything to help him. The yells and cries for help from the goblin suddenly stopped as his body went limp. A hooded figure materialized with their hand in the goblin’s back, dropping it to the ground with some type of mist flowing to their hand. As the goblins stared in disbelief, the hooded figure spoke one word, “Sumegruser”. Skeletal hands rose from the ground and held down the goblins. The hooded figure approached them as their screams echoed throughout the village, the only sound heard for miles. Some type of necromancer, I knew I was not prepared to deal with one this skilled. I turned around and prayed to every god I knew of that I would make it out in one piece, and slowly crept towards a window on the left. I realized that the hooded figure would likely hear me try to get away, so I grabbed a chair and threw it through a window on the right. The hooded figure turned towards the noise and repeated the phrase, skeletal hands rose and grabbed the chair. I jumped through the window and raced out of the village, expecting to be grabbed by hands at any moment. My heart felt like it was bursting out of my chest, barely able to calm myself. I felt lost in the nearby forest, everything looking the same. The screams of the goblins still ech6ed though the area, making the area feel unescapable. After running through the seemingly endless forest, I began to feel the adrenaline leave my body as I came across a body of water. As I began to pass out from exhaustion near the water, I heard someone say a single word, “Mullebal”. Cold boney hands rose from the water and dragged me in, tightening an unearthly grip on me. Water gushed into my lungs, I could feel the life draining out of me, like I was the prey to a constrictor. I had to act fast, I could just faintly see the figures dragging me into the depths. Skeletal warriors dressed in all types of gear. From villager tunics to cleric robes, I began to ponder how many lives this necromancer has claimed and reanimated. “Focus! You don’t have much time!”, I thought. My eyes wandered around the murky abyss, searching for anything I could use to escape. At last, my eyes found something. A rune barely held together, attached to the cleric’s robes. I hastily unsheathed my sword and slashed wildly, breaking many of the undead warrior’s bodies. Just as quickly as they broke, their bodies reformed and began to drag me down again. The cleric was closer this time, in arm’s reach. As best as I could, I lunged forward and grabbed the rune, speedily turning the pages. I could barely read the incantation, but I had no other option. Water flooded into my mouth as I read the spell aloud. “THORON!”, I yelled. A bolt of lightning struck the skeletons, completely vaporizing them, while also hitting me. Never thought about how much pain divine electricity could bring, never want to experience that again. “Those potions better be as effective as they advertise.”, I thought. I slowly began to float towards the surface, wishing I had never gone to the village. I peeked my head above the water and was greeted by the night sky. The goblin screams seemed to have stop while I was underwater, so I assumed the worst. I crawled onto the shore, coughing up water constantly. I wandered randomly through the woods, barely able to tell anything apart. The attempted drowning certainly did not help me physically recover. Sleep seemed so enticing, just a moment to rest my head…”NO!”, I screamed. I realized how stupid that was, both falling asleep and yelling, probably alerting everything in the area. I stumbled throughout the maze-like forest, barely conscious. Joy and hope came to me as I came across a quiet village, only for both to be extinguished as I realized I went in a circle right back to the village. With no other options, I crept around the ghost town, making sure to be as quiet as possible. I thought perhaps that tapestry had some secrets to reveal, maybe even what happened to the town. I quietly snuck into the town hall, ready to run at the sight of the necromancer, only to find everything as it had been. Lurking towards the tapestry, I could clearly see that the tapestry was meant to hide something. I quietly removed the tapestry, finding a dark tunnel. “This must be what the goblins were talking about.”. I thought to myself. I stared into the seemly endless abyss, wondering what mysteries were hidden there. I grabbed a torch off the fall and used some flint to light it.