Dear Evan Hansen We’ve been way too out of touch. Things have been crazy and it sucks that we don’t talk that much. But I should tell you that I think of you each night. I rub my nipples and start moaning with delight.

WHY WOULD YOU WRITE THAT?!?!

I’m just trying to tell the truth!

This needs to be perfect, these e-mails need to prove we were actually friends! Just- I’ll do it! 

I've gotta tell you, life without you has been hard

Hard?

Has been bad

Bad?

Has been rough

Kinky!

And I miss talking about life and other stuff

Very specific.

Shut up!

I like my parents

Who says that?

I love my parents
But each day's another fight
If I stop smoking drugs
Then everything might be alright

Smoking drugs?

Just fix it!

If I stop smoking crack

Crack?!

If I stop smoking pot then everything might be all right. I’ll take your advice, I’ll try to be more... nice. I’ll turn it around, wait and see

‘Cause all that it takes is a little re-in-ven-tion! It’s easy to change if you give it your a-tten-tion! All you gotta do is just believe you can be who you wanna be. Sincerely, me.

Are we done yet?

Well I can't just give them one email. I want to show that I was, like, a good friend, you know?

Oh my god.

Dear Connor Murphy,
Yes, I also miss our talks
Stop doing drugs
Just try to take deep breaths and go on walks

No.

I'm sending pictures of the most amazing trees

No!

You'll be obsessed with all my forest expertise

Absolutely not.

Dude, I'm proud of you
Just keep pushing through
You're turning around
I can see
(Just wait and see!)

‘Cause all that it takes is a little re-in-ven-tion! It’s easy to change if you give it your a-tten-tion! All you gotta do is just believe you can be who you wanna be. Sincerely, me.

My sister's hot

What the hell!

My bad.

Dear Evan Hansen,
Thanks for every note you send

Dear Connor Murphy,
I'm just glad to be your friend

Our friendship goes beyond
Your average kind of bond

But not because we're gay

No, not because we're gay

We're close, but not that way
The only man that I love is my dad

Well anyway!

You're getting better every day

I'm getting better every day

We're getting better every day

HEY HEY HEY HEY!!!

Cause all that it takes is a little re-in-ven-tion! It’s easy to change if you give it your a-tten-tion! All you gotta do is just believe you can be who you wanna be. Sincerely

Miss you dearly

Sincerely, me

Sincerely, me

Sincerely, me!

Sincerely, me!