I'm so sick of... [vent] i'm so sick of myself. i'm so sick of having nothing i do matter because there's someone that can do it better than me. i'm so sick of people thinking im strong and talented and sociable and happy when my own opinion of myself cannot be further from that.

I'm so sick of feeling like my life is a lie. i'm so sick of feeling like my words and actions are not my own, but some better version of myself that i will never be, yet is 100% me at the same time.

I'm so sick of having dreams and aspirations. I'm so sick of people telling me if it doesn't make me 70k+ a year, it's not worth doing. I'm so sick of being told i have talent in music and photography but also told that those talents are useless and i should focus on math.

I'm so sick of worrying about money. I'm so sick of worrying about what I can or can't afford. I'm so sick of how limited my life can be because of my financial state. i'm so sick of living around actual millionaires and feeling like i don't belong.

I'm so sick of being jealous of other people. i'm so sick of seeing my friends blow right past me in social, musical, and academic status like i'm standing still. And i'm so sick of them acting like nothing's changed, when everything has changed.

I'm so sick of feeling like i cant talk to my friends because they're "better than me" in some form or another. i'm so sick of looking in the mirror and only seeing a shittier version of someone else. i'm so sick of feeling like a bad photocopy of my parent's expectations.

I'm so sick of being asked what do i do to help cope with my anxieties. and i'm so sick of telling the truth: i don't deal with them. i'm so sick of letting the words, the lies, the hate, and the self-doubt fester inside of me like cancer until i cannot function.

I'm so sick of knowing that i have to improve and address my problems correctly, but having no motivation to do so. I'm so sick of knowing that I have tests to study for, but I'd rather just sleep and pretend that it doesn't exist. And I'm sick of getting good grades anyways.

But most of all, I'm so sick of not being perfect. I'm so sick of thinking that if I was perfect, maybe things would be all right, that I wouldn't have to deal with all the bullshit that i carry around like a lead weight.

I'm so sick of feeling like I'm the only one that has to deal with these kinds of problems. I'm so sick of feeling like everyone else has their shit straightened out while i'm the only one that doesn't. i'm so sick of feeling left behind with no one to help me get back on my feet

I'm so sick of telling myself that these problems aren't real and i should just get over them like everyone else. I'm so sick of feeling like i'm the only one who can't deal with their struggles and shortcomings. i'm so sick of that pain, and it never goes away.

i'm so sick of living in a nice town, having nice things, and having a good education if it means that i'm privileged and should be doing great things with my life. i'm so sick of having that pressure constantly on me, making me want to off myself before i disappoint someone.

thank you for reading this. i've been wanting to say this for a long time, just didn't know how to say it. i just feel like people should know that i'm not really ok even when i say i am. i'm never 100% ok, just never 100% sure how to say it.

Thank you.