My mom got mad at me today The main reason was because I didn’t smile. 

But the real reason why I didn’t smile is simple: I don’t like sudden events without warning. 

I was chilling in my room when my mom suddenly called me out. I didn’t know what would happen until she told me. Now I usually will never back down from a getting my picture taken, yet ON CHRISTMAS EVE my mom had to suddenly FUCKING FORCE me into taking a picture. At least give me a warning!

For the first few minutes everything was going fine, until the bickering started. I smiled, but in a way that convinced my mother to think I hated having my picture taken. She criticized my EVERY TINY flaw I had in posturing. Unfortunately, I also moved in a certain motion that further made her think I’m not willing to get my picture taken. 

We took a couple of images, which was all okay until the breaking point. I moved to the front row, and took our picture, my dad said everyone looked okay except for ME. I felt like I was a FUCKING misfit, and since I’m naturally emotionally sensitive, I cried.

Yes you read that right, I CRIED. I’m 14 and I’m not supposed to cry that much anymore, but it was too much. I ran to the bathroom and hid, but suddenly I had a nosebleed. I stopped it with cotton balls and Vaseline. 

When I came out again, my mom said I wasn’t ready, which may sound good but IT WASN’T. I was FUCKING ready and I insisted on getting the rest of the pictures taken. But mom yet again said I was a stupid child who was rebellious and hated family. We were Asian so that’s why she said that in the first place. 

We stopped taking pictures, and everyone did their own thing. I went onto my phone and watched YouTube videos. Everything was good, even though I ranted about not having enough screen time for my PC as the cause for my “negativeness”.

Dinner was uneventful, until mom yet again attacks my weakest spot with “BEcaUsE of your BeHaviOr, SaNtA wOn’T gIVe you prEseNtS.” 

I mean, how do you end up on the naughty list if you didn’t want to FUCKING SMILE. Not choosing to smile is a choice, not a law. I walked into the guest bathroom (which is where I usually do my business) and wrote this post.