What are some movies that grew on you over time? One of my favorite movies of all time has to be The Incredibles. I remember the movie for the scenes like the one where mr incredible saves a suicidal person from falling from a tall building and the one where he and frozone break into a gas station and frozone proceeds to freeze the police that tries to stop them.

Police: "I said freeze!"

Frozone: "I'm thirsty." *sip*

Police: "Okay. You had your drink..."

Frozone: "Now... Freeze." *freezes everyone but mr incredible*


As a kid, when this movie was on TV, i never missed a chance to watch it. The last time I watched it on tv was when I was flipping through tv channels 2 years ago and I saw that the movie was gonna air on Disney XD in a few minutes. "Fuck yeah" i thought.

As time flew by, I realized that the struggles that the characters go through are very realistic. One of the scenes that the internet likes to meme on is the argument scene where mr incredible comes home after saving people from a burning building. His wife does not think it was a good idea to do something like that because in the movie, superheroes are looked down upon due to an incident that happens 30 minutes into the movie. Mr Incredible thinks that doing what is in his mind "The right thing to do" is more important than what the public thinks of him and his family. His wife is voicing her concern because she is afraid of how this will affect their children, Dash and Violet.

I understand both sides of the argument in this situation. Despite not being a mother, I can kinda relate to his wife's concern about the family here, but I also relate to Mr Incredible because sometimes doing the right thing is better than thinking about how other people will look at you is more important and vice versa.

They put a lot of scenes that make the older audience relate to the characters in this way in a freaking KIDS movie.

It's scenes like those that make you think as a teen/adult and thats why I love the movie nowadays. I still havent seen the sequel and I have no interest in seeing it right now.

Are there any movies that you have seen that made you relate more to the characters as you got older?