Just want some advice tbh Hey, I didn’t really know where to post this, but I thought with people my age, they might not be so boomer about it. 

So,  I’m almost 15 and have been going through shit like everyone lately, with lockdown (another one has just been put on my area in the UK), going back to school, and also specifically for me, a lot of conflicted thoughts. 

First things first, you should know I’m not a flashy over the top token gay kid, I’m quiet, I love school and I have a small group of friends that I hang around with, but, one problem I have been facing recently is what I believe (from my hour or so of googling) is anxiety. I feel like every time I go into a shop to buy something, everyone is staring at me, judging what I’m buying or what I’m doing. I don’t buy the typical things a 15 year old does, no energy drinks, no gum, no OTT shoes or whatever. I love Lego, and Star Wars, and I think every time I’m buying a box of Lego, or a Star Wars themed item, people are judging me, or just thinking I’m a weirdo. I have no reason to think this, most people I have never seen before or know, so why would I think they’d even put a modicum of their time to thinking about what I’m buying.

Another thing is, paying for things, I get extremely stressed and worried, like, profusely sweating and sometimes even crying, even if it’s not me paying. I recently got a debit card, and it declined once in a shop, for no reason, it worked again straight after. But for the rest of the afternoon, I had a lump in my throat and couldn’t really speak that much. I think this might be because I hate making a fuss, bothering people or asking them to do something they are literally paid to do. This happens other places, but I think a shop as an example was the easiest place to convey this. 

Although, sometimes, especially when I meet someone new, I get a weird burst of confidence and adrenaline and just start acting weird, trying to impress them or whatever. I have no idea why I do this, and it’s only for random people, sometimes I just meet someone and do nothing out of the ordinary.

If anyone has any thoughts of this, or what I could do? Thanks 

P.S I am going to post this in an advice subreddit, but I thought people my own age could help as well.