Sometimees it feels like the universe is against me I'm writing this while on the bus listening to GRLwood if anyone is wondering
This is going to be incoherent and whiny so leave me alone



My phone screen was cracked and my backup phone sucks so my mom insisted on getting it fixed and I told her no but she made me get it fixed anyways and now certain parts of the screen won't work and my backup phone won't connect to wifi anymore. I have a second older phone that I wanted to use but my mom lost it so she told me to just buy a refurbished phone but I told her that theres no point in buying a new phone if there's one in the house I can use but then she told me she doesnt want to look for it. I'm trying to save up money to build a computer and now she's insisting on giving me her old laptop even though I had the same one as her and it wouldn't run the games I wanted to play and now she's trying to pressure me to get a phone instead of save for a computer. My sister yelled at the dog last night, which you wouldn't think is a big deal but she's the one who begged for the damn animal and now she barely takes care of it. My sister is 18. I have to take care of the dog now even though I was against the idea in the first place. And on top of that I have to do the chores because my sister is lazy and does it half ass or just "forgets" all the time. The dog wastes my time but I feel bad not paying attention to him. I suggested to my mom that we sell him but she got mad when I said that since she has much more emotional attachment to the dog than I do. My sister yelled at me for not waking her up and I told her it wasn't my responsibility to wake her up and she got mad at me. Everytime I point out flaws in my sister she gets mad at me or starts telling me how much of a horrible person I am. My sister gets mad when I won't tell her things and says that she doesn't understand me and that i'm "hard to figure out" its so weird. My mom keeps going on and off with divorcing my stepdad (her second husband) and I tried telling my mom that I didn't really believe in christianity and she got pissed. My sister is constantly on the phone with her friends and coworkers crying or complaining about stuff that has happened 5+ years ago or she'll over-exaggerate our current life situation and make it out like she's being abused and it pisses me off because she doesn't realize the shit she did to me when we were younger is part of the reason I have trust issues and prefer doing things alone. It feels like everyone is always underestimating me and my abilities even though they're full aware of my intellectual abilities. I get high test scores and do 75% of the cooking and cleaning around the house and yet they still treat me like an incompetent child and it's quite offensive, honestly.