Left high school and kinda sad... I’m just gonna be straight forward. I’m a student, well, ex student you could say. I just signed out of school today, completing my year 11 year and my school journey overall. Signing the papers to leave was easy, as dramatic as this sounds, but my best friend was by my side while I was doing it. I left the school feeling great, I now work with my dad as a bike mechanic, I build bikes with him for certain companies such as BigW and Anaconda (for you Australians you’d know). Not a hard job at all actually, it’s great fun!

Suddenly in the after noon, now before I speak of this, I’m not the type to be emotional, the last time I was emotional was when my dogs passed, and that was 2 years ago. I’m pretty strong and I’m always the one to bring people up when they’re down, but today just wasn’t my day for that. I started feeling a rush of emotions and I was leaking out of my eyes, to put it nicely, almost the whole afternoon. Pets I can understand because you have that physical and emotional attachment to them, but dang I leave high school to go to work alongside undoubtedly one of the most hard working men I’ve known, my own father, and I just can’t stop thinking about my friends and my best friend who won’t be mentioned here right now. Maybe I had some sort of emotional attachment to school, I didn’t even know I could be this emotional over something that doesn’t involve a passing or something else traumatic. 

We live in a generation where at a click of a button we can send a message to our friends instantly through any type of social media, Snapchat, Instagram, email (I mean nobody uses that come on), discord and even Reddit. Hello redditors! You can really do so much in this generation and I can’t imagine living in the 80s where this type of social media ceased to exist. I can really just message my friends whenever I want, and receive instant messages back. Yet still I am emotional over this. 

I needed to vent, any conversations below, I’ll be chatting with anyone. I could do with some people to talk to through this roller coaster of emotions. Maybe this is all silly and I’ll regret posting this long essay, almost longer than any essay i wrote for school... thank you for your time and thank you so much for reading this, you have yourself a great day and bless. 🖤