Some words from a 21yo ex-teen Hey teenagers,



How should I start this? Maybe with a rethoric self-question. Yeah that'll work. Thing is, I'm not a teenager anymore. And it sometimes feels weird to accept that truth. It's been 3 years already since I finished highschool. And soon I'll be done with college. I like to say that I don't regret anything, cause if I did things differently I wouldn't have become myself in the form that I am now. And nothing is worse than not existing. However, in some aspects I do regret some things. Mainly, not doing enough things. I know you probably heard that before. When I was in highschool I couldn't wait to finish it so I can be a grown-up. But that wasn't a good way of seeing things. The sad truth is, you only get to go through highschool once. And that is the period in which you become yourself. You can experiment, you can try out different personalities, see what suits you better, discover who you are so you don't have an identity crisis in your adulthood. In highscool you can be cringy and no one cares cause you're just a teenager and teens are supposed to be cringy. So here is my piece of advice:




**Do everything (as long as it is not highly illegal)**



I don't mean do drugs or rob a bank obviously. But go speak to all the people. Next time someone asks you to come do some thing you usually would not, go and try it. Do to the girl/guy you have a crush on and ask her/him out, it's not that hard. Will she/he say yes? Maybe. I don't know you. But I know me, and trust me it's harder to start dating in your 20s than in highschool. It's better to already know some things. And it's worse to be cringe when asking someone out in your 20s than in your teens. Try to learn a lot in highschool, but not just about school stuff, learn about life. Remember that school stuff is pretty much scondary, you only have to pass. The grades will never matter, the experiences will. Beceause no matter what you'll do. The end will be the same. You die. And what matters is that you get to do everything while you still can, cand befoeenyou get to adulthood wishing you've done more. So I guess what I mean to say is: live your life. Dont worry that much about what others think. I sometimes wish I could relieve highschool and to things different. I can't. But you can. Cause you're still im highschool. So go and do everything.



Love,
u/TheEarly2000s