This is my stupid rant. I’m so done I’m amazed at the sheer predictability of it all. I feel as if life has a way of it’s own, tantalizing and teasing the soul of a person until one beseeches to become absolutely mad. If I could have the one thing I very much wish in life... I would be a much more lively spirit inside. Of course, as a mere mortal, life doesn’t go exactly the way we planned. Or, as I wished and prayed that it could someday amount to that coveted word, we. But nevertheless, still it remains a singular “I” or “me.” The vast infuriating nature of it all irks my conscious to the core. Alas, life is not a rainbow road with sweeties at the end. It is more akin to a rough, trodden path, etched deep with the mistakes and successes of those who’ve come before in the form of dusty footprints. The individual, specific marks being excessively unique, depending on the happiness or anguish experienced by that certain passerby. I wish many a day that I could have less indents in that wretched dirt road of a negative caliber, more so a spritely advance of positivity instead. Once again, the things I hope the most for are always tarnished by the heart that holds a higher sense of viability and favor... which is an admirable topic to chase after, one that I do not contain the energy to pursue. Some days I yearn to run in an open, sprawling field and alight myself in the flames of creativity and crescendoing music. The music really keeps the mind in check, as a precursor to an exciting dance breakout, as an earth-shattering, depressive lullaby to a troubled spirit, or perhaps the unsavory lead to a muffled make out session. Whatever the case is, one can be sure that music, being the chaotic, pleasurable collection of sounds that it is, can in some form be the closest thing we have to a time machine. Well, other than scent of course, which has well been documented as quite a strong connection to hidden away memories of years lost in the past. A wistful melody of love can bring the youngest and weariest of hearts to their internal knees, remembering events that have happened, and somehow recalling things that are yet to happen, or trigger memories which will never occur. But it all wraps itself up in a pitifully beautiful bow, because music is truly the anecdote to many of the ailments of the average person. Seeing the one whom I have pined and sought for entirely too long gazing into the eyes of another was the most heart-wrenching pain I have ever had to experience. I compare it worse to ripping off that unfortunately not soggy bandaid that you forgot to put neosporin on. Not pretty at all... now imagine that ten fold but as a piercing arrow to the heart, specially, my heart. After the matter, of them casually seated comfortably on the couch, albeit very closely, I lusted no longer after the Adonis looks of this so called “crush,” but after enacting the most sardonic, livid revenge I could muster. On either the pathetic girl, in my humble opinion, or on the much more desired target, him. Ahh... the meaning of those simple three characters. “Hims” have been my downfall for many a year to count, too many to recall by now. Trying your very best and making the most splendid effort to chance an opportunity of truly loving someone, so much that is burns you two together, but sorrowfully seeing them giddily paired up with someone else is a horrible moment. That is a major underestimate... but one might see the point I am trying to leverage here. Of course, she in particular is of a fly’s conscious to me. I wonder what he even speculated in her that was so very mystically enticing. I can’t say I envy her, although one might assume that. I wish someday to wipe the lazy smiles off of their faces and put a brutal end to any thread of joy in either of their tasteless selves. One day I will bring my fist down on this, in my opinion, unorthodox pair. Until then... I will meticulously seethe and spin a plan into action eventually. Time can be of the enemy, or it can be the sharpest, most tangent weapon, depending on the one displaced in its irreversible, unfaltering grip. I must amount to say that the heady, carnal delights of the male form do occasionally place a foothold on my mind. Although I dearly stomp it down before it can blossom into some unsung, sleazy fantasy of no release.