Am I a femcel? If I am, how do I stop being so pathetic? I'm 15. I keep telling myself that I'm just too fat and too ugly, and no one's ever going to love me because I've been caring about wanting a boyfriend for 5 years now. When I was 10, I was always jealous of my classmates who had boyfriends and while their relationships were fleeting and stuff, it would make me so mad because it hurts how boys don't like me.

Fast forward to now, I've grown to hate couples I see in the hallways. I can't stand the girls with makeup and ridiculous false lashes (I like the look of false lashes even though I've never tried them, but let me tell you, the ones these girls wear are too much.) I don't like them because they get all the boys without trying. I know it's 50% makeup but I want to be them. I just want to be loved. It's not like I don't take care of myself, I try to dress nice and I shower everyday and put some perfume on before going to school. I workout and try to eat healthy, because maybe guys don't like me cause of my weight. (5'2" 160lbs)

It feels like I'm cursed because no one and I mean NO ONE has ever been interested in me. At least no one who I'm interested in has been interested in me, the feelings are never mutual. I can only think of 2 boys that have liked me. One who was 3 years younger than me and liked me when I was 8, and my classmate who liked me when I was 12. I'll call him J. J was one of those "weird" kids.. He kept putting stuff in his mouth back then and he always looked at me like he was mad at me. It was kind of starling looking up at my work back then and just seeing him like that.

Anyways, I digress. I don't know if I'll ever be loved. I just want a hand to hold and someone to cuddle with and sneak a quick kiss before heading to class. Why is it too much to ask? There's girls my age who aren't that skinny either or model-pretty, how come they have boyfriends? Why is love so confusing? I can't help but feel that it's turning me into a monster of some sort. I just feel really bad. Sometimes I want to punish myself because I feel like it's my fault that I can't seem to deserve it.