Gather 'round, Kiddos! It's storytime with Bailey-Mae #3 Today, I'm going to tell you about my experience in a ghost town. 

I'd been there twice before. Once when I was judt a kipper and once when I was older with my boyfriend at the time. This time, it was just my mom, my brother and I. This ghost town was located beside this 100-year-old hotel by a huge lake amidst the largest mountains I've ever been around. 

This place was great. We got a lot room in the hotel, and while there was no AC because of the age of the building, there were two floors, and we had a beautiful view of the lake and the ghost town. 

The ghost town itself, as I came to learn, was quite expanded upon. The majority of the buildings were there originally, like the opera house, the roundhouse/train station, the church, the shoppes and the mine, but there were a lot of structures that had actually been placed in the town, taken from other locations. I believe there was an imported schoolhouse, a wood cutter's cabin, and saloon. 

We went through everything, and it was a great experience. Everything smelt old, and the mannequins crept me the hell out, but it was great. (They had mannequins dressed in old-timey clothing, posed like they were just going about their every-day life, clerking, washing clothing, or managing the front counter of the bank. It was fucked.) 

I had been enjoying myself up until we got to the schoolhouse. There were mannequins in there too. Kids and a female teacher. I felt really sick in there. I was angry, and I only got angrier when I read the little informational tab, informing me that female teachers would  be forced to give up their job when they wed, and that often, she would be replaced by a higher-up, usually a man, until the next young fillie came along to begin the process again. I know these were different times, and I don't blame the gentlemen of today for the past discrimination and abuse of women, but I feel strongly about women's rights. 

I felt better immediately after leaving the schoolhouse and getting some fresh air. Next was the saloon (and hostel). I got in there, and it was cold, but not like cold cold. Not physically cold, but cold. It was plain. Smelled funny. I made my way up some stairs to the left of the entrance, and across the indoor-balcony thing, into the upstairs hostel. There were two rooms. One was down the hall, and the hall was closed off with metal bars. On a hook was a hanging fur scarf. I touched it, but I felt scared, like I shouldnt have. 

I went into the one room that was not blocked off. Pretty much what you'd imagine it to look like. A bed, a bedside table with some questionable things, including a handgun, on it, a changing curtain and a small window. This room is where the feeling was strongest. I did NOT want to be in there, but I was, and I couldn't bring myself to get out for a few seconds, but when I did, I walked quickly. I didn't run because I was too proud to run to my ma from the upstairs of a ghost town saloon, but I wanted out. 

When I got up there, mom told me to go get my brother from up there, because it was time to leave, but he hadn't followed me. I assured her that he was outside the saloon, but she insisted that he was up there. Ma went to check for him herself, and I went outside. My mom came walking quickly out of the saloon and went pale at the sight of my brother, right as rain outside the hostel. We talked about it after, and though it might have been a coincidence, our experiences were the same. Down to the fact that we both touched the fur scarf thing, and regretted it. The one thing that changed was the placement of the pistol. She said it was on the floor, and that one of the staff might have knocked it off during the last cleaning. There was no one in or out between my mom and I, and I'm absolutely certain it was on the bed stand.