Rant about insecurities and self hatred. Read if you want to know another person's struggles. I'm 19. I thought by the time I achieved this many days on Earth I would be happy and feel good about myself. Nope, turns out that's not how it works. I was thinking about this moment in 9th grade pottery class, where one of my friends (A GIRL, LOL, POGGERS!!!!!!) (also my crush) was having a birthday party and I was invited. I didn't tell my parents about it, lied to her about why I couldn't come, and ultimately didn't go just because I didn't want to embarass myself or meet new people.  Sounds ridiculous now, I like meeting new people today, and I ended up doing a lot of inappropriate and fun stuff with that girl years later, but that little insecure boi is still inside of me, making me feel like caca. Nowadays, the only times I ever feel good about myself are when I make something really worthwhile (I'm an animator) or get good grades on a test. And that feeling is FLEETING, it usually lasts for just a day or two. It's fucked up, I wish that I could view myself as a human being, not this thing that I can only love when it does somthing I like. I love myself purely conditionally, and would give more slack to a cockroach. I have friends that aren't perfect, but I love them and accept them for who they are while I can't even accept myself for who I am. My standards for myself are too high without any room to fucking breath, while my standards are lower for everybody else. Basically, you're ok in my book as long as you're not a total dick, and by my personal definition, I'm not one. Hell, the only reason I workout, besides the dopamine boost, is so that one day i'll look in the mirror and magically have self confidence and not hate myself, but deep inside I know that probably won't happen as long as I keep treating myself this way. My crush from before, promises that girls don't care about musles, as much as they do personality and humor, but if that's true wtf am I doing?? How is it that I can find people who love me for who I am, while I can't give the same love to myself. Jesus, I just read this over and cried. Fucking hell. I guess, for anyone who feels the same, know this: age means absolutely nothing when it comes to this stuff, if you know how to treat yourself better than a circus Otter, let me know, because I don't.