Finally financially stable, and happier.  I know that at 19 1/2 I'm barely a teenager, but a gather round kiddos as ole' antie Luna is gonna give you her spiel.

So, I've had a rough go of it this last 12 months. Starting as a freshman in college last year, I was a dependent student living with my parents and driving an hour to school every day. Come November, I was "not kicked out" for being trans and setting up a gofundme that painted my mother in a bad light.

So there I was, essentially jobless except for a two night a week hosting job an hour away from the school, paying for dorms/classes/food/everything, with no family support, and legally on the tax forms I wasn't eligible for Pell or any other financial aid because I was "dependent".

Fast forward, I got married in May (making me independent no matter what my parents taxes say), took classes over the summer, and my max amount of possible loans to pull dried up leaving me with a 930$ standing balance. I now have a job at Taco Bell, I'm renting half a duplex, and my family grew to have an adorable kitten named Kage. (Kah-gay since everyone i meet asks me how its said)

&amp;#x200B;

So today, I'm stressing about money, the usual. I call up my office of financial aid to see if I can take a fall quarter loan to pay off my outstanding balance. Apparently that's against the rules, whatever. i call my cashiers office to see if I can get a payment plan. they told me that all that will happen is my refund checks will be garnished until the 930+late fee of 15$ is paid in full. But I will still be able to register and take classes, fine, cool. I go and check my financial account to see how much the the 930$ hole will hold me back after my Pell grant, Tops scholarship, and college scholarship (in total, exactly 5884$ income). My outstanding balance after the 930, and my fall quarter costs?

\-1,154$

I'm in the Black! I will actually be *making* money for going to school with no loans! What a relief. With that extra money, I can get car insurance finally, the tags redone, take my cat to the vet, and possibly even get the legal proceedings this fall quarter to get my name changed started. I cry.

Life can get better anons, dreams do come true, I didn't even need to be hit by a campus bus for this to happen. All of you out there make sure you take the government for everything they are worth. If you are poor, your parent won't/can't help, and you're in college or going soon, get taken off of their taxes, become an independent adult, if they choose to still help that's whatever, but the gov. will screw you with so many unsubsidized loans it's ridiculous. 

That's all ole auntie Luna has to say for today children. Take my message of hope, and lessons from my fails, and do better. You're the only one that can really help yourself.

&amp;#x200B;

(I wish i could add multiple flairs, because this would be Rant-Advice)