Just posting a mental health vent because i have alot on my mind right now and i dont know how to cope. 
Im incredibly nervous, i have a headache, i barely slept last night, im sad, and im scared for my future.

i think i’ve managed to summarize my problem with school pretty well

1. school focuses on putting a dehumanizing letter to a child’s name that will define how their lives work. when what the school should be doing is actually teaching students things that are worth teaching

2. schools don’t make an effort to help struggling students, instead they try to fix the students

After some thought i found a good way of describing myself, im like an old clunky computer with extremely low RAM. When im given anything more than 1 simple task i overheat and shut down/ my blood boils and i get a headache.

since i can’t handle a lot of things at once i know that my mental health would majorly improve if they just gave me less/easier work. like they do for other students
however instead of giving me easier work so that i can comprehend what’s happening around me they instead assign 3 strangers to me that try to change my personality. they try to rob me of all uniqueness. they try to make me conform to how the world expects me to be when i can’t physically be that person

instead of accepting that speaking to people makes me scared and nervous and working around that to find a way for me to get work in **and** be more comfortable they opt into getting some bitchy woman to talk down to me and dehumanize me until i’m stuck in a permanent state of acting like someone i’m not
it’s like if you wanted a spotted dalmatian but as it grew it  turned out to be spotless. but instead of loving it for its uniqueness you tattooed spots onto it and constantly told it it’s abnormal

It feels like the entire school system is built for neurotypicals and to emotionally fuck up neurodivergents 

Every time i need help with something they ignore the problem and act like *im* the terrible problem that needs to be fixed.

I feel like 50% of me is made from shattered glass and 50% of me is made of puzzle pieces. Im missing parts of both sides and the parts i do have dont even fit together because they are completely different objects. 

I wish there was something I could do to change the system and help anyone who feels the same way as me but there isn't anything i can do and it hurts. 

Thankyou for listening I just needed to collect my thoughts somewhere all into one place. I need some ideas on how to deal with this aswell...