Just started at a new school and I feel... lost Hello everyone. So a bit of backstory before I start I guess, I’ve been in a proper school from grade 1-4, then I decided to do homeschool for grade 5&amp;6. From grade 7-9 I went into a kind of centre about 3ks or so from my house, which consisted of like about 10 people.

Now in Grade 10 (tomorrow will legit be my 3rd day) I’ve gone back to a proper mainstream school and I’m really feeling it from a social point of view as well as a academic point of view. 

I have 2 or 3 “friends”, but I don’t hang out with them all the time. Another person is new to the school and pretty much in my position as well, this person was extremely nice to me and we spent about 2 breaks together so far, but since the other 2 or 3 friends don’t get along with this person it tends to get a bit political and I feel compared to the first day I got there to now things are a bit edgy. This person is going through a lot of stuff in their own life, and likes to be by themselves a lot... I’m the opposite tbh. They’re still really nice to me, I just don’t want to create bad tension with anyone on my first few days nor specifically this person who was so nice to me so I tend to stay out of the politics although I still feel bad for some reason. I could elaborate on this if needed. One of our classes are full and I took their desk so they have to sit out of position in kind of the front and use a desk from another class, I feel horrible about that as well. I offered for them to sit in the desk I took but they refused and said it’s fine, Idk if they got pissed or not but like I said I don’t want to create bad tension with them because they’ve been really welcoming and accommodating to me...

I’m someone as I mentioned before who’s shy, and lacks confidence. I don’t even have the confidence to ask questions on our class maths WhatsApp group in fear or getting left on seen or something, stupid I know. 

I struggle with Math, like really bad. I legit got 0/40 for a paper. They asked me to write a grade 10 paper on my first day and although I’m extremely rusty with maths I still found it a bit hard and on top of that they were basics, I should’ve known a bit. I’m also struggling with Physics but I joined the school late so I naturally just do need to catch up to get on par with everyone else. I’m just in my head kind of waiting for one of those success stories to happen where someone goes from Zero to Hero but I honestly am starting to not believe in it anymore. I know I have to put hard work in math but idek what hard work in math is anymore... I 

I’m kind of at an all low point right now and don’t know what to do. Maybe I’ll like this school as it hasn’t even been a week and I’m trying to settle in but it’s a 50-50...


The reason I’m posting this here is so hopefully fellow teenagers can relate to me... so with that being said, as a fellow teenager if you have any advice, what would you give me in terms of not being alone in breaks/making new friends, being more communicative and getting more confidence as well as improving academically? Thank you to anyone who does so, I really appreciate it.