I've never felt so lonely It took me a while to gather up enough confidence to open up about this. Hopefully you guys, gals and non-binary pals won't judge me too much about this.

I (15M) wanted to have a boyfriend for a while. I wanted to know how it felt, but also because I was really lonely. I wanted to have someone that I could be more intimate with and that I really could be vulnerable with. Don't get me wrong, I do have friends, and they all care about me and love me, but it's not the same as having a boyfriend.

This summer, I joined a Discord server. It was about a yaoi game called 'Camp buddy'. I knew about the game, but I didn't join for that, I joined for meeting new people. I finally managed to find someone that I loved and that loved me back. I really loved him. He was the only person that made me happy.

About a month ago, we broke up though. He didn't talk to me very often. He was always offline on Discord, but always online on Epic Games and the Nintendo Switch (he always played Fortnite on there, that's why). I was getting really depressed about that, so I decided that it would be best for me if we just broke up. I felt really sad about it (and I still feel like that to this day). I don't want to be in another long distance relationship ever again. I'm not ready for one and I don't think they're the same as real life ones.

Since then, I've always felt lonely. I only had momentary happiness from random stuff that happened in my life (like meeting up with some friends). Everything seems so dull now. Even worse, my family is very homophobic so I'm pretty much on my own here. They don't let me do a lot of stuff that other people's families consider pretty normal (like letting my hair grow long). This only makes me more depressed.

I recently downloaded an app for finding new Snapchat friends called Hoop which allows me to filter by country, in the hopes that I'll be able to find someone that loves me. No luck, I can't find anyone. Also, I'd rather not use that app because weird people could be on there and I don't want to deal with that and because most people aren't even remotely close to where I live.

There's a guy in my school that I really like and he's bi. I'd really love to hug him and talk to him, but he already rejected me a couple of years ago, and even this summer.

So, right now I'm just stuck. There's nobody that I can talk to and maybe even be boyfriend with at my school. Pretty much everyone is straight, and most of them even homophobic. I don't know anyone else that is gay and that I could at least talk to them and get to know them better.

I feel like there's no hope for me. I never felt so lonely.