Curse online school At first I was like great now I can beat off, watch tv, be on my phone. And it was good like that I can’t kept my grades relatively stable but after awhile things became tedious, every ounce of interest that I’ve had have been sucked out and i could have 50 assignments due and I don’t have a care in the world, I’m worried about me, it’s not that I don’t wanna do them I just... don’t. I mindlessly scroll through Instagram seeing all my “friends” have the time of their lives, accepted into colleges, beach days with their bf or gf. And here I am doing nothing absolutely nothing. On track to become a bum.

I’ve been that one friend who subjected themselves to ridicule (starting at middle school). I was always the subject of the jokes and took the worst of the “roasts”, I was always the borderline friend, the bus friend, the lunch friend, outside of school there was no contact. I never got too deep with anybody, all it took was maybe a month of not talking and our “friendship” would be forgotten. I’m an extrovert and even though I knew 90% of the people I knew didn’t really care about me I craved laughter and interaction. Online school has deprived of my fuel and for the first time in my life, I feel a slight depression, a general dissatisfaction with things I use to enjoy or to people I love. I think too much. What makes it worse is that I have no direction in life, before I had a general interest in everything with no clear path but it was something tangible at least now I just await day time, count the minutes until night time “wash and repeat” day by day.

I just wanna go back to the time where I played Minecraft in 2011 after my baseball game and ran to my dad when coming home from work and hearing my mom talk on the phone while cooking dinner. Maybe stay up an extra 30 minutes and in the morning eagerly hop on the bus and talk about Pokémon. And go to class where we read books like lotr, Harry Potter or eragon. Huddle around the one kid with the DS until we got a DS. Play super Mario bros on the wii and maybe fall asleep at night while the Minecraft theme song gently soothes your brain too bed...