Day #6 of posting my short stories! The woman in blue and the man, wondered aimlessly through the new desert. The sand felt wet, and yet the air dry. It was as if they were trapped on a tropical paradise. As they wondered; they saw strange sites, such as decrepit buildings and ships larger than life. The glittering blob followed along behind them, rising from the drain. The blob had gotten larger, incorporating parts of itself that had been long lost. As they walked, large vicious looking rain clouds enclosed the desert, watching them as they continued exploring the knew landscape. The man was wearing clothing that many could describe as rags, his hair dusty and curled. He walked with the woman's hand in his. They had not know each other, and have never spoken, but to both of them, it had just felt right. The man had a little weight in him, but was otherwise fit. As they walked, hand in hand. The blob of microorganisms drew closer, it wasn't threatening, rather it was comforting. The buildings that covered the old ocean floor were in the style of castles, modern buildings, and futuristic complexes. There were no roads and all the buildings were random distances from one another. As they continued walking, rain had began to fall, moistening the air and causing the desert to cool. They walked inside one of the buildings, a small warehouse type building, it had a large metal roof with a vented ceiling. The walls were covered in algae. As they sat in the building, the rain grew harder. Trees began to sprout and grass began to grow in the wasteland of the ocean floor. Large butterflies the size of backpacks flooded the area, pollenating the life that had grew from the sea floor, the sand turning to dirt. The butterflies swarmed the warehouse covering the floor around the pair. They all had unique designs, and when they sat still, the warehouse looked as if it had extravagant tiles. The pouring rain, slowed to a drizzle. The mist polluting the building. The wings of the colony gently flapped. As the took flight, two butterflies strayed and picked up the pair, holding them as they took flight. They flew, through the dense overnight jungle, towards the mountains in the distance, the jungle slowly dissolving behind them, reducing back to what it had once been. The tree tops all interwoven, as if it were all one tree with many branches. As they descended upon the mountains, a storm brewing around them, they came upon a cave. The butterflies did not hesitate as they swarmed into it, navigating the tight passageways skillfully, as if they've done this many times. Eventually they erupted from the peak, a volcano of butterflies each more elegant than the last. The stream had dark blue highlights, with a unnatural yellow tint. They unleashed the pair near the top of the peak. The peak being littered in snow, felt comforting, and cozy. The foot of the mountain was utterly blocked out by deep black clouds. As they wondered around the peak, they saw a man. He had a mask obscuring his face, yet you could visibly see his beard. He meandered his way closer to them, and as they approached each other, the mountain gave way to the man in the mask. He started to skid quickly downwards. The man in rags, for the first time, let go of the woman in blue's hand to try to grab the man. Just like that, time had stopped again, snow flakes stood still in the air, and butterflies frozen in mid flight. He grabbed the man's hand, and time stood still. He cautiously pulled the man up, making sure he would not fall. He went back to the woman and grabbed her hand, and just like that time had resumed.

(And please check out my [WattPad)](https://www.wattpad.com/story/219986789?utm_source=android&amp;utm_medium=link&amp;utm_content=story_info&amp;wp_page=story_details_button&amp;wp_uname=BearWurst&amp;wp_originator=LJgsagZk9vt879Snt5Gc19aPVeb7HrHUAOYaJ50W0SQhW4GgricW5vyu%2F9oYcHfnDv4xYKTQp3xgoMhbkNGe7XIWmh1uhbqk4GAEAx7tLoGwtiai1FrfLwMxyi7zIjY3)