my friend just dipped on me and now im sad. and since i have no one to tell, ill tell you guys so i havent seen this friend for about 3 years.

and he finally came to visit me and was gonna stay the night.

he was at my place for a couple hours and then he called his friend.

they exchanged about 4 sentences in a language i dont understand.

and then he hung up and said im so sorry.

so i asked whats up and he said his friend locked himself out of his apartment.

and i guess he has the key because he had to go back to his friend.

so then i dropped him of at the bus station and waited for the bus with him and he dipped.

he is coming back tomorrow to hang out so i guess i dont suck that much.

but it still hurts that this dude ditched me like that.

i really did my best to make him comfortable.

i let him drink as much whisky as he wanted.

and gave him all the food and drinks he wanted which he didnt want much of that but i still offered.

i quit smoking but still had some really good rolling Tabaco laying around so i gave that to him.

i know you cant buy friendship but i still wanted to be as nice as possible.

i really dont know what i did wrong how the fuck do you entertain people.

we talked for a short while and he seemed to have fun talking but started to call with a friend halve way through.

and then we talked again for a while and he called his friend again.

and that was the call i talked about and as i already said he left after that.

i feel kinda sad now because i dont know what i could've done differently.

i sad about being ditched like that but that doesnt really matter to much to me.

i just want to know what i can do to keep people entertained next time.

so can you guys tell what you guys do because i feel like i failed my friend because i couldnt entertain him.

not that i feel bad about that since he ditched me like that but i still want to know what i could have done better.

hope you have a great day and thanks for reading through the whole post

the post is pretty long so i didnt want to go to much in detail but if you want me to elaborate feel free to ask me