I keep on finding myself hating my dad because of the things he did to me years ago. TW // Mentions of s%#cide, h&amp;m@ph*bia, r?cism, y@lling, v!01ence, use of the word “r@pe” as personification

I feel like my dad’s an asshole. He’s racist, sexist, homophobic, transphobic, and just an asshole in general. I’ve noticed that he’s been yelling at me a lot less lately, but I don’t feel like he actually means it; I feel like he still stays true to his beliefs from 4 years ago and merely suppresses his emotions just to paint a good image of himself.

When I was 7-13, he would constantly yell at me for not behaving at school and would constantly compare me to my sister and cousins; he still continues to do so to this day, but to a lesser extent (he doesn’t compare me to my sister anymore, but he does with my cousins). I have ADHD; I was diagnosed at the age of 4 and haven’t taken any medication for it until last year-ish; I take Guanfacine and Adderall, having started my Adderall prescription about a couple of weeks ago. When I was not on any ADHD medication, I would always act out in class; I got out of my seat, didn’t follow directions and I was just not on my best behavior in general. He mainly yelled at me and my sister because our mom divorced him and he didn’t have anyone else to yell at, so he took his anger out on us.

I had an IEP plan (I now have a 504 plan), and I’d always have some bullshit behavioral report sheet that would rat me out and tell my dad what I did wrong. He’d always look at me with that scowl… that fucking scowl. My sister, my dad and I would walk to his truck parked by the water tower and he’d always yell at me on the way home—raising his voice like a student’s hand—mainly about my shitty behavior, but he’d also bitch and moan about how long it took for me to exit the building and comment on how my sister would exit the building within seconds; I’d take probably five to seven minutes at a time to walk out the door, mainly because I was disorganized, and the third-grade classrooms were much farther from the front door in contrast to the first-grade classrooms, which were literally 50 feet from you as soon as you entered the building. He’d get pissed if it was either cold or raining, and he’d get super pissed if it was both.

I tried getting in touch with the school psychologist there, and my dad got pissed off at me for telling her that she got mad at me, because apparently, law enforcement came to our house. I don’t know what happened, I don’t know if he was full of shit, but all I know is that he told me to keep my mouth shut. The fucking audacity of that 5’5” thumb.

He made a lot of bullshit empty threats and promises, such as threatening to send me to a school for “bad children”. He even pretended to call the “school” and ask to enroll me, even though I saw the home screen light up on his screen, so I knew he was full of shit. Nevertheless, I was scared shitless, and I still carry a decent sum of trauma from that era. I only remember the yelling most from 3rd grade and 6th grade, which I will discuss the latter more.

In 6th grade, I began utilizing Windows Movie Maker to mainly make shitposts and YouTube Poops, but my dad didn’t like some of them—and if he didn’t like them—I had to delete them. It didn’t matter if they had 10 likes or so; if he didn’t like them, I had to delete them. My mom tells me that he was just being a parent, but I beg to differ; he wasn’t the fucking CEO of YouTube and those videos sure as hell didn’t violate any Community Guidelines, so why the fuck should he have to snoop through my fucking YouTube channel to look for videos to delete? I mean, I don’t like my content from 6th grade either—but not because it was inappropriate, but I just think it’s shitty content now. Keep in mind that the “worst” thing I did on one of my videos was slap the PornHub logo on there as a joke.

Honestly, I was going through a very depressive state at the end of 6th grade, and my last day of 6th grade was cut short when my dad came to pick me up because my math teacher saw me show my video in class and contacted the “Student Support Center”. Student Support Center my fucking ass. As much as I miss my old school, nobody batted an eye when I threw away my bad behavioral reports; I could’ve had 2-3 bad marks on my report out of the 25-30 possible good marks there and he’d consider it bad. They called my dad, he picked me up, yelled at me on the way home, and that was that. He said I couldn’t watch any more YouTube because it was “raping my mind”. To me, it was an escape from his bullshit parenting—something to keep me occupied, because I sure as hell didn’t want to spend any time with him. He fucking forced me outside in the 90°F weather all by myself and expected me to play. With what? With who? I didn’t have any friends in that area, mainly because the middle/high school complex past our own fucking backyard (which I attend now) didn’t even know that I exist. 

I don’t know specifically when, but I came out to him as bisexual. He laughed at me, called me names like “Mr. Bisexual”, and took my Xbox. I brought it up with him a couple of months ago, and his excuse was that he knows that “kids have some sort of obsession with sex”. Maybe it was my poor wording of the situation way back then, but if the first thing that comes to your mind when your child opens up your heart to you like that is sexuality and deviancy, maybe you’re the problem. Furthermore, my mom told him about the situation and he said that he didn’t take my Xbox. Either he has a poor fucking memory, or he’s a gaslighting scumbag.

After he found me on YouTube, he yelled at me and sent me over my mom’s house, where I had to wrestle my stepdad to get out of my room and leave me alone—I cut his leg with my key, and it looked like it hurt; it wasn’t a deep cut, but it was bleeding. My mom complied with my father and revoked my electronics—and that night—I tried to kill myself by hanging.

There was a loud bang on the floor where I fell. My mother came upstairs and asked what was going on, and I told her I tried to kill myself. It took 20 minutes of convincing her that I did until she noticed a mark on my neck left by the extension cord I used to try to hang myself. I got admitted to a psychiatric hospital until July 1st.

When 7th grade came, I pretty much took after my father and was just rude and obnoxious in general, and not to mention very bigoted. I was racist, sexist, homophobic and transphobic without even knowing, and that phase was extremely regrettable. It lasted until around 9th grade, but I wasn’t out of the woods just yet; I still thought that white privilege was a myth and that reverse racism existed.

During the summer of last year, I recorded my dad and his then-girlfriend arguing and posted it to Snapchat because I thought it was funny, and my dad saw it via a family member and yelled at me. I’m not saying he shouldn’t have reprimanded me; he had every right to, but he takes shit too far sometimes. This was when online learning began, and everyone was 3 months in. I wasn’t doing too well in my classes, but I wasn’t failing. He said that if I don’t get all my assignments turned in, he was gonna throw my computer out of the window, and I still failed to do so. The funny thing is—like always—he was full of shit and didn’t do it.

Some weeks later, my dad went on a rant on how the media lies and how Black Lives Matter was a terrorist organization, and I just sat there for 20 minutes spacing out and then I went upstairs and vented to my friends on discord. After that, I made a TikTok—and yet again—he found out about it and yelled at me, and he intimidated me into handing him my phone, but I didn’t give in. I ran from him, but he put his hands on me and pinned me to the wall. I yelled “Take your hands off of me!” repeatedly, and then he instead victimized himself and then gave me some long talk which was pointless enough that I don’t remember what he said; all I know is that he said something like “I told you to give me your phone, which is why I did that” and “I didn’t hit you”.

And as of November or December, I’ve been thinking about all the shit that he has done to me, and I’m not sure if I can forgive it. Just a few weeks ago, we moved into a new house and while he and my sister were gone at the store, I didn’t really do much of anything, but rather just laid down, ate pizza, and took a shit, but not in that specific order. When he came back, he berated me for not setting anything up or whatever. The worst part is—when I tried to help—he criticized me and just made me feel like shit, which made me want to help him even less. I tried to take matters into my own hands by trying to do things independently, but my dad just yelled at me and said “Don’t you walk away from me!”. My mom then picked me up a couple of hours later, and then I vented to her about how much of an asshole he was acting.

Next time I came over there, he acted like nothing fucking happened and victimized himself and said that “I was making him feel like shit”. A few nights later, we bonded over music until 2 in the morning. He said something racist and very unnecessarily like “This is the kinda shit that scares black people” (I showed him a song from a death metal band that I like), and I didn’t like that. The very next day we went to Lowe’s and my dad couldn’t find something when we got back. He berated me for forgetting shit—which is what I suggested (he berates me for even the slightest of my errors)—but it turns out that I forgot if I forgot, and it was lying on the kitchen counter. After I told him, he jokingly said something along the lines of “Maybe you’re not as much of a shithead as I thought”, like don’t say that?? That shit fucking hurts, and he of all people should know that.

Whenever he victimizes himself, he always says shit like “Why don’t you talk to me anymore? We used to be best buddies!” and acts like he’s anything but the problem. Is he the problem?