My school system is such bullshit. A little while ago, I made a post talking about my regional championship match. I didn’t think I made it. Well, I actually did qualify. I know, exciting. 

Guess what my school system chose to do.

NOT LET PLAYERS PARTICIPATE IN THE STATE TOURNAMENT!

Why? Because they are worried that other schools attending state would not have the same Covid rules as them. By the way, my school has one of the worst track records with the handling of covid. They just make rules but give no solutions, shocking. But, let’s give them the benefit of the doubt. Maybe, they are generally worried about students spreading Covid from other parts of the state. Well, that can’t be true because the entire regular was against teams from multiple counties with different rules! Every. Single. Match. So they only care now that students have achieved something. Just so you understand how the rules are, my school made my shooting team wear masks while firing. Yes we were indoors but every shooter was just under 7 feet apart from each other so it was just a rule for the sake of rules. Even better, no other county had this rule. So, their reasoning is bullshit at worst and incredibly inconsistent at best. That is basically their covid motto. That and gross mismanagement and incompetence. 

This doesn’t just hurt our county either. They let us compete for a slot at state and only made this rule today. This means that other students that are allowed to go to state won’t go because our player beat them. This means that some kid who has worked his entire season for this is being denied entry because another student who worked just as hard was also denied entry. I was shooting for about 4 hours a week at minimum for the past 4-6 months trying to be the best I could, and I can’t fucking compete. What good are sports if the competition is taken away?

Feel free to rant in the comments about your school’s dumbass decisions. I know that I’m not the only one being fucked in the ass by inconsiderate and incompetent r*tards who need to resign.