My opinion on: Career is an option Just for a quick note, I agree with BLM movement, I disagree with ALM movement, and I agree on cops being people who support and enforce a racist system of justice.

So i've seen a lot of people sharing around posts about how career is an option while being black isn't. I disagree with the first part, since CAREER IS NOT A CHOICE, to many people. ALL of the people who say that career is a choice are people my age, who still live with their parents, and has never made a single cent in their entire lives, and definetely can live on their own. On the other hand, older people at the young-adult-age, college students, college graduates, part-time workers, etc. has NEVER done anything to claim that career is a choice.

Why? Because many people are depending on their careers to live. People who say that don't know how hard it is to make money, to make for a living. Some people work all day from sunrise till midnight just so they could have food to eat and water to drink, only for you to say that career is an option. Your parent's career is what gives you money. The money for you to live in a bedroom with an air conditioner. The money for you to have a nice meal 3 times a day. The money for you to have 8 cups of water a day. The money for you to to have a phone and a fast internet connection, only to say that career is an option.

"But a lot of celebrities say that career is an option!" It's because they are celebrities who make millions of dollars from a single instagram fucking post. If you can make millions of dollar from posting shit in instagram then of course it would be easy to say that career is an option. They can quit their jobs and still have millions of dollars in their bank accounts. While a lot of people need a constant income to live.

Now, i expect people to bombard me with hate comments and, because either your lazy ass didn't read my arguments, or you read the whole thing, but your spoiled ass still need money from your parents. So don't make any opinions about careers if you dont even have a job.