After nine years of my parents being divorced, I’m just now starting to feel sad over it When I was eight (8) years old, my parents split and my Dad got primary custody of me. When I first found out they were separating I cried, but since then I’ve always felt pretty neutral about the whole thing. Recently my grandmother and I have been looking at old pictures, and I’ve stumbled upon many of my parents while they were still together. Now I’m starting to feel weird about the whole thing.

By the time I was old enough to start forming memories, my parents were already doing bad. My mom stole a lot to buy cigarettes and painkillers, so my dad grew resentful and refused to work with her to fix things - even when she started getting a little better. The only reason they were together as long as they were was because of me. They wanted me in a household with both of my parents. Eventually Mom cheated on Dad because she was so lonely, and that’s when Dad divorced her. Now all these years later they’re both in happy committed relationships, and I couldn’t be more grateful. 

But seeing these old photos of them really makes me sad. I guess because I never got to witness them being kind to each other, seeing them in these photos where they actually look in love... I’m not quite sure. I guess it makes me wish I was there to see it. Or that things hadn’t happened the way they did. Some of these photos are of when they were only a couple month older than I am now (17) and it’s really weird to see. Part of me wishes they had worked things out, but another part of me is glad they separated, because they just weren’t happy. But seeing them when they WERE happy is really fucking me up. Especially because my dad doesn’t care about her anymore. My mother has told me that she still loves my dad (not romantically) but my dad has told me that the only way she concerns him anymore is through my relationship with her. Maybe I wish that they could still have a mutual friendship. After her cheating I get why Dad doesn’t like her... but I just wish things were different. 

I love my dad with all my heart - he is the most important person in my life, and he always will be. My mother and I have had a bit more of a troublesome relationship, but her and I have recently started bonding again. Maybe that’s why things are starting to hurt. In the nine years they’ve been apart I’ve never been bothered that I don’t have parents that are together. But now it’s just different. I don’t know what it is I’m feeling. Is this just a really delayed reaction? Is there something that I’m missing? Am I just emotional for no reason? I don’t know. All I know is that I miss my family. 

Late night car rides going home from Walmart. Going out to eat for Mexican food - where I’d always get a grilled cheese instead of real Mexican food. Sleeping on the bed with our cat laying by all our feet. Mom making buttered noodles while Dad helped me with homework. Going to Aunt B’s house with Mom, or going to the park with Dad. Even though they weren’t super in love, they were still there together, being good parents and being cordial. At least until the last year or so when it got really bad. I miss it... a lot. But seeing them in these photos when they were truly in love is something I miss even more, despite not witnessing it myself

This might not be the best place to post this particular rant, but I just needed to put it somewhere. These are very recent feelings. 

Tomorrow is my Mom’s birthday. August 20th. She’ll be 42.