My friends kick me out of their group because I muted them Backstory:

I recently joined a group of people to play with them from r/reddeadonline and we have been great friends since the first few days. 

Story:

Today me and another friend were playing red dead online and the rest of them that were in the party were playing fallout 76. I don’t care i just mind my business mostly paying attention to the person I’m playing red dead online with. 

Apparently something happened in fol76 that causes all 3 of them to start screaming their asses off. With a headset set to max volume, that will give anyone ear trauma. I simply mute them because 1. They were playing a game that i wasn’t and were having conversations that i wasn’t. And 2. They were screaming into their mics about god knows what it was half gibberish. I mute them and move on. 

Not even 5 minutes later the person I’m playing red dead online with tells me to unmute them and I do, as I trusted that friend. They greet me with them calling me a “toxic asshole” and that i should go fuck my self. I remain calm (although I would normally return the favor with more insults, however I felt that  it would only make the situation worse if I added feud to the fire) while trying to defuse the situation. They are getting so toxic and so pissed off. I don’t even understand why. So I just ask them when are they being so toxic, what could I have done? Well it was because I muted them, they were this upset because i muted them because they were screaming at a fucking shithole that was fol76. 

I just state that I was going to mute them again to let them calm down and realize what there were doing and saying. After that they BLEW UP. They even started throwing personal insults and were screaming as loud as they could. I muted them because I just didnt have the energy to argue them especially when they were this mad. Another 15 minutes later my friend tells me to unmute them and I did as I actually thought they had calmed down. Which they did, to a degree. They calmly said that they were going to make a vote to kick me out of the group, “for what?” I ask. And they just say “for muting us, as this kind of toxic behavior is not allowed in our group”. What about them screaming and cursing at me because i muted them because they were yelling before? What about when they were wishing I get a deadly disease and that my mom gets killed because I muted them? They chose to forget that ever happened because not mentioning it would have benefited them more than actually just forgiving me mad moving on.

They hold a vote and the very biased poll was the three toxic assholes that started this mess FOR kicking me out of the group, and the one AGAINST kicking me out of the group was my loyal friend that is actually a good friend. So obviously I get kicked out. They kick me from the party. And my friend says that he will remain in the group but i don’t care since I know he doesnt have any trouble with them and I can’t force him to leave. 

Yea I need to find some new friends to play with but I’m pretty glad that they kicked me out because I don’t want to play with anyone who acts like this anyway, so at least i won’t have to worry about them ever again.