How should I make the first move to kiss my girlfriend. Dating for a month and a half I know this might sound like a typical highschool relationship ,but this is my first serious relationship and I want to do this right. I[17M] have been dating her [16F] for about a month and a half ,but we have been talking for over 5 months and just recently I confessed I liked her but we have discussed what we want in a relationship and we are both dating to marry and not just dating to date. I talked to her dad because she wanted that but I told her I wanted to aswell. Her dad [55M] said this is her first relationship and that he wants a healthy relationship and he said that I can put my arm around her and kiss her on the cheek and hold hands when I feel it’s right too. He asked though to come back to him when I want to kiss her on the mouth and he explained how that level of affection is a lot for a woman and she will get attached to it. Both our families live in a Christian home. I don’t know when the right time to kiss her is. I kissed her on the cheek one time when we hugged but I felt like she either didn’t realize it or she ignored it because she didn’t kiss back. I feel like i’m overthinking this relationship. I have kissed multiple girls in the past but this girl I don’t want to mess it up. I see a bright future with each other. I’m pretty sure she hasn’t been in a relationship before but she has talked alittle about the people she used to talk to in the past. We both hang out atleast once a week to grab some food or something small. We also don’t have too many places to go to kiss like outside wise because it’s getting a lot colder and I just don’t want to mess up our relationship. Should I goto the father first as a respectful thing to do or should I kiss her then ask her dad later down the road. This is new to me and I feel it’s weird I have to ask her dad for permission to kiss her. Also I feel like a month into dating is a good time to kiss but at the same time I hear about people kissing on their first date. What is y’all’s opinion on this?

Thank y’all 

TL;DR : How do I kiss my girlfriend for the first time , her dad told me to ask for his permission before I do so. Dating for a month and a half.