Got in trouble for my resting face when I was in grade 8 (story) This is pretty long but I figured people would find this somewhat interesting. Typed this pretty quickly so sorry for spelling errors and such. 

Im now in grade 11 and have been 4 schools in total. I know for a fact that where this story comes from is actually the worst school I have ever been apart of. 

So every year we had this thing that was pretty common among schools. Typically near the last block or 2 of the day a basketball game was organized (teachers vs students)  and all of the grade 6, 7, and 8 students were invited to watch. I always thought that being there was pretty shitty especially because sports dont interest me much and I was always behind in grade 8 so it pissed me off a little that I wasn't allowed to stay behind and work on some due assignments. 

So one year in particular a friend of mine was on their phone beside me looking at memes awhile trying to show me. We weren't supposed to have our phones (for whatever reason) and so I was a bit nervous he would get caught. I told him to make a better effort in hiding it so he doesn't get the thing taken away from him and he does try at first to make it less obvious but subconsciously went back to being on it causally. 

I had my drawing book with me at the time (I was only allowed to have it because it helped with anxiety) and was sketching something. Suddenly I heard a teacher from the bottom of the bleachers say "put your shit away!" (Wasnt uncommon in this school for teachers to cus but if a kid did it you got sent home) and thinking she was talking to me, I looked up  and glanced at the teacher. I realized she was talking to my friend and so went back to drawing. 

I look back up again not even 2 minutes later and see shes suddenly staring at me. A bit freaked out I tried going back to drawing but I was aware of the teacher watching me in the corner of my eye. Suddenly I heard my name being called by her. I didnt think I was on trouble so I came down smiling and asked her what was up. She told me to sit at the front of the bleachers and the fallowing conversation happend, 

Me: huh? Why? 

Teach: You were glaring at me. Do you understand how rude that is!? 

Me: glaring?? I looked at you for a second thinking you were talking to me earlier! 

I got pretty defensive and we went back and forth. I kept trying to tell her its my resting face, and I can look pretty intense when drawing even a simple sketch because im focused. She refused to believe me and instead sent me to the office for "making excuses".  

I go without question and she doesn't fallow after me right away. When I arrive there the office lady asked me why I was sent there and I attempted to explain my unfair situation. But before she could respond the teacher who sent me there showed back up and grabbed my wrist borderline throwing me into an empty office just to yell at me. 

We loudly went back and forth. Through I was trying not to yell I still kinda did since I was starting to panic after being yelled at for somthing I can't really control. Not to mention that I have anxiety ticks that caused me to start twitching while agruing which only got her more mad and accused me for faking and trying to get out of the situation without apologizing. Eventually I scream "I'm sorry" and ask her if I can finally leave. Yet she doesn't let me because my apology "wasn't a real apology". 

She then threatened to call my mother if I didn't give her a proper and calm response detailing why I apparently glared at her and to stop twitching.

I saw an opportunity to get out of the situation so I continued to refuse forcing her to call my mom hoping my mom could somehow help. It only got worse from there as she tried telling my mom I glared at her after she told me to put my phone away. That was a mistake to say since I didn't have a phone with me and that it was still in my moms car which she happened to be in during the call. My mom told her this information and asked if shes sure I glared and didn't just have a resting bitch face. 

Seriously this went on forever, the teacher continued to agrue with her as if she knew me better saying that she taught my grade 6 class and that she "knew that look". my mom eventually had enough and told her she was going to pick me up from school and to let me get my stuff together. She tried keeping me there but an office lady who could hear the teacher on the phone (by listening using the other phone in the office) told her she legally wasn't allowed and to let me get my stuff together. 

I took a mental day off the next day.