My school just made the worst decision A few days ago, I posted about how my school was thinking of going back four four days instead of two. The way it is currently is that students with the last name A-K go in person on Tuesday and Wednesday and students with last names M-Z go Thursday and Friday, and it’s been working perfectly. The idea that the school board proposed is COMBINING the two groups and going so that ALL the students are together during the four days. This is a horrible idea. 

For starters, COVID cases in my state are rising dramatically. I live in a sparsely populated state, so this number is not as dramatic as the numbers in New York or California. In my state, 337 people were tested positive. That’s a huge number for my state with a population of just under one million people. In my city, we are running out of ICU beds and some old folks homes are volunteering their space for people. We don’t get the vaccine for a few months at least, and now our governor is trying to repeal are statewide mask mandate set by his predecessor. Looking at the numbers and the politics, it’s not a good move. 

Secondly, I’m worried that the school is rushing this just to appease the parents. The school board has been hounded since the start of quarantine back in March about when we can go back. They had no plan then and they don’t have one now. Three times in the 2020-21 school year, they’ve changed the day when we were all supposed to go back to “normal.” First it was September 9th, then October 14th, December 2nd, and now officially February 2nd. In all of that time, the students were told only by their teachers what was happening. The students were left in the dark and not at all consulted about this idea. In fact, half of the teachers were left in the dark with vague messages. One message even said, and I quote, “We are aware of the dangers involved. This will put students and teachers at risk, but it is a necessary risk.” They are admitting that it’s a dangerous idea. 

Lastly, and this is my own opinion, but I feel that the number of attendees will plummet. After we go back in person, a bunch of people will get sick, students and staff alike. In some classes in my school, it’s physically impossible to maintain a 6ft. social distance rule, something that is required within my state. Our numbers will skyrocket. Currently, my school has had 15 total cases (although, I’m willing to bet that that number isn’t the most accurate). Astonishingly, that number is the lowest out of the high schools in my city, with the highest at 62 or 63. However, it won’t take long for our numbers to match their numbers. Pretty soon, we’ll have to go back online and the school board will sit back and wonder, “Huh, wonder why that happened.” Then when school starts BACK up again in August or September, there will be a very small number of people attending in person because they will be so discouraged to show up by then, that they’d rather attend the online academy. 

I don’t agree with the school. I think the board needs to have a meeting and listen to the students’ thoughts and opinions because all of my friends have similar thoughts as me regarding this issue. Will they listen? Probably not, but it just might work.