teachers, family, trust, fun, classmates, and friends. Ok here's the thing, some people aren't really competitive right? And here's when the school pulls a fast one on us. As some of us might know, theres some schools that have bands. All bands are hella competitive. They make you decide and sign this thing, it  basically says that you'll be in band for 2 or 3 years. They do thing during freshman year or something. They even do this in karate or whatever. class or so I heard. No biggy.  But how are you supposed to know your interests an year from now? 

Here comes the teachers part. What the fuck is with those people? They preach about trust and being a family, but this one time, I told them a secret, which really wasnt that big, but the point is that she told. I owe them nothing. They dont owe me anything. I dont even know their family. But I'm expected to do it for her/his dead mother? Fuck off. I have no idea why, but for some reason, they really love humiliation tactics to get what they want. 1st humiliate me in front of a few classmates. I can handle it. Tell my classmates it okay to humiliate me in front of the class if they other teacher asks about what happened? Sure??! Why the fuck not? Let's go all out right? Keep mentioning it through out the lesson? I get it, I fucked up now can we just drop it? 

"You've improved alot, but I was harsh on you so you would get mad and improve?" What did you think it was going to happen? Everyone reacts differently, some cry, some get mad, some want to quit.
Couldn't they have pulled me aside after class.? 

"You been doing this for an long time and you cant even do this?" Well, I've been doing this for *fun* dipshit. I wasn't doing this cause I wanted to go to nationals. 

"___ class didn't care cause I made them the best" I'm not in that class, and I cant take the pressure, of performing in front of thousands of people and trying to make best in the state or some shit. Then they get super mad when we dont make it. If we do male it, they then push us even more hard and use the success against us. " that class that came before you was the best statewide, make it to the nationals this year!" 

Even though I may be a bit of a hypocrite here, I'm trying to stop doing it. Im sure everyone feel this way, and its probably not a big deal, but I'll say this anyway. When someone fucks up, dont turn around and stare. ITS ALREADY BAD ENOUGH DAMMIT. 

........

I really dont care about this, but it's just fucking awkward: if you're going to give gifts or whatever to your friends, give it to every one of them, not just a selective few. Cause everything valentines day or Christmas rolls around it gets awkward sitting with my friends cause they dont really know me and gets gifts for their more close friends. I dont care, but it gets pretty old really fast to pretend you didnt notice birthday invites getting handed out or, teddy bears or gift bags. Seriously can you hand them out somewhere else. (I lied, I do feel kinda left out) i understand that you want to gift the friends you've known since kindergarten. 


I'm the kind of person who cherishes the few friends I have, because I swear they don't last for 2+ years. 
We always fall out of touch. I know this part is out of place but the thing is that I have a friend, shes from last year. And I like to think we're really close. But this year we've fallen out. I need to get this out of my system, and well, I'm kinda jealous. See she has this friend from last year, that she starts spending time a lot with this year. We have each others phone number, but shes not answering my texts. I dont want to walk up to her either because it awkward to just say hi and walk away. I'm not best at starting conversations. That friend group was the only one that didnt try and get me to open up and ask me a ton of questions. I dont talk a lot at school--it might just be me---but everytime I open up a bit, people look at me weird.  I'm not usually that torn about it when we fall out, but this time I am..



Sorry for dumping all this personal stuff out on you. I know it hasn't been really long since my last post