My last days in this sub - Here is the advice i have to offer to you all \- You will make mistakes, very often and some more severe than others. But nobody is a good person despite their mistakes, people are good BECAUSE of their mistakes. Accept what happened, move forward and become better.

\- Seek to find a strong, loyal friend group and not popularity. At the end of the day and in your darkest moments it is your friends who will help you, not the followers liking your pictures.

\- You will be around drugs and you will probably try them. Do your research on whatever substance you decide to try, test it and be safe. A drug is not good or bad, its something that makes you feel a certain way. The problem lies in why you want to feel that certain way in the first place.

\- Different roads lead to the same destination. If somebody is at point in life where you want to be, dont get jealous, bitter or resentful. You will get there but in the meantime just enjoy your own road, because you're the only person who will live it.

\- Take advantage of every opportunity given to you. People tend to only ask once, whether someones offers to teach you an instrument, martial art, language or a simple fact that you didn't know, take it. Everybody is an expert on something, teach when necessary and learn at every opportunity.

\- Don't be afraid to let go of your strongest believes. It's okay to be wrong, but its not okay to remain wrong if shown otherwise. Strive to find WHATS right, not to BE right.

\- Stay true to yourself, dont ever let go of what you believe to be meaningful. And don't panic if you don't figure out whats meaningful to you straight away. Meaning can be like your keys, the harder you look for them, the more frustrated and angry you will become. But you might just happen to stumble upon them in the most unlikeliest of places.

\- If ever stuck between two options, choose the second. Because if the first option was what you truly wanted, a second option never would have mattered in the first place.

\- Not everything happens for a reason, sometimes horrible things happen and thats okay. When you shatter into a million pieces, you will rebuild yourself and you will be more than what you were. You just wont see it until afterwards.

\- Don't compare yourself to others, just to who you were yesterday.

\- Have your opinion but don't let your opinion have you. It's okay to have views and beliefs but if your opinion keeps you from thinking reasonably, it in now a problem.

\- Don't ever love somebody more than yourself, you are the only person who will be by your side through everything, so learn to love and live with yourself.

\- if you want a dog, adopt one

\- floss

My PM's are open to everyone. We are in this together. Thank you for reading

Also i understand there was a similar post a few weeks ago. I was planning on posting this before i saw it, but the more wisdom shared the better. I hope I could help :)