So for ELA we had a summer writing assignment for a very short story. I finished mine, but seeing as my parents are unwilling to offer criticism, I was hoping some of you might :D (apologies for any spelling or grammar mistakes) Curious Doors
Doors are not curious things. They stand, swing on their hinges, and are all around quite useful things. You can always tell something’s useful when everyone has them. All good little doors are seen, and usually not heard, because doors know how to keep their mouths shut. Mine, however, was a bad little door, and was heard quite clearly as it slammed onto the ground. I turned my barstool to stare at my fallen door, hearing my refrigerator stop the last of its vibrating from the impact. I also decided to look, to find the cause of my misbehaving door, and was met with a rather odd pair, one of which looking like he very well was strong enough to break my poor little door down. I was, immediately thrown into the depths of confusion. I was not remarkable by any means, certainly not to enough to warrant a door-smashing session. The pair waltzed into my small apartment (stepping over my slaughtered door) and walked around the counter to sit across from me. As I said, they made a rather odd pair. A massive man with a small head who must’ve been on something, because those biceps were far too intimidating to have been real, and a thin, lanky man with his eyeglasses perched so far on the end of his pointy nose that I had to stare for a moment to appreciate their balancing skills. They still hadn’t said anything, but had the gall to light their cigarettes without first asking me if I minded. I didn’t, but that wasn’t really the issue. I had never seen these two before, only knew that they had slain my door.
“You have slain my door,” I said, hoping it was a suitable ice breaker.
“Forget the door,” The thin one said. I was genuinely surprised that he didn’t have some nefarious sounding accent, but more sounded like someone who would walk up to you on the street, hand you a brochure for some obscure product, and start talking about how deprived you were of vitamins you didn’t know existed. “We just had a few questions about the last few days.”
“Was it necessary to kill my door? You could of at least knocked before escalating to such measures.” To be fair, I probably wouldn’t have answered even if they had knocked. I was famous among my few acquaintances for not being a very prompt door-answerer.
“We are in a little bit of a hurry.” He replied, glancing at his watch as if I was the one wasting his time. “But first, tell me. Are their any other... occupants of your home?” In my head, I translated this to: “Is anyone gonna find out if we kill you?”
Despite this, I went against my better judgement by replying, “No, just me.” The lanky man (who I had privately started calling ‘Lanky’ for simplicity’s sake) nodded, first to me, then to the large one next to him(dubbed Chunky). 
“You’re quite sure about that?” Lanky seemed to be quite cautious of potential witnesses.
“Apartment’s as empty as my door frame.” Lanky did not take that well. He narrowed his eyes at me and Chunky slammed his hand down on the counter as a non-verbal threat, creating an impressive vibration.
“I thought I told you to shut up about the door.” Lanky hissed at me. I put my hands up in a surrendering motion, and Lanky exhaled deeply, then looked back up at me.
“Enough of that. I want to know about the animal skull that you received yesterday. How do you know the professor?” I was, again, hurled back into the confusion pits. At this point, I had been thoroughly convinced that they had the wrong person.
“I have no idea what you mean. No clue, no door.” At this, Lanky spun around so his back was to me and lobbed his lighter into my refrigerator with impressive strength for a man of his stature, leaving a small dent a little above the handle.
“Doors can be replaced! Your life ca-” Lanky was cut off by Chunky mumbling something in his ear. Lanky’s face changed into an emotion I couldn’t recognize. He straightened his already ramrod straight spine and cleared his throat. 
“Say... would this happen to be apartment 170?” He asked weakly.
“No, this is 178. The bottom of the 8 fell off a while ago.” 
“I see... It seems there has been a minor... misconception... We’ll be taking our leave...” Lanky walked very quickly over my still deceased door, with Chunky hot on his tail. Once they were out of my apartment, I thought about my short encounter with them. People are such curious creatures. I looked again at my door, still lying on the floor. It was in the exact same position as before, with nothing to hide. I concluded that doors make much better company than people, for doors are not curious things.