My parents told me to leave the house (18 M) Before I begin, please excuse my grammar because English is not my first language. My parents told me to leave our house. I'm an instagram influencer so I have enough money to get me by. I am also a scholar  at my country's top university, so I don't have to worry about how I'll pay for my tuition fee. I have a boyfriend (Yes, I am gay. That's one of the reasons why my father does not like me.) and he has his own place, so I don't have to worry about not having shelter. My father does not like my presence in this house, because they keep insisting that I changed. I used to smile a lot, but now I am mostly sulking in my room. I cry every night because I have a lot of shortcomings as a son. I'm really tired. They do not know the reason why I have suddenly changed, but I am sure it is because of my depression. My boyfriend took me to a psychiatrist a few months ago, it turns out I am depressed. I refuse to take my medicine because of its side effects. When I tried to tell my dad, he said mental illnesses are not real, so I kept it to myself. We had an argument a while ago, he told me I should leave his house. The problem is that most of my money is with him. He borrowed my money when he had nothing to feed us, He owes me around 2000 USD and he is in no condition to pay me that amount right now, which is why I am having second thoughts of pushing through. 

I love my parents, I would never replace them even if I had the chance to do so. However, I do wish that they would open their minds (and possible their hearts). They seem to measure love through the amount of things that they can give. They were able to give me most of the things I asked them for, but they were not able to give me the love that I need to be able to get through ny problems. There are times wherein I resorted to self harm, because I can't take the emotional pain. My heart would hurt so bad. Last week, I cried myself to sleep. I cried so hard, I tried to keep quiet, but the words won't stop coming out of my mouth. I was crying for help, because the pain was so much. I ever prayed for help, but nothing happened. It was one of the worst breakdowns I had, I felt like my heart was about to pop. 

Sorry for the unorganized ideas, but to sum things up:
1. My father told me to leave the house during an argument. Do you think I'll be able to make it? (Considering the factors above)

2. I'm gay. It's not a choice, but they do not understand that. If it was a choice, I'd rather be straight. Things would be so much easier as a straight man. 

3. I'm depressed, but my family doesn't know. I tried to tell them, but they do not believe in mental illnesses. 

4. I live in a toxic household. I cry a lot, especially at night, thanks to my family.

Please help me think things through. Any tips? What should I do?