Last Night Was A Shitshow, But It Was Also Fun. I wanted to tell someone that wasn’t the people I was with, so enjoy the story, it’s kinda a long read.

I was planning to hangout with a girl I like, who I’ve known for years, and I’m becoming very attracted to, since leaving my last relationship.  As well as her, we were going to pick up one of my best friends and going to smoke a cart together.  I drove and picked her up, and not gonna lie, it always feels like a date.  We drove into the town nearby, which is like 10x larger, everyone works there and does whatever there.  We really just talked for a long while.  My best friend we were picking up from work later on, and he was supposed to get the cart, but off of someone we know who works across the street from him.  Turned out, this guy left his car unlocked, and someone came and stole the cart, and his personal belongings, as well as a pair of shoes he had.  It was like $500-$700 in stuff, he was just glad they didn’t take his sound system.  It’s a mustang, so I guess it would be a good target for breaking into, but I still don’t understand.  Her and I grabbed coffee, which was at my ex’s work, and she got *really* pissed, to be honest, my ex didn’t like this girl for some reason, even though we were great friends.  It kinda felt good, because she cheated on me with someone I dislike, but still won’t be able to get with, and in return, I humiliate her by taking no time to start hanging out with someone who’s really faithful, and has dealt with the same shit as me, and that all of my friends like, and that my ex hated.  It was very amusing, she said some stuff like “Ummm, what the FUCK are you doing here?” and “What is going on?”.  We looked at the survey thing on the bottom of the receipt, then wrote a review detailing her being a dick because of problems outside of work, and cheating on her boyfriend with a guy who is in a 3 year relationship with a girl he lives with.  Those reviews get printed and put on the wall, might hurt for a while lol.  Felt really good to get back at her for cheating, but to be honest, I didn’t even think about the fact that she was working that night.  Anyway, guy in the mustang bought another cart, because he owed it to my friend.  We got it, and drove back to our home town, took it 100 down the highway, and smoked the cart in a gas station parking lot, then we went out to a really pretty dam that’s a few miles further down the highway, we ended up racing somewhere over 120, but this fucker almost caused a 3 car collision.  We had to be in the left lane to get off, and there was a car in the right lane, he changed lanes with **inches** of clearance between the cars.  So we stopped off at the dam, we were there for a few minutes, but then some really fucked up things happened.

To give context:
*My crush had been dating an absolute nut job.  He cheated on her 6 times in 5 months, he would get on top of her car so she couldn’t leave, he fucking punched a dent into the back of her car.  He unadded every guy on her snap, and if you talked to her, he would try and fight you.  Matter of fact, when we started just talking again, he tried to fight me, he’s not even dating her lmao.*

Anyway, so he took the worse picture he had of her, and wrote awful things on top of it, then posted it to 2k+ people.  We were so pissed off, we ended up picking up more people and coming to this kid’s house to fight him, he always wanted to fight, but he didn’t show up, and we all just went home.  He wanted us to come on his property, which means he can defend himself with any means, and this guy is actually fucking crazy, he would’ve shot all of us.  I drove her and my best friend home, I dropped him off first.  I comforted her the whole time, big moral support guy.  I feel kinda bad for making the kinda subtle move, but we hugged and held hands during that time, and I made her feel better.  Just don’t know if I should’ve done that in a sensitive time.

Overall, fucking crazy, this was in the time span of 3 hours.

TLDR: Pissed my ex off, someone’s car got robbed, did a drug deal, smoked a cart, raced down the highway and almost crashed, got posted about to 2k+ people, rounded up people for a fight, and hugged and held hands with my crush in one night.  Holy shit this is what teenage years are about.