i am struggling, so heres a huge rant post hey, i need to get some things off my chest, and i dont really have any friends that will listen to me. ive been having a hard time at home because my sister is depressed, she wont get out of bed, go to therapy, talk to me or my parents or do anything, for a few days, but then be okay for the next few. She's blaming it on my dad for yelling at her, and for her not liking her room. I understand she's probably a bit traumatized from my dad yelling at her to get out of bed and my mom just being absent and focusing strictly on work. My dad and my mom dont have a good relationship as it is, so when my dad yells the tension just rises. I try to be there for my sister and i thought we had a good enough relationship for her to want to come to me when shes sad but i guess its not like that. Every time i try to talk to her when shes in a depressive state, she says nothing to me. I try to get her engaged and talk to our friends, since we share a friend group, but she is always focused on the idea that our friends never reach out to her. Along with this, I don't feel comfortable telling any of my friends or my boyfriend any of this for numerous reasons. My friends are nice and i like them alot, but me telling things to them might mean they tell my sister that im gossiping about her to them and she would flip out if she found out about that. When I try to talk about this to my boyfriend, he turns the tables onto himself and starts to talk about his problems and leaves me sadder than before. Its a long distance relationship, so communication is key and i know that, but its so hard to tell him that he is hurting me because he will turn into the "im such a horrible boyfriend" or the "you should just break up with me" and i really feel bad after that. I mentioned it once before and we had to work through it for a week, and i'm not sure how i would tell him that. He also tends to bring up my not so perfect dating history and all the reasons that he shouldn't trust me, which makes me feel like absolute garbage. 

So that's where im at. I have no idea who to talk to anymore and i dont want to see like a burden to any of my friends or my boyfriend or my parents. I just feel like cutting myself off from everyone for a few days to think shit over but then again idk. sorry for shitty formatting, im just ranting