Having friends cancel plans while also not being invited This has been eating at my for quite some time now and I think this is a good place for me to just get this off my chest. I've noticed a trend during my years in highscool and my first year of college of people that I considered friends not really caring about me at all. One  example that always comes to mind was for my birthday party during my Junior year of highschool. My birthday falls on a holiday over the summer so I decided  to instead have the party the day before my bday so that nobody would worry about having to cancel because of their families. This however was a major mistake because out of the 16 people I invited, only two people showed up. Mostly everyone canceled the day of with excuses ranging from having to take a younger sibling to practice (Which I didn't mind) to having to attend their father's birthday (I know not everybody is on the greatest of terms with their parents, I know from personal experience with my father) But I just don't how this happened when I made this plan at least a month in advance while everyone was still in school.But the one that bothers me the most was the friend that couldn't make it because she had a job interview, I still wished her luck but was still somewhat upset because it felt like everyone kinda just forgot about my birthday. I then later find out that the same friend that canceled for the job interview didn't even go to it. I also use to hangout with a group of friends, some of which I knew since middle school. They'd occasionally invite me out to things which I greatly appreciated but as soon as I confided to two of them in the group that I was feeling bummed out lately and just not myself they stopped inviting me places. I don't understand why, I even mentioned it to one of the people in the group but that hasn't changed anything. They still all hangout and post it to their stories, in fact they might be hanging out right now. I fortunately still have some friends that are willing to hangout with me but one is in a different state and the others have their own issues and I don't want to burden them with mine. I can go weeks without talking to any of my friends unless I reach out to one of them and I honestly feel like it's taken a massive toll on my mental health and self-esteem. I just feeling the forgotten, unwanted and ignored friend and I'm honestly sick of it. I just want to disappear to somewhere knew where I can forget about all of them because I know for sure they won't even notice I'm gone.

TL:DR: Friends I've known for years stopped inviting or even interacting with me after I told some of them I didn't feel like myself anymore.