Posting evil facts about historical figures you love until I stop being a cynical asshole day 19: Thomas Edison I mean, we all know Edison didn't invent the lightbulb, but he did play his part on the team. He still took full credit anyways.

Some other things he took credit for were movie cameras, X-rays, record players, power generators and wax paper when he had little to nothing to do with any of them.

In fact, he used to have associates travel around the country, possibly the world, and find young scientists working on things. They would then be invited by the great Thomas Edison and present their inventions for a patent. Then, the Great Thomas Edison would present his "own inventions" and patent them.

There is one thing he invented, though. He was in a feud with a rival electric company. Edison advocated the use of direct current and his rival advocated for alternating current. They each had pros and cons. At the time, they didn't know how to get alternating current to power anything while direct current could, but at the same time, every house and factory would have to come with their own generator in direct current.

Edison thought that he had found the tie-breaker. If you touch a wire with direct current, the electricity stays in the wire, thus completely safe. However, alternating current, he believed, could kill you. To undermine his competitor, he said that the only thing that alternating current was good for was a "quick and humane method of death." 

He purchased many animals of many sizes, like a monkey, a horse, a dog, and even an elephant. Edison then hooked them up to wires made by his rival to the animals and electrocuted them to death. He claimed they died painlessly, so he designed a chair to execute people on death row.

Around that time, a man confessed to killing his wife. He was sentenced to Edison's chair. He obviously never lived to tell us, but the doctors believed that the agony and pain he felt was beyond our imaginations. 

"I take pride in the fact that I have never invented weapons to kill." He later said.