Hi all, i tried posting on suicidewatch with an alt but I need someone to know I'm here, and you guys are pretty active I copy/pasted it, trigger warning for everything I guess. I just want to know that someone sees me, you don't have to help or comfort me or anything, just acknowledge that I exist. This is my main account but I feel like im on the edge of a crumbling cliff and I'm going to slip off soon 

Here goes

I didn't lose my childhood, I just never had one in the first place. Stuff goes much deeper than this, but here's a summary.

Background: mentally abusive mom. As a small child both parents "disciplined" me. Stopped around when I became a preteen 

Wanted to run away when I was 5. Elaborate thoughts of murdering my family at 5. Tried to kill myself when I was 7. Started self harming at 10. Anorexia at 12, relapsed badly this year. Out of the hundred of times I've cried, maybe 10 were not because of my family.

It's so much worse than the summary, but I don't want to spend 45 minutes typing about my pitiful childhood.

I used to have friends, I get the feeling they didn't like me much because none of them talked to me at all after quarantine started. I haven't had a real conversation with anybody I know in months. I thought I'd be fine on my own, and I was. Recent events at home have pushed me over the edge (it wasn't even anything big, just something that made me realize something else). 

I hate this fucking world and I hate myself, but I hate the people who ruined my life even more. I want my sister to go to hell and to be tortured for the rest of eternity. I want my mom to see how much suffering she caused me. I know she actually does love me, but she's fucked up and had never gotten help for the multiple mental illnesses she has.

I'm a narcissist, a perfectionist, I'm self absorbed, I'm selfish, I'm immoral. I am also in the 99th percentile for all the school tests I've taken, I'm going to be a freshman taking on-level senior courses, I'm an amazing artist with work featured in state galleries, I play 5 instruments, and I'm a straight A student. But it's not enough. I tried so hard to be a good person and I guess I still am in the standard way. I would help clean up a mess someone made, I pick up trash, I'm nice and friendly to strangers. The truth is that there's no such thing as karma, and bad people don't get punished by some heavenly force.

I'm on a long tangent but reality is reality and I'll never live a normal life, with normal memories and a loving family. So I'd rather feel nothing. I'm planning my overdose soon. I don't even want to think what will happen if I fail. Thanks world, you were beautiful and cruel.