Fuck you mom. TW for a lot of things. Why did I get you?

You can think what you want about me being a fucking tough kid, but you're a fucking tough mom. Fuck you. YOU. You singlehandedly made both my sister and I develop depression and eating disorders. YOU, not the internet or the kids at school no matter how much you want to believe that. It's always been you.

When my sister wanted to kill herself because you constantly made homophobic comments and tried to shame her into saying that she would give you grandchildren, when you made her want to be straight so bad that she self-harmed and fucking tried to deny her sexuality to herself, when you insisted that she's confused and hormonal and that it's those girls at school who've messed her up, when you said "I have gay friends though" and then made your daughter feel like shit and literally *dread* the rest of her life knowing you'd always be there to put her down, FUCK YOU. When I've gotten used to her sobs as she cries herself to sleep every night now, when I have to console her because no matter how shit you are she just always needs your approval, when she's fucking 16 and doesn't want to marry because she knows you won't come to the wedding since you're so ashamed of her and her wife-to-be, when you throw around slurs and make 'predatory lesbian' accusations, fuck you. Fuck you with a fucking cactus so you can start to feel what fucking pain you've put my sister through. I don't FUCKING care that it was different in your country, you're here and you've SEEN the wrong in how you were raised so don't give me that SHIT excuse for what you've been doing all these years.

When you started gaining weight as soon as you moved here and are now obese, when you're always telling us to get skinnier and to never be 'a fatass' like you, when you tell us you'll be so disappointed if we ever gain weight fuck you. Oh, fuck you to the highest degree. When I started gaining weight on my chest and hips because, what do you, I'm a fucking teenage female, when you made me terrified that I would spiral into obesity and told me no one would love me if I were fat, when you always, ALWAYS showed my thinness off to our family like I'm your fucking trophy of a child, fuck you. When I developed an eating disorder and it was so blatantly obvious, when I was *begging* you for help and you did nothing, when you caught me fucking making myself throw up and just made me take my FUCKING vitamins instead of even considering asking what the fuck was wrong. When my BMI was at fucking FOURTEEN and you only made me start eating because you thought the other parents would accuse you of starving me. When I was so sick that you made me eat half an apple and I wanted to kill myself, I should've given you a big fuck you. And then as I got to watch my sister start developing the same thing I had barely started to get over, knowing there was nothing I could do because you'll always insist that she doesn't need a therapist, fuck you. 

When I stayed in bed for days at a time and only got up to use the bathroom, but it took two suicide attempts for you to finally give in and let me see a therapist because yes, I have fucking major depressive disorder and no, it's not teenage hormones, fuck you. When my sister clearly needs help and directly asks you to let her see a professional but you deny her because you say it's too expensive despite making six figures and spending thousands each year on tons of mattresses you end up throwing out because you don't like them, FUCK YOU. When you tell me that I have no reason to be depressed because I 'live in a good family and am safe', fuck you. When you make fun of me for being afraid that my FUCKING school is gonna get shot up because multiple kids there have threatened to fucking kill us all, FUCK YOU BITCH. 

You can't make me love you, just like how I can't turn you into a half-decent parent. I don’t care if you cry or guilt-trip me. You think I haven’t noticed that you only act sad when we’re around to feel pity for you? What are you gonna do about it, threaten our phones? When you found out I was depressed SOLELY because you caught me trying to kill myself, what did you do? You took my phone. Nothing else. Dad was the one who got me help. FUCK YOU. GOD you say you know what depression is but you *don’t*, you really fucking don’t. You had miscarriage after miscarriage and ‘begged god’ for children but this is how you fucking treat them? Fuck you, and FUCK YOU got using my fucking miscarried brother as an excuse to suffocate me and my life. What is wrong with you?

But of course, I still have to *love* you and *worship* you because you brought me into this world. Of course, I wish I was never born in the first place and you’re a big reason why. YOU. I can suck it up as much as I want but there’s only so many times I can hear you say the n-word and just dig my nails into my palms to stop myself from speaking up, because ‘it’s just a joke’ or ‘it’s different’ in your country. Fuck you. You’re racist. You are a racist. You look down on black people in your office and talk to your kids about how we should seek to surpass black people in our careers because ‘they live to see us fail’. You and dad are Salvadoran. We are Hispanic. We are a minority, oppressed as any yet here you sit on your fat fucking ass trying to put others down even lower than you are. You can mock black rights movements as much as you want, that doesn’t make you a better person. Fuck you.

I don’t say anything when you try to push your Christianity; at least I didn’t use to until recently. You know why I’ve started speaking up about it? You know why, when you say gays go to hell, I’ll speak up and object? You know why I no longer have fear for consequences? BECAUSE YOU CAN’T FUCKING TOUCH ME BITCH. You can hit me and take my shit and kick me out and never speak to me again, and I’d be HAPPY OUT OF MY MIND. As soon as I graduate high school I’m going to a fucking far away college so you don’t visit me and ruin my life there too. I’m ASHAMED of you, and you know why? Because I’ve spent five years trying to educate you but you don’t listen. You never listen. Why would you? You put me down and then beg me to give you grandkids, and say that you’ll move into my house with me and my husband. Fuck you. I don’t even know if I want a fucking husband or wife or spouse, and if I do have kids which is a fat fucking chance then I’m not letting you touch them unless you reevaluate yourself. 

And now you forced me to go to this private Christian school, this school where I don’t want my last name to be called during attendance because as soon as they realize I’m Hispanic these white children will give me looks as they theorize that my family is in MS13; and did I say something about it to you? FUCK YES I did. And did you listen? No. No, of course not, there’s racism everywhere you said and it doesn’t matter where I am you said even when you pit me against all of these prejudiced beings you want me to repent for MY sin of not fitting in. 

I’m going to smile and nod for three years. I will go to college and get a job and then when I’m able to support myself, I will never have to sit through your sermon of my unforgivable sins again. I don’t know if I love you and I definitely know that I don’t like you, but there is one thing I do know. You use me as a way to fulfill your need to have the post-card family and then treat me like absolute shit, so I’ll use you to support my career until I can do that myself. The difference is, I won’t spit in your face and threaten you with the belt when you don’t get straight As. If you need money, I will give it to you. I will pay your hospital bills and I will be at your funeral. I will remember you ripping up my drawings and deleting my stories from my laptop and throwing my phone across the room, but I’ll still take care of you. You’re not my mother anymore. You’re just a stranger I take pity on. 

I am grateful for one thing though, and that is that you have taught me thoroughly what I don’t want to grow up to be. 

And now, you’re telling me to go get ready for bed because it’s 9:12 and apparently you’re too tired to ‘watch me’ even as you sit on this couch next to me and watch TV, and even as I sit here typing this hoping to make it another day without snapping. 

So I will go get ready for bed.

Goodnight, stranger. Perhaps if you change, we can introduce ourselves.