AITA for choking my boss? Okay first off im on mobile so sorry if this format is bad.

4 months ago my friend who we'll call "John" got into a fight with my boss who we'll simply call "Boss" after Boss was looking for his first dime and he accused John of stealing it, after about 2 minutes of fighting John squeezed Boss's eyes and walked out.

I tried to convince John not to quit but John made up his mind.

1 week later I found John living in a cardboard box (which was confiscated by the bank) and I noticed he was eating one of his paintings, I offered to let John stay at my house, after a few minutes he accepted.

The first night was decent,  he only requested simple stuff so over time around 1 week later he got a little more demanding and my cat was getting annoyed.

1 month later I was getting pissed but was to scared to say anything.

Then so much time has passed that the old narrator got tired of waiting and they had to hire a new one.

I was reaching my breaking point and after he had me wear a french maid uniform (im a guy) I had enough and gave very obvious hints that he should get a new job and after 5 minutes of bickering I had enough, I broke the roof if my house and drove my bed to my work to confront my boss, heres our EXACT conversation.

"You want your dime back? TAKE IT!!! Now John can come back right?" I said

"Wrong, that ain't me first dime." Boss replied

"Well have some more dimes I got plenty of them!"

"You cant put a price on me first dime and I cand forgive that theiving billdrat John for stealing it."

At this point I was done negotiating and i grabbed Boss in a chokehold and said "Listen you Crustaceous Cheapskate Johns been living at my house driving me crazy and you're not going to hire him back all because of A STUPID DIME?!!??"

then the dime dropped out of his pocket but it didn't look like a dime so I said "what's that?" Boss replied with "Me dime." I asked if it was a dime and Boss said "I've been in business a long time boy"

And after that John was hired back.

I feel like I overreacted Am I The Asshole?