I’m obsessing over the fact I’m not as witty and funny as my friends, I’m tired of not being able to socialize well and tired of not being in confident enough to crack a joke, I’m tired of not being able to be creative like I used to, I just want to be myself again please help. I know this probably wasn’t the most appropriate sub to post this on but I just know there’s a lot of good people on this sub and I just really need the help

I always feel like I’m not creative, funny, or witty. Yeah sure my friends have told me I’m really funny and pretty creative but ever since I’ve started having anxiety and depression it’s felt like hell for my brain. I’m honestly scared to death I won’t be able to just be myself and be the person I want to be, I just can’t put my mind to it and it really bothers me I’m really insecure about this stuff.

Then there’s something with my speech, sometimes I can speak clearly but then most of the time I fumble my words and it just sounds weird. I swear I’ve never had a speech impediment, I don’t get it, this is one of the number one things that ruins my jokes and my confidence into trying to add something to the conversation. It just puts me in an awful mindset and discourages me and even makes me sad. I’ve never had this issue it’s like just now I guess I don’t know to be honest. 

I know depression has messed with my brain a lot, I haven’t laughed a lot until just recently it’s been 2 weeks I guess maybe a month since I started laughing again and laughing a lot usually in my Group FaceTime’s, I just don’t know what to do about it I wanna always feel happy and funny, I just wanna keep feeling the satisfaction of making people’s days with my jokes. 

Tonight I went outside for a walk of course it was dark and I was listening to 432 hertz music and while I was walking I constantly felt like I was being watched and followed. I swear I kept seeing figures, I was scared and my anxiety kicked in and now I have this weird head ache. 

I don’t wanna feel like this anymore I want to learn how to be witty again, I want to learn how be happy and crack jokes, I want to be more confident in myself but my stupid brain just doesn’t want to work, there’s something wrong with my brain I can’t think quickly and I just want to think quick of a joke or just doing stuff in general. I just want to be funny again I want to be myself and the person I picture me as the person I always want to be. I don’t know how and I want to fix myself, how can I improve myself I’m so sick and tired of this feeling, please any advice helps.