I Dislike My Mother/family/life situation Covid-19. I hate it. My mother is fucking afraid of it. If I go out in public, I have to be quarantined in the basement for two weeks. I'm fine with this, I don't like interacting with my family anyways. Recently, dance classes started again. I'm doing all virtual, while other people are going into the studio and wearing masks, etc. I love dancing, it's sm fun and just dancing is so idk there isnt enough words. I was supposed to start pointe last year, but I had an ankle injury, so my class started while I either watched in the corner (couldn't dance the first few weeks), and then just continued class on flats. It was rather depressing. 

This year, corona decides to fucking exist. And of course, my mom hates it. I would be able to start pointe this year, except i can't go to the studio for a pointe evaluation because my fucking mom. and even if i did, i would have to practice at the studio so I learn everything properly. My mom doesn't like that. She won't drive me. I can't carpool with anyone because my carpool buddy stopped dancing. The only choice I have for my dad to drive me. 

My dad is a buisnessman, and he's always traveling back and forth from the US to china, and occasionally other countries to make deals. He spent a good chunk of time (January-June) in the US, when corona started he came back from china. He left Mid June, and he's going to come back at the end of the year. 

I'm not very close with him, he's always traveling. He gets mad at me when I fail to do things, such as having bad grades. He's rather violent, so I'd rather not get into that. It's not really abuse, the last time anything happened was in march, when my grades were shit. I just got a nosebleed due to slapping and afterwards he started being "mr. nice guy". 

December will be too late to start pointe, everyone will be ahead of me and already knowing shit. I practice pretty often, I'd like to say I'm decent at ballet. On saturdays, we have technique class. I'm in "senior technique" which is basically the older kids. Since we're the last people to be in the studio on saturdays, it's empty. My studio decided to split the class between three dance rooms, so that everyone can come to the studio. 

My mom knows about this, but i'm still stuck at home. I'm a rather independent person, so I enjoy my space. However, I'm the only person who's doing virtual for technique, everyone else is at the studio.  I guess you could say I have a rather low self confidence when it comes to "not fitting in" such as me being the only person on zoom. I can't dance properly at home, I have enough space and a barre and a yoga mat and my shit ton of shoes, but my flooring hurts. My mom could buy it, but she won't. I don't think she understands what a difference it can make. My feet hurt when i jump, and it's either too slippery or too grabby. 

I'm a fucking sensitive person. I cry too damn much. I shut out so many people, and i just leave them on "opened". My mother takes away my phone when my grades are shit, so I only had my phone for the first week of school. My wifi time is from 8am -8:30pm. my school starts 9pm-3pm. I have one hour  until my dance classes, which go from 5:15pm to around 7:30(MTW), and speech class on thursdays from 7-8pm. I'm a lazy procrastinator. I can get some of my work done if I motivate myself enough but sometimes I want to talk to someone, to interact yk? and i get distracted easily. 

I want to have a good future, and i'm constantly thinking about being successful doing who knows what. My mother also takes away any devices when she sees im "off task, playing games, talking to someone, " or whatever that shit is. As a result, I can't do my work. She also takes away devices when my room is a mess, I act up, I don't listen to her, I don't watch my little brother, or whatever reason.  

I'm not suicidial i just wish that I could be happy yk? I want to be back at when i was five, going to the mall for dinner and returning home when the mall closed, feeling sleepy and happy. Playing in that kiddie area with those climbable things that were hard but squishy, I dont know how to describe it. Going on road trips to a destination my younger self was too excited and dumb to understand. 

I can tell when someone likes me. I don't know how to describe it, i just know it. They don't really know what I'm like though, just what I allow them to see. maybe three-ish of them stalk me, so ig they'll read this. who cares? I dont. I don't want to lead them on or something, I feel bad that I might be doing that, and it hurts me. They don't say anything, so i can't say anything. Id prefer if they just said "i don't like you, yk" or something so that way i can be sure I'm not going to hurt them. I just genuinely want someone to be friends with. I have friends that I'm close with, but they don't understand my shit. 

They know about grades, "screen time" and that basic stuff, but I don't let them see me cry and all that deeper shit. Probably because I don't have my phone to tell them, so they've probably think I've ghosted them. It's happened before, so i hope they'll know that my mother took away my phone, but I don't really care. I can talk to them on the spot when i need to. 

My family gets angry when I don't do things their way or as soon as they want me to. For example " go wash the dishes" I'll say ok, and just chill for a minute. In my mind, Im planning to wash the dishes in 5 minutes. I just want to chill for a while. If I don't get up as soon as they say so, they get mad. it's always pulling on something to get me up(ex. clothes, hair, ear, etc).  I hate this, i don't like being controlled or asked to do things someone else's way. 

shouting. i hate it. I just hate when someone shouts at me. Not only do I feel angry, i feel like i'm dissapointing them and i feel guilty and angry at the same time. It's hard to explain. 

I don't know how much i can rant for, but thanks for reading ig

ahaha life is funny isn't it?