short scary story i wrote. Thunk. It was done. Why? Haily felt a tear well up in her eye. It hurt. Seeing her friend, so limply, yet so stiffly hang there, suspended in the misty air. Why? The dry rope creaked as the wind blew through the gnarled, twisted trees. She could have stopped her. Why? She thought this was a hike. Why?   
A rustling behind her tingled the back of her neck, forcing her eyes to tear away from her, the body swaying in front of her.   
She whipped around to face behind her. Nothing but withered, winding trees and bushes. A thick fog had been crawling through the trees. How it slithered between the gnarled trunks made it almost seem like a fluid. The creaking of rope crawled up into her ears, and she once again turned to face the body of her friend, but just as she faced where the body was, she just saw the feet rising out of sight into the foggy sky and twisted branches above.   
"Who's there? Hello??" Haily spoke trembling, breaking the empty, windy silence.  
She felt a cold, yet strangely warm, sweat crawl down the back of her neck. She sat down on the cool, damp ground, against the closest tree. It's rough, uneven bark pressing into her back. As she sat there, she curled into a ball, wrapping her arms around her legs. The long, groaning creak of dry wood and a loud snap of a tree cracking echoed through the forest, but she heard no thud. another creak rippled through the trees behind her.  
"Who's there?!" she shouted.  
"No one, but us trees." a watery, gurgly voice croaked from behind the tree.  
It felt as if it was right in Haily's ear. she could feel it's cold, wet breath against her skin. her head darted to her right but saw only fog obscured trees.       
"What do you want?? Don't hurt me!" she shouted back. Silence. cold, windy silence. another creak, but from above her head. A branch fell in front of her and made a loud crackly thump. She jumped and looked up, but saw nothing but the thick white fog.   
The voice crept back into the cold air "You are the one who called us. You have fed us, but none who feed and may leave."  
A long, black, spindly arm crept down from the fog covered treetops. Haily trembled in place. She wanted to run. She tried so hard, but couldn't move. The thin hand was smooth and slender, and cool and shiny, yet so rough. It gracefully wrapped it's long black fingers around Haily and started lifting her through the fog-smothered, wiry, twisted branches. She screamed and then everything went black.

fin.