Final Post asking for your help for right now Once again need you to tell me which book idea is most interesting to you/what you would read.

Rule of The Strong: 

Superhumans rule entire cities and an oppressive caste system has been built. Our protagonist will try to live a normal life but it all changes when a run in with the Superhuman Police changes his forever

Twoman:

Aliens have evolved and created their own system on Earth, the ecosystems have merged and created a hellscape, and thousands of years have passed. Our protagonists will meet each other and explore two different worlds and mean the true meaning of humanity

Antarctic Kingdom:

Evolved Penguins have a secret kingdom inside Antarctica, that has operated separate from Humanity for millions of years. However, when an Antarctic expedition goes wrong, the human protagonists will see how the actions of their race impacted others and see the scars that can’t heal

The Ferryman:

There is and eternal river that runs through a parallel universe that links to locations in our universe and the parallel one. It is used a method of transportation and never ends. The story will follow The Ferryman and his travels on the river and an exploration of fear with a Man vs Nature overlay

Quantum Strain:

A man trying to fix his greatest mistake via time travel accidentally creates a bunch of time duplicates and so many of them are causing a tear to form in the fabric of space and time. This story follows one of the echoes learning about this and seeking to save the world and himself, exploring the themes of Loss, Hubris and Identity. 

118:

A story of a science experiment about the essence of life goes completely wrong when actual personifications of the Periodic Elements are created, this begins a chain reaction where other personifications of substances are created. This story follows the Personifications of Hydrogen and Hellium as they explore their brotherly bond and what life really means


Beneath The Peel:

A shadow assassin ring exsists within the food industry that injects poision into food to kill high level people, it remains hidden due to no one knowing that it exsists. When someone working in the FDA dies from eating poisoned food, the whole conspiracy is blown wide open at a time when it didn’t need to be. Join the protagonists on a tale of Lies, Double Lives and Mankind’s Hidden Hostilties. 


Progenitor:

A man wakes up stranded on an alien planet with no memories, and he looks around trying to remember. He eventually find he is not alone. This adeventure will deal with Consequences, Idenity and Isolation


Shot Heard Round The World:

An Alternate History/Histoical Fiction where Space Travel was discovered in the 1770s, leading to the World Powers discovering something new, and the colonists as their wacky adventure into space begins, they discover, life is hard. The protagonists will struggle in this world dealing with Nature that wont be tamed, their own arrogance and hubris and Parliament’s fuckery


Planet Wrath:

On a planet ruled by the wrath god where the only currency is Rage, people struggle to get along, but one day, someoe deicdes to take a leap of faith to try and make a friend. This work will show the protagonist struggling through the hurdles of friendship and standing up to social norms.


Can You Swim From Berlin to Detroit?:

Climate Change has irreversibly fucked the planet, and 98% of land is underwater, only certain cities remain to support a healthy economy and planet, so people need to know how to swim thousnands of miles. In this coming of age tale, a young swimmer will navigate challenges in his body, nature and others all while trying not to drown.


Crusade The Beach:

In this Alternate World, Gunpowder is never invented, and Swords and Bows continue to evolve with time, this rapidly changes the landscape and map of the world. In this story, characters will navigate themes of discipline, respect, religion and creativity while fighting a war similar in scale to WW2.


Planet At The End of The Universe:

On A Planet at the end of the universe lies a planet divided between Blinding Light and Empty Abyss. Factions of the natives have taken up sides in a religious war of Light Cult vs Night Cult, and our protagonist is caught in the middle of it. The protagonist deals with themes of devotion to religion, child service and who is right or wrong.


The Highest Fantasy:

Earth is suddenly turned into a High Fantasy World like all the great epic stories, but what now, survival is the instinct that kicks in for most, but for our ordinary Tabletop RPG Group, a new adventure will begin. The protagonists will explore The US East Coast while learning about Frienship, Tradition and Not letting Desire consume you.


 Warriors of Hellas

In an alternate world, a life wave had caused all the solar system planets to slightly terraform, cuasing people to live on there. In this adventure, we follow the residents of Hellas join as they join a mercenary Army to fight a war at the back end of the system. The protagonists along the way will discover the world is more then what you make of it and will deal with themes of Patriotism and Blind Faith