My story. I have had a rough time throughout my life and I wanted to discuss it with people like me. I like a lot of you suffer from depression and other mental health issues. I am a bright person and I normally talk to adults because it is so hard to find friends who are like me. Part of the reason why it's so hard to find friends is how much I want to learn and (I am not trying to brag or anything) my intelligence. I want to learn and normally when I talk to an adult they say “your going places kid” or something like that. So I can’t stand kids who don’t want to learn and who don't mess around constantly in class. But I also want to be happy and have friends. I was bullied at my first school ,but the pace of things was right for me, sort of. The issue was I have a condition called dysgraphia. Dysgraphia is a motoring issue where your motor skills aren’t very good and you can’t write fast or actually . Combined with ADHD (which I also have) you get a nasty combo. You have someone who has ideas. And they want to write to them and draw them etc. But they can’t because of their motoring issues. One solution we came up with was to use and iPad to type my work. That combined with a lot of hard work to catch up and get on track. I was excelling. But then everyone bullied be for being different and complained that I got to use the iPad. They also got mad because they saw I was succeeding when using it. I worked extremely hard to get back on track, and I am proud that, but I was bullied for it. The next school I went to was meant to be for kids like me. Not necessarily kids who wanted to learn but kids with “learning differences”. This school was slow but the administration cared and I was doing great for about a year. Then it hit the fan and the school changed. It basically started excepting kids for the money to pay off its debt (it was a private school). The kids they admitted were terrible and extremely hard to learn with. I couldn’t focus and I wanted to learn but couldn’t. Every time I came to the head of the school they just didn’t care about me. I powered through and going into freshman year (this year) I was back at square one for the second time. No friends and a new school. So far this year has been a very mixed bag. I have met kids like me who want to learn, and I was ecstatic about that. But a new issue came up like always. The issue now is that the school isn’t challenging, and again I want to learn and other people are stopping me. I feel powerless because I have been working so hard throughout the years working on my depression and mental health. My ADHD and dysgraphia, but people aren’t allowing me to succeed. I also want to say that just because someone is wealthy and have parents who care about them doesn’t mean they don’t have problems too.