Posting Gnarly Space Facts Until I Run Out of Knowledge: Day 49 SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE!!   


If you get that reference, you're a real OG. As always, if you have any space-related questions OR topics for me to do a fact on, put it in the comments. See ya!  


Fact:  The Solar System is much, ***much*** bigger than you think. We all know the three innermost areas of the Solar System: the inner system (the Sun, Mercury, Venus, Earth, and Mars), the main asteroid belt, and the outer system (Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune). Some of you may even know about the Kuiper Belt, where Pluto and all of his friends are located. However, the Solar System may not even end there!    


Outside of the Kuiper Belt, there may lie a monstrous, spherical shell of over two *trillion* comets and other small objects known as the Oort Cloud. This area would be the true edge of our Solar System, and may extend out so far that the objects on the outer edges of it could actually be affected by the gravity of nearby stars. Some even think that this is the reason why many comets get slingshot towards the inner solar system, towards the Sun. So yes, when we saw comet NEOWISE last year, we may have been looking at an object from the Oort Cloud. Of course, the Oort Cloud's existence hasn't actually been proven yet, but as we learn more and more about our outer Solar System, it starts to enter the conversation more and more often.     


If the Oort Cloud's existence were to be proven, it would be revolutionary for science. The objects out there are theorized to actually be remnants of the Sun's protoplanetary disk. A protoplanetary disk is, well, a *disk* of material that forms around a star when it is first born. The current theory states that most of the planets, moons, and asteroids that we all know and love formed out of the material in that disk. However, at some point in the Solar System's formation, it is thought that a "disruption" of sorts (*cough* Jupiter), sent a good chunk of this material flying out of the inner solar system. So, if we could get our hands on some Oort Cloud material, we could learn a good deal about the origins of our planet, as well as everything else in our little corner of the galaxy.