Just hurt and confused For backstory I'm 16 now, an only child, and I'm writing this post from a somewhat detached perspective as it makes it easier to explain.

Some of my earliest memories are of my mother accusing my father of cheating when she found some pictures of him with another woman dancing. He simply explained that he was taking dancing lessons for them and that was all. Later when I turned about 10 something similar happened and when I turned 12-14 (i cant remember) I found that my father had many dating apps in the hidden section of previously downloaded apps on the app store (I have always been very good in tech and it is likely my future job). I chose not to tell my mother about it as it would hurt her and their relationship was already rough from previous fights. She eventually accidentally found out when she needed to replace her phone and I gave her access to my father's text messages through some very roundabout way and that raised hell yet again. It eventually passed. At some point in between this my family traveled back to my parents home country and while there all hell broke loose. My paternal grandparents were disrespecting my maternal grandparents and my mother tried to stand up for them. Needless to say, while in my cousins house they fought and nearly brought the house down with their screaming (they have never hit each other). Meanwhile, I sat in my cousins room watching Minecraft while my cousins stood in essentially awe at how I could be so calm. For a little before the trip and then increasingly after the trip my father started drinking more and more. It got to the point over the course of roughly 5 years that he would be falling down at my school events, I went to an almost all white, catholic school while being non religious and brown of an ethnicity that is very common around where I grew up but not common in the communities I was in. When drunk my father would get aggressive and often yell at the top of his lungs which my mother would then reciprocate as she already has and had self admitted issues controlling her volume, even when yelling at me. He eventually got so bad one day that my mother called the cops in fear that he would do something. While again, I was sitting in my bed watching YouTube. The next worst incident was when my father called out to me, very quietly, for me to come into the room and talk to him. When I '"ignored" him he then came into my room and got pretty close to me while yelling about how disrespectful I was being. At this point and until now my temper went from impenetrable to a simple button that would send nukes depending on how long it had been since I last exploded (I bottle my emotions pretty severely). I pushed him pretty hard and screamed some pretty terrible things at him for a 14 year old who got everything he could have ever asked for from the moment he was born. Throughout the end of eight grade and well into ninth grade, which I got into my top school of choice and arguably the best school in the city, my parents were seeing a mediator to attempt to get a divorce and my father was drinking a bottle of whisky, blue label if you were interested, every Saturday and Sunday, one per.

My parents were unable to come to a conclusion and my father decided that we would move back to their home country for a change of environment. For more context every time my father would get drunk, no one in my family would talk for a couple days. We would then go back to normal as if nothing happened. We moved and I can kind of understand the language but cant speak it at all. We moved within 4 months of the decision with no real plan and stayed in a hotel for like 4 months before moving into a house. During these months my dad only got crazy drunk like 5 times. I should also point out that since I was like 12 I have been my mother's sole support unit to help her through whatever she needed, being her best friend and therapist, and still am. I now go to a international school where everyone is expected to leave within 2-4 years and therefore no one really tries to make super long term solid friendships. I made some good friends within 10th grade but then as expected my closest friend moved away . During my 10th grade I only hung out anyone outside of school once and that was the friend that moved away (I did try my hardest to go out other times but it just wasn't working). Then quarantine hit and everything went even further south. I didn't leave my room let alone the house for roughly 4-6 months, during which I would typically wake up and 4-6 pm and go to bed at 7-10 am because I didn't want to see may parents at all. Once school started, I "took advantage" of online school this year by locking my room during school and playing games all day late into the night and only studying for and taking tests that counted (homeworks don't count and neither do some tests). I basically got straight B's which my parents assumed was because I was struggling with 11 grade until my teachers emailed them saying I had 30+ missed days of school. During all of this my father is back to his old drinking self except ever since I got physically violent with him, he is scared of me when drunk which is nice. I am now also in charge of dealing with him when he gets verbally aggressive with my mother when drunk as I am the only one that can stop him and am the only one in the house. They now live in separate rooms. Yesterday was supposed to be one of the best days since I moved as I was able to get two of my friends to got to the mall and finally had in person interactions. The odd part was when I got back home I was kind of happy but still had the same constant sinking, empty feeling which I then realized was because of something called skin hunger/ tough starvation. Turns out after 10+ months of not getting physical touch or affection from anyone but my family who at this point I would say I have a pretty heavy dislike for, my body decided to tell me I need it. Then at 2 am yesterday my dad came home from a night out with his friends, carried by our driver (just third world country things), with a bandage covering a huge bruise on his eyebrow. He then proceeded to repeat the patterns and sit down on my mothers bed forcing me to raise my voice at him and tell him to go to his room. I just feel it is incredibly sad to tell my drunk 50+ year old father who spoils me like crazy to go to his room. I'm pretty sure its supposed to be reversed. I asked to go out again today to get out of the house but other people have their own lives of which I have no clue what is happening.

TL;DR (Kind of): Idk i guess this is just a rant to get things off of my chest because I am really fucking sick of everything happening right now even though I know that others have it worse. My father feels that if he spoils me enough I will love him no matter what and although my mother is strong I still have to be an unemotional, voice of reason for her which has now transferred to every other part of my life (the unemotional part aside from smiling during momentary happiness with my friends). At this point I would not be surprised if my father just randomly dropped dead which he has even verbalized that he wished for and even yells occasionally that he wishes everyone in the house was dead before collapsing on the floor and refusing help to get up. To be fair, he has a lot of undealt with traumas from his fucked childhood but there is no way to help because 1. that is not me or my mothers job and 2. It is the job of a psychiatrist but he says he does not want to see in a third world country despite refusing it in my place of birth and then moving me to this shithole. School is just impossible to be motivated for as they teach us the most useless shit. My closest childhood friends are in a 12:30 hour time difference which means I fuck my sleep schedule to play with them and my friends out here are pretty nice and I'm getting pretty close to some of them but it's hell trying to make close friends with people who have never had them before and I am generally forcing a relationship with as it is a pretty small school.

Another clarification is that since 8th grade, when my parents relationship got bad, I pretty much refuse to get in a relationship with anyone (which has led to my skin hunger thing but whatever). It is a personal choice and I'm not sure if I will ever change it. It just seems like a lot of work that never pays off, same thing with having kids in the future. I have had a lot of free time to reflect on these things and just don't see the upside compared to having a close set of friends with both male and female and I guess whatever else mixed in. If you get close enough friend you can literally just ask for a hug or something (not that I am good with physical affection or very upfront with my feelings). I have considered seeing a therapist or something for my issues which my parents would be supportive of as they know I am at least a little damaged with showing my emotions but I like to try solve challenges and problems on my own so maybe in college if I cant personally develop in a way I like.

Thanks for reading or something idk how to end it if you have questions then I'll prob respond or edit as I have nothing better to do. and thats if anyone reads this