So needed to get this all out I'm (15m) in a long distance relationship with my girlfriend (14f) of 315 miles and I've noticed a few things.

My girlfriend is very self destructive she has quite a bit of mental health issues body dysmorphia, depression, anxiety and she cuts herself.

She also has other issues like cancer and she forgets things easily like recent things easily.

When we first met we talked a lot and I mean a lot we were friends at that time and talked for 3 to 6 hours a day and after 3 weeks just after Christmas I asked her out and she said yes.

We talked for 4-8 hours a day but then her friend started staying with her 2 weeks later and communication levels dropped down to 3-5 hours a day.

She hit her head and had to get Stitches and take more meds for her head so she was on 5 different meds (3 for cancer 2 for head) and this made her extremely tired.

Communication dropped to 3-4 a day I was actually lucky if I got 4 hours to be honest this has been going on for the last 3-4 weeks now.

The other day I admitted I had sexual feelings for another person I said I was sorry but she turned around and said she was okay if I went fwb with them while going out with her.

This confused me and I won't lie I did try it for a day (only first base stuff like talking about sex DW) and then I realized I didn't want it because I couldn't stop thinking about all the things that could go wrong.

I told my gf this and she kept pushing for me to do it like really pushing for me to do it so we talked about it and she kept pushing for it.

I didn't wanna do it because I love her and care for her and fwb didn't feel right for our relationship.

She kept pushing and then told me she might benefit from it too because she said she has this thing were she pushes people away and she said maybe she won't push me away because if I'm in a fwb she'll feel more lonely and it would stop her pushing me away.

Obviously I said that she won't push me away and that we can find another way that stops her pushing me away or that maybe she isn't gonna push me away.

I put my foot down and said I didn't wanna be Fwb with the guy because I love and cared for her and I didn't think it was right for our relationship and apologized for not wanting to and apologized for her not feeling the same way about it.

To be honest I really thought she would be happier that even though she gave me permission I chose to not have an open relationship for her and our relationship.

Then she cut herself after I told her she barely texted me in 4 weeks I felt really guilty.

The last week she's been texting less and I mean like an hour or an hour and a half or sometimes 2 hours although I get she's going through a lot and that's why I've been so understanding the last 5 weeks.

Valentine's Day was good and I made her a gift she really enjoyed.

She hasn't text me since Tuesday her sister text me on Thursday and said that she's been silent due to her having blood tests coming up and she's scared so she's blocking everyone out.

When she's upset she'll ignore me and not ask for help and just go silent until she's not upset but that's just how she is.

She's really sweet and kind and she always says she feels bad for not texting for ages and I feel really bad she feels that way and I feel selfish for being upset she isn't texting since I know it's for a good reason.

Side note the only reason she wanted open relationship is so I can be with someone else and be sexually happy also she herself wouldn't go in one because it's not her thing.

I disagreed to it though as I love her and don't care about sexual needs because she's my everything.

Fyi today is us being 2 months together we still haven't told our parents because she wants to wait.

Sorry just had to get all this out .