It's the Apocalypse (short thing based on u/Coffeeman314 's post) Some warnings: Violence, character death

/

/

/

It's only been 16 hours.

16 hours since the world went to shit.

What am I to do? I'm just a fourteen year old, for fuck's sake. I don't have a gun. I'm not athletic. All I really do is browse Reddit and watch Minecraft YouTubers all day. I've been holed up in a small condo-style house with my laptop, praying to *some* upper deity to end this when it gets too dangerous to go outside.

A seventeen-year-old going by the alias of Coffeeman was Patient Zero. I know this 'cause it's all that's been on the news, before they stopped uploading more info. He went insane, died, and came back right before they took him to be buried. Who knew zombies could be so quick, and agile, and fucking *aggressive*?

People have been going down, left and right. A few of my friends have gone, as well. Kyle and Aries. Last I heard Nickname was being chased, and he's gone radio silent ever since. Stormy, Hook and Ivan T.M.K. have been confirmed alive. Though I'm not surprised about Ivan (he's called The Murder Kid for a reason), and Stormy's pretty quick.

But the zombies are quicker.

As I hear scratching at the door, I stiffen and grab my Vlog Knife. It's a pocketknife that gained its goofy name from a story I'd read. It gets less goofy when you're stabbing it into someone's eye though. The door handle turns after two quick knocks, and I relax. The zombies may be fast and agile, but they're dumb as shit. Can't open doors.

'Kind of like Minecraft zombies,' I think. 

Except the Minecraft zombies don't run at you like rabid animals with nothing left to lose, only whispering, "[bite](https://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/k7pca5/bite_wanna_start_a_zombie_outbreak/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)" when they, well, manage to bite someone. it's hard to describe, but it sounds *blue*. Not the sad type of blue, the cold, disconnected type of blue that sounds like something you'd see in the Antarctic ocean, all alone.

"'Sup," I say to Hook before looking at him. He's pretty shaken up, trembling and bruised. He looks at me and chokes out, "Stormy's dead" before flinging something on the bedside table and passing out.

I run over to him and check his pulse- It's still there, but barely. I notice something under his right sleeve and check it. 

It's a small bite. Barely there, but a bite nonetheless. I jump back as if stung. *Nonononononononono.* Not Hook. Not Stormy. I'm speedrunning all five stages of grief in two minutes. 

But, might as well put him out of his misery. I grab the Vlog Knife and carefully, dutifully slit his throat. The blood spatters onto my clothes, but I simply look at it, used to the gory sight. 

Like in the movies, if you sever the brain's neural stem from the rest of the body or damage the brain to beyond a point of repair then the zombie 'dies'.

So I saw his neck off. The flesh in the throat is soft, but tiring to work through and then there's the bone, which almost takes a nick or two off my knife. But, in the end, I get it done. 

Standing up, I pop my back and shake out the pins and needles in my legs. 'There's no use crying over him,' I think. 'Everyone dies. C'est la vie.' I dump his body out my window. Not very good in the long-term, but i don't need a decomposing corpse in my house right now.

Remembering how Hook tossed something onto the table, I go over and pick up the thing.

It's a package. Opening the package, my eyes widen and I grin so wide my mouth starts hurting. I probably look like the Cheshire Cat right now, but I couldn't care less.

It's a set of lighters.

Remember how I said I wasn't the most physical? Well, there's an exception.

I start to walk out of the house, forgetting my fears and worries. Right now, I have zombies to burn. Right now, I have some things to test.

"Time to commit some arson."

/

/

Hi, how'd you like it? The characters used are all my friends, and this is my POV! I have multiple nicknames, but you can call me Arson, Mayonnaise or Chaos. Hope you enjoyed!