All because of a PS2 (if u don't care, you may continue scrolling) Little backstory: 10 months ago, my brother and sister's old PS2 died, so i decided to get a new one. I felt bad for breaking it, so i got a silver slim PS2. I ended up playing it more than my brother did, (my sister moved out when i got the new PS2) and got attatched to the thing. I bought a few games to add to the collection of PS2 games my brother and sister already owned. I loved the PS2, and i played it almost every day ever since i got it.

 Now keep in mind the old PS2 that broke was also my sister's. When she moved out, I told my sister (she is 20) that i would let her have the old PS2. And today, She got pissed off because i promised i would give her the old PS2 (i don't remember promising her i would give her the old PS2, i only remeber saying i would give her the old PS2, and remember it broke). I already have a new one, so she wanted me to give her my PS2. There was no way in hell i would do that, i already got too attatched to the new PS2 i bought. We both got in an arguement, and she claimed that i wouldn't give her games to her. I'll admit, some of those games were actually her's, but some other games i bought with my money, too.

My brother (he is 19) interviened, and my brother actually wanted me to give my sister the PS2. My sister said she wanted my whole collection of PS2 games, and the PS2, all for around 200 bucks. Look, i don't care about money, i can give her old games back, and i'll buy her another PS2, but i am not giving away my whole collection, and my PS2 for 200 dollars. Like i said, i got too attatched to them, and i didn't want to give them away. Then i started to break down crying. I didn't care about the money, i loved my PS2 so much, and i wasn't gonna just give it up like that. 

I told my sister that i'll just buy her another PS2, and she can have any game that she wants, just not the games i play. For some reason she didn't like that idea, and still wanted my games and the PS2 system. Later, i think my brother changed her mind, cause now my sister only wanted the games that were actually hers. I was glad to hear that, but she still wants my PS2.

Look, at this point, i felt that this whole arguement was stupid, and i just wanted my sister to move on, and get herself a PS2. She has a job, and a used PS2 is only around 50 bucks at my local game store. I was even willing to buy her one just to shut her up, but she still didn't like that idea. She is 20 years old, but she acts likes she's 10, she acts very bratty.

My brother told me that i need to give it to her, and she'd pay for the PS2, and her games. I disagreed, and i said that i will not give her the PS2, and that was my final decision. My brother got all pissed off, yelling at me on why i can't just give my sister her games and the PS2, and we can use the money for a new PS2. I still refused, so then he left the room all pissed off at me.

A few minutes later, he came in saying that i am an idiot, and why didn't i sell the PS2 and the games. I told him exactly "You really think i am just gonna give up my PS2?" And he said yes. I was very pissed, and i told him that he only cared about the money my sister was gonna give us (she was still gonna pay $200 for just the system, which is too over priced if you ask me). I told him that i don't care about my money, i just wanna keep my PS2. She can have her games for free, i just wanna keep the system. He told me "you're an idiot, you can just use the money she would give us, and buy another PS2." He also said that "this is why you have no friends, because of your stupidity, that's why you failed your classes"(i only failed one). Then he left the room

Damn, the stuff he said about me being stupid, and having no friends actually hurt my feelings, because i know that's true. But he didn't need to go that far.

Although yes, i could've just given up the PS2, and use the money my sister would give me so that i could get a new PS2. But at the same time, my sister is an adult, why can't she just buy herself one instead of bitching about me breaking a promise that i didn't even promise?

I have school the next day, and if i see my PS2 gone, and all my PS2 games missing, im just gonna buy a gamecube. I've always wanted one, and with the PS2 gone, i have extra space to hook the gamecube up. But anyways, thanks for reading if u are still reading. Im not even that pissed off about the PS2, just pissed at my brother on why he said those hurtful things. He treats his friends better, and treats me like im the plague at times. I honestly know he has flaws, but that's a rant for another day.

But yeah, let me know if i was in the wrong, or if my sister/brother are. I feel like i am missing some details, and there may be some plot holes, so if you have any questions, ask them down below, and i can make things a bit more clear. It's night time for me, so ima go too sleep. Good night.