[Update] I got asked out by a girl (wtf) This starts [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/jyhcf8/i_got_asked_out_by_a_girl_wtf/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share), so make sure you check it out before reading this post.

Get ready, this is a long text...

When she told me in WhatsApp that she liked me, I asked her to hang out with me the next day. Well, that day is today and I'm back from there. Well, actually some hours after that happened...

We spent two hours walking and talking in a park, she acted very friendly and nicely all the time, just as she was before she said that she liked me, and it was just like two friends hanging out. I didn't have problems talking to her, although it was a bit uncomfortable.

I asked why she liked me, she said I was handsome, which I disagree, but she also told me that I'm special because everyone else is like dumb people.. Its really hard to explain but I understood her, is like whe world is full of entitled popular dudes who think they are superior, and then there is barely any people who are actually a good person. In this case me.

We talked a lot about different things, I also used the advice you guys and gals gave me, I really appreciate it.

Then I walked her home, and that's it.


So, this is a really good opportunity, I mean, I alwas have thought about a girl who would actually ask me out, instead of me having to do it, but, to this day, I never had a crush on someone. And I still don't...

Sadly, she is not the one. It's impressive that we have literally absolutely nothing in common, and when I say nothing I mean nothing, While she makes exercise, I enjoy reddit memes on my bed, while she plays fifa on a ps4, I play Minecraft on PC, while I listen to pop songs in english, she hates music in english and likes to hear reggaeton. Also she is a tiktoker.


Also I have a problem with her way of speaking, it's not her fault at all but it's horrible, let me explain so everyone around the world can understand:
I live in Spain, where we mostly speak spanish, but also inside a community called Catalonia, where we speak Catalan. I never speak catalan, I prefer speaking in spanish, and also I don't like speaking in Catalan since it makes me remember my mom, which left us (I live with my father and see her once every two weeks) And this girl, always speaks in Catalan, which makes me super uncomfortable, I hate it... Her and my mom are the only two people I speak Catalan with.

When messaging her in WhatsApp, she abuses a lot this emoji: 🥰, (I never use emojis) and my mom uses that emoji a lot too, and they speak in a very similar way, which really disturbs me, I just can't live with it...

I love taking that off my chest, thanks for reading!


PD: I don't believe in the horoscope, but in January I did a little bit of research with a friend because we were bored, and it said that I would get a GF this year, and I wrote that down saying that if that doesn't happen the horoscope would be considered bullshit. This morning I found that and I thought that, in fact the horoscope was going to be right! Turns out nope...