Go to sleep before you begin to spiral! will delete when i wake up becuase i know i'll regret posting this hehe

These days I've been thinking alot about just taking 5 advils and ending it all or at least going into a deep sleep or something. while I KNOW I never will, it makes me sad that it's become such a normal thought in my head whereas like a year ago it wasn't even an option. like rn i just dont like life and ik that sounds cringy but like ... im always injured / in pain (my jaw hurts sm rn i cant even close my mouth my mom said i might need to get surgery if it continues being serious), i used to love school but now the thought of it makes me ancious, im really fat and ugly but im always hungry ASF, and im not even rich so i cant buy mateiral possessions to give me momentary happiness! ill never find love or true happiness  so my only point of continuing life is on the thin string of hope that i'll be rich in the future and will be able to sleep in a big, comfy bed that smells nice all the time. and i really do think i can do it and i believe that i can be succesful because if i didnt believe in myself i'd be gone by now HAHA but all seroiusness i hate being a teenager sm because (rn im blaming everything on teenager hormones and my parents genes) teenager hormones are making me so much sadder than i should be and i ahte everyone and everything and no one loves me. my mom doesnt even say she loves me like ma what the hell...? anyways girl

BTW, this spiral only began because my sister was preventing me from sleeping (it's almost 2 am 😁) because she was on a call w her friends and being loud asf as if she couldnt call them literally ANY of the 12 HOURS OF DAYLIGHT. it really pisses me off and i literally started crying because i couldnt sleep and she was laughing in my face when i told her to get off the call (our rooms r right next to each other and this wall is probably as thick as my wrist). i just want to give her a nice big haircut while she sleeps... choppy bangs r in style rn ! ... and let her suffer. starting to think up a plan... lmao just kidding id feel bad

ANYWAYSS if u read through this whole thing thank you for letting me release my emotions, i love you, take care of yourself and use me as an example of what NOT to do, unless you're also currently experiencing stress and emotional breakage from when your friend made you recall your physical and mental abuse which has also added onto this breakdown... and in that case idk what to say... youre not alone... im so hungry i had a korean cheese dog today and it was so good... and now im thinking of curry croquettes... ugh