Is it just me, or do school counselors just makes students' problems worse? Would like to hear other's thoughts on this as well as other relevant issues. Please read full thing to understand. :)  Sorry for length   
  
  When I was in middle school, I had repeated altercations with another student who wouldn't leave me alone. He kept on being a jerk to everyone around him, and I usually just stood by and watched him be that way to other students until he chose me to pick on. The first time he did so, I told him to fuck off. This ended up getting the teacher involved, and she sent me to the office for inappropriate language. Fine. Makes sense to me. I get off with a warning and keep going. He leaves me alone for the rest of the day.
    This process would continue to happen at least once a week, and I would get told off each time. This went on until he started to annoy one of my close friends the same way. That was the turning point. I had had enough of it. So instead of laying him flat on the ground, I did exactly what you're told to do in school when a situation like this occurs. I told on him. 
    Not in a tattletale way, but in a "I'm sick of this guy, make him quit being an ass" way. The teacher I tell doesn't do anything at all, (Big surprise). At this point, I have tried and tried to make the adults do their job, telling many teachers about the issue but no dice. 
    So I decided that the next time he gets in my friend's face, he's going to get sent to the shadow realm.
    Queue the next time he bothers us: I tell him off, hoping that that would suffice, but it didn't and he kept going. So, I told him that this was his last chance before I "do what needs to be done." 
    Unsurprisingly, he continues his crap, and I hit him right in the face. He screams in agony and runs to go tell on me while my friend is both disappointed in me for doing that, and at the same time, glad that I did what I had to.
     I ended up in the principals office explaining why I chose to punch the kid. He didn't seem too interested in my argument and said that I have anger issues and requires me to serve detention. That wouldn't have been so bad, but the day after my detention, I'm called to the office again. This time for my placement in a "special" group during study hall to remedy the issue. It wasn't special education or anything of that nature, it was just more of an emotional support group thing. I'm not exactly sure what they called it as my memory is a little fuzzy.
    Anyway, I go to this "meeting" thing, and I immediately notice I'm the only kid in the room who doesn't need this. Some of the other kids in the group actually had issues that I hope got solved, but to me, this was unnecessary. 
    The other kids eventually got out for whatever reasons, but I was still required to go. The meetings consisted of me getting told I have anger problems and that I need to deal with them before they get worse. That was the message the counselor kept trying to burn into my brain, and as I sat there, getting more and more frustrated with how these "meetings" we're structured, I was actually starting to get angry at this point. M (me) C (counselor)

M: "These meetings are pointless, I don't have an anger problem, I have a problem with the way our school handles dealing with rampant kids."

C: "well your behaviour certainly shows a sign of anger issues, and we are very good about punishing students and cracking down on bullying."

M: "The way you handle bullying isn't all that great, I've seen it firsthand. And I certainly don't belong here in these meetings. I tried to follow school policy of standing up for myself and others, and telling trustworthy adults when needed. What I learned is that your methods are unreliable, and while my method got me in this mess, that prick hasn't bothered me since. But no, I have anger issues." 
   
     The counselor kept going in circles with her attempts to brainwash me into thinking I had anger issues until our time was up. I was also informed that that was the last meeting that we were going to have, and that she said she was terribly disappointed in me for not making any progress. 
    I left the room legitimately pissed off and confused, but went about my day. Next week rolls around and I hear "ooh, (My name) has anger issues!) from many of the students at school. Needless to say, it wasn't really easy to reverse that, but people generally adore me now because of my stupid humor and my honest way of talking to someone. After middle school ended, and high school started, that issue faded away, and pre-coof days it was almost like the scene in Shrek 2 after Shrek and friends drink the potion. People of all sorts wave and say hi, and I've never been bothered since. 

Tl:DR; school tried to brainwash me after their pathetic faculty wouldn't do anything. Resulted in a complete turn around for me, and people like me now. 
Again, Sorry for the length