I solved a crime A little bit of back story

Last week, several people from my class got sent dick pics on Instagram from a random account. The account's name was completely random (flaming buttcrack) and our whole class was puzzled. Furthermore, the culprit was smart, he sent it to boys and girls. 

And I couldn't help it but to investigate

First things first, I know that it wouldn't have been someone from another classroom, because I am in a special class, which goes to school at a whole different time that all the other classes.(School in my country has resumed) Second things second, the people that got sent the pics are mostly new students so not many people know them. So I went up to one of the victims and then asked her to describe the dick. (I obviously didn't ask the size of it) She told me that it was white. So I narrowed down the suspects, and there were only 2 suspects left. They were Bill and Harry (Names were changed) 

Now this is where it gets interesting, I had to find a way to access both of their phones

Then I found a loophole; Bill has several Instagram accounts and if he logs on into one, all of them immediately get online (I really don't know why this happens but at this moment I didn't care) So I immediately went on Instagram and checked Bill's account, last seen: 2 days ago.(The event was 1 day ago) Crap. Then I also realized that Bill could have logged out from the account where he sent his dick pics

For 4 days after that, I was sick so I couldn't do any investigating

Then, as soon as I got better, Harry invited me to play football (Soccer for the Americans) with him and some friends. Then I was subbed off for him as I was very tired. And then, Harry asked me if I could record some parts of the match. I said yes. He unlocked his phone and gave it to me. At this moment I felt as if I won 1 million dollars. I immediately went to his Instagram and sure enough, he was the perpetrator. I couldn't believe my luck. I called the boys and shoes them and they were furious, we didn't beat up Harry, but instead we screenrecorded changing Harry's accounts and sent it to the principal

The next day, Harry was called to the discipline room and punished, he had 9 cannings to his ass(which is a punishment in my country) and he got kicked out of school

THE END

TL:DR; Boy sent dick pics, I investigate, I found culprit while playing football (soccer for Americans), culprit got ass whooped and kicked out of school

Thanks for reading