I'm sorry I failed, God Speed. I recently found this guy on a cry for help post here, I then tried to get him comfortable with me so that I can start helping him. We talked for the better part of about 2 hours, then he left for the night because it was late for him. Through that night we had talked about his self harm, suicide, what he believes is the cause for these thoughts, etc. Essentially it was about his well being and I truly cares for him because I know what it's like in that situation and I know the climb on the way back up as I have don't that climb many times before and I think for good this time. Anywho, I went to bed woke up, got ready for the day, then went with my parents to look at some houses because we would be moving soon, around the 3rd or 4th house I text him because I know he should be up by now and I can get back to work on his mental health but something was off, as he suddenly said "5 Minutes" and I was confused at first but then I realized as he said that he will be commiting suicide in 5 Minutes, I reasoned with him and reasoned with him but it was futile in the end, he then went dark after stalling him for 25 minutes, and I felt almost nothing but pure sadness for a few minutes but then nothing, there was no more sadness there was nothing.

 I suddenly had a vivid flashback of one of my old friends who committed suicide after I could have saved him. And I probably would have been heart broken at this moment in time or grief or some for of negative impact, but there wasn't. I felt and still feel like I failed, I failed a broken man clinging to one last shred of hope, but that shred of hope breaks sometimes and that's ok, it is but human nature. I am by in no way promoting suicide as it can cause others down the same path and is just not good in general. But I just felt sad for him as he was nearing what seems like the end of his life, but I couldn't stop him, I don't know how I could have I tried everything in my power I tried to talk to him make him laugh or distract him from his emotions before I try to help him with them, but my attempts only ended in almost no effect. At least he had someone to talk to before he eventually tipped over the edge as that was one of the reasons that he was suicidal was that he was a bullied loner how just needed someone, and as I offer my services with open arms it was too late.

My take away that I've learned is that never take people for granted as I already knew this but only to a certain extent as I've lost all of my friends and am still classified what some would call "loner" because if my separation from my old friends who were practically family I haven't met anyone else to truly call a true friend. Anyways, what I've learned is that not only should you not take friends for granted and spend as much time as you can with them and tell them how much they mean to you with constant check ups but it taught me the value of a human life. This is something that ive struggled with for a while but it is "what is the true value of human life" and I figured out that no human life is valued less than another's life. And what this means to me and what you should take away from my story is that you should treat everyone the same, that some homeless person on the street has the same value as a family member, it may not be emotional value which *will* make you biased in his you treat others because this is how we are but you should try to treat everyone around you almost as if they are a repeat of the same person but with a different personality every time. Just treat everyone the same because everyone's true value is always exactly the same no matter what you do we are all in the same level. Or at least that is how I interpreted it


TL:DR: Read the fucken thing you twat

Also I know my grammar and spelling could be better but I'm not going to use the english is me 2nd language card as it is my first language but I do make errors as no human is perfect but we are only perfect in our own special ways. I hoped this helps people and have a good day/night/ what ever the fuck time it is now for you. 

Also some aspects of the story were altered to keep identities safe and sound as well as mine but all key aspects of the story were all the same and untouched but was only minor details that were altered

- SINCERELY RASMUS