Comparing and contrasting between cuddling with a cat and cuddling with another person. First off, cuddling with a cat. The feline family is NOT social. They dont hunt in packs and as a result they usually dont form strong bonds with others. This will result in your cat leaving in like 5 minutes. Another result of cats not being social is they tend to have anxiety a lot less often than humans do, which means they will not hesitate to just climb on your lap at will. They also wont think "I wonder if they hate me?" after they walk away. 
Second, cuddling with another person. Cuddling with another person (preferably the gender(s) that you are  romantically attracted to but not required) will most likely be superior in multiple ways. Humans DID hunt in groups when evolving. We form stronger bonds with others. Most primates are social. It is actually required to physically touch another person (NOT in a sexual way) in order to be healthy, because of this our brains will release dopamine AND serotonin when cuddling with someone you trust. There is a downside to this. If you're at the beginning of a relationship there will probably be anxiety and hesitation on both sides. For example: let's say you and someone else are laying next to each other in a single bed. Let's say you want to be in the big spoon cuddling position. In order to get in that position you have to press almost your entire body against theirs, AND wrapping your arms around them. If they trust you enough it is a really nice experience, however imagine the downfall if they don't. Little spoon basically cant move. Its situations like this that make cuddling with a cat superior. Then there is how many cuddling positions you can be in. Cats (at least my cat) will just lay on your chest, but human cuddling positions are much more numerous. For example: me and my cuddling partner. Sometimes we spoon, sometimes she lays on my chest, sometimes I lay on her chest. Different positions have different benefits. 

Tl:Dr it's a lot better to cuddle with another person than it is to cuddle with a cat.