Something as simple as pumpkin pie I've been getting along real well with my dad. I'm 18 years of age and he's been gone for 6 of them. He's been back in my life and this year has been rough. But ever since Thanks giving day when my mom was freaking out on him (like the absolute Karen she is), I defended him. We have been getting along genuinely well.

Today at around 8 PM, I went into the kitchen. He was about to go out into the back to smoke. I was looking in the kitchen for something and he said theres pumpkin pie, and I took it out to have some. He said that he hasnt had any yet and I told him there's an extra pie in the fridge. I told him that I've never had apple pie before. He noted that and told me that his mom used t make the best apple pie ever. Then we started talking about his mom. How she ran the kitchen but my grandpa did all the main cooking. Then he started talking about how his dad was a damn good dad but strict. My dad learned how to cook because my grandpa instructed him sternly "do this like i did. No you are doing it wrong!"". I was genuinely invested in this story. So was he! He never talked about his family before. I never knew his side. He had four brothers! I didn't fucking know that. And a sister named Angela. I didn't know that! We got to really talking about his family. His dad and his uncle were mean sons of bitches who yelled a lot and taught by example. They always yelled, but never laid a hand on my dad. 

My dad was talking about how when he fucked up his dad gave him a mean ass stare that said "I'm disappointed in you." Without saying a single word. That right there made my dad wish my grandpa hit him. Anything is better than the stare. He told me about how he was the second oldest of the five children. I didn't know that! Thats so cool! He told me about how the two youngest boys used to fight all the time. Physical fist fights. The funniest part was about how he and the oldest brother used to just watch those two just go at it. At a certain point they just pulled them away and told them okay fuckers calm down, idiots. He told me that if the oldest didn't stop them, they might have actually tried killing each other. That story was so funny to me and him.

After that my dad told me about how he and his brothers hated the youngest for being the mommas baby. She always protected him as moms do. They always loved him though. Never laid a hand on him. He said to me that the only time he hit one of his brothers was when he was 11, and the oldest brother took something from him. He told him give me back my shit, then he didn't. My dad sucker punched his brother, and said give it back. He did. No fear or anger from either side. That's just mutual understanding. Man boomer life was tough, you punch your brother hard then five minutes later start joking around.

My dad was really loving telling this story. He put down his jacket and just stood there talking to me about these stories. This was the first EVER time my dad told me about his childhood in such depth. I absolutely adored this. For one half hour we stood in the middle of the kitchen of a dilapidating trailer, having a wonderful time talking about his childhood. We connected for the first time in god knows how long, if it had ever happened before. My dad is a genuinely great man. I would have loved to have known him and his brothers while they were growing up. I want to meet my uncles. One died. The second youngest one. I met him a few times and actually liked him. I hope he's resting well in heaven. To think that all of this happened because my dad pointed out apple pie. We grew closer because of an unhealthy sugar filled round pumpkin desert. God I love my dad.