I need some advice about Parents Talking about my Parents is hard, for they are the only ones who live with me other than my older brother that lives far away south, so it is presumed they know a lot about me as a person, unfortunately, I am compelled to disagree.  
 They do not seem to comprehend the majority of my actions. They think I am a fool without a sliver of consciousness roaming around using my phone as a deviation from the real world. They might say: "He is an intelligent boy!", but they rate intelligence as the capacity to absorb information, not to use it.  
Their expectations for me as a person reach abusive. I am expected to not only perform almost flawlessly in every subject at school, help in the maintenance of our home and aid in their pursuit of money. I´m chill with all of that but they still push me over the edge with "my character."  
Not only does my Dad treat me like literal trash but he is always talking about my "egoism", that I help no one and that I only look to myself like if I was the Sun. He is the only one in my family, heck, my relationships that have ever said that I am completely and utterly a lost cause. I don´t wish to brag or anything but I always try to help and make the people that I like to feel comfortable with, I try to help.  
This is gonna become a dig deep into my Dad specifically, and why I am so afraid of doing anything. Cutting straight to the point, I think he wants me to be what he wasn´t. He was born in a well-built and stable family, he studied in a private school (in my country that is hella expensive) had a home of his own and could spend most of his days undisturbed.  
 As soon as he left home he fell penniless and resorted to his father (my grandfather) to take care of him as an adult. Currently, we live in my grandfather´s extra apartment and most of our bills are paid by him.  
 My Dad always brags that with the money he expends (or, by his words, wastes) on my school he could buy a car every year, or that he could live freely. Turns out that I dug into our expenses and found out that it is my granddad that pays it. He shows off to something he doesn´t even have and never, ever told me, even though I asked him directly.  
He took my phone and cancelled my number because I was spending far too much time talking to someone (in this case, the girl I simp for, that he doesn´t know or care)  
I think I´ve been unable to play videogames or communicate with my brother "legally" (without tricking Dad) for three months now.  
He dislikes being wrong in any situation, and his enormous ego prevents him from apologizing for anything. Even when he almost caused a head trauma when he hit me with a wood plank.	  
I´m sick of having to carry out his mistakes, I know that some people are going through hell so big that mine just looks like a matchstick but I am conflicted about my parents to divorce. If they did divorce, I´m afraid that my mom will suffer for it because we could lose our home and most of our belongings, but at the same time, I desire it because he harrases us.  
I could also just be in the so-called teen limbo, where I attempt to add drama to things that are simple and I´m overreacting.  
I just want some advice, this is tough.