I've moved on from my ex emotionally, but they have not moved on from me. Would it be wrong to get into another relationship? I made a post a while ago explaining this in detail. Long story short, I liked a guy. He like me too, but they wanted to be a girl. I'm straight and female, but I was questioning because I had been attracted to females before. So I said I would try it out. Into the relationship, I found out I really was straight, and so I was honest with them about it. I said that I still supported them, but I needed to do it as a friend, not a lover. Things escalated quickly. They threatened suicide, and I believed them. For about a half a year more, I stayed very unhappily in the relationship until I couldn't take walking on eggshells and being yelled at for accidentally using the wrong pronoun. I told them and their friends, "Maybe you guys should get a hotel," and they lashed out at me. I thought "you guys" was a kind of chill thing. I dont know anymore. I should have thought about it before I opened my mouth I guess. 

God. Sorry for ranting. 

Anyhow, we go to the same school and they're in the same class as me for half the day. They act upset whenever I walk by, but as soon as I leave they go back to normal. I don't know what that is about but I found it a bit odd. They did text me about a fortnight after we broke up that they hooked up with my best friend's cousin, so I thought, "Well, good for them I guess," and thought nothing more of it. My friend says that tht haven't moved on but that they're making it a lot about themself and that they've been spreading shit about me in school. I dont care for that, but what people say about me behind my back is none of my business. They've said a few things about me in earshot too. A few things hurt me quite a bit, but I had to suck it up and not cry, act as if I hadn't heard it. 

I have moved on emotionally from them, but I feel like they're looming over me. I'm unsure of everything that I am now. I still deal with sadness from the relationship from time to time, remembering the incidents wherein I'd be yelled at. I was so afraid of saying fucking anything. Aside from that, I'm over them. My give-a-damn is busted. I have no room left in my heart to care for them. I'm burnt out. While I feel like a bitch for this, I think of all the times I woke up thrice a night to answer the phone calls to comfort them. All the times I supported them at my own expense only to be taken for granted when they'd say that i never did anything for them. Every time I cried, thinking that I'd have to lie about my sexuality and be stuck in a relationship that I didn't want to be in sexually or emotionally. I think if all that and I think I deserve a bit of a break

Again, maybe I'm just being a bitch, but I like a guy in one of my classes, (the same class I'm in with my ex. Now that I think about it, they've been flirting with the guy ever since I began to show interest. Oh well.) and I think I should be able to do things for myself without their judgement. Of course, I worry about their mental well-being as I do for everyone because I'm soft. I just dont know whether or not it would be trashy to date someone else while they're clearly upset.

This was kind of a rant. I'm sorry.