A long story with a question This is going to be a long story, but I need some advice from like-minded individuals. 
My best friend for four years (who I will call bob for identity sake) started being pretty mean to me earlier in the year. Since 2017, we have been playing games together and hanging out every week, but around May 2020, he started treating me like shit, and talking shit to me. He jokes a lot, And has a pretty crude sense of humor like myself, but he was just being plain mean to me, not just poking fun. I told him and my other friends that I didn’t really want to be associated with them anymore because I wasn’t being treated well, and remove them from my friends list on Discord, insta, snap, etc. Bob and my other friends started to spam my Instagram account, and replied to my posts talking shit to me, and putting me down. It was starting to get to me, because I didn’t know why they were even still thinking about me, but I just deleted the comments and went on with my day. A couple weeks later I was thinking to myself maybe I should give them another chance, so I texted Bob and said do you wanna play something. He said sure, and we got into Discord and started talking for a little while, when he said one of my other former friends wanted to join us. The second guy joins, (my Minecraft world btw) and we are goofing off and talking and having fun for a couple hours, and then the second guy destroyed my entire world with TNT and Withers. I was mad, and sad, because I had been working on this world for months, and this is what I was doing to occupy my time because I didn’t have friends to hang out with. I decided it just wasn’t worth it, and removed them again. Then one day Bob texted me and said that he wanted to play with me, and I was pretty bored so I said fuck it, why not. I joined and for the next couple days we were hanging out and goofing off and then in the group chat I was in with him and my former friends, one of these people started spamming me calling me the N-word the Seaword and a bunch of other racist, homophobic, and just downright cruel things. I was so taken aback, that I was literally shaking head to toe. Obviously I haven’t talked to any of them since, but I’m feeling pretty lonely, with no one to hang out with, and I was thinking about calling Bob to see if he wanted to play Minecraft or something. So my question is, with this information, do you think I should call him? I seriously can’t decide because on the one hand I’ve been treated like shit, and on the other I don’t want a friendship that had going on for multiple years, to just go down the drain.

(Tl;dr) my best friend of three years had been treating me like shit, but I feel lonely, and don’t know if I should call him.

Also, sorry for typos, I have been using voice to speech.