My Fucked Up, Bipolar (maybe) Life. Part 1: Well. Fuck. Im gonna start this now. So what I do is I basically have just been writing down how I feel and taking mental notes. Well let's just say my life and my mind is fucked up. Here is a little backstory: I felt really odd the past few months, I had my shit together, felt obligated to help a friend out, lost my shit. After a month(ish) of rapid and unsettling ups and downs, I came to two of my friends to see help. They delivered through hugs and goodnight texts. I've gotten so bad that if I dont receive multiple of these a day I go through a really bad phase throughout the night. 

I decided to start this now, simply because last night I had one of the worst (if not the worst night) of my life. Morale of the story, I made plans to get breakfast with said two friends the day before. I didn't hear from them throughout the day and my mind took over. I stabbed myself in the arm a few times, and I was having a mental breakdown. Just picture this: Teenage boy sits on bathroom floor, almost in tears, shivering and bleeding. Now your simple soultion to this is to text my friends. Well, turns out they are hammered at a party and can't even type out legible response to what I'm sending them. "Well fuck" I just feel worse and worse. Im not feeling ok. Im wishing for death. And in my mind there is no way I'm going to this breakfast plan I have in the morning. (See prior post) Well. Here comes day one of this journal.

I maned the hell up, got up in the morning and drove to these breakfast plans. Im fucking terrified this entire ride and I dont know how I will act, whats gonna happen, if I'm mentally ready and plus I really suck in social situations anyways. I have no hope. Well, I get there and they show up, I give out some hugs, my mind keeps running and I cant even focus on what I'm doing. We sit down, I'm just staring off into the distance, dying on the inside and trying to make sense of my situation. They really gave a solid effort to talk to me and make me comfortable. I really didn't want to show them how mentally weak I actually am and how fucked up in the head i am. So im trying to focus on that, but its just so hard. I power through, I think I did alright. I never looked at the menu. Just had them bring me something out. The food was good, but fuck man, it was hard to not breakdown in the middle of that breakfast place. Honestly I cant remember much of what happened, they spent most of the time talking about how hammered they were and all the crazy things they did last night. I was just so uncomfortable and upset. But, as the breakfast went on, I did feel better. I almost ended up in tears once but other than that, it went swell. I gave one of them a solid 30 second hug at the end and I honestly felt MUCH better walking out of there than I did walking in there. That paved the way for my day and I was (mostly) happy for the rest of the day. 

For future context: I am not medical diagnosed as bipolar. Im just saying this off my quick switch in moods, my super highs and super lows, and all the different mood I live with on a daily basis.

Moods: 

1. Normal me: Rarely shows up(me right now), but is easily the best version of me.

2. Euphoria rush me: Randomly happy for no reason, I can never focus, my eyes go crazy, feels like I'm high of meth.

3. Depression me: This is when I feel really low, and I just want to cry and disappear from the world

4. Murderous me: well, this is the worst version of me. All I want is death, I will harm myself, I will want to physically harm other people. And I cant sleep, I stay up all night walking around plotting. I hate this me.

But welcome the start of this. Ill try to keep this going. But, no promises.