My Parents and Sisters are literally driving me insane to the point where I’m just gonna hide in me room for the next month hello r/teenagers, this probably wont go too far since this indeed is r/teenagers but I really need to rant to someone/something so here we go

My parents are exhausting me. They just dont fucking listen and my mom has to go and fuck everything up. I’m going literally insane and they dont seem to notice. Instead they’re always fucking focused on my sisters and whenever I need or want something I always have to pay out of it from my own hands or work for it yet my sister literally asked for slime and my dad just bought her it but now I have to give my dad $80 (a months worth of mowing my uncles lawn) just so I could have a useable bike and a nice setup for school. Now that I have the bike, I can’t do shit with it because my parents dont trust at all and whenever I try to talk to them they tell me how immature and irresponsible I am. MY FUCKING SISTER HAS LESS PUNISHMENT THAN ME AND I’M NOT EVEN GROUNDED.
She literally slapped me and when I slapped her, I got in trouble more than her. It all started just because I tapped her head. I wanted to go biking tmrw since it’s the last day of summer until school and the I can’t go biking. I’ve been using my friends bike for the two months since I didn’t have one. My plan was to bike 5 miles from my uncle’s house to my friend’s house but it’s “too dangerous” because it’s on s busy road. First of, I’m going to be on the sidewalk, second, I have a helmet and Third, I know the law’s and other safety stuff. They think that some dude is just gonna run off the road and hit me. I feel like they’re really over protective and overreacting 

They DO NOT listen to me. My dad was totally up to me biking from uncle’s house but my mom totally changed his perspective. This is what usually happens. She’ll put in her opinion and it changes literally everything yet it seems like I can’t have an opinion. Just this morning my sister was playing Minecraft so I decided to join her. When I went to go borrow some seeds or something, she starts killing me and taking my stuff. Then I took a stone pickaxe (she has diamond) she literally screamed while my dad was sleeping. Instead of my mom helping she yelled at both of us to get of. I got punished for my sisters actions, I just took a pickaxe. I let her take some of my stuff, she’s just being selfish. I stood up for myself and told my mom what had happened yet she didn’t give a fuck what I had to say and I got scolded. 

I’m just sick of this all. I wanna be able to have more freedom and go biking with my friend. It’s my only way of getting outside and being active or even communicating with friends. Literally nobody texts me anymore because I can never go out or hang or whatever. I’m only truly friends with 2 people. Why can’t my parents understand that I have needs too? My sisters constantly have their friend over and her brother (They’re 100% not covid positive) who is way younger than me. I’m gonna be a lonely sophomore that sits in his basement/bedroom doing schoolwork for the next couple months. I would be playing the xbox more and more with friends but my sisters have found a way to ruin it. Plus my main group is kinda getting toxic. It makes me sick to think that this whole pandemic thing could be more tolerable if I had just a little more freedom/social interaction. I’m not talking going to a mosh pit at a blink182 concert or some shit, I just wanna be able to like sit across a table with some friends, all of us wearing a mask, and going biking or getting taco bell. Is that too hard to ask for?

tl;dr My parents are overprotective and my sisters are annoying the living hell outta me. What do I do?