i feel so stressed and still do nothing my country has fall holidays, so theres about one more week of them until school starts again. and just yesterday, i realized that i actually has school stuff to do over the holidays, which completely overwhelmed me because my dumbass had forgotten about all of them and ive already had over a week to start them. ive spent that entire week in bed, due to a depressive episode or something thats still going strong. i legitimately cant get up and do something. i have an arts project, reading a whole book + assignments and catching up on stuff i already didnt do the last few last weeks of school, due in a week and a few days. i also have 3 exams per week for two weeks right after the holidays since theyve been moved back due to covid. i have the worst time doing assignments and studying, especially at home. if i want to do anything semi-okay, itll take me 4-5 hours, because i get distracted so so easily, or just get overwhelmed and cry about it. im such a f***ing loser. most of the times i dont even start the assignment in time, meaning i have only like half an hour to complete them, and that makes everything worse, and i wont get good results, and ill fail that class. additionally, our house is being renovated at the moment so my room basically has to be empty by wednesday next week, and i havent even started cleaning my furniture out.
i just have absolutely no idea how to do any of this. i feel like im just like paralyzed out of stress so i cant start anything because i just keep thinking "theres so much to do, theres no way i can finish all this in a week!". i WANT to start doing things and assignments and making my room look good for once but i just feel unable to. but this time theres no way around this, i cant just distract myself or wait for things to get better, no, i need to actually put work in. but my lazy ass self cant do that. i dont want to fail 11th grade. thats like the worst year to fail. i dont know what to do. im so lazy. my mom is getting worried and pretty much begged me to get up and do something at least once today so that she wouldnt have to worry about me. im feel so bad for worrying her like that. i dont know what to do.