I might have met a pedophile Before I start, I just want to say that I wasn’t hurt in any way. I highly, HIGHLY doubt an interaction like this will occur for the rest of my life. I’m not looking for fake internet points, I’m just sharing my experience.

A couple of nights ago, I (14M) was going on an evening walk. I got to a park with a path along a lake, when a man came up to me and started walking beside me. He started talking to me, speaking in short observations. He was repeating himself a lot, and I got the impression that he was under the influence of something. I avoided eye-contact and only gave minimalistic responses to his statements. He mentioned a pier in the park (which I was familiar with) that he wanted me to go with him on. He also mentioned that he was horny. At this point, I saw the writing on the wall, but I went along because I didn’t feel comfortable leaving without a solid reason. We went on the pier and, as I suspected he might, he reached out and touched my groin. I swatted his hand away, told him I was underage, and got the hell out of there. He didn’t follow me. It all felt quite surreal, as of it wasn’t even happening. I didn’t feel scared at all.

It is possible he wasn’t pedophile. Unbeknownst to me at the time, that park was a common place for men to hook up, and I am tall, so he could’ve mistaken me for an adult. However, he seemed unsurprised and unapologetic when I told him I was underage. To his meager credit, he didn’t make any more advances, so at least he’s not a rapist.

Thank you for reading this. If there is one thing you take away from this, it’s that you should be empathetic of women who experience sexual harassment. There are countless women who deal with this shit every day. And the guys don’t always back off. I’m lucky I’m male, so everyone will probably believe me. Women aren’t so lucky. I can’t describe the perpetrator very well because it was dark out and I didn’t get a good look at him. If I were a woman, that would be enough for people to call me a liar. Have a good night.