I made a little story. Hope you enjoy it. Might do a part 2 if requested So I made a story and I hope you all enjoy it. If you want the second part just say it lol 

The girl in the crystal box.

Once upon a time, there was a girl who lived in a small town. Her mother and father were normal and humble people, they looked like a perfect family would. Her father was great at building things and he always wanted and searched for perfection, fulfilling things, and strong spirited people. He owned a little company that made incredible things for the town. Her mother was shiny and pretty, a compassionate person. 

One day, the girl had disobeyed, and her parents were furious. How could she disobey? They said things that hurted her, but she couldn't say anything about it. As she was heavily heartbroken, she decided to go to his father's workplace and take a look at his constructions. 

*TAMP-*

She stood there- amazed. She had runned into this mesmerizing big crystal box. It wasn't a common box. It could change shapes too, and adjust to her body. She sticked a finger, then two. As she felt really sad and disappointed, she didn't realize she had fell into the crystal box.  

She kept hitting the transparent walls, asking for help. Until she understood nobody could listen to her asking for help. Nobody could listen her crying, nor her shouts. 
She returned home inside the box, which had just adjusted to her body, but her parents couldn't see. She could talk to them, but the moment she would mention the crystal box the cage would block all the sounds. Her dad was really a genius, even though he didn't made the box.

 She adjusted herself to the box too, since the box was now a part of her. She stood there, crying silently, by everything the box had changed. She hated that box, but couldn't get rid of it no matter how hard she tried. 

One day, she approached her dad, and gathered the confidence to tell him about the box. The box seemed to be ok with it, as it didnt try to shut her up. She didnt want to tell her father about the box, but she trusted him to understand the situation. 

As she began talking, she wondered why the box hadn't soundproofed itself yet. And so she began, word by word, explaining the situation about the box to her father the horrible situation, and that she needed to get out of the box, because it was harming her. 

Her dad stood there, speechless. His eyes watered as he took his daughter and hugged her. He then took a few steps behind while grabbing her by her shoulders. He looked her staright to her sad eyes.

"I didn't know about it." 
 
"It's ok dad, just help me get out of he-" 

"Ah wait- so you want to keep playing? Kids this days... looks like they really like to play pranks on their elders." 

The girl stood there, petrified. With fear and shame in her eyes, she asked:

"What do you mean, dad?" 

His dad, laughing while giving her a pat in the head, replied calmly.

"It's ok that you want my attention, but you dont have to play pranks ok? You don't have to act like you are trapped inside a cage or a box or whatever to have my attention." 

She stood there, defeated. 

"Kids this days" his father mumbled as he walked towards the kitchen. The girl understood the reason the box did not even try. Her dad wasn't going to believe her. And no matter what she had said to him, it would have been the same. She stood there in the kitchen, crying, as she asked herself, why does nobody seems to believe her, and why nobody can see the cage. 

Part 2?