I worked out for the first time in months! So I'm 16M, and if you want to skip to the workout part of the post read the 5th paragraph, this counts as the first. :)

I've had Sinusitis for over a month and had to deal with constant headaches and temperatures that would be so intense that I didn't have the strength to get out of bed in the morning to take painkillers.

If you're wondering how I fucked up my sinuses, the story is pretty dumb but basically It was the last day of scuba diving class and I had a slight cold, if you know anything about diving it's that you don't dive when sick, because you can't really manage the pressure and well I forced the dive. My bad.

I've always been skinny to say the least, normal sized legs but really skinny arms. But as I was sick from the lack of appetite and basically not moving for over a month my body withered away. Every day I looked in the mirror and I looked smaller and smaller but I didn't lose much weight which would mean that I lost mainly muscle mass. I started to see myself looking like the Smeagoll from lord of the rings. Not the most desirable look if I may say so. And when I finally got better I had no will to even try to exercise.

Last evening as I was coming home from school in a bus, sitting and listening to music, I looked at my own reflection in the window and thought to myself "Is this really what you're settling with." I got home, changed my clothes, pulled out my gear, set it up, wiped the dust of my bench and decided that I would start with chest, after a couple of sets of normal and incline bench press I finally felt the happiness and satisfaction that comes with exercising. The sweat, the pump, the muscle contracting, everything. 

Of course it will take a while to even try and get beck to where I was before, but I won't stop there, I will keep going, I won't stop untill I'm finally happy with my body. But I think working out and force eating a little (just to get a calorie surplus) is a good start.

I'm on my way to school now and I'll try to answer to questions and reply to comments