I'm so sick and tired of men not owning up to the shitty society we are in. Let me start by saying not all men are like this.


I see a lot of shit of people just being like girls shouldn't say stuff like KAM (Kill All Men) and there's no misogyny. Just in denial of how much women suffer. While men do suffer too but that's a whole other issue that needs a post for itself.


90% of rape cases against women, the perpetrator was male. 

93% of rape cases against men, the perpetrator was male. 

Only 8% of rape education is directed toward men ( that means that men aren't taught not to rape women but women or taught what not to do so they wouldn't get raped ).

Females ages 18 to 24 and 25 to 34 generally experienced the highest rates of intimate partner violence.

76 percent of domestic violence was committed against women.

One in 6 women (16.2%) in the United States have experienced stalking victimization at some point during their lifetime in which they felt very fearful or believed that they or someone close to them would be harmed or killed.

From 1994 to 2010, about 4 in 5 victims of intimate partner violence were female.

We are less likely to get jobs.

"Boys will be boys". Where should I even start. I got sexually assaulted and was told that exact phrase. I was 7 and the guy was grown dude.

The fact that guys on the internet are called kings for saying they wouldn't drug a womans drink.

The fact that guys in most cases have a physical advantage over the girl.

The fact that women are the ones who are getting taught from young age that if she gets sexaully assaulted its because she did something wrong. 

It's the fact that they are more likely to earn less than their male counterpart.

Theres so many other issues that I haven't even highlighted in this post and theres this phrase going around saying RAW (Rape All Women) they made it as a comeback for KAM.

So you can't come her and ask me why a female is scared to be with a male alone. So you can't ask me why we are scared to walk at night. So you can't ask me why when a woman is in front of you at night walking why she's scared of you. When your gender fixes their mistakes you can come tell me not to be scared.

That's all I can think of right now but feel free to add more in the comments so I would edit them in.