How Hentai helped me become an Ex Simp Warning: loooong text, a few months old repost because I thought some of you all might need it and some poster in reddit said he had nothing better to do.
So it all goes back to almost high school me. Horny dumbass experiencing love for the first time. It was for this cute weeb girl one class above me, she was older than me.
Something that gave me a slight edge over the competition is my skill to draw well which came in handy lots of times, but as everything I have, it’s a double edged sword.
I met her when I was pretty dumb and young, she was pretty, I didn’t know her name, but she looked like a good person.
I really liked music so I asked permission for the music teacher to practice in the music room and lo and behold, after sometime of playing she joined in. I played the hardest songs I had learned by ear, cause i can’t read well music notes, like the super mario land 2 theme, snow land from mario kart super circuit and starlight zone. I learned some interesting stuff there. Somehow I ended up knowing there that she’s dating the midget of the class, he’s my eight year old brother’s size and he was eleven at the time but he is quite charming and fun, that’s why this conversation was me at my rather unpressive peak. When the waffles episode of teen titans go aired, everyone was saying waffles like in that episode and she hated it and I wholeheartedly agree. She liked love live and fox girls. Pretty fun conversation in my opinion.
I tried to get to know her better and worked to relative success until...
My brother joined the religion workshop and unlike everyone who did it to do their obligatory workshop and do nothing there, he did it because he’s a mildly good boy. There he met the girl I liked. I told him I liked her before, trusting him he wouldn’t tell anyone, but as any secret I tell him, it get’s out and I get fucked over big time and everyone laughs and I try not to cry like a bitch, but that wasn’t the case. This had greater repercussions. Fast forward to the next day, lunch. I was sitting next to my brother and she was close and then she asked me.
-Hey, are you my friend or the one that likes me?
“Fuck you brother, I have no options left, I wish you never said that, I wish I could trust you with secrets, but I was too stupid to keep to myself”
-I’m... the one that likes you...
-ok.
that was the last lines we verbally shot at each other for like a year. He said he was doing it to help me and laughed it off and kept making fun of me for it. He didn’t know shit about what was going inside my mind by then.
I... I still don’t know how to describe what I felt. I was simping hard for her, but my love poisoned mind didn’t listen.
So a year went by.
I didn’t care much about romance anymore, I was playing with the boys now, just fun times, didn’t care about grades, I had daily fun, got my switch next year, everything was fine.
I don’t remember what happened but somehow I think we talked to eachother again, I think it was that one time I published a comic to the school’s newspaper and people loved it, and I thought to myself “This time i can and will succeed”. Apparently, I was too stupid to abide by my word.
I was younger than her, had bad social intelligence and she had seen me cry about everytime I did, like 5 times, and to add insult to injury, she knew that every time I tried to talk to her, it was eventually to date her. It’s like the stars aligned to fuck me over.
At least I made some good plays along the way. Like all those four times she watched me drawing in admiration.
Along the year I told two girls from her class that I liked her and they said they wanted to help and I said I didn’t want help.
We went for a road trip and I fucked up in multiple ways.
There was this crowd around a bee in the floor and I stepped on it, I still don’t know why, but I think it was a just action. Why so? Well, you can call me murderer and all, you aren’t wrong after all but where I live, bees were brought in by colonizers. They affected the ecosystem of native pollinizers so it was kinda justified but wrong anyways. Everyone called me a murderer and then ran off and cried.
Then in the walking part about the trip, those two girls told me my crush broke up with the midget. 
I somehow then was driven to the edge again and cried some more.
There where these paper thingies covering our windows so we couldn’t get distracted by the other classes’ recess so y tore apart a hole in the corner to watch my crush through the window. 
I was caught eventually and I thought it was over for me but the teacher, an absolute sis covered my dumass telling the students that it’s ok because I’m experiencing love for the first time and im quite young. Thank you teach, I’ll be forever grateful for your help. 
Then in Valentine’s Day, some students were selling chocolates with a letter to someone. I wrote a letter full of lovely nothings from anonymity, I should have written an apology for my infinite stupidity but the chance escaped my hand. After buying the chocolate, I was broke and then when chocolates for my class were delivered, I had nothing. Some girls and boys got multiples but I was empty handed like I expected. Somehow it flew over my head, the chance that I won’t get the girl but I was too dumb to understand.
Then she joined theater class with a friend so I joined in too. I was timid at the start but eventually became friendlier to everyone. They knew me as a creative genuis with good skills at convincing people to join the workshop and good drawing skills. I might have accidentally flexed on her and unintentionally said that she is worse at drawing than me but I wasn’t very educated on subtext and fucking choosing my words carefully. That same class she said she was switching schools after year’s end so I had one chance. Dumass me tried to not think it was my fault because I probably was even tho I wasn’t a stalker or a creep, I was just a young lovefool and never did anything too immoral.
At the end of one class she said something to me I want to forget but I probably won’t ever forget it.
-Hey, does your brother like me?
-No, I love you but he doesn’t.
-Ok, see you.
-Goodbye.
I came out of that conversation with a corroted success in my mind, with a corrosion expanding like a pandemix until I realized.
“I said the L word too soon, now I’m getting the L for it”.
Last day of theater workshop and the teacher tells me and my crush to try to get new kids interested. We shared no words during the day but I was still joyful, not for her presence but for all the children i’m getting hyped up for the workshop next year, I was happy giving to people, I was very happy and I walked out of there with a wide smile on my face.
But we are back in reality now, school was about to end so I asked everyone trustworthy for advice under the sun what should I do and they said I should ask her out.
While that happened a classmate told me she asked him where I was to talk to us. I had just the necessary bit of hope now.
I asked her three questions in three days, gradually escalating from innocent to the last question, Did you ask [Insert Classmate Name Here] where I were so you could talk to me?
She Said No.
I was played like a damn fiddle, everyone told me to ask her out that day but I just couldn’t due to my lack of courage.
I had only the last day to ask her out.
Allright dear readers, if you want to ask a girl out, don’t do it when your odds are bleeding, do it when the relationship is escalating and your odds are getting better.
The bell rang of the last day and zoomed acroos the school to find her and I told her I had something to tell her...
-I can’t I’m way behind in my schedule and I’m busy.
It was over for me, I was crushed, I wasn’t even funny anymore, just sad, but I couldn’t cry, I deep inside knew this would happen, love left my body, I thought clearly and I didn’t cry, I had cried enough.
Pretty much all of my family helped me overcome this, even my mom when she repeatedly shipped us. But well, a win over her is a win, maybe not because I wanted to win but it’s there. I faked being okay and having gotten over it but the pain remained but not with the same label. Whiel this was happening, I discovered a hentai where the girl getting screwed was pretty much the same as my crush, it was pretty vanilla and the final sex scene was hella sad but my dick didn’t care.
I stopped coming back to it after a while.
I became more fucked up as time went, I masterbated almost daily, I couldn’t look myself in the mirror, with strangers I always adopted a facade of the calm, serious and emotionless kid which hurt my social skills and chances of getting in another school and starting over.
Eventually I got in after some emotional coaching with my mom and had my first day, I showed who I truly was that day and everyone fucking admired me. Mostly because I didn’t cry because I didn’t repress my emotions anymore, I let them move. This helped me so I can now see myself in the mirror without cringing hard.
The problems were still there but they were better.
Fast forward to today, typical night of searching for hentai. 
I was searching for this obscure 90’s hentai I found some months ago and then I found it while inptuting the words. That hentai I used to cope with my misery.
I decided to give it a watch. Getting off to it was fucking impossible for the previously mentioned shit, the scene in the hentai itself was a sort of goobye moment so it was sad. I couldn’t think about the hentai as my mind was busy with my self loathing and regrets.
Then I said to myself that getting off to this was impossible since my dick was hella flaccid but I couldn’t. I felt drawn to it. I did the impossible and did the deed. I was going to pause it and be sad but then the ending came in because I was too lazy to move a hand. 

“What’s most important is to love yourself”
“We’ll get the chance!”
“We get many chances in life”
“But our youth comes only once”
“Whether it’s Akiba or Harajuku”
“All teens are the same”
“They dash home an play videogames and read manga”
“And send emails to their friends”
“But we can’t spend all day crying. What a waste”
“What’s most important of all is to love yourself”
“We’ll get the chance!”
That song resonated with me. Those were the last pieces of my mind puzzle.  
So may this be a piece of advice on my part as I have learned something far too valuable to keep to myself.  
Us teenagers shouldn’t worry about love, it’s for grown ups. We teenagers should only worry about our fun and our grades. Have fun, do dumb but funny shit and don’t regret it, there is no point on dwelling in the past, you cannot fix it. Don’t try to be the calm and serious kid, you’re missing out on lots of fun! Loosen up guys, be yourselves and party hard! Now that we are in cuarantine, play online games with your friends! Let your teen spirit shine but most importantly, love yourselves. Everyone is seeking validation today, they are throwing people under the bus for it. You are the only one that can give value to yourself, don’t depend on people to validate you, don’t base your worth on how much he/she likes you, base it on how much you like yourself. I’ve come a long way to learn this, so im passing on this knowledge to you, so you can use your life the best you can.    
TLDR: Hentai taught me to never look back in regret because I can’t change the past, to live my teenage life at it’s fullest and not have draining romantic relationships and to love oneself as you can only give yourself value and learn to let go of a relationship that won’t work.