Dramatic retelling of the night all my pets died in minecraft (warning: long) [Chapter 1: Cooked chicken]
I got out of bed, harvested my crops and made way too much bread with all of the wheat I just got. I get up to get all 6 of my dogs because I ran out of diamonds and I need them to make armor. 

“I almost forgot my shield and armour.” I click on each one of my dogs to make them sit down. “wait here.”  

I go to my armor stand and as I open the door my chicken runs, running into the lava I was using for an obsidian generator and dying. 

[10 out of 11 pets left]

“This was not the cooked chicken I wanted to eat today.” I say, not knowing what will happen tonight and the dangers that will face me and my pets. 

My dogs are now standing and we are ready to go to the cave to gather materials since I am trying to help the village next to us by building an iron golem so I can rob- I mean, borrow some of their materials, and we wanted some diamonds since I lost all of them in the nether.

“Sigh, I really should not be taking my good equipment to the nether… Wait, where is Snow?” Snow was my first dog, named snow because I found him alone in the snow and When I tamed him he immediately saved me from a skeleton.

“SNOW! SNOW!” I run holding a pork in my hand, and finally he teleports back to me. I sigh a sigh of relief and continue walking to the cave, not taking my horse because I don’t think we need him. 

“Beautiful start to the day.” I finally arrive at my cave and start looking for iron and diamonds. 
                    
[Chapter 2: Mining]
 
 “Sweet, I found Redstone!” I say while I am breaking the ore I just found “I am gonna
use this for that automatic farm tutorial I saw.”

I go deeper into the cave, my dogs following me, and I try to find diamonds. 

“GRAVEL!” A bunch of gravel falls down on me and I run away from it. 

“How am I still alive?” I get out from under the rubble and look around for my dogs, who are thankfully safe and alive. 
  
“Well then, that was scarring. Wait, are those diamonds?” I walk over to the blue ore. 

“Lapis.” I feel really disappointed and go even deeper into the cave. A cluster of cave spiders suddenly show up when I reach a mineshaft and I start running away. I get bit from one of them and my health starts dropping from the poison. 

“RUN, YOU STUPID DOGS!” I bark at my dogs. They didn’t listen to me but they ran at the spider that bit me,so I threw an ender Pearl so they would teleport to me. 

“You have to be the stupidest dogs to ever exist… I found emeralds.” I run towards the emerald. “finally I can get that map!” I celebrate and look at my clock. 

“Oh, it’s almost night. I should probably go home now. come on boys, we are going home.” I start heading for home, using my map as guidance. 

[Chapter 3: And It Starts]

 I got out of the cave and noticed that it was already night, I had read the clock wrong. I started walking back home when I saw arrows coming behind me. 

“And it starts” I say before I start running from the skeletons but one of my dogs starts running to the skeleton. 

“WAIT, NO!” The dog managed to live on barely any health after killing the skeleton. It was a long way towards home and I don’t have any steak. I decided I would kill some cows to heal my little baby boy. 

A message appeared in chat 'wolf drowned.' 

[9 out of 11 pets left]

“DAMMIT, the cow was in front of me…” I run after the cow and kill it then eat it’s meat to quench my hunger. 

“I have to move on…” I shoot a skeleton far away from me with my bow to make sure my dogs wouldn’t get hurt again and continue on the long way to my home.

“Tshh” I hear something behind me. I look behind me terrified and it’s a creeper ready to ruin my night even more. 

“NO-“ the creeper explodes in front of me and kills 2 of my dogs. 

“How many pets will die today?” I jump out of the crater and look at how many monsters there are. “Dammit. Why did I set the difficulty to hard?”

[7 out of 11 pets left]

I start walking again while looking for food. My dogs look worried and they try to speed towards home. “I think I hear rain.”

“CRASH” I hear the thunderclap coming from the sky. 

“Wait, thunder? I gotta hurry home to prevent anything from catching fire.” I start running to look for food. I finally found a cow and I start running towards the cow. Finally I can eat…

“Wait, I see light.” as we move closer I see my chimney's smoke and a horde of monsters all grouped in the way to my home. “this is not going to be fun.” 

A skeleton shoots at us and 2 spiders seem to be stuck in my chimney. 

“Haha stupid spi-“ a creeper almost kills me and kills one of my dogs. “At least I am still alive, and I brought food, HAH!”

[6 out of 11 pets left]

“Ok I really will look out this time” I thought, trying to keep quiet so the monsters wouldn’t hear me. A bunch of skeletons start shooting once again and I go after them, “How many of you are there? Shit my shield.” My shield has broken and snow starts running after the skeletons. 

“Snow, wait!” 

'Snow was shot by skeleton'

[5 out of 11 pets left]

[Chapter 4: Quickly now]
“It’s ok, I still have a dog, a pig, a chicken and 2 horses” I say while I am scrambling to craft a shield,  “I still have 5 pets, don’t I?”

I take a flint &amp; steel and light a creeper to run. 

“Why did I put it next to my house? Now I have to clean this up.” I go to the nearest dark oak trees and start chopping it. A spider falls down from the tree above me and I immediately run away. 

“Not this time!” I kill the spider in one sharp strike. “That made me feel like Ichigo Kurosaki, haha. Where did that dog go?”

'Dog has drowned.'

"Why didn’t be teleport to me? Now I have no dogs left…”

[4 out of 11 pets left]

“DAMMIT! I still have my farm animals. I am ok. I lthink I am gonna lose my mind.” I finally arrive at my house's general location and start closing in. “Ok, quickly now.”

I finally see my pets, I missed them a lot. I bring all of them into my home and close my door. “ wait I just remembered I didn’t put my torches”

KABOOM

‘Chicken was blown up by creeper’ ‘ horse was blown up by creeper’ ‘horse was blown up by creeper’ ‘pig was blown up by creeper’

[0 out 11 pets left]

My bed was blown up, my pets died and my house destroyed. My hand reaches out from the dirt of the spawn point and I run to my home 

“ALL OF THEM?! ALL OF MY PETS?? EVEN SNOW!” I scream at the sky, crying while running through the snow in the road to my house. 

[the end]

Based on a true story