Please help me. I'm going nowhere in life and I don't want to live like this. This post may not be suitable for this sub, but I posted this on r/depression and r/suicidewatch, but got no comments and didn't show up in new, so I'm posting this in a psychology related subreddit.

Note: this was copied and pasted from my journal i started writing today. English isn't my first language, so please understand some grammar mistakes. I live in an asian country with a education system that grades students relatively, and puts more pressure onto the kids. So it may be different from the us.


A certain illness seems to have consumed me. Depression, anxiety.. I can't exactly describe what is eating me up from the inside, but I feel as if a parasite is slowly eating me alive.

Today was a bad day. I feel a temporary sense of comfort whenever I say the phrase "today was a bad day" in my head. It feels like that all the terrible feelings I'm having is just caused by a bad day, and that tomorrow things will be better and everything will come back to place. But it isn't. All my days are bad days. Some are worse than the others.

I had a bad stomachache while I was going to school, and the bus was crowded and everyone was loud. I hate school. I hate every aspect of it. The teachers standing near the entrance checking the kids' uniforms, the posters and screens displaying pretentious videos about college admission, the chairs that are too rigid to sit, the florescent lights that are too bright and cold, the constantly shifting schedule, the teachers who don't seem to care about the students yet talk about college admission all the time and pressure kids to choose a major and a future job and plan out their whole career at 16. The kids that are too loud. Everyone is too loud. Everything is too loud.

Sometimes I imagine what it would be like to be reincarnated into another person's body without my memory fully wiped. I feel like I'm living in another person's body. The only time I can feel truly myself is on the internet. I started a discord server a few days ago. Everyone was great, yet I felt miserable. I felt as if I was tricking them into thinking I was a smart and funny person. I haven't felt this in a while, and I cling onto that sense of self worth and belonging I can never get in real life. 

In real life, in school, in hagwon, it's different. I am still that star trek obsessed kid who thinks too much and tells weird jokes, but nobody knows be. Nobody knows who I am. Even my mom, my teachers, the kids in my school, nobody knows me. I can never talk about things I love in real life. I can't talk about html and building my own website with anyone, I can't talk about star trek or memes, I can't discuss philosophy or talk about how school sucks and how bad my day was. I feel like nobody gets me offline. I don't feel accepted. I feel like I'm the permanent new kid in my life.

I'm not seen as a smart kid anymore. When I was younger I was the gifted kid that always got stuff right, knew more stuff than the textbook, the kid who was always correcting the teacher, the kid who everyone asked things they didn't know. I was the kid whose teacher, when they called their parents, always told them how their kid was a bright and gifted kid. Everyone had high expectations for me, but now I'm disappointing everyone with my dropping grades and depression.

Tbh, I feel like I'm tricking everyone who views me as a smart person. I feel like an imposter who everyone mistook as the gifted kid when I was younger. I feel like I'm one of the the r/iamverysmart people who insecure with their intelligence. I feel like my whole childhood was a lie. 

Now people who don't know me well think I'm 'average". Worse, they see me as a lazy, creepy kid who forgets everything, doesn't understand social cues and eats lunch alone. I feel as if there is an underlying, constant "rage" about myself and everyone in my life. The "rage" sometimes makes me want to kill myself, or worse, kill everyone in my school. I feel like a terrible person, a being who can't be even described as "human" when I find myself imagining blowing up my school with a bomb. That "rage" seems to come from my insecurity. I feel so insecure sometimes that it turns into a full blown panic attack like I would never feel happy again, like every inch of hope has been sucked out from me. 

I'm confused about my dreams and major too. One day I want to be a programmer/developer, one day I want to be a professor in philosophy/history/neuroscience/astronomy, one day I just want to earn a living and be on the internet and game all day, one day I want to be a writer, one day I just want to fucking kill myself. My teachers pressure kids to choose their future jobs/major quickly. They are always doing activities that involve kids to write down their future majors and careers. I can't be honest with anyone, sometimes myself too. I feel like that ruined my whole dreaming thing beginning in 2018. I stopped to think about my possibilities and stopped being honest with myself and always thought that I was too late and wasn't qualified.

Sometimes I have the sudden urge to get my shit together and do something with this life. Then after a day when I find myself forgetting an assignment or procrastinating, I feel as if I can't never get my shit together and fall back into that viscous cycle again. This has happened to much to me that it sucked away the hope and made me thing I was going to be doomed forever.

I would write more if I could, but I feel so sick to write. Please help me. I feel so miserable. I don't want to live like this anymore.