I was hurt today I know that this is long, but I would appreciate if you could spare some time to read it. It would mean a lot. Thanks in advance.

(17 years old here)

So me and my best friend, whom I live with because my parents live oversees, and is like a brother to me, decided to go hiking at my small hometown where I haven't visited for 8 years. I had been really excited about this, not just because of the nostalgia, but I really like to spend quality time with him. He saved my life countless times and we have an unbreakable bond. 

Anyway, I had the whole day planned perfectly. We were going to arrive just an hour before sunset to reach the top of the trail before dark and to take some pictures of the view. As we got off the bus at the remote town, I rejoiced. Everything was how I had remembered it, we visited my old house and took a short walk to check out my kindergarten. It was truly wonderful. However, I was slowly overcome by a strange eerie feeling, like not everything was the same. I remembered that through my eyes as a 9 years old, all the inhabitants seemed joyful and happy, the houses warm and welcoming. But now everything was grey and dull. The people looked miserable, and the harsh reality was that I could now see the true poverty that is present there.

Before we headed towards the forest, we decided to stock up on some snack at the only store in town, which is a gas station. I used to love going there to buy lollipops. As we approached, we saw 4 men smoking cigarettes outside, obviously not caring about petrol station safety. Then, something really wierd happened. They simultaneously turned their heads and started staring at us. My friend jokingly mocked them by whispering "look at these two tourists" to me, and I didn't think much of it because I did have a massive camera hanging around my neck.  As soon as we made it clear that we wanted to go inside, each man put out their ciggarettes (irritably) and went their own way. The guy that worked there, came inside with us and we bought some chips and energy drinks. Now fully equipped for the journey, we stopped outside the door to put the stuff in the backpack. That's when one of the guys from earlier magically teleported behind me. He seemed to be in his late 20s.

Guy: (addressing my friend) Why are your nails painted boy?

I looked at my friend's nails, which were painted in a black and red patter that perfectly matched his jacket and pitch black hair.

My friend: Oh no reason, I was just bored during online class.

This was a lie. He just likes to paint his nails because they look great on him.

Guy: You aren't gay are you? Because only they do that.

My friend: No, actually my girlfriend helped me out.

This was true.

Guy: Is this your girlfriend, fag? (Nodds towards me).

I was speechless. I began to shake with fear and embarrassment. This was the first time where I had experienced true homophobia. And it really hurt. Not because I'm gay (I'm not), but because I realised that this man just attacked my friend after we had helped out their business, just because of some nail polish and proceed to harass us even though he didn't know anything about us.

We began walking away.

My friend: Haha, very funny man, it's the 21st century, you should get used to it.

Guy: I wasn't joking fag!

We were about 10 metres from him now, and this is when I had a heart attack.

Guy: (Whistles and shouts) Hey guys! We have 2 fags out here!

We began speedwalking for our lives.

The men had gathered outside for another smoke, shouting more slours our way. When we turned down a small street, my friend proceed to fill up the BB gun we had brought for entertainment, just incase we get attacked. I had a Swiss Army knife on me, which I put into my hands. 
We discussed our game plan, that if we were attacked, I would be ready to film everything with the camera hanging around my neck and my phone in the other hand. 

The men started walking towards us, and we broke into a sprint. They followed suit.
That's when my friend (he is 18 btw) took out the gun and fired 2 shots into the air (He has a BB desert eagle, which is super loud). 

The guys turned around so fast that I didn't even know people were physically capable of movement like that.

I almost began to cry, but I didn't want my friend to get more scared. Not that he was really, he had been in plenty of fights before with strangers. But this was a first for me. I hand never thought that my birthplace was so hostile. No wonder my parents moved abroad.

We proceeded with the hike, missing the sunset and navigating in the dark with the -2 degrees Celsius slowly getting the better of us. But we made it out alive. When we got home, my friend rolled a beautiful joint (I live with hippies) and we began talking about the day's events. We laughed it off, but I wasn't being honest with him. It shook me to my core. I still can't believe it. I think that that part of me will be hurting forever.

That's all. Hope you have a nice day!