Thank you for making 2020 bearable God were to begin? I think we all went through a lot of crap this year. From loved ones dying, to isolation from our friends and family, 2020 was kinda a shit show. I've been suffering from mental illness for the past four or so years, and this year pushed me a lot more than I thought I could handle. My therapist dumped me at the beginning of the year, and I felt so lost. I'd been working with her for two years and some part of me felt like I'd been betrayed. I bounced around a lot between different therapists and programs, and with everything being online, I couldn't really get close enough to anyone to really feel comfortable working with them. 

I started a new school at the beginning of the year. Transferring in your senior year is difficult, especially during a pandemic, when you can't form the same kinds of tight relationships with classmates that you can during in person. I burned a lot of bridges at my old school, and I found myself feeling alone and hopeless. 

The only people I could interact with where my family, and lets be honest, that did not go well. Between the constant arguments and the inability to go out as often as I'd like, I felt suffocated and hopeless. 

When everything is going to hell around you, and there's no one in your life you trust enough to talk to about it, the only option seems like suicide. 

I joined reddit about a year and a half ago. I wasn't on it much, but as I began to spend more time out home, I started to spend more time on reddit. I joined r/teenagers maybe two months ago, and I started posting. I didn't get a whole lot of interaction on my posts, but the interaction that I got was enough to help me get through this shitty year. I messaged other redditors, got added to discords, commented on posts, and it helped to remind me that the world is not as small as it seems. I am not alone. None of us are ever truly alone, it's just a matter of finding the right communities to join. 

Thank you for getting me through this year, and for giving me something to live for. Here's to a less shitty 2020.

Love, 

Luisa