My mind and nostalgia is killing me. I have a serious problem and it's about nostalgia or just looking back. When I do, it hurts so incredibly and I get a feeling that just wants to tear me apart. It really hurts and it's the worst feeling I've ever had. And I get this feeling all the time, it almost does not matter what I think about. Almost every event that I think back on, gives me that feeling and that's what's so weird. These events do not even have to be important or mean anything to me, but just the thought of how it was before gives me this feeling. And then when there are events that actually matter, this feeling becomes really torturing. It hurts so incredibly. Such events can be, for example, tournaments with the team, people I will never meet again or do not have the same relationship with, different events such as Christmas Eve or activities with friends, which I know I will never experience again. Then it is not really that I feel bad or sad now, because then maybe you could understand that you miss old times, and that is what is so strange.I am seriously afraid that I will commit suicide some day because the feeling will tell how it was in my childhood and so on. The more important events, the worse everything gets, I constantly build on small events that I for some reason miss. 

I need help. This is torture and my mind is killing me.This problem makes me just want to sit at home and never do anything, because I know that if I do anything, I will feel this way again because I get even more new events. For example, I can not even listen to my favorite music anymore, both because of this strange reason for missing completely random events, I associate the songs with important events that I miss, but mostly just because I miss these artists who are old and never will do music again (I listen to rock, etc.) It means, for example, that I can not play electric guitar as I have loved to do because I get so bad in my mind that I just want to cry. And what's so weird is also especially Christmas, which hurts me just by hearing Christmas music or just watching videos that are based on snow and Christmas. Then I immediately get this feeling for the 387th time that day and it hurts as much as the feeling of important events. I really do not understand why I get so much pain from looking back in time, even to events that are not even important, and even just from hearing about Christmas.

What is also connected with this is the future. I'm so scared that when I end up in an 8-4 job, I will be overwhelmed by these memories where I look back on my childhood where I had all these dreams of a football player or artist with the guitar. I will miss everything from my childhood so enormously and feel so disappointed in myself that I ended up in a completely normal adult life. I do not understand where people get joy from when it. It makes me push myself so much now and lose all motivation to practice on what I want to be good at, and when it happens I get so stressed, etc. precisely because I do not practise, because I know that I will then end up on such a job.

My friends are not taking my problem seriously, and they seem to not really care to much, I have spoken to my parents but they have no idea how to deal with it.