Anyone really stressed out 'bout the future? **Note: This is a question to everyone and it is a serious topic I am wondering about. However, my introduction post is just a rant/me freaking out so I set it to rant instead.**

  
Look, I am just about to head into grade 11 and I am stressed out of my mind right now.  
Grade 11... just two more years left until I graduate and have to start applying to universities and also have to worry about work/income in the future. It feels so close and its terrifying.  


I thought I would be fine but as the days come closer and closer, it just becomes even more scary. Grades become super important in these next years, same with volunteering and you have to manage all that to make yourself look good to universities (Over here in Canada, supposedly Universities like volunteering a lot). Of course learning to manage it is a good experince for the future but during the present its the worst. I have a feeling stress will not be coming down these two years and I will just be having a mental warfare this entire time.  


It's not like I am doing bad in school, I have had usually most A's with B's but the thing is, I chose not to do Internation Bacceleraute program now after doing two years of Pre-IB. I dont think I am someone who can deal with that stress but now I know that for students outside of IB have to get like a 95% average in school to go to one of the good Uni's in Canada (according to my counselours) and that is super stressful.  


On top of that, this year we had a certain major event that lasted for many months. That event completely messed up the school year for us too. We had online education for like 5 months and it wasn't exactly the best. We didn't learn a whole lot and its much harder to retain that information for me. The fact of the matter is that did not help me remember what I learned last year and now coming this year into grade 11 its still unstable. Supposedly its planned until a vaccine is out and we can acquire it, we will only have two days of in-class learning. The rest of it being remote. How will that effect our education and what we can learn. How will that effect our ability on final exams. How will it effect our chances at university. Honestly speaking, online learning was quite easy last year but that was not a good thing. What about grade 12 where we will most likely be having normal school again. If the previous years, the education was too easy then how will it effect our learning for the grade 12 which is our final chance at getting a good grade.

  
I have more to say but not going to lie, this is already too much written.  


**TLDR:** With the current events going around the world, I am stressed out about the fact that I am only two years away from graduation and I am afraid that my grades/education will be effected greatly due to this global event.