I don’t necessarily know where to rant so ig I’ll rant here Mother fucking hell. I’ve never really been “depressed” before now. Sure I got sad sometimes but until quarantine I never felt the way I do now. Nothing has any fucking meaning anymore. I’ve lost all hope and even the fact that my school will be doing a hybrid in person thing isn’t able to bring me out of it. This quarter I haven’t done a fucking single assignment and it’s going on three weeks tomorrow. I have Fs in all my classes because I just can’t fucking do them. I have no motivation whatsoever. The only sliver of joy I’ve found in the past few weeks is playing minecraft on a realm me and all my friends started. But even with that, afterwards I’m just thrown into a depressive slump again. I know that some of you might be going through this as well and fuck man I’m sorry. 

The other day was the first time I’ve ever legitimately considered suicide. The next morning I immediately dropped it and though better, but that fact is that I thought about it and that fucking scares me. What if one day I don’t shake it off? All these school assignments getting thrown at me have no value. None of the classes i’m in right now are based on subjects i’m interested in or want to make a career out of. And the one class I usually always really enjoy(history) has just lost all its charm. I can’t fucking take this anymore.

And my parents don’t help the situation either. Before quarantine I basically had free rane on my phone and how much I could talk to my friends and girlfriend. Then after quarantine my parents decided that it wasn’t cool to do that so I had to start turning my phone in every night. Ever since they’ve been putting more and more restrictions on the only shit I like to do. I’ve talked to them about it and tried to work something out but they won’t fucking listen. I feel so isolated and alone because of them and what they’re doing. I won’t go into anymore detail on what they’ve done but yeah. 

So yeah that’s pretty much it. I’m at my fucking limit and I know some of you might be too. Just hmu if you need any fucking person to talk to. Ik how lonely this can all feel and I wanna help you and i’m the process you can help me. Thank for listening to my ted talk.