Sooo we are getting evicted A bit ago we started renting this big house. It had alot of damage to it tho because of the previous owners...my family really prefers yard tho and they are like kinda country, so they didn't care that they doors had punches in the and that the cupboards had bites in them. Anyways no we aren't poor lol, we do really good with money. It's just we had to rush out of our old house because the owners were selling and needed us out, but they had nothing against us and we did no damage to the home so they put in a good word for us. We moved to this house because the rent was cheaper and finally my parents had their credit score back up enough to buy a house (my "grandma" stole our credit card a few years back and used alot of money and we went bankrupt because of her, and my parents decided not to press charges because that was my dads mom, but she fucked us up) but these people were already dicks, ever since we moved in BECAUSE we pay our rent right on time, they thought it would be okay to raise the rent up 100 every month. Yep. No shit. So now that it's around Christmas time they have been paying HELLA for the rent, my grandma stole our credit card info (found out credit card, took a pic and left) luckily we caught it faster and changed it. Anyways so my parents are paying alot for rent, and bought Christmas presents and my birthday is right after Christmas so they were also getting my bday presents. Anyway, out of no where, these dicks tell us they are selling and we are getting evicted. They came to our house, and say the damage that already happened (we have proof for pics that it was there before, but they just needed an excuse to get us out because their grandson wants to move in) and said we did it and knew that we didn't because they even told us about it before we moved in. That the previous owners were trashy. Now they said we have until dec 30th. They really fucked us over. I mean 2020 has been a shit year for everyone, but it decided to be extra tough on my parents. Also my dads work is selling their company and is maybe gonna shut down, he has been working there for years but yeah... there are no houses to rent atm, only to buy or to live in a small apartment. And we would buy but we wanted to make sure we loved the area, home and yard. But yayyy :) hope you all had a good day. Sorry if there are typos I'm just scared...