My incomplete guide to avoiding suicide. Hey guys, every time I pop in here I see quite a few posts about feeling suicidal. I'm 27 now, but when I was 14 I attempted suicide and I spent the rest of my teens wishing I had died. I thought that it might help someone to share some of the things I did that kept me alive (in addition to seeking professional help). 


1. Make it inconvenient as hell for you to actually go through with it. I set rules for myself: I have to get rid of all my stuff first, I have to write a series of notes to people who matter to me, etc. Depression is exhausting and I'm lazy at the best of times so I never got around to doing those things. When all else failed, this is the single thing that's saved my life countless times.

2. Imagine how people would feel if they cared about you. I often felt like it wouldn't matter to anyone or even make their life better if I killed myself. Ask yourself, what would happen to them if you were wrong?

3. Do anything besides drugs that will turn take up your conscious attention, often. I exclude drugs because I personally felt worse when I got high, no matter what the drug was. I felt like I was paying to have fun and had just thrown my money out the window, and then I got to feel physically and mentally shitty the next day. What worked better for me was to go for long drives where I intentionally got lost and found my way home. Insert your distraction of choice here. You don't always have to be productive. 

4. Let yourself imagine a positive future without worrying about getting there. Everyone I know who is really cool and interesting tried a bunch of things before they found something that works for them and none of them did things as expected of them. Everything I've ever done has been a learning experience, even if it sucked. As a teenager there's a ton of pressure on you to get ready for college and to know exactly what you want to do with your life. Fuck that. I think it's a great idea to go to college because it makes it a lot easier to get a job, but the fact is most graduates don't end up with a job in their field. Instead of struggling to make a plan while you're suicidal, just think about things you'd still like to do sometime. You can get there.

5. Challenge your thinking. I grew up in a family of mentally ill and/or toxic people. I learned to look at how they handled problems as a roadmap of what not to do. This is going to sound like some new age bullshit, but change the story you tell yourself. It's hard to go against habit, but try tackling a problem in a new way. For example, I had a nasty habit of lashing out at people to drive them away because I thought they didn't care about me. This shouldn't be surprising but it did not fucking help even a little. I started taking breaks from people instead of lashing out and they in turn were better able to support me when I needed them.

5. Try to remember that you'll feel better sometime. This one is hardest, I think. It took me a really long time to find joy in things again, but I don't want that to put you off. My life is better now because I was suicidal. I have more empathy, I'm more passionate about what I do with my time, and I love my wife with everything I have. It's slow, but there will come a time when things just gradually get easier. Problems don't change, necessarily, but they become easier to deal with. They don't weigh on you as much. You can just live without your head buzzing all the time. 


I hope this helps somebody. You guys get a lot of shit but as a generation you're smart as hell, effective activists, and general badasses. I can't wait for you to be free in the world.