The worst f**king week of my life So this is hard for me. I dont know where to start because this is alot. I dont have space, energy or the right mental state to put out the whole story but i just have to get some of it out somehow. Only 2 of my closest friends know this because i dont trust anyone else, especially with this sick and fucked up case.

Its vacation here in norway right now (hedmark) and the plan was to visit my sisters and head back home wednesday night. They live 7 hours away roughly. Everything was great and it was nice to see them again. My sister even got a baby since last time i saw her. We spendt planned time there and it was very nice as i said. On the train home both me and my little brother felt this weird feeling. (We often get this anxious feelings because of shit thats happened in the past in our home). But i tried to remain calm for me and his sake. When we finally came to the place our dad was gonna pick us up, our two uncles met us with the police by their side. Since my brother has his birthday next week i thought this was some kind of suprise at first, but it didnt take long for me to understand that something bad had happened to my dad. 

My brother is a total nerve wreck to be brutally honest so getting him to understand was almost impossible, but our uncles continued to inform us on what the case was. My dad had planned his suicide down in every detail and was going to do it while we wasnt home. Over the past 3 years he had started to evolve a scary relationship with alcohol. My mom didnt bother about this anymore of obvious reasons that i dont want to talk about. He took some pills and drank alot which caused him to overdose and pass out. He posted a really disturbing picture on facebook that caught my moms attention really quick(thankfully). She noticed that he was barely breathing and didnt respond to her when she asked him about his state of form and mind.

She called my uncles and they was on the road as fast as possible. My dad went to the hospital right away and my mom sat alone in the corner of her room with a panic and anxiety attack. They kept all this a secret for me and my brother so we could have a nice trip to kristiansand where my sisters live. 

Theres been alot, like a whole fuckin lot over these past days and im still trying to understand everything even tho i do. Its just alot to prossess.

A quick and important note is that this isnt the first time my dad tries to kill himself. Same with my mom. But after this incidense, alot of secrets has been debunked. Clearly my dad is a narcissistic psychopath with a gambling and alcohol problem. He used my moms identity to get credit cards and loans all the time, but the weird thing about that is none of that money was used to pay for the house or anything like that. No one else but he knows what the money has been spent on. I love my father so much but he scares me. 

Tonight was the first time in a week ive seen him and its was the best feeling ever, but also the worst feeling ive ever had in my life. I was so in shock that i could barely see and when i finally could see a bit better, the only things i saw was hallucinations and shit. Worst day in my whole life.

This is just the short version of the story but i had to get it out in a way. I know Reddit is a dumb place to talk about this stuff, but atleast im anonymous.