Hey guys check out this cool beast monster that I wrote about for a future animated series/manga my friend and I are planning The Intellectual is a giant, 8-armed biological colossal fusion composed of the souls of Leo, Steven, Saul and Carlos. 

Despite his crude demeanor and destructive nature, The Intellectual has conscience of what happens around him, and has the intelligence to strategize, rationalize and restrain himself from being reckless under his surroundings.

In his standard combat mode, The Intellectual can perform varios combos using his Determination blade and Symbiote limbs. He can also attack from long range using his comically upscaled pistol, allowing him to shoot Symbiote bullets which kill and paralyze most enemies on sight. 

If given enough time, The Intellectual can also let out a roaring screech, causing a shockwave that usually dazes his opponents for a short amount of time. Once stunned, he often adds onto the ambush by latching onto the enemy, biting into them with his many rows of sharp teeth.

The Intellectual has a powerful long-range move that can completely vaporize the enemy if left untreated. The Diocesano symbol plastered on his chest can begin to light up various colors. Once this happens, The Intellectual will stand still as he charges up his attack. Once ready, The Intellectual will launch a full force, enormous green beam with a multi-colored red, yellow and purple aura, damaging anything in its path.

As an ultimate move, The Intellectual can preform a Dark Piercing Mouth Impale, combining all his weapons to form a shotgun, launching a Symbiote net towards the enemy, trapping them and paralyzing them completely. Once entangled in this net, a giant black sword with a red aura will appear behind the enemy, impaling them from behind, extracting anything from the inside out through the mouth. 

It is also worth noting that The Intellectual can only remain intact for no longer than 15 minutes, due to him being a tank of energy that Steven cannot withhold for long. His strongest attack, such as his beam and ultimate move, reduces the amount of time he has left by 8 minutes.