So this is awkward but I have a weird question and I need help from you teens. It would help hearing from gay/bi teens too, whether I should be concerned or not about my nephew. So my recently widowed sister asked me to move in with her and her 15 year old son back when lockdown first began in March. And as a fresh college graduate with no housing and my job prospects in danger, I took her up on her offer.

Ever since then, I’ve more or less just helped out around the house and chilled out. My parents are unhappy and called me a bum, but I’m looking at this as a “gap year” kinda thing. In that time though, I’ve gotten really close with my nephew, who was only 14 when I first moved in.

Because were not too far away in terms of age (yes my sister is considerably older than me) I’ve become a weird combination of a uncle/big brother figure to my nephew, and he’s confided in me a lot of things. One of the biggest things being that he’s secretly gay. Now, my sister is a HUGE homophobe, so me and my nephew have decided to keep that between us for now. 

But the things is, I’ve started getting a little bit concerned about him. It’s obvious that he’s more of a “bottom” type, and seems to be susceptible to crushes on older guys. We watch tiktok sometimes and he usually makes passing comments on what he’d let some of the college aged dudes (or older) do to him, and this raises my eyebrows sometimes. 

Now I know that a lot of you are gonna be dismissive, and to be fair, I know that if the tables were turned and it was a straight boy talking about a hot girl, I wouldn’t be worried. But the thing is, when he plays fortnite I notice this trend too. He talks normal when playing with people his age. But when he gets teamed up with someone who sounds older, like around college aged, he’d start getting flustered and would have a smile on his face the entire time. 

Again, I know this could be just an innocent crush type thing, and I hear you. But please hear me out. I’ve heard him ASK for some of these older dudes Snapchat’s. And that’s worrying to me. None of them has actually done so yet, because they know they’re talking to a fifteen year old, but I’m concerned about what will happen if my nephew meets a creep? What if he crushes on a guy, and asks for his snap. And this creep sees an easy chance to get some 15 year old nudes, and agrees? 

Isn’t that dangerous? Like, I have to admit. I know there’s some double standards because as a teen, I’ve done similar or worse. And I know all teens do crush on older people and would do stuff if they had the chance. So am I being overprotective? Or should I be concerned? Would my nephew actually go that far, or is it just innocent curiosity on his part? I find it hard to believe that innocent curiosity makes him ask for someone’s snap, especially seeing how the fuckboys in my college use that app for one thing only.