My situation So lets start this from the beginning, a few days ago i stayed over with my grandma after my cousins graduation at a stadium, we couldn't make it to the house since it was so foggy plus i was gonna get my hair cut and the place i go to is near my grandma's so i stayed over with her and my dad drove home before the fog got thicker. the next day my dad called me staying that my mom will drop off 2 baby brothers here so i waited for most of the day but they never came. When dad showed up i went straight to the hair salon and cut my hair, since my grandma has my mom as a secret santa we decided to go to the store to buy something for her. After about an hour or so we go to the grocery store to buy food for the Christmas party. More hours pass as we arrive back to grandma's apartment, then my mom calls as i answer the phone immediately i knew she was stressed out because of the kids as she was shouting and asking where we're we, i told her we were at my granny's and right after that she called my dad's mom a "Bitch". Dad took my phone and hung up as we got into the truck and headed home. I prepared for a shout fest as i went in, i find all of my dads clothes all over the floor and outside, i was shocked but i tried to get to my room before my mom said something. Mom rushed to my room and snatched my tablet, computer and controls while telling me to never hang up on her (Even though my dad hung up when she called) and screamed at my dad for a good while and left while crying. I helped my dad to pick up his clothes and hang them back. It was late as i prepped to go to sleep. My mom returns with a bag as she folded her own clothes since she threw them down as well while still arguing at dad, i ignored them and tried to sleep. I kept on hearing them until my dad shouted my name a way I never heard, when i rushed to the living room, i see my mom with a butcher knife trying to stab dad while he was struggling to keep the knife away from his face, i immediately grabbed mom's wrist and grabbed the knife throwing it on the floor right before my dad pinned her to the ground in a act of self defense, mom shouted at me to call the police which i reluctantly did. I explained everything to them even the knife, my mom rushed to my room and hit me threatening me that both of my parents will be going to jail and we will go to CPS. I ignored her as i told them the address and hung up. A few minutes later 6 cops show up fully kitted as they questioned us including me, after about a half an hour, the cops leave with my mom following them. Turns out she was going into a detention center for assault and the bail was going to be 30,000 dollars as dad said, Mom will also not be living with us as she cannot step into the property at all as well as be near my dad. My grandma will have to stay in our with the kids as i will have to go to school and dad will have to go to work. The relationship will also be over as he gave all custody to my dad. I don't know what to do this is all so depressing