17 cool facts on the number 17 1.  According to research done by MIT the number 17 is the  most common randomly chosen number between 1 and 20. This isn’t a  completely random occurrence, either, as MIT has tested this theory a  number of times with the same result each time!

2. 17 is the seventh prime number. A prime number is a number that can only be divided by both itself and the number 1.

3. The  number 17 is more than just a prime number though – If you add the  first four prime numbers together their sum is 17. It’s also the only  prime number that is made up of four other consecutive prime numbers,  these numbers being 2, 3, 5, and 7.

4. In the French,  Catalan and Italian languages 17 is the first compound number. A  compound number is a number made up of two different sets of numbers, in  this case being *dix-sept*, *disset*, and *diciassette*, all meaning 10+7 respectively.

5. In  the UK when you turn 17 you’re granted a whole new level of freedom, as  it’s at this age that you can start taking driving lessons, as well as  being able to drive both a van or a car.

6. There are  many new-found freedoms for those who turn 17 in the US, too. Once you  reach this age you’re allowed to apply for a private pilot license, rent  R-rated movies, enlist in the armed forces (only with your parent’s  consent), as well as being able to rent or buy any M-rated video games!

7. The  number 17 is an incredibly common song title. Some of the most  well-known artists with a song titled either “17”, “Seventeen”, or  including the number in some way include Prince, Kings of Leon, The  Smashing Pumpkins, Jimmy Eat World, Stevie Nicks, and the Sex Pistols.

8. The Beatles hit song “I Saw Her Standing There” was originally going to be called “Seventeen”.

9. There’s a character in the hit Japanese manga and anime series *Dragonball Z* called Android 17, a cyborg who plays the role of villain at the end of Season 3 of the TV show.

10. The  periodic table of elements is arranged into different groups, and group  17 is made up of the halogens, which includes five elements that are  chemically similar. Chlorine, one of the halogens, has atomic number 17.

11. Followers of [Islam](https://www.thefactsite.com/islam-facts/) must perform 17 raka’ahs, or set of prayers and movements, in each of their 5 daily times of prayer.

12. Most  people in the world would consider the number 13 to be the most unlucky  number, but this isn’t the case everywhere. In Italy, the number 17 is  instead considered unlucky, and it goes back to the age of Romans. In [Roman numerals](https://www.thefactsite.com/history-of-roman-numerals/),  17 is XVII, which when rearranged becomes VIXI. In Latin VIXI means “I  have lived”, which essentially means “I am dead”. Alitalia, an Italian  airline doesn’t have a row 17 for this very reason, and some hotels do  not have a room 17.

13. The youngest person to have ever played in a Football (Soccer) [World Cup](https://www.thefactsite.com/world-cup-facts/) final was the Brazilian superstar Edson Arantes do Nascimento, otherwise known as Pelé, who was 17 at the time.

14. The  youngest recipient of the highly sought after Nobel prize was Malala  Yousafzai, who was just 17 at the time. She was awarded the Nobel Peace  Prize in 2014 for her struggles in advocating the rights for young women  and children to have fair access to education.

15. According to ancient Egyptian legends the death of Osiris, the god of death and resurrection, happened on the 17th of  a month. As with most legends that predate decent calendar systems, it  gets a little vague after this point – although it apparently happened  on a day in which it was clear to see that the full moon was over.

16.It’s  been proven that for a solvable game of the popular number puzzle  Sudoku to be completed it must have at least 17 different clues.

17. It's my 17th birthday and this was a trap so that you may reach this step, th17nks if you've re17d this or simply jumped to this fact.