I don't know what to do. So around four years ago was when i heard my dad first mention Infowars. I wasn't on reddit or really the internet in general, so I had no idea what it was. until yesterday, I hadn't visited that website. In maybe 2018, I stumbled across the Friggin Gay Frogs remix, and asked my dad if that was the Infowars he was talking about. He told me it was and the man screaming that the frogs were gay was a genius.

 Over 2020, my dad's belief in the conspiracy theories has grown. Our family are trump supporters, and we're not all crazy. When Trump lost, me and  mom accepted defeat, and went to bed. my father, however, ranted for the next month how the democrats had stolen the election and Joe Biden was a child molester and he and all of his campaign crew should be executed. He also has very strong feelings to Bill Gates. He claims  that Bill Gates was the one who started the Covid-19 pandemic, by giving the WHO and CDC so much money they would do whatever he told them. he's also told me that Bill Gates will microchip us, and to go or do anything, we'll scan our microchip and be let through. He thinks this will happen in the next thirty years at the most. He's also not let any of us get vaccines since 2008, and yes, I am alive. 

&amp;#x200B;

Jump to yesterday night, the 19th. My dad had been working on his truck for most of the day, and when he came in he was covered in oil or something and started washing off his hands. he then said, "I should learn how to make soap. after all, when the apocalypse comes, we won't be able to buy it." to that I said, "so you really think the apocalypse will come in the next 30 years?" he looked at me and started yelling, and I quote exactly, "You don't understand! you don't understand! you don't understand! You just wanna sit on this goddamn couch and try and discredit all that I say! Read the books! Read the books and you'll know what I know!" ("the books" that he is referencing are books from Infowars, talking about how the apocalypse is coming, amongst other things. I found one book that said that Hitler didn't kill himself, he was alive today, living in Antarctica, amassing an army to attack the world for WWIII.) Anyway, He then started saying that  he'd showed me "the evidence." as an example, he asked me to remember when he showed me Bill Gates' patent for quantum ink dots (patent no. 60606 if you're  interested)  that turned out to be a cryptocurrency system. when I pointed that out, he slapped me across the face *in front* of my eight and ten year old siblings and threated to *throw me out of the house* if I didn't stop "poisoning his mind" with my "communist talk" he then said "go away Satan," and sent me to bed. 

What the fuck.