powerless over something that should be minor in the space of 24 hours, i received 3 bans. i am here just to say how sorry i am for my mistakes. first, i posted on a freelance sub something that wasn't necessarily bad but it broke their rule. i received a ban. second, i posted a meme on certain wholesome place, and it was taken down. rather than show curiosity and detachment, i took it very personally. i reposted the meme with words pasted over it saying i was gonna leave that sub because the meme was removed. i was sad but i deserved it because i lost my temper. finally, i commented on a live video to the effect that a host's derriere took on some meaning to me. it was well -over the line, and i am chilled by my own words. this resulted in another ban. that's three during one global monday. all i can do now is contact each group's moderators, apologize, genuinely show that i want to make it right, show that i am really sorry and that i care about these issues.. and not just because i was banned but because these actions led me to look again at the trail of comments and posts i leave behind on reddit. i want to do better, or find a way to be funny without getting into stuff that's offensive or anything.. that kind of humor and stuff takes skill and practice. i dont have that skill. if given a second chance with any of these subs, i won't need to say much at all for a very long time. i can't make memes, i cant control my temper. and i certainly have very little filter. i deserve very little chance of coming back into the fold. and yet, i am still hoping i can fix this. somehow. your thoughts and prayers would be appreciated, for even if these are only bans - i sit and look at the messages, see the "ban" and - i just feel there isn't a word for it. it's not destroyed, that's too much. it's not just "sad" because it's childish to let it bother me. it's \*silenced\* maybe, or even deserving the muting, it's \*powerless\* - unable to rectify, even to tell the mods "hey im better than that, im better than what you saw there." or at least, "hey guys you're right. i have had some time to think and i realize i was wrong." - meanwhile, idk whats wrong with me lately. but im not ok.