Crush Started Talking To Me 24/7, But Now... He hardly texts at all.

Storytime: My crush and I have known each other since we were little, gone to the same church, family friends, etc. I am 17 and going to be a junior, he is 18 1/2 and just graduated, although is pursuing a career instead of going away to college (or I wouldn't be wasting my time).

 We started actually becoming friends after going away with friends to the mountains for a weekend, we hang out a lot there. We get home and he immediately texts me right after, saying that he hopes I had a good time because he didn't get to say goodbye to me. We start texting more frequently after that, but he's always the one to start the conversation, he just takes a little while to answer (although he is like this with everyone). Quarantine hits and he starts reaching out every two days, asking how I am and stuff, but the conversations don't get super far. 

Fast forward to the 2nd of June. We stay up all night talking. Next night it happens again. And then we are talking and texting all the time. We hang out with friends a lot, he and I always talk after church events. He always texts me right away even after we leave. He flirts a moderately, nothing crazy, and he always texts 'did you get home safe?' after hanging with friends or drops me off at home. His mom talks to me about him all the time, mentions things that I've texted him about, says that he always talks about hanging with me and friends, so I know he's talking to her about me. I like him for sure now, and I'm thinking by all the signs he's at least interested.

Beginning of July, gets a little weird, doesn't talk as much, but will still reach out. But it gets less and less. I text him after getting fed up, in a nice way, asking if we were okay, and that I liked talking to him but I didn't know if I was bothering him, etc. He responds and says that it's not anything with me, he's just busy and isn't good at responding to text messages. The next time he saw me he said something about being bad at answering cause he knew I was upset, and then he tried to compliment me on my hair. We still talk in person, still friends, but not much texting anymore. He still stares at me in group settings, etc.

We don't text for a month. I haven't seen him in a month due to vacation on my and his end, events with friends falling through, etc. He texts me out of nowhere, this week, asking if I was out riding my bike, even though he knew I was on vacation due to a group chat text a couple hours before. I told him no, but we started catching up a lot for two days, and then he doesn't answer again. 

I don't know what to make of it. And I really like this kid a lot. I know he's not a trying to play me, he's a really genuine and good kid. A lot of my older friends (20s) say that it's just summer and he has interest and that I should put myself out there and ask him out. I'm way too scared of making things weird. Therefore here I am. Congrats if you made it to the end of this story, I will take any advice :)

P.S. Probably seeing him tonight, wish me luck.

**TLDR:** Crush sends confusing signals over the entire summer, I am confused, unsure of how to proceed.