I DON'T CARE IF ANYONE READS THIS OR RESPONDS TO THIS IT'S FUCKING LONG THERE'S NO TLDR IDFC I JUST WANTED IT TO POSTED SOMEWHERE. I woke up in the middle of the night, with my throat parched. I had a nightmare. I looked at the clock and found it was 3:37 am. There were humans eating humans and it was gross, but nothing to keep me awake all night. I got off the bed, heading to the kitchen, to have a glass of water; but there on the couch was my roommate. She was smiling at her phone, for some reason and she was definitely drunk, I could see two beer bottles in front of her, one only half empty. I didn't even know she liked to drink. She can't be drinking while stupidly texting her boyfriend in the middle of the night. We had to go to the office in the morning. 

I took a seat beside her on the couch, snatched her phone, and raised it to a level we both knew she wouldn't reach. After a few futile attempts, she gave up. All I could think was how I never had been this close to her, how soft her body was against me, unlike all the girls I had dated. If I have to be honest, I had never thought of her as a girl, she was like my best buddy. I could talk to her like I would have talked to a guy best friend. How could I think of her as a girl, when she swore so much, when she played Call Of Duty with me? 

"Why?" she asked, "why are you stealing my happiness from me?" She asked, folding her hands like a 5 year old. I looked at her screen, and surprisingly it wasn't conversation. There was text, I realized it's a book, I looked at the title and found out what it was about. It was a plus size love story. "Why do you read this?" I asked her. 
"That's how close I can get to romance." She had this sadness in her eyes. "But you have a boyfriend, right?" I asked her slightly confused.
She started giggling, like a love sick teenager. It was so unlike her. "I can't believe, you believed that" suddenly her smile, turned downwards, and tears stained her cheek, "it was a lie, do you think anyone can really like me with all this flab?" she asked patting her stomach. "No one would date me, even if they were paid for it, man, it's obvious. I can never be loved, even if I love myself. I don't even deserve love. 
All these stupid stories, are my only way to feel loved, wanted, because in a world of fiction, maybe, just maybe I am wanted. In the real world, I feel nothing but pain, I want to feel so many things, but I will never be able to, because who would love me? I am just a fat, ugly snob rolling through life. That's why I read these stupid stories, because I would never be at the receiving end when it comes to love. No one would date me, heck no would date me even if they were paid for it." Her tears were streaming down continuously, as she continued to be too harsh to herself. I remembered all the times, she would smile at work, even around me, she would never cry. She was so confident and kind, she always told everyone 'call me when in need' and I had heard excellent stories from my colleagues about her help. I never thought that she could cry, but right now, she looked so broken and fragile, I had this urge to comfort her, to do whatever I can to see her smile, once again. Although, I was never the kind of man to take advantage of any girl, but right now, when she looked so vulnerable, all I could think of was how, I wanted to kiss her on her always-dry lips, make them moist with mine.  I blinked and realized my eyes were filled with tears, as a single tear rolled down my right cheek. I stopped thinking and asked her, "would you remember everything after waking up in the noon?" She shook her head, I did the unthinkable. My lips took over hers in no time. I was fierce at first, but she was drunk, so we took it slow. It was sloppy at first, but then she did it more steadily, as if I was sucking her intoxication, and sobering her up. She tasted like beers and cherries, her lips, even softer than I had imagined. I dropped my hands to her waist, from her face, very carefully, as if she would break if I hold her too tight. She had her hands around my neck, and nothing ever felt as good as that moment, and I knew I was wrecked. I felt her smiling into the kiss and I did the same. We pulled away for a very much needed breath, and she whispered the words, 'thank you' and with another kiss, she hugged me and slept in my arms, on the couch. I half-wished that she did remember what we did, later in the afternoon. I really wanted to know, what she felt about it, but the other half of me was dreading for her furious reaction.