I Have a Rant I don't normally post this sort of stuff on reddit but I have to rant. Here goes nothing...

 People are idiots. I'm a pretty pessemistic person, which isn't good, but I just cannot believe how people can be so stupid. A worldwide pandemic really does seem to bring out people's true colors. 

 After a LONG time in quarantine, finally I think it's getting to me. I'm fine not being social IRL. That's not my thing, but I just want to be able  to go outside without having to worry about getting the virus whenever I touch something.

 And another thing that makes me angry is seeing people in a store without a mask, shamelessly yelling, spitting everywhere and disrupting everyone. Like, they don't even TRY to hide their nose and mouth.  Jesus fucking christ, man. 

Everyone says that now is the time to be doing more things with all the free-time.  I HAVE been starting long-term projects, but the only time I get to talk to people is on a discord call playing something. And the worst part about THAT is that none of my (school) friends like to talk to me, as sad as it sounds. My friends from school (basically some of my only ones), don't consider ME their close friend, which I don't either, but anyways: they don't DO discord calls and among us, so my social life is with my SISTER'S friends. (My sis is in 10th grade). And it sounds stupid but talking to people older than you is intimidating sometimes (I'm 13f, she's 15f). Sometimes I wonder if they just let me join bc they're too nice not to. My sister denies this, and I know it's probably true, but I'm just naturally very insecure and I question sometimes. 

 Ik that my life is great and I need to be more grateful. If nobody talks to me during quarantine thats ok with me, I don't need people to have to give me attention. Thats not cool, but I hope the world gets better soon because it's fucked that my generation is going to have a shit life because of a growth in generational maturity. My generation is more "mature" at this age than any other generation, and that's innevitable. Childhood is getting shorter  and shorter due to exposure to media at an early age. 

My childhood is coming to an end, as stupid as it sounds. It's been cut short with covid. I have to think about college and stuff soon, and it's scary. I have no idea how the world works. But I DO know that it's pretty bad. It scares me to think that I'M naive and somehow the naive one knows about drugs, social issues and so much wrong with the world, and thats not even the tip of the iceburg. 

Anywho, if anyone gives this wholesome seal award, i don't know what i'm going to do. Am I being stupid?