The mods aren’t the issue, the site is. As someone who has in the past moderated on a subreddit with about ~60k users, ( I abandoned the account after the sub was taken over by a moderator that wasn’t even appointed by any of the other mods, and so I made my current account to escape the drama related to the sub) I can tell you that the moderators here are not the issue. Reddit’s sitewide rules and administrators are the problem. 90% of the posts I had to moderate with my previous account were for behavior that could be seen as “witch-hunting” or “inciting violence”. Not censoring a name in a screenshot of a Twitter pedo counts as leading to “witch-hunting”. Showing evidence of a user engaging in animal abuse, and pleading for people to report the animal abuser, counts as “witch-hunting”. If the mods here did what was the right thing, they could be associated with “witch-hunting” and get the subreddit banned. Reddit was created under the assumption that people wouldn’t use it for violent, toxic, or even criminal behavior. Over the years, reddit has cracked down, and implemented stricter rules, to avoid bad press from controversial subreddits. However, in the process of trying to stamp out toxicity form the site, they just made it a safe haven for pedophiles, zoophiles, human traffickers, and rapists. Half the time, sitewide admins don’t even look into users who have been reported for such things, because much of the evidence circulated against the criminal counts as “witch-hunting”. Please, don’t blame the mods for what has happened, blame u/spez and the sitewide administrators for their botched attempts to fix reddit. They were the ones who opened this can of worms when they tried to define when behavior became harassment or hate speech, and in the process of trying to make the site more inclusive and safe, they inadvertently did the opposite. The mods are trying their best to act on moderating situations like what happened recently, while avoiding the subreddit from being banned.