Not 👏 all 👏 men 👏 are 👏 trash 👏 Not 👏 all 👏 women 👏 are 👏 trash 👏

Not 👏 all 👏 enbys 👏 are 👏 trash 👏

Not 👏 all 👏 people 👏 are 👏 trash 👏


Saying anything like this is generalizing, I see people saying that all men are trash, and as a guy, that pisses me off, but we have to remember that every gender can do bad stuff. 

When guys say, this is why I hate girls, they get arrows and agreed with, but if someone says all men are trash, they get pissed off, but they don't realize that the people saying stuff like this are one in the same, they're assholes.

When you say all men are trash, you're being an asshole, when you say, this is why I hate girls, you're being an asshole.

I ( a guy ) hate when people say all girls are horrible, because I think girls can be really nice, an have had good experiences with girls, but I also hate when people say all men are trash, because even though I'm trash, that doesn't mean all men are.


Everyone has bad experiences with other people, and most of the people who are saying that all men are trash, have been catcalled, or raped, or sexually harrassed (or had some other bad experiences with men).  Those bad experiences caused them to have a bad idea of men. Similarly, when guys say, this is why I hate girls, they are saying that stuff because that were mabye sexually harrassed, catcalled, or raped, (or had any other bad experience) again, those bad experiences influenced their perception of women.


It's fine to have a bad experience with a certain gender, and temporarily have a bad idea of them for a day or two, but after those two days, you should realize that there are 7 billion people on the earth, and if all men are trash, and all women are trash, that would mean everybody is trash.

Everybody has bad experiences, and has their own problems, but we can't let our bad experiences influence our opinions of a group of people. 

There are good men, there are good women, there are good enbys, there are good people.


Please just treat others with respect, don't generalize, and please don't hate.