A letter to my grandmother Hey, just a warning, this is kinda sad.

A few years ago, my grandmother was diagnosed with cancer, and she's developed another type since then. She's been going to chemotherapy for a while, but about two months ago, she picked me up and she was wearing a hat. I realized that it was because she had lost her hair and she was afraid what I would think. That broke me inside a little. That really opened my eyes up to the fact that she isn't doing too well and that someday soon I might lose her. It took everything in me to not break down during that visit.
It screwed me up for the next few days. I really didn't know what to do, but I couldn't just say nothing and do nothing. I couldn't just let her go without any effort on my part to love her while she is still here. I've never lost a loved one, and I didn't know how to handle that possibility, but I couldn't let her worry if I'll be okay or not after she leaves. Finally I decided to give her a letter to let her know how I felt. I was really scared because I didn't know if it'd be acceptable to do that, because how do you talk to a person about the fact that you might lose them soon? But I did it, and this is the letter. I'm so glad I gave it to her. 

"Hey Nana,
I love you. I wanna start out with I love you, because I think it's the most important thing to say.
I also really want you to know that no matter what happens, I'll be okay. I know you aren't doing too well, and that you haven't been for a while. And I just want to let you know that even if you pass away, I'll be alright. I'll be sad, yes. It'll hurt, yes. But I want you to know that I'll be okay. I've been through a lot and I'm a strong kid nana. I don't want you to pass away, but I know that everyone has their time. And I really want you to know that when your time comes I'll be alright. Even though it'll hurt a lot, I'll be okay. So please don't worry about me. 
I know I don't come over as often as I should. I really want to fix that, but with this virus going around, and there being so many confirmed cases at [where I live], I don't know if I can safely. I know that normally when I come over I spend most of my time looking at a screen. And I'm sorry about that. I know that when I eat at the dinner table with y'all I'm usually the quiet kid who listens to everyone else speak. And I'm sorry that I don't participate more.
I want you to know that behind every time I've hidden behind a screen or hidden behind my silence, I've been making an effort to show you how much I love you. I'm good with words but I never have been good at speaking my mind, especially when it comes to family. But I want you to know that all of you are so important to me. You are all my family. I've had a lot of people try to fill that role, and no one has been able to do it except for y'all. No one has been able to fill the role you fill except for you. But please know that no matter what happens I'll still be okay. And I'm going to try harder to do better, and be better. 
I remember that one moment where I grabbed your hands and we had a meaningful conversation. I'll never forget that. You said you hated seeing me hurt. I'm doing better now Nana. And I'm gonna continue to get better. I'm always going to have that memory, and because of that I'll always have a piece of you. So please, please, don't worry about me.
I love you Nana. And I hope you have a wonderful day.
Sincerely,
Your grandson"

I was in tears for days when I wrote this and terrified after I gave it to her. I was told the next day that she hadn't read it yet, because she didn't want to cry yet(I told her when I handed it to her that it would be a sad letter). But when I went over after a few days, she just walked up to me, and rubbed me on the back, and went to go sit back down. I didn't know for sure at first whether she read it or not, but now I'm certain. And I'm so happy that I gave it to her, because now, she can know that I'll be okay after she leaves. I just didn't want her to worry. (She's still alive btw. I hope to go over to her house this weekend.)
I avoided posting the letter for a while because I didn't want this to be a publicity stunt or something I did for attention. But some time has passed by, and I want people to know that it's okay to reach out to loved ones like this. It's okay to talk about stuff like this. And personally, I think it would be much better to do it while it they're still with you, than regret it when they're gone and not be able to do anything then.