my Reddit childhood predator blocked me after i broke up with him hi, i want to give a massive TW warning to anyone who has hard time hearing or speaking about child exploitation, self harm, mental abuse and pedophilia.

im 15F, he is 38M. he is a divorced man with a daughter which is 12 years old.

we met on reddit and i messaged him because his username intrigued me lots. we started chatting and he was the one starting the dirty talk. he had a lewd picture on his profile page which i found only after i had messaged him but im certain he thought i pmed him because of that. i never lied about my age, i told him i was 15 straight away. he told me a bit more about himself.

then i told him about myself.

important is that he is from US and i am from a smaller slavic country, this was never nothing more than an internet thing.

he was very much into Daddy Daughter stuff and would often refer to me as his daughter. i asked him a few times would he do this with his actual daughter to which he would ask me would i do it with my actual daughter. of course not.

my parents are not great and i lacked a solid father figure for most of my life. so i liked that he was someone i could talk to. but then he would also get horny and ask for stuff.

we exchanged discord usernames, which i only used for video game related stuff up to then and we would just talk.

later on, he would ask to see me and i would do stuff for him. he enjoyed it and i liked the validation.

it was all ok until i got in a very dark mental state which happens from time to time, this instance was when my first adult boyfriend called Matthew came back in the picture.
i liked Matthew a lot, i was 14 and he was 24 when we met. he broke me lots.

so, i broke up with my daddy boyfriend, the 38 year old divorced man with a daughter my age and i explained everything to him. he was very understanding but he would try to get me to talk to him often and he would always send me messages. after a few days [he blocked me](https://imgur.com/a/MzdnoKm) on Reddit and he deleted his Discord account. i have since lost our reddit messages because my account got a 2 day suspension for talking about this and all of my messages on Reddit got deleted. but i wouldn't report him anyway.

i cant tell anyone and even if i got the courage i wouldnt. im simply sharing to get it off my chest, thank you for listening. im aware it might get a lot of people upset and mad at me and im awaiting for downvotes. im happy its finally out of my system at least for a little bit.