My 5 minute journey to “The Basement” One night, I decided to get grab a bite of ice cream in order to fulfill my sugary desire. I crept through the creaky halls and down the stairs worried I might disturb the slumber of the two beasts, my parents. I carefully walked through to the kitchen, though more calm as I was farther from the threat at hand. I searched the pantry for my trusty spoon and went to the freezer to snatch up some ice cream but . . . IT WAS MISSING. “Nani?!?!? Where could it be?!?!” I thought to myself, panicking at the thought that I made a trip all for nothing but then it hit me. I knew where it was.
 
I had to travel yet another flight of stairs, each step venturing further into the abyss known as “The Basement”. Da da da(dramatic music). To protect myself from the terrors creeping within the shadows, I flicked on every nearby light switch until I reached the garage door. I opened it to find an empty, dark room with a car, some others typical garage supplies, and ofc, “The Fridge”. I opened the freezer door to find my prized possession, the 1 gallon ice cream tub. I needed to ensure no one would notice the difference in the amount of ice cream so I was only able to take a few savory bites of heaven. 

I could feel a slight presence watching, waiting for me to lower my guard in the deep, dark basement. Immediately, I put everything away and rushed upstairs making sure to leave no evidence of my crime. Nothing mattered anymore, not the noises, not my parents, not the large dent in the amount of ice cream I ate. I would not rest not until I made to my comfortable bedsheets safe from the creatures dwelling in the depths of the basement.

Was this worth a few bites of ice cream?
100% yes

To the few people who actually bothered to read this, please don’t judge too hard. I came up with this in a short period of time, I’m not a very good writer, and my grammar is probably messed up too. The idea just seemed like a cool concept and I decided to put it into words.