My mom physically and mentally abuses me, then proceeds to make fun of my mental problems. What do I do?! Legit, she found my stash of candy and dishes in my room last night, because she came in UNANNOUNCED, then the bitch proceeds to chew me out, which is understandable, but what is NOT understandable is why she makes fun of my mental problems. But I need to start in the beginning.

Almost a week ago I was not thinking straight, and I obviously was nit in the right mind, because I pulled some of the hair out from behind my cats ears. Almost a Quarter USD coin size, but still noticeable. I then was in my room when dad found out, and he understandibly yelled at me. Then, when we had a ‘talk’ (which was more like a police room interrogation), he called me an animal abuser. I do not understand how, at least I didn’t until I found out why dogs and cats have fur. Then mom came home and chewed me out. She asked me why I did it, and I gave the same, Truthful, answer i gave dad. “I wanted to see a change I can make. There is so much going on that I cannot do anything about, and I wanted to know that I can make a difference.” She then screams at me “IF YOU WANNA SEE A CHANGE, EMPTY THE DISHWASHER! THATS A CHANGE!” Now, she says that for EVERY chore. Wants me to vacuum? Make a CHANGE by vacuuming. Wants me to clean the bathroom? Make a CHANGE by wiping down the sink and toilet. She makes fun of my mental problems, somehow expecting them to get better. Its like putting a shovel in a hole, digging, and expecting it to fill itself.   


 Then there is yesterday. I lied by saying I went to the dollar store to get a Jar for a project (filling the jar with positive things written on little slips of pape, so when I am down I can try to make myself feel better, in case you were wondering) that was real, but I went up there, and could not find the right size jar. So, I got myself some Recees Pieces and a Soda, not expecting them to ask about it. Come that night, I am downstairs prepping for school and mom asks if i have money for lunch. I say no, truthfully, and she asks why. I say because yesterday i went too the pet store and dollar store and today i went to the dollar store for a jar. Dad then asks if i can bring the jar down, and I definitely should‘ve just come clean then, but i was acting on an impulse of fear, so i said sure. I go upstairs, and get a jar i had bugs for my reptiles in, and went to the bathroom to clean it out. Dad then comes up, and BARGES IN ON ME TAKING A PEE, and grabs the jar. Then he finds out it was not a jar from the store, and, still acting on impulse of fear he would hit me, i lied and said it was, that there were just jelly beans in it. After much more yelling the truth fianally came out, and he threw the jar at me and mom came up. Them she goes through MY STUFF till she opens the cabinet under my bet to find dishes,candy boxes, towels, and a pepsi. Now , idk where the towels were from, but i used the dishes. She also found toilet paper, and she jumped to conclusions saying i usedit to... cure my impulses if you know what i mean. I did not though. I like drawing, and i used it for blending in pencil when shading. She is disgusted and throws the thing at me, full force, and then makes me get away from her. Dad then chews me out because he does not want me to be fat. Well, guess what Father? Maybe if you did not add more stress to me by not only threatening me physically, but also by taking my shit away, maybe i would not be stress eating from all the stress you are adding on top of my everyday stress like school. Then I go downstairs to do the dishes, and they talk to ‘each other’ about their eating disorder. Then they talk to me, calling me a friggin GLUTTON, Fat, and just straight up bullying me. They abuse me and make fun of me for crying after the abuse. If i had a nickel for every time ive thought about running away or hurting myself because of them, i would be richer than Scrooge McDuck in Ducktales. How the hell do I get them to stop making fun of my mental problems, especially by saying things like i should be in the mental hospital?