My Uncle is a developer of Cyberpunk 2077, and sent out a limited-time package to me, but I'm not allowed to play the game. TL:DR at bottom. 

For some context, I'd be considered one of the many younger ones on this subreddit. I'm 13, going on 14. My Uncle has been an employee for CD Projekt Red for quite some time, too. Once the game was announced, he'd told me as much as he was allowed to at the time, and I'd always want to know more. The hype around the game was/is insane, and I was only more exited about it, because my Uncle had been working on it. 

At the games launch, I knew I wouldn't get it right off the bat. I was okay with that, though. I've never been one too eager to always get X thing first. I never really thought about it, but always figured that I'd be able to play it soon. 

Eventually, I got a a sweater/fall jacket thing that resembles that of the main character of the game. Although not a 100% accurate hoodie, it was (and is!) really damn cool. It even has some of the Easter eggs from the game on it, too. If my memory serves me, there was only so many made, and of course it was limited edition. 

Then came today. Each developer is sent one of the "care-packages" for making their game. (This time the public can buy it, and I don't think it's limited edition.) Being the great guy my Uncle is, instead of keeping it for himself, he gave it to me, and my siblings. The package pretty damn cool. There's all sorts of stuff in there, like a map of the in game city, a figure, and other things I won't waste your time with. Eventually we face-time him, talking about how cool it is. But then comes up the topic about my age, and the maturity of the game.

In a nutshell, I can't play the game. Even though I've seen just about everything there is to the world (ifyaknowwhatimean,) they don't think I should be playing Cyberpunk. I'm rather unsure about how to feel about this. On one hand, they are totally right. In theory, I am way too young to be playing. But then again, I play COD, R6S, Rust, ect. With that logic, I'm allowed to essentially commit war crimes in game, but I can't see a naked body, which is as old as 5 fingers on our hand. Like, I know what it took make me, and every other human being, so I don't really see what's wrong with the occasional sight  every here and there, especially if the game is fiction. Don't get me wrong, I'm not mad at my family for their decision, but it still kinda sucks.

TL:DR I got really hyped for Cybrepunk2077, got sent a package with game related stuff, but currently am not allowed to play the game, because I'm too young. One part of me thinks it's nice to see them looking out for me, but another part of me wants to play the game.

I know this is a very 1st world problem, but maybe this story interested someone out there. As always, stay safe :)