A small update from my previous post. 11/9/2020

So, I posted this on reddit, and someone commented on it that I am way past the point where it is ok to ask for help, but am I? That’s one thing that has always bugged me about myself, I never know when to shut up, but I also never know when to ask for help. I might just reason with myself and that’s why I don’t ask for help about stuff. I often say to myself that my life could be worse, everything could be worse, someone else has it harder than me, they are going through more pain than I will ever endure. But by thinking about that, I think about people that I have never met, never knew existed if they did, and that because they have it worse, means that I’m fine, just deal with it. But I feel like I need to think more local, but what my parents have taught me, I don’t know if I can, I don’t know if I ever will. I always think about someone who has it worse, my parents drill into me that I am very lucky, and I am, but I don’t know how lucky, I don’t know what everyone else’s life is like, they tell me that a lot too, they often say that you don’t know what their home life is like, and what they have gone through, and that has stuck with me, but it takes me over when I contemplate telling someone about my pain. If I thought more local, and based when I thought a good time to get help was, off of what I know for sure, what other peoples life have been like this year, I should have gotten at least a little a few months ago. I question my masculinity though sometimes when I think about getting help, my dad doesn’t want me to grow up to be a pussy, I don’t want that either, so by holding everything in, it makes me feel strong, because on the outside, I’m a 15 year old that weighs about 180 and has a little bit of a belly. So I’m not very physically appealing, so by holding all that in, I find that I’m mentally stronger. I like the feeling that I’m mentally strong. I honestly should have gotten help a long time ago, but as you know, my go to person sucks at responding.