How do you feel about being called terms of endearment by adults? Being called dear, hun, sweetie, bud, buddy, kiddo etc. has really gotten on my nerves ever since I was 13. My schpiel describing it is below so if you don’t want to read all of it you can answer the question without reading it.

It’s gotten to the point where it feels like an attack on me. It’s my #1 anxiety trigger and I have generalized anxiety disorder. I feel like everyone has an innate desire to put other people down to put themselves above everyone else and turns of endearment are the main way to do it subtly.

It makes sense to call a 4 year old those things but someone who can drink in most and smoke weed in some countries in a few months — no. I’m basically an adult. I talked to my parents about it and they said my perception was way off and that people who call other people the things I listed above are rarely trying to put the person down.

I turn 18 in a few weeks so it makes 0 sense why someone would call me those things. What’s really annoying is sometimes the people calling me all that aren’t much older than me. Like last night at dinner I ordered a pizza and when the server gave it to me she went, “there’s the pizza hun”. 

My immediate thought was, ‘what an asshole. She uses the fact that she’s slightly older than me, and that I’m relying on a service from her for my basic needs, which is almost a source of shame for me because I don’t like relying on other people, and I’m making her do work so she thinks that because of all that she has a right to be condescending to hurt me mentally?’. 

She didn’t look much older than me, either. I’m about to turn 18 soon and my guess for her age was 18, but my parents thought she was more like 25. It was hard to tell since she had her mask on. By feeding into the emotion, though, I might have guessed lower than I would have otherwise to provoke stronger emotions. 

I broke down crying at the restaurant later at the thought that I’m tired of feeling like everyone’s out to get me and will try to put me down at any opportunity they get and like to see other people in pain, maybe even getting sexual pleasure out of it. That’s one of the reasons I think injury and death footage, whether online or in a movie, is so popular: because they make excellent masturbation material. I used to masturbate to real death footage multiple times a week for a year and a half but slowly backed away from it up to now where I just watch stuff like that in movies once, or sometimes still 
Multiple times a week. 

After typing all this I’m thinking I might want to talk to my therapist so I’ll probably do that. But I just felt like putting all my thoughts into words. You can answer the question in the title so I know how some other other teens feel about it.