How do I stand up to my abusive father? My  (17M) father (48M) does a lot of shit in this house. Mental and verbal abuse, physical abuse at times, directed toward my mother. There are times when I've faced the verbal abuse, because he says I "disrespect" him. I do it on purpose, I grow cold and rude to hurtful people. I had a breakdown soon after.  


when my parents fight, it might seem like I dont care because I'm so silent and still doing my work. but deep down, I'm trying to not breakdown. 

I want to stand up. I do not want to get fucked again. I do not want to see him do all kinds of fucking shit to my mother. I want to speak. I want to fight for what is right. I'm tired of running. I'm tired of hiding. I'm tired of crying. I want to open my mouth and speak. The problem is, I have no idea how. I want to stand up in a way that won't disrespect him. But if his ego and pride swallows him up, then so be it. He can call it disrespect. He pays for my tuition fee, and he is bound by a contract/ form, claiming that he will be my financial support all throughout the remaining years of my education, sent and approved by the Ministry of Education.

I have no one to talk about this to. I have friends who support me emotionally, but I never told them about my family issues, since I dont feel comfortable. I find this place safer, so please keep this between you (the reader) and me. 

I'm controlling myself from breaking down, but it might happen later tonight before I go to bed. 

please, any help is appreciated. ive been asking advice for a long time, and some say to call or seek abuse services, but I dont want to. I dont want to get found out that I went to such services. imp also unsure if such services exist where I live. I dont want this anymore.

TL;DR - I need advice how to stand up to my demonic abusive father.  please help me. I dont know what to do anymore. no one to talk to, no idea what to do, exams coming soon. please, I'm begging you.

&amp;#x200B;

I hope the mods dont remove this post. I need help.