Shovels and Ploughs I am unable of sleep. Every night I close my eyes and reach the boundary of consciousness yet awoken by thirst. Every day I study half-awake-half-asleep, my body collapsing whenever it touches a bed, yet failing to sleep. I sneeze when I look up. Everything is a blur if I don't focus on it and I am unable to do even simple maths. I studied for 3 fucking hours and managed to by-heart "1. Khaw thar din nan leh khaw awmsa zauh nan ram ngaw kan vatin kan thiat a.(I forgot the second sentence )" I am tired yet feel an unending urge to move some part of my body at all times, even as I sleep. I carried small chairs around when I walked, before the quarantine. Now all but shovels and ploughs fail to satiate my ADHD. It takes half a minute to do a simple calculation like 7 x 8 as my mind drifts away. All music either irritates me or sends me into a trance, unable to hear anything but the music and whatever I'm looking at. My handwriting has degraded to the point I see my little siblings' work as masterpieces of concentration and style. I can't sit down for more than five minutes. I feel the urge to do anything but what I do at that moment, no matter what. Wounds take months to heal because of my constant picking. Studying fills me with seemingly intensifying boredom. Not studying makes me feel like I'm ignoring my studies for the entrance exam. What happened two days ago? Three? Has my fourteenth birthday happened yet? When trying to sleep, my bones feel soft and my skin seems to melt. What happened an hour ago? Something happened on Discord, but apart from that my memory fails to inform me. Games are either dull and unbearable or too spasmic and difficult. My mental state jumps from fearing for my life and clutching my chest out of terror to utter apathy because my life will end eventually and nothing can be done to stop it. I need to do chores but my eyes barely stay open and my arms move sluggishly. Do I need vitamins, sleep, exercise or food? Have I always had a cold?