Got over my crush and It feels great. So i will add context  for this because is necessary, and sorry for it being long, and i am not native speaker so it will have many grammatical mistakes.

So my family and i moved to the USA from Mexico due to my father work, temporally. After passing to 9th grade this is where stuff begins. In the fall i started hanging out with a group of people in gym class, the thing in that class you mostly chilled out and hangout with your friends, often letting us just sit down and do our own stuff. Out of the group of friends (Let's call them "M" not associated with anything just felt like it) i started to grow some sort of affection or just platonic care for "M". "M" is an interesting, reliable, smart ,  and just a cool person to talk overall. The school year went out and after the winter break, and enjoying highschool i just developed a crush for "M". Suddenly covid enters the chat and the school quarantines, and we kept talking (At this point "M" had shown some interest on me). Well we start talking and share many experiences, and talking the usual stuff friends talk about. Then one day "M" said that they liked me like that, and we kept talking, this would have been fine if "M" didn't told me later that "M" was still in a relationship with their partner, (I knew "M" was in a relationship but when "M" started talking like that, i didn't think it was appropriate of me to ask her about her romantic life, and i assumed why would they talk to me if "M" was in a relationship, so i thought maybe they just split), and "M" wanted to continue on their relationship which is fair, so "M" stopped talking in a romantic tone. At this point I started growing some anxious stuff in my mind due to those experiences, and thinking that the only reason they started talking me like that is because (More context, my family signed a 2 year contract but then got another year, and at the time we started talking i thought we were going back during summer) they knew about that and just wanted to have fun with no consequences after and they were just being bored, not saying this is what they thought but what i felt, i grew to hate myself due to being a part on something like that, and the fact that this was the first time i ever felt something like that towards someone, and let me tell you it did not felt good nor fun. After sorting out some things i still talked to "M" as a friend, and told her after some time how i felt bad towards his partner for being part of that, and "M" explained other stuff about that, and we sort it out, ( I still felt horrible but  ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯  ). After this the new school year started in online classes, and we still talked normally, yet I felt like "M" started to answer less or just felt they just answered shortly or just quick answers, and I assumed it was due to getting focused on school which i know it was really important and I recommend to y'all to focus in school, but i still felt like it was leading to a dead relationship, so one day I just told them I didn't wanted to keep this friendship and just wished them the best of lucks, and ended the friendship. "M" said that they didn't have harsh feelings towards me and we remained in good terms. After that 2 months of just doing nothing special outside of normal online classes, and one day i decided to for some reason, talk to them back for a reason i don't even know to this day, "M" responded and we kept talking about miscellaneous stuff, and the weeks pass and "M" asks if i still like them like that, which I answered "Yes" and "M" said they also think they like me like that. The thing is I don't know if "M" wanted to be in a romantic relationship due to school or other stuff, so I tell their sister which i had became friends months ago and told her how i feel, and she just told me "M" is not looking a relationship due to personal matters. So after that i felt  relieved about that and even though I still like "M" i don't think it will be just healthy to still have a crush on "M" because it can't happen. 

TLDR; Title

I tried to be as ambiguous as possible because my main reddit account is linked to my discord account and they can see it, and also i don't want to specify due to privacy issues they deserve as a person. If you have questions, just ask em, and i will try to answer them. First time to post and also posting something as heavy as this