The Ringing of the Bells what differences the bells within the mind I hide "foretell,"

a bottomless sea penetrated by rays of stained-glass sun, 

from an age-to-age they peel, a cacophony of interwoven brilliant hells spun,  

swells through the deafness of an ear! and the range from knell to knell 

every overlapping tongue inside its brazen ring! a sonic boom weighing a ton, 

swinging like an ox's tail, winding in truce and war, belling----over weddings

over funerals, over churches, over noon day a the sQuare! the thing 

it makes into the air, a toss of crystal and seasoning of sound and care, 

belling and belling in all notes together between octave and octave, 

belling in and out of every house, from every thorn to every  eagle's optics--

waves the flag of our union bells belabored like our tea and unslaved 

fresh afeild between us every pebble paved the road to something unpicked, 

what difference in the hands of childhood all these smooth tones like glass pebbles!

every base! every treble! and all trembling clouds gave pass to every 

wingswept peak beyond our literary canons, they shall weep, they shall weep-- 

For as I am as crazy as they come and as deaf and dull and stupid as i keep--

my eyes have seen the colors of these bells rung from the deep, and boy

i tell thee now, thy lust for temporary cheaps shall endure not long or much annoy 

the turbulence of timeless symphony between these our hallowed notes! 

the joy of man dost rise, dost wane, dost wax, dost set -- 

but crazy i, i do not wait for this and that to dry or wet-- the ink of birds

in flight upon a leather breeze taut enough to carry laughter

, where "the bells of freedom ring," and every bell a freedom, 

every bell a king.   .   .  . ah my love, Matthew, these thy pebbles tossed upon thy shore

they aren't toneless anymore, and in blood and all my virtue, 

i shall carry past the door the the cellular memory of man, of machine,

of Capitol, of tacos unarrested, and foolership supreme, and   

of D.C., of every war and every shredded tree.     the bell within my blood

, it haileth thee an answer centuries after your pen set down a line 

on Dover beach and yours my Edward leaning on a purple tree., 

bury me in a bell. For as rung as it was around my finger the song 

of hope, the vibration while it tastes the air it belingers, 

I shall sleep upon the iron strand which no man has woke to stand