A tip for gossip: If you’re friends begin to talk on someone’s name, ALWAYS DEFEND THE SUBJECT OF THE GOSSIP. Unless they, like, assaulted someone or something. The point is, even if you don’t think the person was right, the problem with gossip is that you are creating ideas about this person with others while they are not there to defend their position. So, the respectable thing to do in my opinion, is not to stop them, but to defend the person they’re are talking about. This would be better for the person, and would be respectful and honorable. Stopping the gossip would just be annoying on your part and wouldn’t resolve the conflict. Often, we don’t know what to do during such a conversation, because we don’t want to participate, or to argue with your friends. In this case, here are a few more reasons that this is the stance you should take:

If you do not want to argue with your friends to defend someone that you don’t like, you don’t have to reaaally “argue” with them. It could be like this:
“I’m so ‘*freaking*’ tired of Madame Yvonnette St. Claire III, Esq. posting nothing but her and her man. Like we get it, you like each other. We don’t all need to be reminded of it 24/7.”
You could just say: “I mean, she’s probably just happy and wants to be positive.”
“Well it’s not positive it’s just annoying!!”
“Ah. Yeah, honestly I don’t really like it either. But that just means it’s not for us. I’d just mute her posts.” And don’t say, “I guess I’d maybe mute her posts, idk” be confident and defend the person with conviction. It may be uncomfortable, but remember: 

1. You are not a friend if you don’t keep your friends in check; you are a yesman. To provide opposing opinions is to be a helpful friend, even though agreeing can be helpful when the person is just venting frustration, but not at the expense of another individual who is not present.

2. “Do unto others as you would do unto yourself.” I don’t like to reference this quote, because it is a bit catering to selfishness (if you help others, your main purpose should be to help others, not personal benefit.) Despite this, it applies very well here. If you are my age at the least, (I’m in high school like most of y’all) then you have almost definitely been gossiped about, and it was often negative. It is standard to prefer  that someone was there to defend you, since you could not. Most of the time, you have a reason for your decisions that others don’t know, and if a person tried to guess the reason they might get it right, and leave people with a very different perspective on you, rather than thinking that you just did something bad for no reason.

In conclusion, if it goes to far, just stop. I’m not commanding thee young reader to defend thy victims of gossip till the end of the earth; it’s not a fight till victory or death. I just noticed that it’s hard to do the kind thing while your friends are gossiping, but it’s really as simple as: Just be the person there to defend the subject of gossip. Again, this doesn’t work for world-class criminals, sex offenders, and/or people who spoil D&amp;D campaigns.
The end.