Anyone else realize how messed up Timmy Turner’s life was? Looking back, this is quite possibly the saddest show I’ve ever watched. 

His parents were either gone, or not liking him. I.e. their distrust in him when he says Vicky is rude to him. They also regularly make jokes about how much they dislike having had him. His only teacher quite literally was insane. Not only that, this teacher had a profound disliking for Timmy. He’s also bullied in school, both by his “friends” and the person the show actually identifies as a bully. Lastly, the person who does take care of him most of the time, Vicky, is quite possibly a psychopath. 

It gets to the point where he creates a construct in his mind that he has fairies. These fairies can solve every problem Timmy has, it’s everything Timmy has ever *dreamed* of. Sometimes things get so bad, they take him to another world (that fairy world thing) They quite literally blind him from his dark reality, as they bring him to another dimension, make him a superhero, get rid of his bullies, give him a girlfriend, all the things he could *imagine* they brought to him. 

Did you ever think that maybe the reason he can’t show Cosmo and Wanda to other people, isn’t because they would be taken away, but because they don’t exist? Think about it, his parents, his teacher, everyone constantly gives him weird looks, treats him like he’s lost it, treats him like he’s a “not all there” 5 year old. Maybe the reason the teacher hates fairies so much, isn’t because he just doesn’t like them, but because the “fairies” Timmy is always talking to are the sole reason he doesn’t try in school. 

Toward the end of the show, his parents get him a dog. Now, if you’re the parent to a 13 year old you’re not just going to give them a dog that they need to take care of all on their own. You’d only get them a dog if the child ABSOLUTELY needs it. In Timmy’s case, the dog is likely just a therapy dog, who the parents got for Timmy thinking it could help him return to reality. 

I’m never going to be able to watch another Fairly Oddparents episode again. I tried it earlier, I was literally crying 5 minutes in.