Do you ever get that feeling? I got it worst in the first lockdown. I didnt sleep for days because i thought i should be doing my work. I was immensely late on it and i fell in a massive rut. I started self harm. Ive bever been the best at sleeping but that had an awful affect on me ven now. I usually stay up to around 4am. Ive had to type this multiple times because i find myself writing far far too much.

Ive been stuck with my dad and his outdated beliefs because my antivax mum said ahe never wanted to see me again (im 14). She predictably messaged me about a month after she said that trying to bribe me to come back but i was sick of it and it wasnt the first time she had said that too and kicked me out.

My dad on the other hand is pretty muxh just as worse 'the straight white male is the most opposed race' 'you can get oit of a rut just like that (snaps fingers)' 'anyone on any form of medication is a drug addict. I could go on for hours.

I fell behind on some more work and am returning to school soon. I fell behind ages ago and was trying to catch up but pretty much never did. My dad did not help. *at all*. He eventually broke me and i broke my 8 month self harm clean streak. He and my step mum freaked out at me when i considered emailing my teacher who said 'do not hesitate to email about any worries or questions' to ask how i was doing with work because i was really really worried.

And that's where i am now. About a week ago The teacher responded saying pretty much dont worry about it and its completely fine but i still cant shake the feeling.

I have literally nothing really to complain about. I guess my parents, theres alot there i try not to think about. But i dont know if that's it. And what can i do about that anyway.
Ive sorted things out with my girlfriend, and we are happy. Ive sorted out schoolwork. Ive started exercising more frequently and yet i still feel so uneasy.
Whats wrong with me? Things are going pretty well but i cant shake the weight on me.

This is still really long but I cant even be bothered to shorten it anymore

Does anyone else get that feeling?

Tldr: i mean it is much better explained if you read it but; things are going pretty well in comparison to the past and yet i cant shake the feeling of uneasiness. The weight pulling me down.