Depression rant, Looking for support I was doing good. For a few months, my depression was completely gone. I was genuinely happy, but I've always scared of it coming back. I guess that fear wasn't as irrational as I thought.

The thing is, I have no reason to be depressed. I currently have a good relationship with my sister, with my mom it's not as abusive as it was last year, I have a decent friend group. Good people. And most importantly I'm in love with the most amazing girl and for the past few months my life has basically been revolving around her.

It started small. I lost my appetite a little bit, didn't think much of it. Then it became worse. I started feeling down alot. Bored, empty. Every day felt kinda dull. Then I started losing sleep. I'd stay up till 3,4,5 am because I couldn't sleep due to depressing thoughts and Its 1am and I'm scared to put my phone down because then I'm going to have nothing to distract myself from them. I've completed lost interest in doing things. Playing videogames, instruments, watching my favorite shows and youtubers, going on walks, spending time with my sister, it all seems dull and boring now. Every day is dull and boring and painful and I hate it. At this point I've almost completely lost my appetite. I don't wanna eat anything anymore, and if this time is anything like last time I'll probably start losing weight rapidly sometime soon. 

My girlfriend is the only thing that makes me happy anymore. I am very deeply in love with this woman and we're both in it for the long term. I fucking love her and I care for her, which is one of the reasons I'm so depressed. She hasn't been doing very well lately. She also has depression along with severe anxiety and ptsd. She's diagnosed and is on medication, I am not because my mom doesn't give a shit about me or my mental health and thinks when I'm depressed I'm being lazy and selfish and if that I just "thank god for all I have" and praise her magical fucking sky daddy my life will magically fall right back into place and everything will be perfect because her god is apperently so perfect. god I hate her. It makes me feel shitty, the fact that I'm undiagnosed. Sometimes I get the feeling that I'm subconsciously faking it for attention, even though I rarely talk about it, only to my closest friends, and I would do anything for it to go away. It's something I've been struggling with since I was a little kid. It comes and goes seasonally, for a few months at a time. That's what I'm scared of. That it's only the beginning and that I'm going to spend the next few months like this. Sorry, I got off topic, back to my girlfriend. I found out she caused herself to throw up today. I love her and her body and I really don't want her to be doing this to herself. It pains me so much. I talked to her about it, and I asked her to work on it and promised her that I would be there every step of the way, but she said she can't do that, which pained me so much. I love her, and she's flawless in my eyes, but she doesn't love herself. She's always insecure about herself, no matter how much I tell her otherwise. "I don't wanna facetime right now, I look like shit" "I don't want you to hold my hand, it's too sweaty" "I don't wanna have sex, I haven't shaved" and it's just hard. A few weeks ago she called me crying. She got in a huge fight with her sister and broke a mirror and cut herself with it. It pained me so much to hear that. I've had huge urges to cut myself, including tonight, but I've never gone through it. The other day she was withdrawing from meds, and she was incredibly sick and depressed. She started talking about it for a little bit, but then she started shutting me out, saying she's sorry, she doesn't wanna be a burden, that she's going to hurt me, but the words that really broke my heart were when she said there was nothing I could do to help.

Nobody ever told me love would be so painful. But I'm never leaving her. I love her and I'm willing to put in the work and go through the pain just for our relationship to work and to make her happy, because she has made me feel things I've never felt before and she's the only reason I wake up and get out of bed each morning, so that I can give her a "good morning" text. She's the first thing I think about every morning. I love her.

Drugs. I use drugs to numb the pain. It works. Temporarily. I've been vaping weed and nicotine for quit a while. I know I'm young for it, and it's better I stop, but I'm not going to. Don't waste your time trying to convince me otherwise.

Suicide. I'm not suicidal. Last October I went into my garage and tried to hang myself. All it took was just a kick, not even. The stepladder was a little short, all it needed was a minor accedental slip and I'd be gone. But instead I broke down crying, partially due to a good friend I had in my life at the time. That's when I realized I didn't want suicide. And I still don't. I don't wanna kill myself, I just want it to end. I can't kill myself now. It's too late for that. I have too many people depending on me for support, I can't hurt them. I'm usually the person people go to to vent about mental health, it's kinda emotionally straining. Ironic.

I don't know. I don't know why this is happening right now. My life, materialistically speaking, is at its peak right now. I've never had more friends than I do now, not to mention an amazing girlfriend, and my mom isn't all up in my privacy, taking away my phone and beating and bruising me every night like she used to. I don't know why I feel like this, I should be happy, but it seems physically impossible right now.

God I just want it to stop.