New kid at my school wrote an awesome story for English and bows he’s super popular. So at the beginning of the school year a new kid called Justin came to my school, he was short didn’t have many friends (I didn’t really talk to him that much either because I just couldn’t get the chance) and he wore a fedora (no I’m not kidding, I didn’t really think he knew how cringy people think they are now) 

And recently we had an English competition and assignment where we had to write about something that had affected our lives, it had to be at least 4 pages and it had to be typed up and the assignment was worth a bunch of marks and it would be graded on your writing ability and how much it had actually affected you (think it was to  stop lazy students writing about something simple) 

And for the competition part if you won then you’d get some sort of really good prize, but it wasn’t gonna be easy, it would be chosen out if everybody in your year, and my school is huge and there is about 250 kids in my year alone, so winning this would be a big deal. We would also have a special assembly for the Top 20 of the best ones and we would I miss a bunch of classes just to hear them and if you didn’t feel comfortable reading them out to everybody, then a teacher would read it out for you. 

And the school made it clear that you had to have evidence of the event happening, like if you didn’t, then you would be disqualified from the competition and would have to do it all over again. I wrote about the time I had knocked over a a tea pot on my leg when I was like 8 and had to be rushed to hospital; I had to bring in at least 1 picture to prove it. (I got a 95% and I came 24rd in the competition :D)

Justin write about the time he had gone in a 2 week holiday to japan. I Can’t remember all if it but I’ll shorten it. He basically says that he had went to Tokyo for a 2 week long holiday last summer and that one day when walking by himself in electric town (he said another name for it when he was reading it out and told us that it had two names, I can’t only remember the English one) when he bummed into a Japanese girl around his age called Yuri. He said that she was bilingual and she said that she was really sorry for “hurting him” and asked if he wanted to go to a near by café so she could treat him out to say sorry I guess? 

Well, they hit it off and talked for hours and she even told her where he was staying.

He said that they became friends she would go to where he was staying and they’d go into town to hang out, he says that his family would to touristy stuff some days of the week and he and Yuri would go and do stuff during the night. 

Guru would try and teach him some Japanese and she would show him around Tokyo and that they spent most if their time near Tokyo tower because she really liked it. 

When it was his last of the trip they exchanged their goodbyes and they were both really sad about Justin leaving, he also said the Yuri had decided to write him a letter in Japanese, when he asked her why not write it in English Yuri said “You can find out it’s true meaning when you learn Japanese so you can come back to japan where we can be together again” Which I think is so fucking sweet. And to prove this all happened, he took in a picture of Yuri and the letter she wrote, Justin said that he got curious and ran the letter threw google translated see what it said. The letter said that he will always be her best friend and that Japan along with her was waiting for him to return.

When he finish reading it the entire room was clapping, this was such a cute story and at the end it was revealed that Justin was won and at the end everyone flooded him with questions, most of them were “what’s Japan really like?” I even asked this because I myself have always wanted go there and maybe even move there (I swear I’m not a weeb) 

This was about just a few days ago and now he has a bunch of new friends and I glad he’s doing well! 

But there is a bunch of asshole kids who want to rain on his parade, a bunch of kids don’t believe him and are being asses about it, some are saying saying that there wasn’t enough proof and that he could of taken in a picture of him and Yuri (the pic to took in was just if her) or any other stuff from Japan. Some are tryna find “plot holes” in the story as well, the main “plot hole” being why Yuri didn’t just give him her phone number (which was asked a lot, Justin says that he doesn’t really know why either) 

But I think those kids are just angry they didn’t win. I really hope Justin the best and ok happy to see he has more friends.