I gotta gush a little Disclaimer: all mental illnesses I mention are diagnosed by medical professionals.

A month ago, I got in a relationship with my incredible boyfriend. Let’s call him Beau for his privacy. Now Beau is literally perfect, like he’s several leagues ahead of me. He’s tall, handsome, strong, incredibly smart, and just a sweet angel! On the outside, he’s just mature, shy, calm, and rather cold. But when I got to know him turns out he’s just a lovable, geeky, clumsy, dork! 

He’s just a gentle giant really. He’s so kind to me and endlessly patient! When I first met him, I was in a horrid place. My depression was just taking over me, and I was on the verge of giving up. But, he was so patient and put up with me. He was the person who inspired me to start losing weight and treat myself nicely! 

Sometimes Beau goes on little passionate rants about his games and lore. He sometimes talks about Terraria or Kirby lore and even though sometimes I have no clue what he’s talking about, I love listening! It’s adorable seeing him be passionate and it makes me feel so happy. 

Beau and I often participate in smack talk. We both speak a lot of shit about each other and often participate in banter. It’s a lot of fun and we make sure the other isn’t upset, it’s just playful! I call him a big dummy a lot and once he called me a “deflated horny basketball” and it’s just fun! We also play a lot of games like Uno, Minecraft, ACNH, and smash bros! He usually beats me in games but it’s still fun! In smash ultimate I main Donkey Kong, while he plays Pichu, Isabelle, Hero, and Wolf! It’s just fun being with him! Once we were playing Mario Kart and I accused him of using a game shark. He still brings that up and it kills me every timeeeeeee.

When we began dating, I just felt so loved by him. He spent a lot of time helping me with classes. He goes to a very prestigious charter school and is a grade above me, and even skipped a grade of math! Beau has always been very smart and is always willing to help. Now Beau and I are long distance. We live almost 200 miles apart, and we’re just trying to make this work. And it’s going very well! 

Recently, I’ve gotten in a depressive episode, and I let him know about how I was well, not feeling great. Most of my life, I’ve been ditched by my friends when this happens, so I thought he’d do the same. But, he told me he’d stay by my side and be patient. Beau said he hated seeing me hurting and has been trying so hard to make me feel okay. He does so much for me and all this love and affection is so new to me!

Compared to him, I’m a total loser. I’m short, chubby, acne faced, with rubber bands in my mouth, and I have brown hair and eyes. I’m literally so lucky to have someone like him care about me. Whenever I express my insecurities he says that it’s cute, and how he loves everything about me! I just can’t get over the fact that someone as top tier as him cares about me.

Now, you’re probably wondering. “Mina, what on earth have you done for him?” Well, I try to do a lot of things, but they aren’t nearly as good as what he does for me! I can’t help him much with school (I’m a freshman, he’s a sophomore) but I try and be his emotional support! He had exams this week, and I sent him a few paragraphs over the past week reminding him how I care about him and just giving him words of motivation! I also try and convince him to let me try and do an assignment or two. He overworks himself a lot and I hate seeing him stressed. I also try to be a shoulder for him to cry on and just I try to be there for him! I wanna be as good as a girlfriend I can!

I’m just in awe that someone like me found someone as just stunning as him. We both come from very different backgrounds (He’s a pure city boy, meanwhile I rarely leave my small town. He comes from a bilingual household and had parents split up when he was young, while I come from a white household with parents still together) and even though our backgrounds are very different, we relate on a lot of things. I can talk to him about things I’ve never been able to talk to other people about! We have had a surprising amount of similar experiences, so we have each other’s back! 

We talk a lot, and we enjoy fantasizing about a post covid world. Some people are against couples dreaming about a future together but thinking about a happy future in a post-covid world makes us happy. We have similar things we want in life and I just feel like we’ll be together for a long time! I hope that isn’t dumb and hopeful but it’s just how I feel. I just love him to death and wanna see him succeed!