I was scammed in my dream (Story time) I just woke up btw.  I did all my school work in the morning and after I finished I just knocked out.  

So anyways, one part of this dream has a reoccurring plot in my other dreams, where it looks like I was in Dubai with my younger sister and going inside a helicopter back home.  I think we were at a party or something that looked like it.  It was nighttime and the lights were very pretty.  We walked to the helicopter and it looked really nice, like an all white looking lambo helicopter.  But the inside had trash everywhere like crumbs and snack packets on the floor.  So anyways, we walked up to the helicopter, there were like 4 steps up to the landing circle where helicopters land and the pilot guy opened the door, we got in.  

I sat down behind the pilot and my sister sat on the right.  It was either here or 2 other places I got scammed.  I picked up what seems like my mom’s iPad, someone was calling, this phone number looked identical to the call I get on my own phone.  For some reason, I answered it?  I answered “hello” an and Asian women was speaking, she sounded Indonesian or Thai.  The women sounded very direct reading off a script. She spoke for like 5 seconds and hanged up.  This is where the scammed happened and from what I vividly remember, a message popped up on the iPad or in real life that my “Identity has been stolen!” It looked like it was a huge virtual reality sign and with futuristic security breaching or power shutting off sound effects.  All of a sudden I was teleported to my mom’s car where my sister and dad was?  It was either here I got scammed or back at home.  It was sunny and very orange, like VERY orange, a summer vibe. But I freaked out and felt like someone was going to hunt me down or just keep an eye on me at all times.  

So I’m at home and I guess I got things.  Went back out to the car with my dad and sister.  Then I’m just sitting in the back all freaked out still holding my mom’s iPad.  I asked my dad about the situation which he looked like he knew I was scammed?  So I probably got scammed in the car driving back home or at home since he knew.  He just said something along the lines, “Yeah that’s crazy” with his worried/surprised face which is his most genuine look trust me.   Then the dream ended there?

This doesn’t look scary writing and saying it out, but I remember just it being bizarre and freaky like I was out of place in a different world.  Obviously because of the helicopter and in Dubai which is very rich but besides that, the vibe was like a Hitman was out to get me.