My attempt at prose  A slow computer. Shit Internet that crashes every 10 seconds. Isolation. Always the same 3 people. Nobody else but words on a screen and voices through headphones. He’s in pain. He can’t tell his family because he doesn’t know when he can leave. If he tells them, he may not hear the end of it for decades. He can’t tell his friends because he can’t see them. They’re just voices and words; he’s long since forgotten their faces. In the past he’s turned to video games for a release. His Internet has put an end to that, just like it’s put an end to itself. He’d try social media, but it’s no longer possible. He’s lost his therapy. He can’t talk to anybody. He is slowly spiralling into depression, into the end of his life. He doesn’t mind. He’s going to die regardless; 2020 has shown no mercy. He doubts that the world will make it past September. He feels a tinge of regret: regret for what he never did. He loved a girl and never told her. He never took his exams, never went to university, never made a future for himself. He wanted to see the world. He never had the chance. He is just another face in the crowd, another name on the list. Nobody but those few who knew him will mourn. Even they will stop after a week. The worst pain in life is the utter futility of it all. In the end, nobody makes a significant impact on everything. People remember Edison; people don’t remember Tesla.

His proofing is acting up: it tells him there are errors yet claims that everything is ok when asked. It’s normal: spellcheckers and Autocorrect never work how they’re supposed to. It’s one of the Laws of Nature. It doesn’t matter; it has no impact on him. It requests a few seconds of his time. He obliges. He wasn’t using them anyway. 

Everything ends. Even his pain. He feels it now. In a few days, it will be gone. If the pain controlled him and not vice versa, he’d be long gone by now. It’s not his first time in pain. It won’t be his last. He was beaten up biweekly at school, for the crime of being different. Neurodiversity isn’t a choice: it’s a burden. He bears it proudly.