Just a little rant nothing to see here I love Oblivion it was the first game I wanted to know absolutely everything about. One summer day 3 years ago I was playing it when my dad came up to my room and started messing with my xbox. The disc(which was still spinning in the console) fell out of line and got stuck in the console. He was able to get it out but I couldn't play it for two years. A year later I started playing Skyrim but eventually started getting bored of how easy everything was to figure out in it. I missed the Mysteries Oblivion had and how you actually had to work hard to get special quests. So I was able to do enough yard work so I could get Oblivion again. Almost threw out my back a few times but now I had it. I immediately went through all my saved data for everything and cleared any old things. I downloaded the knights of the nine and shivering isles dlc's. For a few months I only played Oblivion. Never using any exploits just going out adventuring. I realized I had a lot of gold so I bought and fully furnished every house in the game. I was Sheogorath, The Divine Crusader, Listener, Gray fox, everything. I took the disc out cleaned it and put it on it's case next to my console to check out fallout 3. After a week of playing fallout 3 I switched it to c.o.d. bo 2 to play with my mums boyfriends son. I left my room for a bit to help my mum with something. I come back to my room to see him killing everyone in Tenpenny Tower on fallout 3 along with all my disc cases everywhere. I told him to get out and fixed all my cases when saw Oblivion had been taken out of it's case. I put it back in and put it away along with fallout and c.o.d. in their cases. I began playing Skyrim again when last night I went to play Oblivion again when I saw weird white dots all over it. I tried cleaning it but it didn't work. So I checked fallout and it was absolutely covered in these white spots. I tried cleaning them and when I checked them they couldn't be read by the xbox. I'm gonna tell my mum about it and lie about the reason why I'm so mad cause she doesn't understand video games. Sorry for the rant. Congrats anyone who made it this far. I'm surprised you're even seeing this given my horrible grammar