So.........I am going to fail in math &amp;#x200B;

It is the first time I m going to fail in a subject. b4 I used to at least score 70-80% in math but this time I fucked up and it is clear that I am going to fail in math.

you need atleast 50% to pass in each subject. during the exam I examined the paper to 3 pages then the exam started and I didnt look further and thought that it is of only 3 pages and short enough for me. as soon as I completed the last question on 3rd page and turned the page one more page occurred out of nowhere lol. I didnt check the last two pages which had over 15 questions with the most marks and I didnt even checked the marking of questions beforehand.

then I looked at the clock and only 40 minutes were left. all those 15 question + questions I left from first 3 pages all were pending. my hands were trembling and I did as much questions as I can but still over 10 questions were left. that means I lost 30 marks from those leftover questions and almost 10-13 marks are going to be cut if I had done some calculations and questions wrong.

So yeah I AM GOING TO FAIL. but I was satisfied to see that other students in the room were not able to complete the exam paper fully but I doubt if they have left questions as much as I have left.

at this point I am sad and not sad simultaneously. sad bcoz the good reputation I had in teachers' eyes is going to be ruined as they see me one of those good , intelligent and top students in class \[which I never have been in math\] and not sad bcoz I know that I am going to choose a stream where school education dont mean anything so my academic record dont mean anything for the career I choose.

&amp;#x200B;

I told my mom and heard a longgggg lecture from her where she was shouting and all that but my dad was cool. he said  that okay that is fine. these are not the main exams and just held to tell you what your finals will be like and to give you practice b4hand.

Now I dont know how to feel about it. ~~console me please~~