I wrote a story for a deodorant ad I found. The same story can be found in the ad’s comment section. You lock eyes with him. His eyes are brown, your favorite color. You notice that his face is covered in makeup; white face, red lips, purple triangles. He’s a clown! You start breathing heavily as you realize that this is your chance. You can finally have your hot clown bf. You take a deep breath and walk over, he notices you again. You get closer and you realize that something smells strange. You look around to figure out where the smell is coming from. Beside you is a cotton candy stand, on your left is a store with plush toys on display in the window. You look back at the clown, his wet hair is dissolving the white makeup on his forehead. You begin walking toward him again, this time you won’t stop. He smiles at you, this makes you feel more confident. You rush up to him and grab his soft birthday hat. “Wow! The breeze really feels nice without that sauna on my head!” The clown exclaims. You grab his hand and pull him closer to you. “Buy Type A deodorant.” You whisper. He smiles and wraps his arms around you. “I heard it’s non-toxic.” Whispers the clown. You embrace and run your hands down his back. “You’re so right.” You reply. You grab your keys from your pocket and lead the clown to your car. He waits for you to open the door for him. He grabs your hand as you prepare to drive.

You arrive at home with your new clown mate. Quickly, you lead him over to your bedroom. He smiled in surprise when he saw it; a fresh clean bed. He sat down; you go into the bathroom to find it. You open your bathroom medicine cabinet and let your fingers run over the objects. Then you grab one. You back away to admire the collection; all variations of Type A deodorant. The clown opens the door; he gasps as he realizes what he’s seeing. You pin him against the wall; you notice that he has removed his shirt. “Here.” You whisper. The clown takes the small plastic tube. “You smell so bad.” The clown smiles and you two embrace once more.

The end.