Be kind. You have no idea how much people need it.

I was just sitting in my room thinking and I started remembering things. I remembered this video about how an innocent man was stuck in jail for years because of a wrongful conviction and the court never gave him proper justice or compensation because they wanted to keep their money. I remembered reading about how all these people in America have been suffering under Trump. I remembered all the things that happened over the course of the Black Lives Matter movement. I remembered how a baby was found in a garbage bag. I remembered how a guy recorded a video of beating his small dog so much until it was barely breathing. I remembered how I felt seeing so many cuts on my friend's wrist because she couldnt stand how her family treated her.

Then I remembered my own experiences. How my mom used to beat the shit out of me and my brother for every little excuse she could find. How my parents got divorced and made us pick who we loved more. How the other hated us for that. How my sister eventually started beating us the way our mom did. How my dad let it all happen. How cruel and abusive he was. I remember how my teacher knew how horrible my life was and all she said was get over it. I remember how alone in the world I felt and how dead I felt. How badly I wanted to die.

And after remembering all that, I remembered something else. I remembered kindness.

I remembered how my friends in Grade 7 and 8 stood by me and comforted me and told me they would be there for me. I remember how I felt crying as my friend hugged me and said that no matter what, he'd always have my back and that I could always trust him. I remember how alone I felt in highschool and how much I loved the people who reached out to me for making me feel like i mattered. I remembered all those nights my girlfriend stayed up late listening to me vent and telling me what an amazing person I was and why she loved me so much. I remember every hug I ever got and how much it meant to me. I remember not having talked to a friend in 3 years and how it felt to pick up that phone and hear his voice again when he called to ask how I'd been. I remember how my brother and I worked to repair our broken bond and how we ended up to the point where I would rather die than let him get hurt. I remember all the fun shit I ever did and who I did it with.

I remember what kindness felt like. And I'll remember it for the rest of my life.

Be kind. You have no idea how much people need it.