Your FitBit knows if you masturbate. And I guess it's exercise? Ya'll know the Bible says NOTHING against it? (they/them)  ⚠️ (Please don't comment negative stuff. If this is topic you are not comfy with, than you shouldn't  read this. I understand alot of people may think it is dirty, or gross, but it is normal and okay to masturbate. 

The bible also has NOTHING against it. The bible/Lectivus was saying about how a man killed his brothers wife for the sex, and he 'wasted' his stuff, by not giving the dead-brothers-wife a baby. A christian kid at my school told me that, so idk if it's true) ⚠️

And, um, I had to type this bit in, and I can't copy and paste from Google Dictionary but,  

'masturbate'  also apparently means: 

(euphemistic)  {idk what that means, but I think it means 'nice'?}  abuse oneself, practice self-abuse. {maybe not...} 

(informal) play with oneself, toutch oneself.

(formal) practise onanism {not a clue wtf that word means}

(slang) Wank, jerk off, jack off, toss off, {you get the point...}






...
Your heart rate goes up, right? 

So... Fit bit knows when you're masturbating//having sex (ew. no sex. only garlic bread).
You're not taking any steps, and your heart rate goes up, over 60, wich is (aprox) your resting heart beats.

And I was reading a thing, and it says it can go to 120. I got my heart beat a bit lower, though.

I mean- it burns calories either way.
I just burned 100 calores. Having fun. Doing no exercise.
I see this as a win. 
Why the hell wasn't I doing this before? 



The average teenager probably masturbates- idk. I don't like it because genitals YUCKY EHUHH NOO! 
But um.
I'll take a guess at least once every 2 days.

If you did 100 calories, every time you masturbate, and you do it every one or two days, you'd burn an extra 400+ calories, every week.


Obviously people do it differently. Some people more than others. Some people every day. Some people rarely. Some people never. And some people like me who hates their genitals and just... YUCKY!!!

And you'd burn xxx calories every hour, also depending on how long you masturbate for, how many times, and your height//weight.
Your body also burns calories whilst you're doing nothing.


It's basically fun exercise! 


(I kinda got bored and thats how I found the dictionary definitions... and now I'm interested on when it was named. I don't know, I'm tired, but I got ADHD, and It won't let me sleep!!) 


Thanks for reading. 
I'm sorry for my crap spelling.

|-/ stay safe, stay alive, and never hurt yourself ||-//