How my grandparents are neglecting there dog. Ok so let me get this straight. My grandparents (dad’s side) are the definition of baby boomers. They complain that the electricity bill is too high when all they do is watch tv all day and complain when I turn it off when neither of them are watching it. Another gripe I have with them is that they believe everything the daily mail (British Newspaper, extremely problematic look into it yourself) among others.


So you got picture of the type of people they are. 3 years ago they got a dog, large German Shepard and they do not care for her. They have a humongous garden which was their main reason for getting her but they’re multiple reasons why there reasoning for it is flawed.

1: They don’t and won’t take her out 

I can respect that they want me to get involved with her but there expectations are way to high. They expect me to take her out every hour of the day when I am here which is ridiculous because when I’m gone she’ll expect the same from them which she obviously won’t get from them because they’re too busy worshipping Boris. 

2: The Flea Situation 

So they live in a countryside area so they should’ve been prepared to deal with the problem of fleas right? What do you think these people are competent? Attention what’s that? Plus, the cherry on top is that they say it’s her fault, how? And when I confronted them about it they laughed and said it’s nothing yes, anemia is not a problem at all.

3: Improper Training

With a large dog such as a German Shepard you should expect them to be well behaved and obedient? It felt like my dad and I were the only people who trained her when she was a puppy but it was all undone by my grandfather. When he, infrequently took her out on the field her being disobedient and wanting to do her own thing wouldn’t come back and when she eventually did he slapped her. I don’t condone hitting dogs even when they’re being disobedient but what makes this even worse is that she put coming back at getting slapped together and wouldn’t come back basically undoing all those hours of training my dad to waste.

4: Denying her basic needs
 
A dog needs to pee right? Apparently not to these people. She constantly barks at them begging to let out but no when she attempts to ask to be let out she gets a smack and shut it, quite among other synonyms and, going back to point 3, if they trained her properly this wouldn’t be an issue because she could be let out and do it herself. 

Well hopefully you can see why my grandparents are unfit to take care of a large dog such as her but hell after they finally admit to not being able to take care of her they’ll probably give her my great aunt because “she’s stayed there before and is familiar with the place”. 

Anyway that was that feel free to ask any questions in the comments.