I am TIRED of my mom No tl;dr.... Read if you feel like it 

My mom is literally pissing me off to TEARS bro, like she really needs to stop. She thinks that he can just piss on me about everything I do because I never listen, I never do thin right the first time, I always try to do stuff AFTER she told me to do it and it's too late, and I'm always half ass and don't. Do. Shit. If I can't listen to anything you say why bother, huh? Why tell to do he things I obviously don't do right? Something as simple. SIMPLE. Of not shaking the mats when I sweep the kitchen. Boom. I do shit half ass. She told me she vaccumed earlier today, which she did and there was a bunch of shit still not swept up, meaning I didn't do it right yesterday. But with you logic, why tf so I swipe the SAME DAY you "vaccumed" the kitchen and there are still a bunch of stuff that a supposibly didn't get? Something as SIMPLE as not saying excuse when putting the mats back in from of the sink where you were standing, just because I was fine with waiting he few second for you do do what you needed to do, you get mad! How? Why? "Just say excuse me." I was fine with waiting. "Just Say Excuse Me." Yes ma'am. "SAY IT" Excuse me! WHY TF WAS THAT SUCH A BIG THING TO BE PISSED ABOUT. I am tired. Tired of you abusing your status as a parent, not even by blood, and getting made and everything you do "wrong." But the times I get something right, you don't gaf. "Oh that's nice" "Good job" "Oh okay." You know what? I hope my dad divorces your stank behind this year so we can finally be happy. You dont deserver either of us and what we try to do for you. EVERY SINGLE DAY. "Mama, you good?" "Do you need anything?" "You okay?" Every time I see you I hug you just to remind you I love you, and I can feel that you don't love me that same amount. You need a reality check. You are not queen bee. And you might regret how you treat me now, because when I leave in three more years, I just might forget about you. Visit you twice a year, while I go on vacations with my abd and my sister who you barely care about. See how that feels when everyone in your life deserts you.