Well this worked out well So, my dad is building me a pc. He researched the parts for it for months (I found the case) and yesterday he ordered the parts to pick up from the micro center. While we were there, before we picked up the parts for the pc, we decided to look around and look at monitors even though I had one picked out (a $300 AOC) I found one that was in the budget (the deal was that my parents would pay for the pc and I would pay for the rest. Monitor, keyboard, mouse, etc.) and looked better than the one I was going to get. This monitor was an ASUS VG248QE. It looked nice, was 27”, and 144 hz. We decided to buy it, and asked an employee if it was in stock. It wasn’t. That sucked, but we looked around the store some more, and I found the exact keyboard and mouse that I was going to order on amazon (red dragon). I bought those. Later that day, we went to Best Buy to return some earbuds that my dad didn’t like, and while we were there we decided to look for a mouse pad. Surprisingly there wasn’t one, so I looked online later that night. I found one for $10, and sent the link to my dad. He said that we could only pick it up at a Best but in cherry hill (I live in philly) but we decided to get it because it’s not that long of a drive. While we were at the best buy in cherry hill, we decided to look for the monitor we ordered and just cancel the order if they had it here. They had the monitor on display, but non in stock. We got the mouse pad and went in the car. We looked up on Best Buy’s website to see if there were any stores that had the monitor (since I wouldn’t get the monitor till Thursday). There was an open box monitor that was in excellent condition in mays landing, which is a 45 minute drive from cherry hill. That took us a while to get to, but we got there. When we picked up the monitor, my dad asked the guy helping us why he couldn’t cancel the order. The guy gave some bullshit reason which was even though it wasn’t shipped out of the wear house yet, it was in a delivery box and marked as shipped. I don’t blame the guy working there, I just think it’s stupid, but I digress. The guy said that we could return the monitor as soon as it came in for a full refund. During the car ride home, I came up with a great idea. When the new monitor comes, I’ll swap out the new monitor  wit the open box one, and give the open box one to Best Buy in the box of the new one and keep the new one. I told my dad and he approved, so on Thursday I get a new monitor without having to wait to use my pc.