Why the diggity dog shit did I take the time to write this You wake up. You are already an hour behind schedule. You hop up and tear on a hoodie. You put in your earbuds and listen to some music to wake yourself up. You skip breakfast to get to school faster. You are running for school when you realize you forgot your mask. You spend a minute in your own dilemma of getting to school and risk trying to enter without a mask, or running back home for the mask. You decide to run home for the mask. By the time you get there, you grab your mask, then started running, but then halfway there you realize the hoodie is way to small for you and it looked and felt like you were being strangled. You try to ignore that, but it keeps getting worse and worse. By the time you get to school, the doors are locked, and you have to wait there for another few minutes until someone opens it for you. You have a presentation today, but you forgot your script and notes, so you have to do it off memory. Halfway through the presentation you get an erection and try to speed things up as though no one notices. You are too late and are mocked by your crush. Later in the day you are taking notes and listening to your music when your earbuds disconnect and your music is blared in front of everyone. Everyone in the class unrelentingly bullies you for your "gay" taste in music, and the teacher looks at you the entire day with a look that says "they should put that kid in a mental institute". By the end of the day you have acquired a severe case of spontaneous depression, exceeding that of any known case. When walking home and crying (blood), you get hit by an idiot in a car and experience the worst pain in your life. The hospital is all out of pain killer so you have to go another two days with the pain. Then your crush, while on a date with the school's biggest slut, "accidentally" sets the hospital aflame and you burn to a crisp, limp and helpless. You then wake up and realize it was all a dream, but thanks to a rare disorder you have, the pain of the dream was all very real and more painful then in real life