terrible, hilarious, hot, kinda heartwarming? ok so straight up right off the bat, i was sad i wasn’t feeling sexual with my boyfriend. stressful thing but he helps me through it. super nice caring and patient guy :)) we were talking about it when his mom calls us outside to talk. i was on the verge of tears but i knew i had to be present. 

we walked outside and it being 9/11... she starts showing us a beautiful slide show of a good friend she lost on that day. i just couldn’t stop balling. just too many emotions man. 

his mom starts asking questions like “did you know someone who..” and all that, not knowing that i’m really crying over not getting a female boner. i had to run back inside to get away for a min but the poor mother had thought she made me cry so she just kept talking to me and then SHE STARTS CRYING. so my poor boyfriend is surrounded by these two women crying their faces off in his living room, trying to comfort us. 

i explain to her that me crying has nothing to do with her and i apologize for not being able to be more present in her loss. she was really understanding and eventually she left us alone again.

i figured and my boyfriend agreed that how i feel is perfectly fine and we should just make the most of the time that we’re together anyway. everything’s cool as long as i’m comfortable. i still love him and love to make him happy :) i cheered up a bit after some good hugs and oven bake pizza, but the mother was still grieving outside, and my boyfriend and i started getting uhh frisky in the living room. it wasn’t my low libido holding me back this time though, it was the ‘IN THE ARMS OF AN ANGEL’ SONG BLASTING FROM THE PATIO. ON FUCKING LOOP. 

this is getting too long so- the bf and i took a min to be sad about all this, and then we laughed at the terrible timing of it all, and then we loved a bit. i won’t ever forget that day haha

TLDR: was crying over having no sex drive when bf’s mom pulls us outside to grieve with us over a loss. made the mom cry, then everyone chilled, but then mom starts blasting ‘in the arms of an angel’ on loop from the patio while bf and i run bases. :  |