Nothing like starting the day with your grandpa trying to hit your mom... Fuck this, fuck it, I know he is sick, I know he has all sees things that aren't there, I know all the good things he did, but I also know he used to beat his kids even before he became sick, I know the things he did to grandma, how he keeps trying to have control over her after she died.

I literally had represeed the memories of him hitting me with a belt for making noise, I remember my mom and grandma standing between us and him beating them and am I suppose to forgive me because he bought me a plushie? He did good things but the bad things he did are the ones that haven't change, I was so fucking scare of him and we still have to put of with his shit because no one has the heart to leave him anywhere else and none of my uncles has the gut to take care of him.

We were having breakfast and he just entered the room calling my mom a bitch, a whore, telling her she's been sneaking men into our house, that she is trying to kill him, that she's been stealing from him, he tried to hit her, to choke her, and she says it's alright and that he does that because he's sick, as far as I know he's been doing that ever since she was little.

He's always been that way yet am I suppose to ignore that, I'm 17, I shouldn't worry about grandpa trying to harm us, about hidding all sharp objects and a gun from him, about him treathening to kill himself, he's the reason my mother almost killed herself when she was my age and honestly I thought about it multiple times because of him.

I'm just so fucking tired, everyone thinks we are lying, we even showed one of my uncles a video of what he did and he just laughed, I'm tired of faking being alright just to keep up with his reputation of being a good man, am I supposed to lie just because he drove me to school? 

Shit, what does it matter? Those are our bodies, nobody has slept with anyone and if that was the case so what? It doesn't affect him, I'm fucking done, if anything he is the pervert here, I remember how he entered my room when I was little exactly the moment I came out of the bath, yet he had the nerve to call a 9 year old a degenarate for being naked, dude, I was 9 and putting on clothes, he's the one who opens the door while I'm on the bathroom and nobody in this house is allowed to lock anything, he's the one who tried to take a bath with my mom, his own fucking daugther, he's the one making stories about us being around naked men and so, what the hell, I shouldn't be afraid of him watching me as I sleep, I shouldn't be afraid of him entering my room at night and doing something to me, I'm tired of this shit.