Does anyone else feel like any subreddit besides teenagers is really mean? I’ve noticed after being on reddit for maybe two years, every time I post in another subreddit people can be really cruel. I tried posting in ask reddit and my post got trolled to hell and my direct messages filled with some really hateful stuff. 

I tried posting in life pro tips and literally the entire comments were filled with people calling me a bad person, and while I understand their perspective, I just wish they had been willing to be a bit nicer about it. 

Every time I try posting in casual conversations my post just gets removed for “not facilitating conversation” even though I make an effort to include phrases like “can anyone relate to this?” and “does anyone else have a different perspective?” 

I honestly just feel like it’s impossible to interact with the reddit community without having to delete half your posts and avoid opening your direct messages. Maybe that’s just the collateral damage of being a teenage girl on the internet, but I don’t understand why it has to be this way. Everyone always talks about how all other social media is terrible and fake, but literally every other social media I’ve been on has been nicer and more accepting then reddit. Who made up these arbitrary rules- you can’t talk about having an instagram account, use emojis, or frankly do anything without receiving public hate. I find that teenagers is the only subreddit where people will react to your posts without immediately trying to think of what hate comment will hit you the hardest. 

I know the reaction to this post is just going to be “stop using reddit,” and that’s entirely valid, but reddit provides a unique community where you can interact with people that share your specific passions and opinions, and I don’t want to loose that. All of this may be true: I’m just being too sensitive, I need to learn to take a joke, and it’s my fault in the first place because my posts suck. Even if this is all fact, I’m making this post because I know I can’t be the only person who feels alienated by a community they thought they would find acceptance in, and I want those people to know they’re not alone. Thank you to the teenagers subreddit for downvoting my posts to hell only half the time, and I hope the future of reddit is a little more accepting.