I told my friend I loved her.... and she loves me back! We're both over the moon. So in some of my posts here I've mentioned this one friend I have, who is a very sweet and wholesome girl I know. I usually give her the pseudonym Jules when I talk about her here. For years we've had a very close platonic friendship, but I realized a few weeks ago that she and I would be a great couple. Today, I finally pulled the trigger, but not after a mishap. Last week, I sent her a message saying "Hey, we haven't called for a while. It would be nice to hear your voice" and on Saturday we talked. But I got cold feet and didn't bring it up. I regretted it immediately after I hung up. The next day I said that there was something big I wanted to tell her about, but that I chickened out about and didn't bring it up. She said we could talk about it next time that we call and not to worry. We planned to call again next weekend (our schedules have both been packed lately). On Sunday night I told myself that everything would be fine. I have a whole week to get ready.

When I woke up today, I just wanted to tell her and get it over with.... the idea of waiting 6 more days was not fun at all! So I typed up a big message telling her what I felt and what I thought the two of us could have together. I sent it to her on Discord and then sent her a bunch of snaps telling her that I couldn't wait to tell her about that big thing.... check your discord!

Hours later, I get a snapchat video back from her. She told me that the letter I wrote was the sweetest thing anybody had ever done for her. And after a few seconds of just being speechless, she said: "I'm gonna say it.... I kinda like you too."

She asked for a few hours to think about it. Two and a half hours later, she texts me. She says she would love to be my girlfriend. We already have pet names for each other (querido/querida, which means "dearest" or "missed" or "wanted" in spanish depending on how you translate it). We are so excited to take our friendship to the next level. I've told a few of our friends and they are all happy for us too.

Yay!