I have to choose between a friend and a girl So u need a little bit of background for this and there's not an easy way I can TLDR it so I'm sorry about that.

Next year a new highschool in my town opens, for now there's only one where everyone goes to, everyone has the choice to transfer to the "new one" or to stay at the "old one". About 80% of my friends are going to the new one but a friend who I have known for a long time is staying at the old one for sure, he will be pretty much alone if I don't stay there with him.

The new one is very modern, has the benefits of me being the first batch of students to go there and define some of the "culture" for the school, the teachers will be learning the schedules and stuff too so they won't be as strict hopefully, and has lots of my friends who are going to be there. 

Then there's my crush, who is the most amazing person I think I've ever met, I stay up for hours thinking about her and it's been like this for the last 4 years, I lost contact with her because I switched to online school, and somehow I never grabbed her socials or anything (probably because I'm shy and very unsocial), I have no way to talk to her. If I could talk to her one more time I'd ask her out but I can't do that, I have to decide if I'm transferring or not by Tuesday and I'm not sure which school she's going to, or if she likes me back.

I know that this girl is a great person and would make the best friend I could ask for, I've made dating mistakes in the past and I've learned from them so I know I'm not making mistakes if I were to date her. There's so many factors here and if I had just asked her out the last time I saw her, it would make everything so much easier, but I didn't, I've never regretted anything so much in my entire life, I just want to see her one more time. Also, it's more likely that my crush is going to the new high school.

I would appreciate if anybody with relationship experience could help me out a little.

Some of the scenarios that I have played out in my head:

1. I go to the new high school, it turns out she's not there and that I left both if my closest friends behind.

2. I go to the new high school, she doesn't like me back. Lost 2 amazing friends

3: I stay at the old school, I keep my old friend, but my crush isn't there and I have to go at the very least a year without seeing her, which I don't think I can do considering it's been 2 months since I've seen her and I'm already going insane.

4: I stay at the old school, my old friend is there and my crush is there, but I miss out on all the benefits of the new school.


;TLDR; everything is pretty much out of my control and I just have to pray that things work out for the better.


Sorry about all spelling mistakes, it's 3 am as I'm writing this and in too tired to check for errors. I also apologize if it's hard to understand what's going on, it's hard to explain everything without telling to much personal information or over complicating things. I'm really sorry this is more of a rant then anything I'm so sorry. This whole post is a mess there's just so much stuff on my mind