so sad i am so sad. my mom cheated on my dad. but before that, yesterday me and my mom had a fight. a yelling one. i am so sad. she just kept going. my nom is very toxic. but I love her. she’s my mom. after we were done (during this she was saying shit about how I am such a rude child a bad child a lazy child and then she was going to hit me) my dad stepped in Because she was going to hit me. he said he didn’t care if he was going to jail, that if she were to hit me he would stop it. and then she stopped looked at me and said “well fine. you can have him.” after that she left. she took her things and left. i am such a bad person. if I didn’t fight with her she wouldn’t have left, and my dad wouldn’t be sad. and we could of stayed the same. then my mom sent my dad her location for the first time. a couple days ago my dad sat on the floor and prayed for the third time in his life to give him a sign that my mom was cheating on him with someone else he told me. her sending him location was the sign I guess. my dad kinda assumed she was cheating, cause it’s 5:20 am and the fight happened at like 4 pm yesterday, and she still hasn’t come home. and the location was one where we didn’t know about. and she’s petty like that. idk. they’ve been married for 16 years, ever since i was born. they’ve had their ups and downs, my mom used to kick him out for being useless she said, when all he did was not listen to her and do what she said at that moment, but that was when I was very little. my mom wants everything done her way. everything has to be done the way she said it and right when she said it. she’s very controlling. one of my brothers left because of her years years ago. she was so controlling over his money. So he left. I haven’t spoken to him in years I miss him. but I haven’t spoke to him because of my mom. now one of my other brothers wants to move out because of her, because of how controlling she is. but if she leaves us then what are we gonna do,,,? my younger brothers freshly turned 14, my dad doesn’t have a job right now, my elder brothers work yes but I would like them to save money, and my sister lives on her own and I really don’t wanna hassle her. i am just so sad. i thought my parents were good. I thought they had a break!!! but then this happens. i didjt ask my dad to step in when she was going to hit me, I didjt ask for him to help me I didn’t ask for him to talk to her in my defense. but he did. because he said he love us. which broke my heart. this is all my fault. we fought over my school and my grades. and how I apparently sleep all day and barely leave my room. I dont sleep all day, I just have trouble falling asleep at night cause I have insomnia I don’t know what she thought. i barely leave my room because of her. because she would just harass me whenever I left my room. I was so sad to hear that my dad thinks my mom cheated on him after they’ve been together for like 20 years :( is it common for couples to go for this long?? and to not have any problems?? idk. if only we could of made my mom happy maybe she wouldn’t have left us. my dad is singing and it hurts. he’s so sad. he’s so sad she cheated on him. I am so sad to see that. and to hear that. I already saw him cry and I broke down. I hâte m’y mom. but I also don’t hate her. I hope she’s happy I guess, with that other dude she’s staying with. I wonder if he has kids cause of how old she is. I wonder if those kids like her and wonder if those kids will listen to her every day and follow her orders directly and let her control them. I hope they learn to see the mom I had. but my mom was nice to me:(( she texted me!! she talked to me!! she bought me things!! she caught me a creeper hoodie cause i really like mc for my bday which was in December. she gave me a whole meal on my bday!! she let me make chicken noodle soup a lot (which is my favorite food) :(( She talked to me. i understand that between my parents, one needed to be the bad cop but. idk my head hurts really bad after I cried all night. I only slept three hours. I haven’t eaten though so maybe that’s why I feel like I’m dying. idk a thanks for letting me vent