The Real Double Standard Don’t get me wrong, I love this sub. I’m definitely much more of a passive observer than an active participant, but there’s so many great posts, stories, and like minded people on here, that I can’t help but come back to it every time I leave. 
Recently, however, I have noticed a very nefarious trend. Men’s issues are often put on full display, and are 9/10, are given the full attention, understanding, and respect they deserve. Girl’s issues... not so much.
Today I saw a post that briefly touched upon the double standard that is applied to men vs women I’m society. So I’d thought I’d touch upon that, and, hopefully, can help some dudes understand where I’m coming from.

1. 1 out of every 6 women will be raped in her lifetime. 1 out of every 33 men will be raped in his lifetime.

2. My girl friends are afraid to walk alone at night, in fear of being raped, assaulted, or kidnapped. My male friends had not even considered this until I brought it up.

3. When a girl is showing too much skin, she is “asking for it”. When a guy walks around without a shirt on, it’s completely natural.

4. Women are expected to be polite, non intrusive, invisible. Men can be bossy, loud, confident, and are applauded for it.

5. A woman is expected to be skinny, fit, beautiful, sexy. We’re held to insanely impossible beauty standards. Men’s standards are often much less restrictive and pervasive. 

6. Women are drastically paid less than men. This is known as the gender wage gap.

7. Women are rated out of 10 like pieces of meat, and are treated like conquests. I have yet to meet a man who has dealt with being treated this way.

8. If a woman sleeps around, she’s a slut. If a man sleeps around, he’s an “alpha”.

9. Women are mocked for liking just about anything. If she’s into anything feminine, she’s a mindless bimbo. If she likes anything masculine, she’s just looking for male validation.

10. Opinionated women are bitches. Opinionated men are deep thinkers.

That’s all I could think of for now. If you have anything to add, don’t hesitate to let know.

And please, above all, be respectful to those around you. You never know what someone might be going through behind the scenes