My dad is apparently stupid... I am sorta mad right now and I need a place to vent. So here we go:

So my dad is a great guy, he really is. But some of the things he thinks just blow my god damn mind. Let's start with the first thing. He is a trump supporter. That's not the problem though, I couldn't care less who you vote for. He was talking on the phone with his buddy in the kitchen, and you know what I overheard? Him saying he thinks that the mail-in ballots were faked and frauded. I told him that that just isn't true and that you should stop being salty that Biden won. He has been really pissed ever since Biden got elected (well, sorta elected). He then asked me to see this video from Trump's attorney. to paraphrase it, She basically said that this company that had faked votes for other countries was doing the same for the left-winged party. I told him not only did that sound like something a conspiracy theorist would say on Facebook, but also that trump probably paid that attorney bank to say that.

Second Thing. So I listen to a lot of rap music. I also watch a lot of rap YouTubers. So my account is also downstairs (Cause I watch youtube in the living room sometimes). The reason I don't care if it is down there is that no one else besides my little sister uses youtube in my house. So apparently there is this documentary only on youtube called the trump card. My dad wanted to watch it, so he uses my account, and what does he see in the recommended? A rap video.

So He is gonna go and get dinner for the family. He tells me that he wants me to come with him because he wants to talk to me about something, When we're in the car, he tells me that he saw my youtube history and found rap videos. He then went on to say how those videos are evil and will brainwash you. I told him that you are crazy if you think that anyone with common sense would rob a house because he heard a rapper say he did it. He then told me I wasn't allowed to watch youtube and that he would be checking my history to make sure I wasn't on it. 

Luckily, I have an alt youtube account that no one knows about. so I just watched youtube on that. so yea, I'm fucking pissed right now.

Tl:Dr: My dad believes the votes were faked, and that rap is evil and will brainwash you to rob a house.