So my ex texted me yesterday. This is mostly a rant. She believes we are friends. She asked to be friends and I said I would be friends, but really, talking to her gets me really worked up emotionally. I made a few posts a while back explaining the whole thing. That would add context, but this is a rant, and I'll do what I want with or without context.

I said we could be friends, but she did say when we broke up that she would get me back. She texted me a youtube video of a guy doing s cover on the ukelele of "Always Look on the Bright Side of Life," and if you like Monty Python, you'll know what that is. She knew I liked that song. 

I got a new phone a while back and never added her number back into my phone, hoping it would help to move on to not be able to see our past conversations. It really did. She said some things to me when I broke up with her that made me realize that she really didn't want what was best for me. I know what is best for me, and it is not to pretend to love a gender I don't. I could have loved her. I would not have been physically attracted to her, but I would have loved her, but she said she needed sex. Too much pressure. I was in that fucking relationship for way too long. Too much stress on me. That was the closest I've ever been to ending it, and I am not. Fucking. Going. Back. 

If she texted me before valentine's day, does that mean that she is trying to get me back? I'm in a happy relationship just trying to move on with my fucking life, and here it is. Things were just going too fucking okay huh? 

I'm not lesbian. I tried to change for her because she always mentioned how much she loved me, but how much she needed sex and how depressed she was. Fuck I thought if I could just fake it, maybe I could truly change for her and be happy, but I couldn't. I know now that no one should change for anyone. 

The thing is, she has sensitive information of mine, and I'm so fucking scared she is going to send it around if I don't play along. What if she blackmails me into getting back together with her? I'm scared. I never should have trusted her or anyone. 

I still haven't replied. Should I? She's away from school but she will come back to school eventually. I can't avoid it forever. I'm scared. This rant is over. No context.