My cat Sammy had to be put down Sammy had been in my life sense I was born in 2006, he have been in our house sense 2003 though. Sammy was a good cat and always used to bring us bunny's and birds, even though he was a little chonky. As he started to get older about 4 years ago he began to eat less and lose weight, we had all thought it was good that he was more fit but about 2 years ago it started to get bad. Sammy began to have nasil issues and lost alot more pounds. That went on for the rest of his life, and as he got older we didn't know how long he was going to hold on for. His nicknames went from Sammy to sambo to handsome to wittle baby then to stinky. He had been doing fine till about last week when me my sister and our parents got back from our trip to lake chelan. My brother and sister had stayed behind to work and watch over and feed him lila(our dog) bubs( our cat) and our fish Darwin and gumball. When we got back he was boney and very fragile. Yesterday on the nineteenth he went missing for the whole day and my sister and her friend searched the whole neighborhood 3 times for him. Around 2 o'clock my sister found him limping to the front door until he couldn't walk and fell over, my whole family stayed at the door with him for an hour just petting him. That night before we all went to bed I prayed to God not to take him from us, but it was his time. My dad had scheduled a appointment for him at 4:30pm, so that day we held him close and pet him because we didn't know if he was going to have to be put down. Throughout the day he would let out meows as if he was in pain. At 4:30 we took him to the vet petting him the whole way there. The veterinarian came out and took him inside to see what was wrong. About 30 minutes later they told us Sammy was in alot of pain and that he only had about 24 to 48 hours left, then they said the best option was to have to put him down. It had been 5 years sense anyone had seen me cry and at this point I didn't care, the veterinarian brought him out for 10 minutes and let us see him one last time before he was gone. The veterinarian took him back in and put him down afew minutes later they brought him back out in a box and we all drove home, the car ride was silent. Once we got back we dug a 3 foot hole and set him down in it and covered his box in rose petals. One we covered him back up we all talked about how he used to get up on the roof and catch birds, or how he used to be so heavy he needed help getting up the stairs. For the rest of the night I tried to act normal, but would let out a few tears when nobody was looking. Sammy was a very big part of my life and even though he smelled like rotten butt he was still a good cat. He was alive for 17 year and had a good life. My parents told us when they had went to get him they told us he hated kids and being outside, but all his life with us he loved sitting in bushes and in dirt, but he always would love to curl up on your lap and get pet.