I Just wanna die My Life is Shit.
Fuck 2020 all of this Just because this fucking year.
At the beginning of this year, it wasnt that Bad, i was a healthy, smart 13 year old. i had friends, my family was healthy, Not falling apart or dying. My school didnt have 4 Tests a day. Life was good.
It started in March, 14th. It was my bday, i got 14, i thought "hey, nice day, finally 14, school Just closed for some 4 weeks", and maybe Other people would remember my Birthday, but Like noone i knew remembered it, only 2 of my best Friends and my family. It isnt even that Bad being Born at the start of a Worldwide lockdown, you could enjoy your Gifts, and i did.
But then, my grandpa got Into surgery, some dass before the lockdown and my Birthday, so we could visit him for untill July. He now cant Walk because noone could get him Into rehab.
So we had to redo his house, and get rid of all the Shit my grandma was bunkering in there. She was crazy, completly lunatic. I think that was when it all started. I started to realize how crazy my family is. Then, my grandpa got the Flu, in Hospital. Not the Virus, Just Influenza. He was so weakend because of the many surgeries He had to Go through in the Last months, so that it alsmost killed him. He was in a fucking Coma. But He survived. He CAME Back Home in July and we had to take Care of him for 3 weeks untill a caregiver came and helped him. OK so ist was smooth sailing untill the 20 Something of August, when my Brother had His comunion (Catholic thing, pretty Big) and my Uncle and my Mom were complete fucking lunatics, in 3 hours, we had to transfer all the Shit for the party to Our Home. Ok His comunion went fine, everything was good, but 3 days later, Wednesday, our 3rd schoolday of the year, my Brother stayed Home, i went to school as usual, when I got Home, my grandma waited for me at my Home, my Mom called me and said it,  my Brother had Diabetes, Hes on the Edge between heaven and earth, almost dead.
..
I cried..
I cried for 3 hours straight.
It was all too much.
Was to much for me to handle. I couldnt enjoy anything anymore.
My hopes for a normal fucking Life were over. Not only did He have Diabetes, but also ADHD, so He was disabled, we had to take that Insulin everywhere, we had to take Care of everything, my Patents are busy all day with him, and on all of that, I couldnt even visit either him or my Mom for 3 weeks.
That fucking killed me.
Now school also fucked everyone with 4 Tests a day, and 3 Essays a week.
My Life is blown.
..
Thanks to the Guys and Gals that read through all of this. It fesls good finally telling someone.
I cant Stress my Patents anymore out, so thank god this sub exists.