Mentally and sometimes physcially abusive dad. I am first going to apologize if this is hard to read out out of order, am in a bad mindset right now.  To start off, I am from North Carolina, and I a am a 15 year old boy.  I live in 2 different houses, my mom and my dads and I switch every other week.

I have had family problems my whole life.  My mom and dad have been divorced for over 10 years.  My dad was pretty physically and mentally abusive to my mom, which lead to the divorce.  My dad and my older brother (now 17, about to turn 18) have had a very bad relationship his whole life too.  My dad used to hit my brother, which he called "spanking" and the cops were involved many times.  He would hit him till he bled, and the cops and fire department came many times.  Sometimes, my brother was lucky enough to get out and run away to my moms house.  My dad would then call the cops, say he is a crazy kid, and they would bring him back to my dads house.  I would sit there and watch all this happen when I was young and I didn't know what to think of it.  My dad portrayed my brother as a bad kid, and to someone I shouldn't look up to.  I then started to realize the shit that was happening is my dad was being abusive to him and it was out of control.  There has been many instances of that happening, to name a few, my dad once sat on my brother while shoving his face into the floor, and made me record it (was around 6-7 at the time).  After, he called the police, and told me not to mention the video to the police.  Once the police got there, they took my brother to the mental hospital (he was there twice).  Another instance was my dad shoving my brothers face into dirty kitty litter, because he didn't scoop it right.  He would lash out his anger on him physically and mentally.  

He would say terrible things, make him feel shit about himself, and make him depressed and suicidal.  After years of the same things happening, it started to stop, and my dad would then take his anger and emotions out on me.  He has been physically and mentally abusive to me my whole life too, just not as physical as he was to my brother.  Recently (3-4 years til now), he has been attacking me a lot more.  For a couple instances, he got hammered drunk, started banging on my door, and when I opened it he shoved me out of the way.  I ran outside and we argued on my front lawn for 15-20 minutes, while I was just trying to leave.  I wanted to go to my moms house, but it was 3am and she was asleep.  

Due to all of this abuse in my life and trauma, I had started recently using substances in the past year.  I was addicted to cough syrup and benadryl for a while, but I thankfully quit because I was becoming very addicted.  I tried a lot of pills, such as xanax, hydrocodone, oxycodone, klonopin, etc. and have many dangerous combos.  

In life right now, I do not know what to do.  There has so much more he has done that I either don't want to mention or don't remember because it was such a quick moment and I have so much going on my mind at that time.  I hate my dad, and I don't even think he loves me.  The other day was my birthday, and he came and got me from my moms high as fuck off weed.  I just wanted to enjoy my birthday and go out to eat with my family, but if he really has to get uncontrollably high for that, its just sad.  I got a $200 check for my birthday from my grandma and grandpa for me to save in my account, and my dad took it.  He didn't give me anything for my birthday either.  I know I may sound greedy, but I just want to feel wanted man.

I really just don't know what to do.  Whenever I stand up to him and tell him the truth, it gets even worse.  I cant be honest with him or conversation with him without him becoming violent towards me.  He has a girlfriend who is a social worker, and she just sits here and watches all this shit happen.  She even adds onto it acting like shes my mom, but I've only known her for a year.  She lives with us and I do everything around the house.  I make dinners every night, clean the house, do all usual chores, etc.  But I do literally everything.  I just want to feel like I'm worth something man.

My mindset is getting worse and worse.  I hate living here.  I don't know how to get out of here.  And once my brothers gone after he turns 18, it will be just me and it will most definitely get worse.  My moms house is a stable house, and I am not mistreated here 24/7. 

Please someone, if you did read this, just give me advice.  I am going down a bad path in life and I need to do something about it.  I can't keep living like this.  All the stress and anxiety that is put on me by him is terrible, and I don't know if I can handle it anymore. 

Sorry again for ranting or what, but I just needed to get this out here because I do not know what to do.