I haz texted gurl So this is somewhat an update to a previous post, link here:
https://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/lhix2b/help_i_need_to_stop_fantasizing/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share

Anyways, you don't want to read the above post, there's a girl in my Latin class who I feel may or may not be giving me signs that she likes me, then again, she may just be trying to be friends.

So, today at lunch, I was sitting alone at lunch because today the people who usually sit with me decided to sit with other people, and being an introvert, I really didn't mind nor want to change that.

So later on, the girl who I've been talking about came to lunch (she was late because she was having a meeting with a teacher.) For some reason a lot of the chairs at the tables had dissapeared, I think people moved them from where they were to sit closer to their friend's. Anyways one of the only chairs left was across from me, and while she could have found another, or moved the chair to sit with her friends, she chose to sit there.

Like I mentioned I'm a big introvert (like a lot of people) so I never really talk that often, especially to girls. We talked for a few minutes, but eventually the conversation dwindled, and she went to go see what her older sister was doing. She came back later because her sister was doing homework and we talked a bit more until the end of lunch. It was probably one of the best experiences I've had in a while, being an introvert.

Oh, and because of our conversation, I finally had an excuse to text her, and we are talking. For me, the problem is not getting someone's number, (we are a small close knit school, so that part is easy) it's finding an excuse to start a private text thread with them without looking wierd or giving them any ideas.

So anyways, I'm starting to think she's trying to have me as just a freind, but you know what, that's alright, if that's the case, I'm fine with that, but I suppose there's always the chance...

If anyone has any advice on what I should do, or if you've been in a situation like this before, I would greatly appreciate it.