Normal conversation Me: reading in my room
Dad: Comes in
Dad: so.  What did ya get on ur biology test yesterday?
Me: I got a 22/25 on that test 
Dad: what the fuck. That’s so fucking low.  What the fuck is ur problem?
Me: I don’t know what my problem is and so I emailed the teacher-
Dad: like what the fuck is ur problem.  You said to me a couple of days ago you understand everything about that topic and you get low of a fucking score?
Me: no I thought I knew everything but it looks like I didn’t and so I emailed the teacher-
Dad: no fucking excuses.  And that’s ur fucking problem. You don’t know your problem. What the fuck is with you?
Me: yeah I don’t know my problem so I asked the teacher if-
Dad- I don’t give a shit.  You told me u knew everything and that you were confident you were going to do good at the test. And what do you do?  You fail the fucking test! Below average even
Me: the class average is-
Dad: I don’t give a fuck what it is it’s low still. I don’t know why you think you know everything
Me: I never said I knew everything
Dad: then why did you say you knew everything a couple of days ago huh?
Me: I said I knew everything about that test and what to do to prepare for it and I did it.
Dad: but you failed the test right?
Me: no I didn’t fail the test, I just-
Dad: don’t you try to be smart with me.  You got questions wrong right?
Me: yes
Dad: so you didn’t know everything did you?
Me: I THOUGHT I did but I guess I didn’t know all there is to the test
Dad: so you lied to me then huh
Me: no
Dad: you said to me you knew everything and now u just admitted you didn’t and so you lied. RIGHT!?!?!!?
Me: I guess...
Dad: now that’s ur fucking problem. You lie and you don’t know your problem. Ur fucking grounded until I see improvement 

A day later

Me: so apparently the questions I got wrong were actually right, the google form test just didn’t accept the answer. So my real grade for the test is 25/25 and not 22/25
Dad: good. So ur grade for that test is now perfect right?
Me: yes. And it wasn’t my fault when it said it was a 22/25 
Dad: what
Me; yeah. It wasn’t my fault that it said it was a 22/25 when we talked yesterday 
Dad: what do you mean it’s not your fault.  
Me: it’s not my fault because the google form test just didn’t accept the answer
Dad: didn’t accept the answer? So you got it wrong?
Me: no, I got it correct bu-
Dad: then why doesn’t it accept the answer?  It doesn’t make any sense you’re not making any sense right now.  
Me: I’m saying the technology fault not my fault. 
Dad: and there you go blaming everything else for your problems
Me: no I was jus-
Dad: that’s another one of your fucking problems. Blaming everybody else. Just once just fucking admit your mistake
Me: it wasn’t my mistake it was the technology that made the mistake
Dad: can you just say I admit I made a mistake
Me: fine. I made a mistake and it’s my fault 
Dad: now that wasn’t so hard was it. Next time, don’t go fucking blaming everything else for your mistakes you fucking understand me?
Me: yes
Dad: good. 


I’m so fucking tired of dealing with this shit like what the fuck are you listening to me


Tldr: I get a 22/25 on a biology test and dads not happy. He says my problems are lying and and not knowing what my problems are even though I emailed the teacher to ask what I got wrong and keeps interrupting me. Turns out it was a google form error and then my dad says I blame everything on something else and never admit to something and makes me say I admit my mistake