"And I know this" - A slam poem by me Now, I'm not a poet, but yesterday I was feeling pissed off at my mom and decided to try my hand at venting my anger by writing this. My bf broke up with me an hour or two after I wrote it, so some of it doesn't apply anymore, but it's mostly still valid. For context, I'm a 14 yo genderfluid person (she/her atm) who up until yesterday was dating a polyamorous person with he/they pronouns.

Constructive feedback would be appreciated! &lt;333

&amp;#x200B;

    She wants what’s best for me
    But she seems to refuse to accept me
    She says she loves me with all her heart
    And I know this
    
    But does her love have to be so oppressive? 
    Her interest in my love life this obsessive?
    
    She says she’ll accept me for whatever I am
    Accept my sexuality
    Accept my gender
    Accept my friends
    And I know this
    But goddamn!
    
    She’s a great mom, always has been
    Spent 14 years of life raising me to be a good man
    Says that won’t change, even if I don’t feel like a man
    And I know this
    
    But when I told her about my pronouns she says she sees me as a guy
    When I told her I’m not straight she says she doesn’t think that I’m a gay
    Who is she to decide who I am and why?
    Who is she to monitor my dress and my love life?
    Who is she to scroll through my phone, yelling at me for looking at pictures of my boyfriend’s thighs?
    
    She’s only trying to protect me
    And I know this
    
    But I don’t WANT her protection
    I don’t NEED her protection
    If her protection comes at cost of my privacy 
    So she can see what I can see
    I’d rather she just pack up her “protection” and leave me be
    So instead of watching my every word I can relax and be carefree
    And she knows this
    
    I’m old enough to make sex jokes with my friends
    I’m old enough for her to stop watching me to no end
    I’m old enough for her rules against dating to bend
    And if she doesn’t give me my space, well, I’m scared our relationship will not mend
    This isn’t what I want, I wish she were still my best friend
    But she refuses to accept who I love and who I am
    And I know this
    
    Ten years in the future I wonder
    How will she feel that she missed my first date?
    That she wasn’t there to help me primp, get me there on time so I wasn’t late?
    Will she be sad that she wasn’t there for my first kiss?
    Wasn’t there to listen to me ramble on about the bliss?
    Maybe she’ll regret she didn’t help me with my first significant other
    That I didn’t feel comfortable telling her I got asked out, though she’s my mother
    I love her despite all this
    But that doesn’t mean she doesn’t make me pissed
    And she knows this
    
    The funny thing is, this isn’t how it should be
    The kid who has gay parents should be more free
    To express and explore their identity
    But instead, I find myself writing this soliloquy
    Not being able to fully be me
    Using my preferred pronouns only around the few friends that are closest to me
    
    So what if my boyfriend’s polyamorous?
    That doesn’t affect us
    So what if I might want to be Olivia instead of Oskar?
    That’s not something she seems to want to discuss
    
    I am genderfluid
    I am queer
    My boyfriend is Polyamorous
    And so what?
    This doesn’t affect her
    And even though I love her
    She refuses to let me be with who I want to be
    She refuses to let me be who I want to be
    She refuses to let me be
    
    I’m sick of it
    And I know this