To people against TikTok hear me out I know TikTok is seen as cringe and creepy, which to be honest it can be and at times is, but there are a lot of positives that come with it. Before I get torched let me explain. I’m a “content creator” on 2 smaller accounts, both under 50k with a popular localized fan base. I don’t do no dancing cringe or whatever. TikTok as a platform has opened up a variety of opportunities for me. I’ve been offered business opportunities, have met amazing people who I consider to be friends now, and it put me in the position to make a positive impact on those in my community which I cared about the most. I know it’s fun and easy to pick on the app, and trust me I do it too, but if this app just gets banned a lot of people are losing something that has changed and is changing their life to an extent. Literally yesterday I talked with a local company and got an ambassador deal that will give me pay per video I post regarding the company and my own sign up code. This company would put more people in my community back to work after their jobs were lost during the start of the Covid-19 shutdown, and would be able to help those during the impending shut down (of at least my state). I don’t mean to white knight TikTok or defend it like a 12 year old but I’m just tryna show some people that despise it that the app has a decent amount of positives for those who use it.

And regarding the app stealing information: the app is sketchy with that I completely agree and that’s why I’m pretty sure they announced that they were moving towards it being a US app (not completely but expanding it to please the government, it’s on TikTok’s TikTok page lol). I’m going to be honest tho, my safety concerns about data being stolen are dead after reading through some articles about US apps and Snowden’s stuff. I know that it’s China the data is going to but the US government in our allies (probably) have my info anyways.

In conclusion: If TikTok gets banned that’s an ouchie to me and others, but it’d still be funny to watch the dancers scramble to YouTube and Twitter.

*sorry if this wasn’t comprehensive, I just woke up*