10 Mario facts you didn't know (unbelievable!) 1. Mario yells "So long gay Bowser!", when he throws Bowser to the pit in Super Mario 64. It is not currently known if Bowser is really gay though. My research team is currently investigating it.
2. Like everyone knows, Mario crushes the question blocks to get coins and other items, but did you know that there is something Mario haven't told you? It was revealed that in Super Mario Bros 1, Bowser turned all toads into blocks, so Mario is actually murdering them.
3. In the 80s, a Mario movie was done, and in the movie it was revealed that Mario's whole name is Mario Mario and Luigi's name is Luigi Mario.
4. Mario doesn't have nipples (Not confirmed, but some sources say this)
5. It is possible that Waluigi is a god like creature, because he has this weird sexiness, that is hard to explain. He somehow pulls everybody towards him. We captured him to do tests and to find out his secret, but somehow the lab workers freed him. The camera's showed them making out with Waluigi, but according to them, they don't remember it.
6. In this donkey Kong game called "Donkey Kong Country", Donkey Kong spends the whole game going through stages and dangerous situations, just because some fat frog creature stole his bananas. 
7. Donkey Kong was supposed to be called "Monkey Kong", but the creator Shigeru Miyamoto wasn't very good in English, so he thought Donkey meant Monkey. He realized his mistake, when it was too late.
8. It is rumoured that Mario is a fish, because he breaths underwater. There is a darker side to this. If it's true, then there is a high possibilty, that one of Mario's relatives has had sex with fishes.
9. Mario is Luigi's Mother. There is also a possibility that Bowser is Mario's and Luigi's mother. How this is possible, is currently unexplained. Recent experiement has shown that Bowser might be Mario's and Luigi's child. 
10. Bowser likely sneezed in the last 30 minutes.

Thank you for reading my 10 interesting facts about Mario! I do online lessons about these facts, so be sure to check and maybe even pay and join. Each time will cost you 500 euro/dollars, because this is some top secret information, coming straight from my lab.

My website,

Noscam.com