Help For Anyone Who Struggles With Addiction Or Mental Health First off I would like to say this is a serious post and would appreciate if you guys didn’t comment jokes or uncalled for/funny comments. 

If anyone needs any help with addiction or mental health I am willing to and happy to help. Just comment below or DM me, whatever you are most comfortable with. 

What qualifies me for this: I am by no means a professional but have been through a lot of things in life that I know what are like. I’ve also been told by lots of people I am very emotionally intelligent, from my therapist to my teachers to my pears and just enjoy helping.

My Story: Growing up my parents were always very strict people that had no lee-way to there parenting style. At the age of 14 I got curious about weed because I saw everyone in high school doing it around me. I started using a couple months into my freshmen year and made the mistake of putting myself in the position to get expelled from school. Unfortunately the school wanted to make an example of me and I didn’t have the support of my parents to back me up. I got a one year expulsion from the school for issues related to weed. After this my father would not let me leave the house for 9 months, I was locked inside with my phone taken away and no communication to the outside world. I was mentally and physically abused for the next 9 months. This caused me to have PTSD and mild depression. Once the 9 months were up I went right back to my old habits of smoking but wasn’t going to make the same mistake to bring it to school anymore. The mental abuse continued for a while while the physical side has stopped since. After this I started to get more and more depressed and my PTSD got worse. I never reached out to anyone about what happened. I started using harder drugs at the age of 15(acid) and at the age of 16 I was using more harder drugs from adderall to MDMA a few times a week. At this age I caught my father with some coke and it made me question my whole life. I felt as if I didn’t know him and never would. This led me to want to know why, why coke. I used coke for the first time at 16 and started using xanax once a month. Xanax made the pain from my depression, anxiety, and PTSD go away but not in the long picture. It got to the point where I was doing coke and xanax nearly everyday. When I was sober I hated my life and didn’t care for myself and was ruining the relationship I had with all my friends. I told my parents about all the drugs I did, which I’m sure they already knew consider I would come home stumbling and slurring my words everyday. This time they didn’t do anything about it. I started using meth at 17 and used it everyday for about 3 months. At this point I knew how shitty my life was and just wanted everything to get better. The only thing I cared about was catching the next high. I sent myself to rehab after a night I should not have survived. I have currently been clean from any hard drugs other than molly and psychedelics for the past 2 months. I use molly to help with my PTSD (once every 3 months), psychedelics (once every 2 months), and still smoke weed everyday as it has personally been a beneficial tool I use for my mental health. I’m not saying it’s ok or justifying it to keep using. I only use because I know I can control it and see when it is effecting me. I am currently on my senior year of high school and was able to pick my grades up since getting clean from all F’s-C’-A’s
 
Feel free to DM or comment asking for help or if you just want to talk. 

Disclaimer: I AM NOT A PROFESSIONAL BY ANY MEANS