What are some memories where you are deeply ashamed of? Hey everyone!

I'm a student filmmaker from Belgium and for an upcoming shortfilm I am looking for some inspiration. 

I remember when I was a teen (especially when I was around 12-14 years old) there were moments that I really felt 'left out' and did not have many friends. Reason of this was going to a highschool in another town and not knowing anybody. I was very insecure but at the same time I had the feeling that starting with a clean slate gave me the oppurtunity to be someone totally new and cool. 

But ofcourse, nobody really fell for that...

 I started realizing that my classmates could be really cruel sometimes and later on I realized that *I* could be cruel too. 

Now that I'm older. Those memories sometimes hit me really hard. I remember myself bulying other people, hoping that the populair kids would find me funny and cool and accept me in their group even though I didn't really like them. 

As a kid I just wanted to be loved and that the other kids would look up to me. But it al spiraled down in a way where I was making *other* kids feel bad because other kids were making *me* feel bad. 

I kind of noticed that as a kid you don't even think about the consequences, your sense of right and wrong is just not as strong as it (hopefully) is when you get older. So in a way, we can't really blame or younger selves. But still I feel ashamed. Ashamed of the things I have done to other people, ashamed of the embarassing situations I have been in because of other people but also myself. 

It's the kind of shame that feels like it grabs my throat and it makes me feel horrible.

But that's the kind of feeling, the emotion that I want to translate in my new shortfilm.

*Long story short: I'm looking for stories from you guys from around the age of 11-14. Maybe a memorie of you doing something where you are now very ashamed of. Or something painful that happened to you by someone else.*

I'm not looking for over the top and sensational bully-stories. I'm more interested in the stories that get under your skin. For example: I had a girl in my class who was very populair. She was very smart in a way that she knew exactly how to get under someones skin and not getting caught by just asking me simple questions that caught me of guard like: 'Why are you wearing that?', 'Who's wearing that smelly deodorant?','What happened to your hair?'...  Those kind of questions made me feel horrible but teachers never took the situation serious because she was just asking questions and they didn't see the harm of it. 

Now I want to make a film about those situations. I hope you guys don't think I'm generalizing. I'm very aware of the fact that every kid, every school and every community is different. I went to high school in Belgium and am now 22, so a lot has changed, situations are different everywhere and NOT every kid or every teen did mean, cruel or unethical things. 

But if you did or remember something happening to you, please let me know. I'm not here to judge you, my purpose is kind of the opposite. I'm trying to understand why we maybe did something like that and make a humanizing film out of it where I try to enlighten both sides of a story :)

Thanks for reading!

(Now I'm ashamed of how long this..maybe it's time that I see a shrink)