my ultimate guide to making grilled cheese step 1: decisions

the first thing you do is plan out the making of this grilled cheese(s). which bread? what cheese? how many? plan this out. quick snack? 1 half a slice with 1 plastic cheese. gf coming over in 30 minutes? 3, two slices of bread and fresh grated marble. this is the base. the rest of the guide helps decide how to make said cheese o grill

real step 1: bread and butter:

the bread and butter is... well. the bread and butter of our grilled cheese. this can truely change your grilled dramaticly. first off, bread. if you want a more healthy grilled, use 12 grain, or not eat a grilled cheese. if youre craving some cheesyness, go plain for more attention to the cheese. below are types of bread, a rating, and a quick note. also, butter can make or break a grilled. i suggest less butter if youre known to burn them. anyways, list

white bread. 7/10. less noticable for more flavour with other stuff

12 grain. 9/10. add a bit more butter for full usage

fluffy white bread. 8/10. absorbs butter excellently

cinnimon raisin. ???/10. what?

step 2: cheese and cheesier jokes:

next stop, cheese. this can really "moo"ve the scale from good to bad. get it? cheese is milk? cows go moo? well, this isnt a topic i will touch on too "moo"ch. get it, the cow thing again? ah. well, cheese is mainly shredded, sticks or plasticy. how much also helps. i suggest decent sticks or two plastic slices. more list below for ratings and notes

shredded. 8/10. pretty accesable and adds that kick of cheese in your tasteticles(yes, a cheesy dick joke)

sticks. 7/10. way more accesable but way more cheesyness

plasticy. 10/10. most plasticheese packs show a grilled cheese. they wont sell without grilled cheese and moms that buy it cuz its cheaper and somehow make it taste decent

step 3: how 2 kook:

now we are near the end of preparation and should start to cook after this step. cooking, mainly how we cook. are you a goldy grillie, a brunette and blond, or a "burn that shit and just stop right before it becomes unedible" guy. i feel other food choices can determine this, idk why but it works most of the time. if you like eggs unscrambled without cheese, you probably like a golden, crisp grillie. if you plain toast, a slight burn on a golden grilled cheese. if you put alot of butter on the grilled cheese, probably a bit more burnt for you. not 100% accurate but it works with most people i know.

step 4: not a step just some other stuff:

maybe a plain, boring and cheesy grilled cheese dont cut it anymore. spice it up! a list below are some spices that go good on grilled cheeses, some with notes.

pepper (highly suggest)

tex mex

maple syrup (only some like these)

souls of the damned

garlic salt

dino nuggs (in the grilled cheese)

thanks for reading! if i helped or you just found this kinda funny, please let me know