Don't be afraid to call out on your teacher's bullshit. I just did so in the past 2 weeks and succeeded. Let me give you guys some context first. I'm taking Organic Chemistry 1 virtually over zoom in college right now and there have been some unfair quizzes that have been given out to us. Each quiz is worth about 11% of our grade in which there are 5 quizzes total through out the semester. About 2 weeks ago, I took the 2nd quiz of the semester in which I did pretty shitty on (20/30 or 66%). I actually studied my ass off for this quiz but it didn't matter since the quiz was hard af and was unfair imo. Even though the class average for that quiz was in the 50s, the professor basically told everyone that they weren't going to tutoring enough lmao. The 3rd quiz that I took 2 days ago was basically the same as the 2nd quiz where it was unfair and everyone did shit. So, I sat my ass down in the past two weeks writing 7600+ words worth of e-mails to my professor basically exposing every single problem that there was with the course. I was surprised when I copied and pasted all of my e-mails into a google doc and I saw that I had written a shit ton of words lol. In the end, my professor and his coworkers admitted to being a failure of a teacher and are making changes to the course as we speak. Below, I linked a google document of the entire e-mail exchange in which I copied and pasted them. If you want to read the short novel I spent 15+ hours typing, you are free to do so.

TLDR: I took some unfair quizzes so I wrote a novel of an e-mail to my professor which made him admit that he was a failure.

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aMk3oDBZbh7udDqezV6c2NMLro70uWXcNDXZUyrRNAI/edit?usp=sharing

TLDR of the email exchange:
Me: Your quiz was unfair and bullshit
Professor: Lol it happens, try harder next time
Me: Bruh, your class is shit
Professor: I guess I'll do something about it (Not really)
Me: Here's why your class is shit... (Many paragraphs later)
Professor: Alright, good point. I'll actually do something about it.
Everyone still does shit on the next quiz
Me: I'm now going to expose you and your coworkers bullshit and laziness.
Professor: Ok we're sorry, plz forgive us.

The names of the professors and my university are replaced with filler in order to protect their privacy.