I was contemplating suicide today So I just spent the weekend with my parents at their friend’s house by a lake and it was pretty good. There was lots of activities and stuff to do and it was a nice change of pace.

There were 3 people around my age there who I’ve known since my childhood but we never really talked. I tried to talk to them but my introverted nature really came out and I always felt that I was doing something wrong. (The fact that 2 of the 3 were really cute girls only amplified this.) 

I never really fit in when we did activities together and I’m always the odd one out and I wish I was just invisible. Whenever they’d hang out in their room, I never came close cause I felt like I’d just embarrass myself. That’s when I realized how bad my social skills really where. They were just like everyone else back home, I was the different one. 

They’d have fun hanging out while I would sit in my corner trying to disappear forever. I could hear them talk. Laughing, jokes, anecdotes and all the things that normal people do. Whenever I’d try to talk to them, the conversation would go dry and no one would look in my direction. 

When the time to say bye came, I just packed up our stuff and hid in the car while my parents said their stuff. They scolded me afterwards for being impolite. 

During the 3 hour car ride, I just mulled over everything I did wrong. Everything that made me different. That made me wrong. My brain even brought up stuff from the times that I hung out with these people in the past. None of the good.

After around 45 minutes of this self imposed mental torture, I starting toying with the idea to escape from it all. To get rid of my ability to make mistakes once and for all. To get rid of myself. Since most of the trip takes place driving on a highway, I thought I’d wait for us to be going at least 100km/h and pass a semi truck before jumping out the car and ending my life. 

During all the opportunities that arose, I just looked at the trucks pass and thought, “god that would hurt.” Not I’m here, typing this instead of being spread across one of the longest highways in the world. All because I was too scared of how it would hurt.

TL;DR: I got sad that I can’t interact with people and wanted to end it all. Smart, right?