I love my girlfriend. Gentlemen you're gonna find somebody who makes you happy. So I used one of the cool kids at my school and I would date girls based on social standing and whatnot. Basically I was a major asshole to everybody who I didn't think had the honor of being friends with me.

But then I changed schools and I was no longer the alpha if you will. I was just another kid in the school. Not a loser and not cool.

This experience really gave me perspective on what I like in people. Certain attributes of my friends from my old school I really hated. So, I strived to stay away from those kind of people. Eventually I grew into the person I am today. (All of this happened over the course of a year btw).

So, 8th grade school year (last year) I decided that I wanted to date again. 7th grade hadn't been a remarkable year for me in terms of long term friendships and relationships. But, both of my major crushes on girls in 8th grade really set me back.

Both of the girls had really bad habits.
Girl 1: she would talk to multiple other guys and flirt with them in front of me, despite telling me that she liked me and me telling her I liked her back. My intentions were clear and it was evident that she knew what she was doing.
Girl 2: We actually dated but she made me feel really bad about myself. She never let me know what was going on or how she was feeling. But she would always make the conversation about herself, never asking how I was doing. So when she finally broke things off I was sad, but also relieved.

Both of these situations culminated in me having to start from square 1 with me. But I was already so tired of working on myself and exploring my likes and dislikes, that I became more or less an edgelord.

But then, July 3rd/4th (it was late) 2020, I found my girlfriend.

She has been nothing but good to me and all I want is to make her happy. I was venting to her tonight and she really made my stomach get filled with butterflies. She is the sweetest person I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. She brightens my day every day. 

I never thought I would be able to find someone as pure as her but I did. 

And gentlemen, you find somebody who makes you happy. That's the most Important thing. You. Being. Happy. I know it's tough being a boy and I've only covered a fraction of my struggles. But, their is always light at the end of the tunnel. And in my book, regardless of whether or not we can see eye to eye. If you are inherently a good person at heart, you deserve to be love and be loved. 

You are all kings in my book👑.

Be safe, I love y'all.