The gospel Once you were dead because of your disobedience and your many sins. You used to live in sin, just like the rest of the world, obeying the devil—the commander of the powers in the unseen world. He is the spirit at work in the hearts of those who refuse to obey God. All of us used to live that way, following the passionate desires and inclinations of our sinful nature. By our very nature we were subject to God’s anger, just like everyone else.”‭‭Ephesians‬ ‭2:1-3‬ ‭NLT‬‬

In Greek one of the most basic words for sin is Harmartia: to miss the mark. 
Imagine you’re trying to hit the middle of a target with an arrow, but you miss instead. Like this when we lust, lie, steal, or get angry, we miss the mark of Gods standard. So naturally we have all sinned against God, and missed the mark, including me and you. We’ve all messed up in life and sinned. You’ve lied or stole, or listed after a person, correct? 

for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God. Romans 3:23 NKJV


For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord. Romans 6:23 NKJV

As the word says, the wages or price to pay for sin is death. As a criminal may deserve punishment for his crimes, we deserve the punishment  for sinning against God. 


“But God is so rich in mercy, and he loved us so much, that even though we were dead because of our sins, he gave us life when he raised Christ from the dead. (It is only by God’s grace that you have been saved!)”‭‭Ephesians‬ ‭2:4-5‬ ‭NLT‬‬

But God loves us all so much, that even when we deserved death, he sent his son to die for our sins. Jesus took all the punishment for our sins, so that we didn’t have too. Because of this, when we accept Jesus as lord and savior, we are saved from eternal death, and given eternal life. Because of this, we access forgiveness of sin.

For this is how God loved the world: He gave his one and only Son, so that everyone who believes in him will not perish but have eternal life.”
‭‭John‬ ‭3:16‬ ‭NLT‬‬

For by grace you have been saved through faith, and that not of yourselves; it is the gift of God, not of works, lest anyone should boast. Ephesians 2:8-9 NKJV


This salvation cannot be earned through works, our lost by sin. The only way we can obtain it is through placing our faith in Christ. There is no other way to heaven but Jesus Christ. Only through him are we saved, we’re not saved by our good works, only through Jesus. When you confess that Jesus is lord and savior, and believe it in your hearts he died for you sins, and he rose from the grave 3 days later, you are saved, and spared from hell. 


Jesus said to him, “I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through Me. John 14:6 NKJV

If we confess this with our mouths, we are saved. 

that if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your heart that God has raised Him from the dead, you will be saved. Romans 10:9 NKJV

Jesus said to him, “I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through Me. John 14:6 NKJV“


Remember that we aren’t promised tomorrow, and we could die any day.
So remember the day of salvation us now, the day of tech sing the lord is now.

“yet you do not know what tomorrow will bring. What is your life? For you are a mist that appears for a little time and then vanishes.” ‭‭James‬ ‭4:14‬ ‭ESV‬‬

For God says, “At just the right time, I heard you. On the day of salvation, I helped you.” Indeed, the “right time” is now. Today is the day of salvation. 2 Corinthians 6:2