Don't wait. Well, I (like everybody else) probably make hundreds of mistakes unknowingly, but this one slapped me across the face and it keeps slapping me so I came here to complain/give advice.

I can't believe I'm about to make one of those posts about how love is hard, but this is the best community I can turn to.

So, I've been chatting with this girl (let's call her Anna). It was fun while it lasted - our chats were interactive and both of us were 120% focused on them. We had a lot of similar interests. Pretty much the only problem is that she didn't follow me when I started ranting about seemingly random things - it seems that she wasn't into my "metaphorical" talk. Perhaps she was annoyed because I wasn't straightforward with her and not being straightforward is one of my major flaws.

Let's get back on track - a mutual friend of ours and another girl "wanted" a relationship. I'm not sure how it happened, or were they even into each other. It always seemed kinda forced, but regardless, Anna wanted to make it happen. He was a good friend of mine so sure (let's call him Jim).

Jim is a bit unskilled in social interaction. He always seems a bit anxious/defensive. He's well aware of that, so he comes up with an idea - me, Anna, himself and his love interest to go out at some point. I liked the idea, although I found it kinda dumb for his first "date" to bring 2 third wheels along. 

We eventually did go out - it was not a regular night out with friends, not by any means. There's was no real conversation, we acted like kids. It was certainly the most fun you could ask for, but we didn't really get to know anyone. It almost felt like we were friends for decades and now we went out to just fuck around.

Jim and I half-jokingly, half'seriously started calling it a double date. Hell, if you can even call it a date.

So Jim being the mastermind that he is, he wanted me and Anna to be a thing. Sure, who am I to say no? He asks Anna does she like me, she says yes. Come to think of it, she was seeking my attention when we were out, but it didn't really matter - chalked it up to my imagination. I liked her as well - she's awesome. At least to the extent that I know her, which really isn't much.

And here comes my lack of confrontational skill into play. Did I ask her out the same day? No. Did I ask her out after a week so it isn't obvious who told me? Nope. I waited probably for over a month. A fucking month of back and forth chatting and our fuel was already running out.

Eventually, I see us growing cold towards each other. I slowly realise what's happening and I ask her out, in an emotional panic - she declines, as expected. She gave me the "I don't ever wanna lose you" talk. Of course, who wants to lose anyone from their lives?

Also, my crackhead theory about this - there's another guy at play who suits her better. I know there's another guy and they would make a better couple than her and I - but it's still painful. He isn't the reason I failed. He does play a role, but the primary blame is on me.

The feeling of having something in your palm like that and losing it is absolutely awful.

Moral of the story: guys (and girls), please, by God, be more confrontational. Even if your case isn't as obvious as mine, even if you're on the fence - it's better to be decisive with a bad decision than to be indecisive. Waiting for the perfect moment is a death sentence to all of your decisions.

Boldness, straightfowardness, honesty is respected. Be honest with yourself and others.

Of course, not all hope is lost. Hope never really dies, in my experience and social life is a whole-ass rollercoaster. But it's the current situation that hurts. Kinda sad that we didn't get to explore this rabbit hole together. We might, just not right now.

TL;DR - a girl was in love with me and now she isn't because I waited waaayy too fucking long.