I don’t know how to feel 

F17 and from the U.S
So back in October I had a crush on this guy and we started talking and and going out like 3 times. I wasn’t sure if he liked me tho he was always giving me mixed signals but I was crushing so hard. On Valentine’s Day tho I asked him what he was doing and he said nothing and then he  asked if I wanted to hang out and I said yes and ofc I was really excited. 

The next day tho after that he cancelled and said that he didn’t want to go anymore and that he didn’t want to do something that he didn’t want to do even tho he asked me to hang out. Going on and on about how he feels bad cause I’m a great girl blah blah blah. As you can imagine I was upset and I didn’t talk to him for months. Back in May he would text me on snap once in a while but nothing serious and I thought I was completely over him at that point. 

So this past summer is where everything changed we started talking more and more and I wanted to get some answers. He explains why he cancelled the Valentine’s Day thing and he said he was in a bad place last year and that “ how can I love someone else if I can’t love myself” which I completely understood. He also said that he had a crush on me too and the he likes me currently and always had which I really had no idea. He said that he doesn’t expect me to forgive me but he really wants to make it up to me. Like now he seems more apparent about his feelings like always saying he misses me and stuff like that. 

Now I just don’t know how to feel we’ve hung out one this past summer and it was nice of talking. It’s just that I don’t know how to feel about him, I don’t fe l crazy about him like I once was. I don’t even really get butterflies when I see him now. I believe that I want to like him and go somewhere but something is just not there and I don’t know why. Every time I think about him I just always get this confusing thoughts. Bottom line is that I don’t know if I like him anymore but I think I want to? Also a good note is that I’ve never been in a relationship nor have had the opportunity like this one. Thank you for reading this I’m just confused :(