I lost the love of my life This whole story is going to sound absolutely insane as I'm only 19.This whole situation happened about two and a half years ago. I'm pretty confident my soulmate is gone forever due to something I can't control. I know that's dramatic as i'm 19 but it think it's true. I'm pretty weird when it comes to dating. I don't really try to go out and date unless I've been attracted to a girl for a while. I think during puberty you have so many attractions that come and go that it's pointless to go and pursue every one. I was attracted to this girl for a year and a half before I made a move. I had slowly been becoming better and better friends with her and finally worked up the courage to ask her out. She politely declined but we decided to remain friends. This typically is like yeah we'll be friends but actually end up never talking. This wasn't what happened. We actually were best friends for the remainder of high school and went to prom together both years. She just didn't have any desire to date anyone. This was perfect for me because all I really wanted was to just be in her life. High school came to an end and I was planning on moving to where she was going to do college just to be close to her. I loved this woman with everything in me and she had love for me just not as much. My love for this woman has never faded and it is still strong today. The problem is another girl decided to fuck this perfect situation for me. My senior year my friend group consisted of this girl, a boy, and another girl. I'd consider them to be my favorite people ever. I had loved them more than anyone ever. The boy in this group had a sister who hated my guts for god knows why. I had decided to sit next to her at an event and the next day all my friends had stopped all contact with me. The reason for them stopping the contact is that the sister had told everyone I had sexually assaulted her. She with one false statement ruined everything. I could care less about what people think about me as long as I was able to talk to my beloved but unfortunately I have never seen or heard from her since that day. The worst part is I was in a church youth group and the youth pastor had to sit me down. He said that she told him that all i did was touch her leg and try to hold her hand but what she had told other people was so worse that I would be unable to come back to the church. I went from the happiest I've ever been to the most depressed I've ever been. I tried to kill myself multiple times and it's a miracle I'm still alive. I still haven't recovered and I don't think I ever will. I lost everyone including my mother. I think about this woman every day and don't know how to move on. I would let the world think i'm a serial rapist and rot in prison for the rest of my life just for five minutes with this woman. I just want to be happy but my life is in shambles.

TL;DR: I had found my soulmate but a false sexual assault accusation ruined my relationship with her and everyone else.