I need to get this out of my chest. Well, hello. I don't even know how to start this post, but I will try.  
I have been lurking this sub for some months now, it has helped me a lot to forget about my situation, but I can't keep running from this, and I really don't have anyone to talk about this, so I'm going to try and vent a little in here, and maybe it'll manage to be therapeutic.

Everything started a few years ago, and I don't want to bore you with all the details about my life, those are more suited for a psychologist, but the gist of it is that I have always been hated, all my friends tend to treat me like trash, and even some teachers and family members did this, so I started to become a cynic, while I got left out and started to live life in solitude.

All of this didn't really bother me, it was so typical that I just started to normalize it, until eventually I became very depressed. Alone and with no one to trust everything started to fall down on me, my life broke apart and I desperately tried to cling to something to keep finding meaning, a reason to live.

the sad thing is that all of that wasn't the tip of the iceberg, I just kept holding on, trying to be strong, only to be met by weakness. It started to get worse as I entered High school, everyone found groups, meaning, something, while I got left out once again. Eventually I managed to find some friends, that still treated me horrible, they hit me and verbally abuse me. 

I kind of drifted apart from them as the year started, but the pandemic happened, I went inside my house, I stopped seeing people, they stopped talking to me on a regular basis, and I just got left alone, once again. At first it wasn't hard, but life kept on going strong with me, time and time again it kept dealing low blows, the months kept advancing and I just felt like I was stuck in a blurry mist, where everything just sucked.

We fast-forward a bit probably around 6 months or so, where I started to show symptoms of a disease called APL, I don't want to enter to much detail, but basically I get micro infarcts in my brain, and it's practically a miracle that I haven't lost my speech ability or my walking ability. It's just random, anything could happen, ranging from hallucinations, to turning into a vegetable. 

And well, I got diagnosed 2 weeks ago, my life style had to change and I lost the few things that helped me hold on to life, those little hobbies that helped me escape for a few moments from reality, they are just gone now, and I don't have a clear picture any longer of how to keep going.

The weird thing is that I'm not scared, probably the only thing preventing me from ending it all is my stubbornness to admit defeat against a life that put plenty of cards against me. So, that's why I'm writing this essay here today, I just felt like no one could help me anymore, so I'm relying in complete strangers to help me grasp my new reality, and well, yeah, keep on going. Maybe this isn't the right community to write this, but I just hope that I can find some way to find meaning to life.

And well, if you managed to get here and didn't get bored with my life, I thank you for reading me, I know it doesn't mean much coming from a complete stranger, but I can't offer anything else, so sorry, so yeah, this is the post, I hope I can some day find something, but until then, I guess I'm going to just say goodbye, and thank you.

Thanks for coming to my ted talk