I dont know if this girl likes me or not. Alright first off, me and her are very close and the way me and her talk is like Micheal Reeves and LilyPichu, I act like a maniac and she acts calm but also sometimes acts like a maniac too. Now I am questioning myself if she likes me or not because of how many flirty things she said to me, sorry if I sound dumb here are the the flirty things she said to me and some other stuff


1. ( school was already done but the teachers wanted us to watch a movie, but it was our choice if we wanted to watch it or not )

 one time maybe 3 years ago me and her wanted to go back to the classroom because there was a movie playing, now me and her was bored and decided to go back in the classroom to watch the movie,  now there was only 1 chair left for us to sit on so I just told her to sit on the chair so she did, a minute later she asked me to sit beside her and I was like   "the chair is pretty small but okay"   and I did I didnt know why but it made me feel like she likes me.

2. She bought me some ice cream and she is my only friend that gives me a gift when its my birthday or even acknowledges that its my birthday.

3. I said "you have no heart" ( as a joke or something idk I donr remember it was 2 years ago ) she said "if I have no heart how did I love you?".

4. I let her keep one of my drawing notebooks and she wrote on the back

 " ( insert my irl name ) x (her irl last name ) = 10/10 "

5. dont call me cringe it was 2 years ago me and her kinda? Role played as Sans and Frisk, she was Frisk and I was sans, she then told me she loves the ship Frans, Frans is pretty much Frisk x sans thing ( pretty cringe I know but it was 2 years ago )

6. I said I dont love anybody and then she said " I know you love me " ( I kinda did )

7. I said I'll draw your favorite thing idk she said "I am feeling to much love" I just wanted to draw something for her because her day was bad

8. Says I can lean on her shoulder if I am sad

9. I said "omfg its so hot here" she said "its because my crush is here, your my crush" or something like that, but why I am not hot I am ugly af

10. She is very touchy sometimes and one time she put her hand on my shoulder

11. One time she tried to lean on me but it was pretty crowded so she stopped leaning on me in like 2 seconds

12. She told me her deepest darkest secret and I am not even her best friend and she didnt even tell her best friend

13. Acts worried when I am sick

14. Very worried when I am sad

Etc etc etc 




Now you might be saying "ofcourse she likes you" after what I just said but she sometimes just treats me like a friend, plus she likes my best fake " friend " more so I want her to be happier with him


Anyways first post here so I am worried the replies are gonna be "NAH BRO YOUR JUST DUMB".