50 reasons to not commit suicide 50 reasons to not end it all.

I have seen a lot of people on this sub posting about how they wish to end their life. The list was originally 101 but anyways.. 

Here is my own list of reasons as to why you shouldn’t. 

1. Even if it’s hard to understand, there’s someone out there who cares for you, even if it seems like nobody does

2. You **WILL** damage the lives of people around you

3. Suicide is a permanent solution to a problem which is most-likely temporary (cliche, but true) 

4. You have your entire life ahead of you, so much to accomplish and achieve, this is just another hurtle you can get past

5. Think about the things you love most, whether it be your parents, friends, live for them

6. There’s always someone willing to lend an ear and listen 

7. You may feel like trash now, but that trash can recycled into happiness

8. There’s so much in life to experience and learn

9. Your life is a gift, even if it’s dull... this gift has so much more to it if you get past the wrapping of depression 

10. You live through experiences, even the sad ones and you learn from them

11. Death is no better than feeling depressed, it isn’t just a crutch for depression, you may only live once, why throw it all away?

12. You are worth it, don’t let anybody say otherwise 

13. Once you’ve gone through these tough times, you will reflect and feel so proud of your ability to get through them and the world awaits

14. Think about all the things you’ve ever wanted to do, you can’t if you’re gone 

15. Your family would be besides themselves, think about them, how they would feel

16. You won’t be able to watch those assholes who doubted you when you were at your lowest 

17. You won’t know what it’s like to truly be happy and satisfied with your life

18. Think about those you could’ve met in your life, there’s so many people to meet and have experiences with 

19. To find a true love, settle down, have a family and live a happy life

20. You’re not alone, there’s so much other people feeling the same

21. A bright future lies ahead

22. Music

23. Movies 

24. If you give up now, you wouldn’t be able to know what you could’ve achieved if you got passed this

25. You mean so much to somebody

26. You’re beautiful, even if you don’t think so

27. You are capable of more than you think 

28. Cuddles

29. Food

30. There’s always someone that will be a jerkoff, those are the ones that fail, you have the ability to succeed

31. You have a purpose 

32. Do whatever it is that makes you happy, if there’s nothing, find something that does

33. Puppies and kittens

34. The world won’t be the same without you, at least those who loved you and really cared for you

35. You have passions and talents inside of you 

36. Hot showers after a long day

37. There’s no light without some dark

38. You’re preventing your future generation from being born, your kids, life

39. You really are amazing, you’re so worth it

40. Buying a game and playing it for the first time

41. Making memories with your friends 

42. Birthdays

43. One day you will be the happiest you’ve been

44. Stargazing 

45. There’s people out there whose goal is to help you, listen and care for you (friends, family, professionals such as psychiatrists and therapists, etc)

46. You were born for a reason

47. Enjoying the stillness of the night 

48. Don’t forget that you are someone people can look up to

49. Feeling proud of yourself 

50. Accomplishing something huge

51. “*If you have light on light, you have nothing. If you have dark on dark, you basically have nothing. Just like in life. You gotta have a little sadness once in a while so you know when the good times come.*” - Bob Ross


Life is your own canvas. It’s up to you to paint it with what you learn, the things you experience, people you have met or know and love, your passions and everything that makes you happy. You can only finish your painting when you’ve lived through everything, added everything to the canvas. If you end your life now, your painting doesn’t end. It just goes to waste, just like everything you could’ve done and achieved in your life. 

Don’t throw it away. Keep living. Keep breathing. There’s always a solution. Happiness awaits you. 

I hope people see this. Suicide is a horrible pandemic.