Please read this (it's kinda important) Im going to start by saying that a majority of you won't be affected by this post. Im trying to speak to the vocal minority. Also these are my opinions and if you disagree with me I'm sorry.

I will talk about numerus things most of which are political and I feel like they need to be said.

1) media portrays that Christians hate the LGBT+ community and as a Christian myself I can say that that is not true. We recognize that it is a sin, say so and move on. For even if  you don't think so you are still a child of God and we shouldn't hate you for it. The people who do tie into my next point.

2) extremists suck. I don't care what group your a part of, these people are everywhere. The worst part about them is that entire groups are defined by them ( think about a "typical" leftist or rightist depending on what side you are on). Let's say your a liberal and you have a conservative friend you are are tight and you know he's a conservative but one day some conservative exremists bomb a liberal politician's home. You don't like conservatives and they're all evil. While this is a highly exaggerated example, how do you view the opposite side?

3) this one is more focused on this sub-reddit in particular. Some people on this sub-reddit live in tough homes and they talk about it, which is  a really good thing. It's not a perfect system though. Teenagers can say my parents slapped me and almost immediately people are like call the police or CPS or something. It's kinda the same thing as rape accusations, right? Even if they're false they ruin a man's life( I say man's because women aren't hit as hard or even at all at false rape accusations). Why? Because people judged him and continued to judge him by that. It's the same here. Parents are judged unfairly and without a way to defend themselves. So next time remember that people are innocent until proven guilty, not the other way around.

That's all I have for today and I hope you can see where I come from. I'm not the best at putting my thoughts on paper so forgive me on that front. I'll try to answer as many questions as possible to the best of my ability.

- a fellow teenager