The Ultimate Diss You absolute piece of shit.
You absolute waste of space and room on the face of this Earth.
You uneducated, ignorant, idiotic, doltish, dumb swine. You’re an absolute embarrassment to humanity and all life as a whole. The magnitude of your hideous failure is so indescribably massive that throughout the future, your name will be used as a moniker of evil for heretics. Even if the human species put together their collective intelligence, there is no conceivable way they could have thought up a way to fuck up on the unimaginable scale you just did. The day Jesus died for our sins, He must not have seen the sacrilegious act we just witnessed you performing, because if He did, He would have forsaken humanity long ago, so that your birth may have never become reality. After you die, your skeleton will be displayed in museums after being scientifically researched, so that all future generations may learn not to generate your bone structure. Because every tiny detail anyone may have in common with you, will be degraded to a useless piece of shit. And a heavy burden to society. No wonder your father questioned whether or not your were truly his son, for you'd have to not be a waste of carbon matter for anyone to love you as a family member. Your birth made it so that mankind is worse in every way any intelligent brain can possibly imagine. You have made it to the point, where that society will never truly recover into a state of organization. Everything has forever fallen into a bewildering chaos, through which  unrecognizable core, you can only find misfortune. I would say, the apocalypse is upon us, but this is merely the closest word humans have, for the sheer scale of horror that is now reality. You have forever  condemned everyone you love and know, into an long period of suffering, worse than any human concept of hell and doom. You are such an unholy being, that if you step within a one hundred foot radius, of a holy place, or a  place that has ever been deemed important by anyone, your distorted sac soul will ruin whatever meaning it ever had, far beyond repair. You are an idiotic, shit-eating, dumbass, un-evolved Homo Sapien. And no one has ever loved you. Rhodes Island would have been better off, if you would have never joined us. You are a lying, backstabbing, cowardly useless piece of shit, and all of us hate you with every single part of our being. The world’s finest writers, poets, and thoughtful philosophers from throughout the ages of Human history could never hope to accurately describe the scale on which you have just fucked up. And how incredibly idiotic you are, words cannot emphasize.
Anyone that believes in any religion or deities, should now realize that they have been wrong this entire time, for if divine beings were reality, they would never have allowed a being such as you, to stain the Earth, and the universe itself.
For matter, atoms, and subatomic particles themselves, would be embarrassed to even reconfigure themselves in a way to form you and your dog-shit brain. In the far future, and for a very long time, our descendants will be writing horror stories about you. Which the scariest part of it all, is that the reader has to realize that such an indescribable monster has actually existed. You are the absolute embodiment of everything that has ever been wrong on this Earth, yet you manage to make it so that, that is only a small part of the evil that is your being. Never in the history of mankind has there been anyone that could have predicted such an eldrich abomination, but here you are. It is truly hard to believe that I am seeing such an incredible failure with my own eyes, but here I am, so unfortunately, I cannot deny your existence. But I, even if I did my very best, my vocabulary is not able to describe the sheer magnitude of the idiotic mistake that is you.
If any time in the future of our civilization, Time Travel is to be invented, there still would not be a single soul willing to go back in time, to before this moment to fix history, because having to witness such incredible horrors, if they failed would have to many mental, and physical drawbacks, that not even the bravest souls in the history of our species, would be willing to risk it. I cannot imagine the pure dread your mother must have felt when she had to carry an infant for nine consecutive months and give birth to such a wretched monster as you. Not a single word of the incoherent, illogical rambling you may be wanting to defend yourself with or apologize would ever be able to make up for what you just did. All nations on the face of this Earth would have wanted to make laws preventing such a terrible event like this from ever happening again, but sadly this is not possible since your horrific actions just now have  shattered every form of order this world once had, making concepts such as laws, irrelevant. Right from the moment I first set my eyes on you, I knew you were an absolute abomination of everything that is wrong with humanity. I was hoping I would have been able to prevent your evil from being released upon this world by tagging along and keeping my eye on  
you, but it is clear to me now, that not even the greatest efforts would have been able to prevent a terrible event of such immense scale from occurring. You are the worst human being, or even just being in general, that I  have ever had the misfortune of witnessing. Past events like the plague, apparently happened with the goal of teaching humanity how to survive them. As the one you just created, not even mankind’s greatest trials were able to even slightly prepare anyone for  the insufferable evil you have just created.
If you ever had them, your children would be preemptively killed to protect the universe from the possibility of anyone in your bloodline being even half as monstrous as you are, except you will never be able to have children, because not a single intelligent organism will ever want to come within a one hundred mile radius of you, and anything you have ever touched.
You are a colossal disappointment not only to your parents, but to your ancestors and the entire bloodline. The dreadful mistake that you have brought upon us, is so harrowing, that anyone who will ever hear about it, would spontaneously feel an indescribable mixture of immense anger, fear, and anxiety. They, emotionally and physically, would never truly be the same ever again. The sheer scale of your mistake, if ever to be materialized, would not only surpass the size of this world, but it would reach far beyond the edges of the known, and almost certainly the unknown. I could sit here, and write paragraphs, essays, and books describing your immense failure, yet even if I were to dedicate my life to describing the reality of what has just gone down here, I would spend every moment of it until my heart stops beating working as hard and efficiently as possible, yet there is not even a snowballs chance in hell, that I would be able to come close to transcribing the absolute shit-show you have just released upon this world. You are an irresponsible, idiotic, disgusting, unloved, horrible excuse for a living being who’s soul contains less humanity than every being in all history combined. The absolute disgust that I feel when thinking about anything that has even a slight resemblance to anything that might have to do with you and your unholy actions is so incredibly great, that when I am honest about it, I think that even I do not posses a consciousness great enough to comprehend my own feelings about it. When the people of Columbia fought to break free from Lungmen, countless soldiers fought and lost their lives in favor of a chance at a better future for their children, they did not give their lives to have you fuck the world up beyond repair to the degree that you are doing right now. Honestly, even when technology advances and studies on subjects become more and more accurate, I do not think humanity will ever truly be able to understand what your failure actually means for the universe.
My hate for you and everything that you stand for, is so much deeper than the depths of Shambala, that you could probably take the entire Lungmen population down there and back up around twenty million times before you would have sunk to the end of my hate. And honesty, I do not want to exaggerate, but I think that, that insult was low balling it such a massive amount, that all mountains in this world combined would have not been able to stack up this imprecise judgement in the light of the fact that when being honest, my hate is almost certainly bottomless.
There is no one in this world that has ever loved you, and especially after what you just did, no one will ever love you in the future either. There is no hope that your stupid behavior and especially your crooked soul will ever change for the better. And in fact quite the opposite might be true. By making the mistake that you just did, you have shown me that you are so incredibly hopeless that you will only devolve into a more idiotic and wretched creature than you already are. The only possible way in which your future would be brighter than the black hole your existence currently is, would exclusively be because there is absolutely no conceivable way that you would even be able to sink lower than the pathetic place your current failure has put you in. But than again, you are so incredibly abominable, that you would probably be able to surpass the worst conceivable failure a living being can possibly make. You are so incredibly pathetic, that you are honestly not worthy of any more of my words, nor my time, nor anyone’s time.
Just know that I will forever detest you for your failure, and everything you stand for, and that no matter what happens.

I will never ever forgive you.