Last time I posted this it got yeeted by a bot mistakenly. This is why I think being clairvoyant is annoying To set the record clear I am actually clairvoyant, This is not a joke, I am NOT making fun of those who are clairvoyant. clairvoyance comes in many forms and is perceived by the user differently. Now with that out of the way let's begin.

Understanding what it means to be clairvoyant is a good place to start. Being clairvoyant isn't about crystal balls, meditating, and spoopy persona 4 tarrot cards. Being clairvoyant is about seeing further than what is presently infront of you. It's about opening your eyes to see not what is infront of you today but what will be infront of you tomorrow and having the right mindset. Simply put it's not about seeing the future but rather inferring it without your personal desires interveining which can warp what you see (day dreams) and clairvoyance is capable of being done without the gimmicks and bullshit that you would normally see.

Can anyone be a clairvoyant? Well that is debatable but in my experience it depends on the person. As long as you have the right mindset, good logic and inferring skills, and your observant of the world around you without bias then yes anyone can be clairvoyant. But what makes it different from a regular thought is when it materializes into a vision which only happens when you start to infer what will happen with accurate details that can world build. The problem most people have is when their desire takes over. This desire warps the truth of the vision and results in day dreams which are non-obtainable by nature because of the warping of the vision.

But why do I think being clairvoyant is annoying? Well I simplified it into a list of personal complaints I have with my own clairvoyance.

+ I have no control over when I get visions
+ I have no idea what day the vision will take place (for me it's somewhere between 2 weeks and the next day after the vision, give or take the outliers of a year)
+ I never know what the event is that I'm supposed to be seeing (always see the aftermath of the event)
+ I don't know how I can train myself to get better and accurate visions.
+ Only happens at night when I'm asleep 

For me there is nothing more annoying than knowing something will happen but not knowing what it is or when it will be and not knowing how to activate my clairvoyance and train it to get more information.

Don't get me wrong it's cool knowing I have this power. but it sucks not knowing how to use it when I want to. I have so much free time in between stuff that could be used gaining knowledge of future events so I can prepare for them. Makes me feel like I'm wasting this power and not getting the full potential of it.

What is being clairvoyant like? To me it's like a lucid dream but you are more of a spectator than a part of the event. Imagine the movie inside out, the headquarters but without the control panel. That's the most accurate way to imagine what being clairvoyant is like.