Some advice for guys to get girls to like you and want to hang out. Okay I'd like to just state this isn't necessary for a romantic context but would probably work (unfortunately I'm not the best at taking the plunge or I fall for a girl that doesn't like me and ignore others, a flaw I'm working on.)

Okay so I used to be really awkward when I was 14-15 I'd barely ever talked to a girl, I was a social mess and I many depression like symptoms (never got them checked out.) I'm still a bit of a social mess but I can talk to girls now and I have probably more female friends than I do male friends. I know how difficult it can be that's why I want to share some pointers on how I'd talk to a girl.

So first things first your appearance matters. I don't mean how good looking you are (because I would say I'm not), but how you present yourself. What I mean by this is, you need to take care of your appearance so wash your hair, take care of your skin, work on your posture, etc etc (I know some people will struggle with this due to mental health but you really should be focusing on yourself rather than making friends). Basically act like you care about your appearance and be confident with said appearance.

First impressions also matter, most girls (if this is a school setting) will judge you by your conduct in school and if they see you outside of school. So, don't act like a dick, be polite, be respectful, listen to them/others etc. Once you have gotten to know eachother you can let your other side's show (provided your not a dick). For example I was introduced to a girl by a friend and when we first talked we were a bit shy, quiet and respectful. About an hour later we were talking about weird stuff she'd done at parties (I'm not much of a party person myself but oh well) and it was like that curtain had been lifted and we're already solid friends after like 5 days of knowing eachother.

Message them. This is the one I struggle with the most, I'm not very good at starting conversations and messages tend to get very dry on both ends. However, I do still have some tips. Firstly don't message them at all times of the day, even if they are willing, it still comes off as clingy and, if you're like me, you'll run out of things to talk about and your friendship will stall. If they're ranting about something don't interrupt them and once they're finished ask how you can help. Sometimes girls will just want to rant and not have advice thrown at them (although you should probably think about their situation and offer advice at a later date) but in general be supportive. Also I find sending memes to be a fun thing to do or, if you see some post about something they care about send it to them, they might have already seen it but it makes people feel like they've been listened to if you do things like that. Another thing, don't be afraid to tell them how much they mean to you, if they're a close friend, as it can really help raise self esteem.

Don't be afraid to ask to meet up with them from time to time. However, it's important that when you ask you must give them an easy way out, it helps people feel more comfortable if they don't want to meet up. And if they say no don't be too put down, there'll be another chance, or perhaps they would rather do a group thing.

You don't have to agree on everything. Just ask long as the things you disagree with don't come up often in conversations (if you want to debate with eachother that's totally cool but I tend to avoid it completely because I'm a wuss when it comes to confrontation lol).

Uhh that's about all I can think of atm but I'll try and think of some others. Just listen to them and don't be a dick but be confident in yourself. (Fake confidence is still confidence).

I hope these half baked, tired thoughts help somewhat.