My crush became a bitch I met my crush (evie)in January 2019 at the time she seemed nice but I never really thought anything of her. I met her because we both went to the same school at the time and we’re applying to the same school since the one we were both at at the time didn’t go to grade 8. That didn’t matter at the time but a few months later in June we were both excepted into the school I had started to like her around that time because we had become closer freinds when we were both on our schools ultimate frisbee team.  A few months later we started at our new school for grade 8 a week later I was walking home from school and saw Evie ahead of me also walking home. I caught up with her and we talked a bit and kept walking turns out she lived 2 houses down from me on the same street we started walking home together almost every day. We became really close friends and I started to like her. In November 2019 Evie started making a lot of new friends and she became one of the popular girls. She started walking home with me less and less. Until eventually she just stood me up completely. At this point I wasn’t bothered by it although I hated her new friends. I still liked her a lot and wanted to wake her out and tell her how I felt. I decided that I would ask her out on her birthday December 27th 2019. And everything was looking good. I had a few from that thought that she liked me and I was really excited because I really liked her. Until I did the dumbest thing ever....


I forgot her birthday. I forgot which day it was because it was winter break and all my plans were ruined. If I had just fucking remember maybe she would still be the nice sweet and lovable person that she was. I never got around to asking her out again. 2020 hit and she was becoming just like her annoying bitchy friends as she became more popular in the school.I still had feelings with her but in quarantine I replied to one of her Snapchat stories that said to reply with a number and she would ask a question based if the chart. I replied 8 . My question was “who is your crush” 

My dumbass panicked and I just didn’t respond to the snap. Fast forward to July she blocked m on snap. At first I thought she just deleted her account but then I saw her friends posting their streaks with her. I confronted her finally in September just before school started. I asked her why she started ignoring me in January and she said 
“I don’t know what your talking about”
I asked her why she blocked me on snap and she said
“I didn’t”
I talked to her again 2 weeks into school and she said
“Go away You’re annoying “
I asked her what happened to our friendship and she got up and left
Since then she’s been avoiding me at school and blocked me on everything 
Today marks 1 year since I fucked up royally and lost her




Happy motherfucking birthday evie