My lifelong best friend is being a dick to me over something as stupid as politics We go to the same church, he's a christian, I'm a closited agnostic. He's a republican, full on trump supporter and whatnot and I disagree with alot of his beliefs but that has never stopped me from respecting his opinion. The thing is, we're not even that different in terms of political beliefs. I'm a libertarian so economically speaking, I'm still very right wing. I just don't believe in stupid shit like being anti mask or supporting trump. I don't even hate trump, I just don't support him. 

But he thinks just because I support things like drug legalization (which I am VERY strongly for) and wearing masks, I'm some sort of liberal/leftist (as if that's supposed to be an insult, because of course all libt_rds are stupid SJW's who need to be #wrecked by *facts* and *logic*   ^/s )

Recently, all that he and his own conservative friends (republicunts, if you will) have been messaging me and shitting on my political views (despite the fact that they provide no real factual arguments, and any arguments they did provide I instantly discredited and provided my own counter argument which made them heated and angry while I maintained a cool head. It was quite entertaining actually, but still very annoying)

Well, I think it's time to cut this kid out of my life, which is gonna be really hard cus he was my best friend for years, and I've been nothing but respectful to him, and meanwhile, especially since he introduced me to some other friends that he had, he's been acting more and more like an absolute cunt. Why are people like this.

Also please note that this post is not an attack on republicans. My policy on others political beliefs is that if your arguments and viewpoints are grounded in facts and logic, and you are able to have a civil, productive discussion about them with others, you have my respect. I don't care if you are on the left or right or whatever, so long as you're not a literal nazi or something.