Boys I failed but then I didn’t, and I need your wisdom TL:DR at bottom

Okay so some backstory I do year round competitive swimming, and this year I got invited to the NCSA meet in Orlando (Big deal national meet) Since it’s pretty hard to get into, only me and this one girl went to the 14-under meet. I have a strict rule that I’m not going to date until I can drive myself to the date, but there have been 3 people that have seriously made me reconsider that decision. She happened to be one of them.

Anyhow, throughout this 4 day long event we were just hanging out on the bleachers talking and laughing and stuff. She didn’t mind my (lightly) offensive humor, I didn’t mind her (lightly) patronizing humor. And the whole time I’m there trying to figure out a way to get her number. 

//side note: HER DAD IS THE COACH so it’s not gonna be like a ‘oh dumb kids trying to go out’ it’s gonna be more of a ‘I’ll fucking kill you u/Sacrificial-Toenail’

At one point the coach (her dad) took me out to [Unnamed tourist attraction] and dinner for team bonding or something And we went on some rides and stuff and yknow we’re having fun, but both of her parents are there so I can’t do anything (stay with me this story has an ending) so I just enjoy myself the rest of the night.

So on the last day we’re talking and we get this idea to go though our camera rolls, so we’re showing each other the best memes we’ve found over the years (yes she’s a memer) and other dumb photos. She starts going through her Snapchat memories or something I don’t have Snapchat, but she shows me this pic of her flipping the bird, and that’s the final nail in the coffin because she’s got her index finger half bent and her thumb out, if you know you know. 

By the way we’re laughing and talking, so the other people around us can all hear if they wanted to. So this girl taps me on the shoulder and asks “Excuse me, but are you two dating?” And like a dumbass I respond with a “No.” When I should have said yes and then followed up with a just kidding or something to gauge her response. So she sits back and says to someone else “they should be” and he agrees (she didn’t hear this). That’s when I realized that combined with everything else I’ve experienced this week, I need this girl’s number, if not to get together just because she’s an awesome person. I promise myself that I’m not leaving this building until I get those digits.

I failed. 

But then I got a text from an unknown number that said “Hey bro great job this week” obviously I wanted it to be her but I wasn’t sure yet so I asked who it was. Sure enough it was. She had to contact a friend of mine to get my number! Obviously I should have asked her myself but still! If there are any girls reading this, is this a good thing? I feel like it is but I’m unsure.

TL:DR I failed to get a girls number but she contacted a friend of mine to text me. Good or bad news?