My little brother is so damn incosiderate My mom quite her job to work for the government recently and shes in training right now and thus not earning money. My little brother decides that now of all times he deserves more. Hes been asking for custom $40 pistol grips for both of his TEN DOLLAR AIRSOFT GUNS and every day hes been asking for sonic or McDonalds when we barley have food at home to cook. On top of that he never cleans up his messes. For instance, he was cleaning his top bunk off that we have been telling him to clean for about a year and a half (you'll see why thats important) and once my mom threatens him with a belt he finely does it. Well he did it at like nine thirty on a school night. While he was cleaning I was in bed watching Netflix and then all the stuff from his bunk falls down. He just got down and said he was done and when I told him that he needs to clean his mess he told me to do it because it was next to my bed. I went to sleep and told my mom what happened and she told him to clean it. But still its infuriating. Not to brag but me and my twin brother are pretty big deals because were two of the smartest kids in the school and because were twins. What I'm saying is that my little brother just has to say were his brothers and everyone likes him. Well it went that way until it git to his head. I tell him that being our brother is great and he can use that to his advantage but he purposely starts shit with kids in his grade(7th now) so I'm constantly getting told by my friends that hes bullying there siblings. I was raised to not hit him since he was born and even though he deserves it me and my twin dont hit him. And our mom dosnt use her belt, she just grounds him. What really grinds my gears is that he dosnt care. He takes getting grounded as a trade off rather than a punishment. Me and my twin brother have always tried our hardest to make mom happy and we do but when we get rewarded he thinks that he deserves the same. For example: me and my twin wanted dying light so we could play with our friends so we told our mom that we've been getting straight a's and not getting grounded for like 7 years and asked her for it because it was 20 dollars. She said yes and the next day he walks in the room and sees us playing dying light and then starts crying when our mom dosnt give him 20 dollars. And then he comes in the room and tells us that we mentally abuse him, hit him, and make him feel depressed, and at first I felt bad because depression is a real problem but then that remorse was slapped away when my mom heard and said that she knows we dont hit him but then ask what would make him feel better and he said in the most fake sad voice "20 dollars for gta". Well he got the money and I would expect him to buy something that alowes him to earn money lije vehicle cargo missions. But it came to my surprise when two days later he has no money no way to easily earn money and no vheicle to drive around in. It turns out he bought, fully customized and drove a car for 15 minites, sell the car and repeat. He spent his so called "depression" money and he still has nothing. He did the virtual equivalent of burning his money and he still wants more money for gta. I could go on but I'm not going to.