Some thoughts about boredom Well, to start this, I'm gonna ask you a question: When was the last time you were bored? And by 'bored' I mean not just a casual boredom like when you're in a class you actually don't care about. Do you remember being bored as a six or seven yo child, when you were literally just sitting around and thinking 'What should I do now?'? Because that's exactly that kind of boredom I'm talking about.  

If you are like me and most of my friends, you either can't really remember, or it's been quiet a long time, or if it wasn't that long ago, that doesn't happen that often any more. Well, that's a good thing, that means we've always got something meaningful to do, right?

Wrong.

For most people nowadays, the force of habit grabs you, so that you'll grab your phone and start scrolling on Instagram, Reddit, Twitter, whatever. Would you consider that activity as important, productive, or all in all a positive thing? I'll leave that up to you.  

Now, let's change the topic for a second. I'm just assuming that I'm kinda average, so I'll guess that you often find yourself saying 'Oh gosh, I'm so uncreative' too. But why? Why so? Thinking back, I was pretty creative as a child, and I would draw quiet a lot, imagine my own games, play outside with friends and always thinking of new stuff to try. So, what has changed? Obviously we aren't children any more (or at least like to think that…). What else has changed?  

I'd point my finger towards something that's nowadays pretty much omnipresent: the internet. We are not bored any more because we instinctively go on the internet to check what's new, which wasn't possible when we were still those six or seven yo kids. I'd actually even be brave enough to use the word 'addiction' here. Many people, especially younger people, like us, are addicted to the internet without realizing it. Please do me a favour and quickly check on your Instagram and YouTube how much time you've spend there on average per day in the past week. (You can to that somewhere in the settings; Sadly I haven't found that on Reddit…)  

Okay, done? No? It doesn't matter. The numbers are just for a personal connection to this topic, and you can just keep on thinking with me by questioning yourself: Does it make sense how I spend this time? Of my 24 hours per day? Just for fun: Take your daily average and multiply it by 365. That's the time you'd spend on social media per year.  

Now imagine what else you could achieve in this time. Learn a new language? Well, it can surely achieve you basic knowledge. Do sports? Definitely great, and maybe you can even learn a handstand in that time? Drawing? Awesome! The next Vincent van Gogh will rise! (But please keep your ears, the world sounds better with them).

I want you to think about your future. Eventually, you'll be old, and eventually you'll be as old as your grandparents. Maybe you'll have grandchildren! And let's be honest, it is waaaay cooler to be that grandpa who can cook really well, or maybe can draw really awesome, or is still able to do a handstand with 70, instead of being that old dude who just sits around all day and waits for the sun to set, so he can go to sleep again. But how can you reach that? Let me tell you one thing: not by staring at your phone all day.

At this point I could go more into detail about addictions etc, but I'll leave the research to you. Don't just believe some 'facts' a random guy on the internet tells you. But let me tell you this: the world is so much more than just the internet. Be brave enough to be bored and just think for a while. Literally do \*nothing\*. Put everything aside and just let your thoughts go wild. Your brain is amazing, but you need to leave room for it to breath. Stop giving it input every second you have, and just let it do some work and create something. Even if it's 'just' thoughts.  

Do you think people of the past, like Leonardo da Vinci, Albert Einstein, Ludwig van Beethoven, you name it, would've been able to do the things they did if they had just stared at their phone all day long? Certainly not.  

Some brief informations about me: I'm 19 yo and I'm studying physics at uni in my second semester now. This week I've got 3 exams. While preparing for them, the phrase 'Where the fuck did my time go again?' did not just appear more often because I miscalculated while studying the theory of special relativity, but also because I'm procrastinating. A lot. And instead if using my free time to do creative stuff, I waste it by watching stupid videos on YouTube, that I actually couldn't care less about. As a result, when I should study I can't concentrate, because my brain is constantly looking for something to distract itself with something more 'fun' (What really is a bummer, because maths and physics are awesome and just beautiful). (Actually its looking for something to get dopamine quicker than by actually studying, but again, do research on your own about addiction and that stuff).  

So, what's my plan? For me, I want to 'reset my brain' and stay off the internet for a week after my exams are done, and bring it back more conscious and constantly asking: Do I really need this? Or could I do something better with my time?

And what should YOU do now, after reading this?  

I don't care. You can put your phone down and just think about what I just told you. Or you can get active and immediately start doing something you always wanted to get started on, but never felt motivated enough to really do it.

Or you can just go back to your feed and let this post be one of many others, and probably won't be able to remember reading this in a few hours. You don't have to agree with me, it's fine.  

The decision is yours.  

Some final words: I'm not a great writer or anything (so, sorry for any writing or spelling mistakes), but just wanted to get rid of some thoughts. Even if only one of the few people who read this takes a brief moment to think about all of this (and hopefully beyond; I could just keep writing, but at some point I eventually need to stop), it was completely worth writing this and sharing it. 

My dudes and dudettes, you are still young. You are the future. So please be aware of what you consume and what you're doing with your time. Your teen years are so powerful when it comes to development and setting a foundation for your life, so please use them wisely.

Thanks for your attention and take breaks.

Cheers.