Need to talk, please read if you want I don’t think I’ve ever posted here, but I just need to text some things here so someone out there can listen to me and not treat me like I’m a baby and how I’m “learning all about life” and that “things will get better”. I know it’s all true, but I never found it really helped me.
I’ve always been a good kid and teenager. I never had mental health issues and and I was really doing fine. In the last recent months so many things have happened that have changed my entire perspective of how I feel day to day. I wanna start with my main area of anxiety, my ex. We had a great fucking relationship for four months and I cared about her and loved her. It was great. She tells me in December she doesn’t really want a relationship at the moment and she wants to be friends still. She gets mad at me every time I try to exit and reach out. And because she left me with so many unanswered questions I can’t go without asking her sometimes. I am an emotional guy and she knows this about me, but it didn’t seem she cared. I know she told me it’s nothing to do with me it’s just the fact she doesn’t want a relationship. Tonight I learn that she never really found me attractive (she did for first two weeks then she felt bad) , she thought I was weird and that I she felt obligated to say she loved me cause she didn’t want me to feel like she didn’t. School has been nothing but added work to the stress and intrusive thoughts I have going through my head all the time. None of my friends or really, family listen to me much because I’ve never had mental health issues in the past. There’s more but I don’t want to type it all out because I don’t really have the motivation to do so. I’m out of carrots, I’m out of sticks. I have no idea where to go from here, because for the first time in my life, I don’t see where it gets better, and I want to go to sleep and never wake up. IM NOT SUICIDAL. I don’t want to die, but I don’t want to live if it’s gonna stay like this.