Will Pedophilia Happen To Be Normalized In the Future? Pedophilia is not something new, we all have been sickened or rather even angered by the very existence of it. 

However, in the recent past weeks, a large number of social media accounts, news articles, and even memes have been discussing the very topic of the so-called MAPS (self-identified maps) aka pedophiles and how they are trying to normalize themselves by trying to get "along" with LGBtQ+ communities and even going as far as creating a flag to represent themselves.

Personally as a person who is extremely critical to topics of pedophilia and rape. I was sickened and was worried . 

In a recent talk with one of my friends about these topics we saw how people of LGBTQ communities were oppressed and were often hated and harassed by the general public and how it can still be seen in our older generation such as our grandparents and even our peers often labeling them as "unnatural".I was told about how just like in the past the people who hated LGBTQ communities are now considered conservative and parochial one day we might be too be seen like this but in this case, it would be due to our disagreement with the very presence of pedophiles.

Countless underaged children are being abused and over sexualize for the sake of entertainment and fame by their parents and guardians and it has provided with a means of media for these pedophiles and you can virtually find child porn in literally any hentai (Japanese pornographic art) labeled as loli available at one click away.

Will in the future after common interaction of people about such sensitive topics make them numb and result in pedophilia to become destigmatized and be a thing of the future and we have to stay quiet about it.

I as a person is genuinely scared and angered with the very possibility and the helplessness I feel.

Please let me know what you think.

tl;dr Will pedophilia become common and "legalized" and we will be known as the boomers of the future generations?