I told my crush I love her Yeah, I know. Look at me, so original probably just a karma whore faking a story. I kinda don’t care and you can just move on or leave a comment saying I’m a loser but I just want to vent.

I’m also on mobile so this is gonna be a shitty ride ( I’m going to start randomly beginning new paragraphs so it isn’t just a huge wall of text)

So we both have reddit since I introduced her to it and she’s been really into it and even follows me, so maybe she’ll see this in the morning or some time after school that I posted this if she even cares to check.

We’ve been friends for quite a while, and we actually met through a mutual friend which we kinda both thought was annoying which was what we sort of started with. We actually talked a lot and we were sorta both weird in our own ways and we really I guess  clicked.

She was also pretty shy and i guess I sort of helped her out with that. We texted and called and talked for months getting to know each other better and always laughing and making jokes, which was a new sort of getting to know each other personally for me since I don’t really share much with other people including friends. 

We always talked basically everyday for months now and time has really passed quickly with her, and I guess talking and calling with her has really made me happy and not feel completely lonely all these months and through quarantine, since I didn’t really have much a social life outside school since I didn’t use social media much or had much of a life.

We always talked about random weird things so casually since we had a weird friendship we could talk about anything. She would share random things like crushes and we would talk about it and we would share random childhood stories as well. 

Through one of our many messing around convos we unofficially discovered many things about each other which is probably not official but other things is very true but I will keep discrete since I don’t know wether I can share or not. We basically knew everything about each other I guess and were best friends.

Well today, she texted me and we talked like we always did. That week I’ve started to actually think over what I felt for her with another very trusted friend. He said maybe I liked her and that I should see what happens and go for it.

Well as soon as she texted me, I started with a bit of small talk and some joking and such as we always do cus I’m not instantly gonna get to it cus I’m not a fucking weirdo. (I think) 

After a while I kinda told her I liked her. Well we sorta did that sort of thing where we dramatically and jokingly said we had a burning love for one another and we’d joke and laugh about how people can be so cheesy.

So she instantly took it as a joke and a lame impersonation and laughed it off. I sorta did too, but I wanted to tell her I was serious but didn’t have the guts to so I sorta did more subtle things to say I was serious and such, I guess giving mixed signals. She then started awkwardly asking if I was being serious and like the coward I am tried squirming out of the questions. 

We had a normal convo and we occasionally brought it up and sort of forgot about it multiple times somehow. 

I just realized how long this is and how dramatic I am being. 

We basically ended on her wanting to maybe talk about it tomorrow since she was gonna go now and I said okay no problem even tho we sorta sorted it out by then.

#extra stuff no one cares about 

The reason she laughs it off multiple times too is cus we are just weird and always make jokes like that and about how we would never like each other and stuff and she sort already has a crush of her own and that’s usually a topic we sometimes talk about

Sorry for the extreme lack of good writing and paragraphing and also commas and periods. You may now leave
 
And also, if this somehow blows up and she coincidentally happens to be on this sub too and scrolling and sees this and decides to read to the bottom, hey Antonia, I was serious, and actually have feelings for you. Three other people that see this feel free to bully or support this in the comments


TLDR: I made another one of those generic posts where I ask out my crush and we laugh it off cus I’m too much a coward to tell her I’m serious