My dad's a very loud hypocrite This rant is pretty long, I included a TL:DR at the bottom

Everyone knows coronavirus has been tough for school and businesses. As a result, me and my siblings attend school virtually and my dad works from home. 

Now one of my classes this semester is health and fitness. Every other day we have a workout, and if you're at home they give you a list of exercises to do. Today was one of those days. My family is fortunate enough to have been able to afford a small home gym setup, which is in our basement. The room I go to class from is next to this room, and my dad's office is on the other side. So when it's time to workout for health and fitness, I go to workout in the gym room.

Like most sane people, I listen to music while I workout. So when I went to workout today I put some music on the speaker, being careful not to make it too loud but just loud enough that I'm groovin (rn my left ear is kinda fucked so I can't wear earbuds). I'm about 2 sets into my workout when my dad has the audacity to storm in and tell me to stop working out Bc it's interrupting his workflow. 

That sounds like a pretty reasonable thing to say, right? Well ladies and gentlemen, you all have to fortune of never seeing my dad work out. Holy shit it's one of the worst things to experience. This dude MOANS when he works out and it's so loud you can hear it from outside the fucking house. I shit you not, I doubt there's a difference between the sound of him pounding and him getting his reps in. And he works out virtually every fucking day. EVERY. DAY. With no regard for anyone's schedules. Sometimes he does his P90X regiment (super outdated workout btw) and other times he does peloton classes. These are the worst Bc he either blasts the class, so not only do I have to hear his moaning but also "WHATS UP EVERYBODY WELCOME BACK TO ANOTHER PELOTON RIDE," and sometimes he blasts MSNBC, which is the worst.

Mind you my study room is RIGHT NEXT TO THE GYM. There is 0 sound deadening. And he works out every day with no regard for anyone else. I often have to quit studying or homework because I can't put up with his moaning. Once I had a tutoring lesson and the teacher had to put up with hearing MSNBC and a 57 year old man moaning every time I unmuted. My moms a therapist and he completely disregards her telling him he needs to tone it down when she's doing virtual sessions. And yes, we've told him he needs to stop.

The worst is when friends come over or I'm on a call. Once my bandmate was over and we were working on seshing out a new track and my dad started working out and I almost lost my shit. Once my sisters friend was over and she thought my dad was doin the nasty. It's so fucking bad. 

And the worst part is this dude has the fucking audacity to tell us when we're being too loud or interrupting his workflow and when we can or can't work out. We have to work around HIS schedule when he has zero regard for ours. The house may be your office but it's also our classroom and, well, OUR FUCKING HOUSE so we should have every right to choose when we can exercise.

I know I'm starting to sound like a broken record but it's fucking disgusting that he tells us all what to do when he's an absolute fucking embarrassment and expects us to work around his schedule because he decided to work from home. 

Because of all this bullshit I have to put up with, when he told me I couldn't work out today, which by the way is part of my school assignment, I lost my shit and went to workout outside in the cold. And I guarantee he will work out tonight, and I will be busy doing schoolwork.

TL:DR; My dad moans really loud when he works out, which is every day, and no one can stand it. He has no regard for anyone else's personal lives and selfishly expects us to work around his schedule. So when I decided to work out today and he yelled at me for being too loud I decided to work out outside.