Sometimes it feels like I’m the only alpha male left All of my friends are such fucking losers and it’s so fucking annoying. I work 100x harder than them in school, sports, extracurriculars, everything, but they still act like they’re so much fucking better than me. They think that they’ve unlocked the key to life by staying in online school, only ever doing the absolute bare minimum work ever required and even then just getting it from me, having no athletic capabilities, talking to no one outside of their families and our friend group, and just jacking off and playing video games 24/7. This is what they’re spending their free high school time on, and they HAVE THE FUCKING AUDACITY TO CRITICIZE ME ABOUT MY LIFESTYLE. They’re constantly telling me that if I played more video games, or got more sleep, or hung out with them more, I would be happier. Any time I have to cancel plans with them or tell them that I can’t play something because I have homework or anything else, even something else that I actually enjoy, they flip out on me and just attack everything that I care about. And the worst part about it is, they’re not even that close with each other. I’m the glue that’s holding the two of them together as friends, AND I THEREFORE AM VIRTUALLY THE ONLY HUMAN CONTACT THEY GET AND AM RESPONSIBLE FOR 75% OF THEIR ENTERTAINMENT IN LIFE, AND THEY JUST TAKE ME FOR FUCKING GRANTED. AND IN ADDITION, TO ADD THE FUCKING ICING ON THE CAKE. I’m not even 100% sure they like me as a person. They’re both obsessed with constantly being at my house or hanging out with me, but I am convinced that this is only because any time I’m around my sister usually is too, and she’s the only female contact that either of them have gotten in months. When she can’t hang out, it usually means the three of us aren’t hanging out, in which case my two ‘friends’ beg me to waste my time playing videos games with them, and yet while doing so just yell at me for being terrible at the game because my lifestyle choices are all wrong and I don’t play with them enough to be good. They’re supposed to be looking out for me the way I look out for both of them, and it’s fucking bullshit that they only care about themselves and my sister. Despite the years of loyalty and happiness I’ve given to both of them all this time, my personal well being couldn’t matter fucking less to either of them. I can’t take it.