Heck it imma post my sexual awakening story So a couple weeks ago I went on a trip out to coastal California. I left as a straight man. That uh, changed over a couple of days.

I’ve always assumed I was straight. It was considered normal by the people around me, and I definitely found myself attracted to girls, so I saw no reason to think of anything other than my own heterosexuality. The guys in my town had always been really disappointing... and while I occasionally saw men online and thought dang they pretty, I didn’t really do much about it, and thought well anyone can recognize objectively good looking people even if they aren’t attracted to them.

Then I met this guy, who for anonymity’s sake I will call Ben. He was an atheist like me, without being overly militant about it like many folks, he was smart, self sufficient, and totally ran his own life. Ben impressed the shit out of me, and we met as mutual friends of people on a small server, so I didn’t have a reason not to trust him. I already thought this guy was mad cool, and then I saw a photo of him and I think a part of me just bloomed for the first time. He was BEAUTIFUL. Dyed hair, soft features with a jawline to die for and a cute smile. I was so, so screwed.

We talked for hours and hours and he told me about his life as someone bisexual and also polyamorous. I was curious, so I asked what being poly was like and as he told me I realized that this was another thing my life had been missing.

So now I’d had two awakenings in the span of a day or two... but it gets better because before long i realized that Ben was hitting on me, and I just broke. All the craziness, new feelings, and now this? Yeah my brain just noped out for a second. I texted a friend, got some advice, and came back to my senses.

Fast forward a week and we are now happy boyfriends, in a low stakes polyamorous relationship with another friend of mine. It’s been an insane little while, but I feel so much more comfortable in my own skin, knowing not only that I am more complex than I thought, but that I’ll have him by my side.

Thanks for letting me share, Reddit. Hopefully I gave you some nice brain chemicals.
Tl;dr I went on a vacation as a straight dude and I came back bisexual, polyamorous, and with a brand new boyfriend.