FINAL UPDATE: I Shat My Pants In School And Now I'm Being Threatened With Expulsion Last post:
 https://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/ja4cld/update_i_shat_my_pants_in_school_and_now_im_being/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share

Again, thank you to everyone who commented on my last few posts. If you haven't read the first two posts, read those for content. Today was the final meeting and  like I promised, I'd tell you all what happened.

For starters, I put up a fight and the school board actually considered my side of the argument. With that in mind, let's get on with the results.

So I went into the final meeting with the school board alongside my parents. They gave it a few days to think over as to whether I will be expelled or not for the incident and they had a final verdict.

Before giving me the results, they allowed me to speak and say my side of the story without any interruptions from my teacher. I gave them my side of the story exactly how I explained it to all of you. The school lunch gave me a bad stomach ache and my teacher never called on me while I had my hand raised and I ended up defecating myself which resulted in me getting sent to the principal's office over something that was an accident.

The principal then asked me a few questions. He asked if I am aware of the severity of the situation and why people are so scared in this time and I obviously said I do. He then asked my parents if I have a history of accidents. They told them the truth, I had them up til about 5th grade die to a very weak bladder but it was never on purpose and never defecation.

The school board explained that I sounded as if I was leaving out details as my teacher "has a very good record in our district" and they highly doubt she'd over exaggerate things. I will tell you this much, the only reason she has a good record is because of her tenure. My brother and uncle both remember her and both had very bad experiences with her along with other stories I have heard about her but because she has tenure, it's basically going to take killing a student to get her fired.

They gave me another chance to explain but I said there's nothing else to add to my story as I told them everything. I said I understood her rules but I brought up the law. The law states that no one is legally allowed to not let you use the bathroom but they said I was just a highschool sophomore and don't know about the law even though that is what I want to get into after highschool and have studied quite a bit. 

The final thing stated before I got my results that they asked a few other students to make sure the stories lined up. Well, bad news. They lined up. With my teachers story. And guess who they asked. My bullies just put of pure "coincidence."

They said that I seem to be a "chronic liar" and that I am not taking the situation seriously and intentionally caused a panic and attempted a "biological act of terrorism" like my teacher stated last time. 

At this point I was crying because I knew who lied and that my future and my relationships with my family and friends was fucked all because my bullies thought it would be hilarious and my teachers has an overly inflated ego. 

They told me I am to be expelled by Monday. Until then, I am to attend classes online. Fuck that. I'm not attending them. They fucked me over so fuck them. 

Nothing worked. They have overly inflated egos and in turn they forced me through a traumatic experience over an accident caused by shitty food and kicked me out of school to no longer see my friends, my girlfriend, or anyone else. So thanks a lot Mrs. Dickinson. I hope you burn in hell.

Thank you to everyone who has supported me through this painful experience. If I have any updates in the future, I will post them here but as of right now, I have nothing else to say. If you have any questions or anything to say in general, I'll do my best to answer.