Why does everything suck Ok here goes nothing,
(Wall of text warning)
Ok so I 16M have had a crush on a girl 16F for a while (3 years) and we always hung out and we’re pretty flirty but I was always waaaaaay too pussy to ask her out. Well anyway we were texting a while back about trying to go without sleeping for 72 hours (for hallucinations). Anyway she mentions that it’s a dumb idea and it’s not even possible because she tried to go 24 hours without sleeping with her boyfriend and she couldn’t. Cue me having 18 existential crisises before eventually calming down and responding something dumb like ok. I eventually calmed down because she mentioned that it was a while ago she and her boyfriend had tried this. Now anyway she had never before mentioned to me that she had a boyfriend and we saw each other like once a month the longest apart. So I assumed that maybe they had broken up because never did she tell me like hey stop being weird/flirting I have a boyfriend. So now I don’t know if it would be weird for me to ask her out because I don’t know if that was a subtle way of her saying like hey I have a boyfriend not that interested or did she just get a boyfriend not tell me break up with him not tell me and then act like nothing has changed. Maybe i just way over read into her being flirty with me and maybe she just doesn’t like me. I don’t know what to do we kinda stopped texting soon after that and we haven’t seen each other cause of covid except for a few bump ins here or there. When I did bump into her she didn’t act weird and she just said hi and normal stuff and acted normal. 
I need advice should I just straight up ask her what’s up potentially making our friendship weird?
Should I do nothing and have everything continue on?
Should I ask her out and potentially get rejected because she has a boyfriend also ruining our friendship. 
I don’t know what to do because not only do I like her I also like her as a friend and we have other mutual friends that we hang out with too and it could make that group weird if something weird happens between us. Please help me.

Side note the reason I’m posting now is because I read some story about some girl dying and how this dude was into her and he spent a night snuggling on the beach with her and how easy it is to lose people. It made me think what if something happens to her I would be so distraught that I never told her how I felt so I thought about asking her out and then spiraled into the realisation that I don’t know what to do.