I’m so stressed Today I woke up and logged into class a bit late because my alarm didn’t go off, not a great start to the day. Didn’t eat all day so I was hungry and a little ticked that my school laptops WiFi still won’t connect to my home WiFi so I have to use my phones hotspot for class which is very slow and cuts out a lot. And when my mom came home she was pissed at me because I am apparently I am truant right now. 

For those who don’t know, being truant means you have too many unexcused absences and have to retake that year of school if you cannot get them to be excused in time. This is my freshman year of high school... not great... 

This year since there’s online and in person (I’m usually in person but this week I’m online) if you miss school you can do online that day and get it as an excused absence or a present day (it just depends on your teacher). For me ALL OF MINE counted as unexcused so I have 28 TOTAL absences and only 9 are excused wtf. 

This year has been rough for me I’ve had every sickness in the book EXCEPT COVID I can’t tell you if that’s good or bad luck. I usually get sick more than others but it’s only the end of the first semester and I’ve gotten sick like 13 times ffs. 

My parents are already disappointed in me, not really a joke anymore my dad calls me a disappointment and I heard my mom talk to my aunt about it. 

The pressure from my brother being too quiet and smart is terrible, he is taking the collage classes in 11th grade and has almost all A’s and I feel like everyone has so much expectation for me but I let them down getting c’s b’s and d’s And being the class clown I am. 

I know I don’t have it NEARLY as bad as some people out there but for me and what I’ve experienced, this is terrible. 

I wonder what my friends would think, I’ve told both of the ones I have on discord and they both agree that the absent things are bullshit because the other in person kid says that it counts for him and we have some of the same teachers the other kid does online and he says that I should be more careful about being marked and stuff but otherwise bull. I haven’t old them mush else. 

Thanks for reading my rant, I dont know what to do because this is the first time this has happed to me.  I’m usually calm and hard to get physically stressed or sad about things but this is one of those times. Sorry is it reads bad, it’s midnight and I’m typing this on my phone, sorry.