This just in: Four new Undertale AUs now in progress simultaneously! I started VGamer1991 Studios about four or five years ago when I was attempting to use GameMaker 8.1 (yes, the Windows 8.1 version of the same program initially used to create Undertale) to take a crack at writing my first original video game. The project quickly folded, however, when I realized a completely original project was too much for me to take on with no experience in programming, despite the fact that GameMaker is marketed as being easy to use even with absolutely zero experience. The game was gone and all public mention of my studio was quickly wiped off the radar but I kept the dream and the related goals alive in my heart. I may or may not revive the original project as there are people out there who would be interested in playing it but it was never meant to be a sort of game that anyone outside of a particular group would get into. Undertale is for everyone and I have hacked games in the past, so I think I’m much better off starting at a point that is obviously closer to my comfort zone.

Here, however, come not one, nor two, nor three, but FOUR new Undertale AUs. One, which I am calling Frisk’s New Home, was an idea I got fairly early on when I realized I was not quite happy with vanilla Undertale. Another, Getting Revenge Together, is a customized version of Undertale Together that has ties with another AU I’m making. The third, Diana’s New Home, is a further customized version of Frisk’s New Home in which the character looks more like me, but this AU could also be seen as the prequel to my final AU, Don’t Let This Happen, which tells the story of Diana (the title character of the previous AU), who ran away from the human world entirely after she came out of an abusive relationship with Derek, the ~~~protagonist~~~ antagonistic player character in this AU. Don’t Let This Happen forms the basis for the previous two while Frisk’s New Home was something I thought up separately.

After deciding to make Frisk’s New Home I always knew I wanted to redo Undertale Together but my mind hadn’t yet fully formed the idea of Don’t Let This Happen. Once that idea did form, however, it was only natural that Diana’s New Home was the topping of choice with which to ice the cake, after the final piece of the puzzle that has become Getting Revenge Together was in place.

I will reveal that the title of Don’t Let This Happen comes from the fact that Derek finds that Diana has committed suicide after being relentlessly tormented by the memories of what Derek put her through when they were a couple living on the Surface (similar to how it seems likely Chara also committed suicide canonically), and it is also a warning to me, the AU’s creator, to not let my fellow humans down by committing suicide (since I have honestly struggled with depression and suicidal ideation since I was eight years old and it has only gotten worse over the years, as within the past decade I was with someone who wasn’t good for me and they put me through things that I then based the early storyline on).

Getting Revenge Together is based off of a sort of True Pacifist run of Don’t Let This Happen, where Diana and her new lover, Aidan, come back to the Underground after Derek goes there to live in exile when he gets tired of life in the village where he had already been living in exile on the Surface.

Are you guys interested? I promise to keep you posted on the progress of all projects mentioned in this post!