My parents think I’m lazy for being unable to do schoolwork due to mental issues. My parents don’t understand my problems with school.

I’ve done well in school all my life, from being a little kid. I’m now 16, and I’ve been struggling to keep myself motivated for at least 3 years now. I’ve been doing well with it, keeping my grades up with some close calls, but I can feel myself cracking. I’m doing progressively worse in school, and since I’m the eldest child, my parents don’t know what to do. 

They take away my things, like my phone and my pc, the things that are keeping me from feeling completely hopeless, as if that will raise my grades and stop me from wanting to kill myself. I’m trying so hard to just get it under control, but the more we fight, the more I feel like it’s all hopeless and it’ll just lead nowhere. I know my parents love me, but I just feel that they can’t understand why everything is slipping apart, and that they’re just adding to the problem. 

It feels like a cycle. I log on to school in the morning thinking, this is gonna be the day, I’m gonna get all my missing work done, I’m gonna do at least the *smallest* thing to nudge myself in the right direction. I do one small assignment, or maybe I rush a huge one on the due date to keep my grades from fully crashing. You’d think that would help me get motivated knowing that I’ve finally taken a step in the right direction. That’s what my parents seem to think, but I feel nothing. I feel no type of gratification towards anything, I feel like I’ve made no progress, I never will, and my dad won’t ever see me as satisfactory. 

Then they see that I’ve stopped doing my work, whether it be from an email from my teachers, or my Infinite Campus (online grade network) and they flip. My dad says he’s gonna take it all away, we fight, and we both end up angry. I think about this perpetual fighting-fest that goes on every week, and it just makes me feel like it’s never gonna end. Even as an adult, we’ll find something to fight about. That hopelessness that it’ll never end gets to me, and I fall deeper into this trap where I don’t get work done, and it repeats over and over. 

This has been the worst year of my life mentally. My parents and I are not getting along hardly ever. I love them to pieces but it makes me want to leave, or do something rash. I want to drop out, but I know I’ll be screwed for life if I do. I have a counselor, but we don’t talk often. I’m running out of options I feel. Please help me. Any advice is appreciated.