I Want To Become a Author Hey hey the 5 lovely people of reddit, 

If anyone reads this, you may not know who I am, well no one does but that's not the point, the point is I am a guy who has been on discord just making friends and chilling like a normal person should, but there's been a large personality trait about me, I'm a huge writer, im obsessed with writing it's a hobby of mine and it's a good one. Back to the point by the title of the post you can see that I want to become a author, but what does that have to do with discord? That's the thing! Each writer has an inspiration weather Its, gaming, life story's, or even a cook book because people love to cook, my inspiration was (you wont belive this) discord therapy. Oh yes, I was a discord therapist. Its silly really but I learned from it alot about life, people trusted me, opened up to me and felt better, and me being a nice guy with the power of my bad punctuation because I'm still learning and my deep felt writing skills, I wrote the person a personal peice of writing, saying 

"You are the best thing in this world that no one can take, you deserve to be told that no matter what, you make my day, you make other people's day, problems may weigh you down but your Hope's will never."

Trust me I just made that off the top of my head, but I've helped people with depression, suicide attempts, and people suicidal thoughts, I may be a teen in this world doing whatever to get by. But everyone wants to be known for something, right? I want my family and friends and people at my school to know what I have done for others and for really who I am. 

Now you may say, I'm not a Therapist I dont have a license, you're right I dont, and I'm just a friend who people trust, exactly but I was known to people as a discord therapist, yes I was known, those days maybe long gone but theres never someone who needs to hear that they matter. and well being a teen in this world means that helping people comes with its flaws. I'm a normal guy, I have problems as well but when I helped those people my problems shortened I learned from myself helping others! But yeah, I want to be known as a teen who made a book about being a some what therapist in the 2020 Corona pandemic helping people cope with their problems. 

And now this is where the story would end, DM's are open, discord DM's, Korbendioxide#8153, do what you want, do what you do, speak your mind, dont speak your mind, wanna be friends gladly! 

Please support on what I'm about to do, it's going to be a long way to the finish line.