I get so unlucky when it comes to dating. Let me say something before I go on my rant. I am NOT generalizing all girls. I know 99% of the girls on this subreddit are not toxic like this. I am talking about my horrible relationships, and I know that not every girl is like this. So with that warning out of the way listen to my pathetic relationship stories and why I am looking for a boyfriend.

&amp;#x200B;

So I have a tendency to attract the attention of crazy girls. My last gf was something else. She would get nervous if I would take forever typing, and got mad if I didn't respond to her texts, even if I had something important. She would say she never gets offended and says she can take a joke, and she would joke about the dumb shit I do/like. Now if I did it I would have a 50% chance of her laughing or getting mad. We were talking and as normal were joking about things we liked. I told her I listen to alternative rock/ and some metal and she made fun of me as a joke. She said she liked twilight and as normal I mess with her. She knew I was joking and obviously didn't mean it nor do I actually care what she liked, but still got upset even though she knew that it was a joke. She would do this just so I would feel bad for her or something. I also started talking to a group of kids from my English class, and she got mad at me and this is what she said. "You have friends now? What about me! Did you just forget that I exist? Do you not care about me!?" Now she wasn't even the worst. My worst gf cheated on me with a guy in his 20's. Not only is it illegal but wrong. She also slept with a bunch of other dudes, and started a rumor that we had sex even though we didn't. She also didn't treat me like a person sometimes and wouldn't even talk to me when we were at school. She was also controlling, and I wasn't experienced in relationships at this point so she kind of had me trapped in it. I eventually had enough of her shit and broke up with her. She got on house arrest, and I never saw her again.

What sucks is the girls I know that aren't toxic all have a bf/gf, and I wouldn't try to steal them because that is a shitty thing to do. I am just taking a break from this crap because it is so stupid. I want a boyfriend because of the gay guys I know they wouldn't be toxic.

So kids today we learned that you need to know who you are getting in a relationship with, or else you will be in a toxic relationship.