My girlfriend and the rosebush I've fallen into I've been with my SO for a year and a half and through that time I've been at my highest and lowest points in life. I met her the first day of sophomore year and instantly fell in love with her. She was my first real crush I suppose (and later I found out she had a crush on me). I had never really had any sexual or even romantic feelings or thoughts throughout middle school so one could say I was ill prepared for my first relationship. As the year goes by we become friends and by summer we're crying over the phone, talking to eachother about our struggles. Its important for me to note that at the time I was in an extremely toxic friend group. One person I had known for a decade was becoming someone I didn't recognize, and they were drifting away from me. I was the lowest I've ever been. She was aswell. She had had a piece of shit BF for a few months who cared for nothing but the sexual aspect of the relationship. He pressured her into doing things she admitted to me she wasn't ready for, and broke down crying when she thought about it. They break up and she's on to another one, whose arguably worse. He breaks her heart and she's considering suicide and cutting (we are still only friends by this time l, mind you). She decides to hook up with the person who caused my friend group to slip away, unknown to me. Summer passes and we grow closer. As school approaches I meet up with the friend group who I wi start referring to as the AWG (Short for A wing group). They think she's a whore. My friend of a decade thinks she has sti's without having spoken a word to her. We decided to fuck with everyone and fake a relationship early in the school year. Then it becomes not fake. The next few months are a blur. Im happy im with her but miserable with the AWG. Finals hit and I finally left the AWG, and after winter break is where everything goes wrong. In hindsight, I hadn't know much about her during those months. I hadn't know she had depression, cut, went further then I though she had with her exes, I hadn't known about the hookup. I snapped on my birthday, the day I found out half of this. I was and still am extremely insecure about being cheated on or being similar to her previous partners, and I guess a portion of that manifested itself in intense rage against her and him, the person who I already blamed for tearing away the only real friends I though I had. We fight for a month. I can't look at her without feeling beyond guilty for what I had said. I still feel guilty. I fucked up, but she got past it. I refuse to let it go. Spring is even more of a mess. One of her best friends becomes manicly depressed out of nowhere and attempts multiple suicides, putting me, my SO, and the rest of the new friend group that im a part of into therapy, and getting her to relapse cutting. Then covid hit. I dont remember much from then after, expet one thing. She occasionally had a breakdown at me for not giving her enough attention (which I think i do) and we argue about politics and such. But recently my insecurity of being cheated on was ignited when she prung they question: "would it be ok if I kissed my friend?" You can find thay situation on my profile if you desire to know more. now we come to tonight and the reason i made this post. We generally have opposing views when it comes to "social justice" and political correctness. Tonight I found a video that perfectly sums up my views on *specially* 3rd wave feminism, which she is very much for. I just can't believe that after 1 and a half fucking years she refuses to see my face over a difference in political views that i brought up. A difference that I was trying to bridge with what I thought would be an inciteful and inoffensive video to help explain my beliefs, seeing as I am dogshit at putting my thoughts into words. We generally see eachother pretty often (while remaining extremely safe when it comes to covid). We were supposed to hang out tomorrow after a reschedule but I suppose not. Putting this whole scenario into words it looks completely absurd. Im not even sure why I'm writing this anymore. Props to you if you've made it to the end. Any advice, thoughts, comments or questions would be appreciated and the dm's are always open.