Australia isn't real (Coming from an "Australian") Everyone's head the theory before. And I can vouch Australia IS NOT REAL. WE ARE PAID ACTORS. Australia is just an elaborate cover up by the British government for a mass murder. Australia was founded as a penal colony that the prisoners were killed instead of sent to the nonexistent island, but England couldn’t admit that outright. I know this post will get deleted soon because they'll find out so copy this shit down and save it idk. Before the age of 13, we have no clue about this. We aren't taught about it etc. but from then on we're told the truth by a specialist that comes to school. Australia's population is FAKE. There are certain parts around the world that is where Australia actually is. There's a base in Miami, USA, one in Cape Town, Africa and another place (I forgot where, somewhere in Asia I think). Kangaroos are actually native to Africa, I think Koalas originate from China but I'm not sure. I'm currently 15. There are dedicated actors that are allowed to use the internet, but I'm not one of them. I don't even know how I passed the security password. Not everyone gets paid here, but we do have our own little towns that are blocked out and we can't escape, we get free food and clean water for all of our lives. There's a lot of riots but otherwise it's pretty safe. We're currently in a fake lockdown. There's no Coronavirus in here but we have to wear masks for the media. Australia's desert and landscape is shot in different parts of the world. "Australia's" landmarks are on the other side of the world. When tourists come to visit, they take them to a seperate, more free part of "Australia" which is Sydney. This is the largest part and most believable because of how big it is but there's massive borders outside the city that you can't pass from what I've heard. I'm in the Melbourne base which is located outside Cape Town. It's pretty small and on rare occasions we get to travel to other bases. We do have our own currency and we're always being tracked. We are actors and get paid in food and  euro in which we can actually order packages online from England. Currently listening to some great CDs. We do have iPhones and the internet, but its serverly tracked. I don't know how the government and England covers this up so well.