It would be nice to know someone understands how this feels. Get ready for a hell of a read and lots of typos.

This story is about my troubles with love. One sunny day I left my city of Boise to go into a summer bible camp in McCall. We arrived, ate, did bible things. And I soon because assimilated into a group of friends. I even earned the nickname "Sheep" for my curly hair and the fact that my name was Sean  (Shawn the sheep is an old show). So I felt I was doing well in this group until one day I got a tip from one of the girls in the group that one of her comrades liked me. I spent the next day or so trying to find out who it was. They then just told me who it was, I was in shock because the person that liked me was almost two years older than me. Regardless I began spending more time with this person and I found her very likeable so I was really starting to like this person. I gave her my phone number and camp ends the next day. We go home. No problem right? Wrong. No texts from person. A week passes. No texts from comrade. A month passes. No text from comrade. I give up and decide she wasn't interested in me and thatvis should leave it. That night I go to bed and dream about her and awake to realize just how much i missed comrade. I then go on a little panic attack knowing I only have one contact from camp to try and get comrade's contact info. I go on a little search and I finally get it. I text her and it takes days for her to respond. Finally she does and we talk a bit. I ask her out. She says she would like to but she  cant. I'm sitting here waiting for some sort of response and just feeling empty. I try and find an escape by talking to someone else that feels this yearning but I am interrupted as they go to talk to their crush. I feel only a yearning now. I was touch starved as a child and u want to only fill that hunger. But nothing comes. I don't know what she really thinks. Is she ghosting me? Is she trying to let me down slow? I hurt. Please help. 

Thank you for listening to my TED talk
-sean the sheep