Insane parent (Karen) is making me move out, change schools and stop therapy. (She's making me go to a sucky catholic school even though I'm trans and atheist) *Poland* I'm a 16 yo trans man. My mother is a delusional Karen.
We have fights that can even get physical, she never severly injured me but still. She's a transphobe and a homophobe (as most boomers in Poland). She's very controling about my life choices, friends, appearence and basicly everything. She even tried to install a localisation app on my phone (I mess with it all the time because I'm studying to be an IT guy)
I passed my school and I like it, I'm very good at what I'm suppposed to be doing on my profile and I'm very passionate about it but my shitty mother is trying to sign me up, without my consent, to a catholic school. Once more if you missed it in the title I am atheist and a TRANS guy, they will hate me there!
She wants us all to move cities, once again, without my consent. Because her surveyor bf needs to move to another city because of his job and wants to leave her stable goverment job because, once again, she's insane.
The guy has a kid and a even more delusional wife he never left because his scared of her. She tried to convince her kid (my step brother) to kill my mother (Karen).
So you can probably see why I do NOT want to move. 
She also wants me to no longer see my therapists and take medication I do need because she's crazy, I do NOT want that but I'm 16 so she can do whatever she wants with my life.
As I said before she works a goverment job in a corrupt af country so she can do whaterver she wants and we called cps several times but they don't help at all.
So I want to do some illegal shit to end up in a juvenile detention or psych ward.
I just want her to stop destroying my life and to be able to get therapy.
I'll do whaterver it takes just please help, I don't know what to do anymore. What I do know I will not change schools!
(I'm writting the post from my friends account with her and she'll send me everything you guys say)