Hey I wrote a short story, didn't edit it or anything so it's probably not that good and i know if i do then I'd probably delete it. So ig to whoever reads it, thank you The breeze of the northern winds heading south for the winter, the soft but firm feeling of the wind against his skin. The waves clashing along the shore, as if they were two sides of a war colliding on a battlefield. For a moment the air stood cool, the sound of the beach which had become all too familiar to him, had faded. It felt as if the air itself had stopped. He began walking along the beach, the noise still drained from reality. As he looked outwards into the mystery that is the ocean, to him everything had stopped. Waves sat perfectly balanced in their high arcs, the petals of the flowers littering the beach stood still. The wind that had kicked up the leaves from the trees that stood nearby, stood perfectly and utterly still. As he wondered through this land that he had called home, it was unfamiliar, and unknown to him. The topography of the area remained the same, but in this moment in time, it became something overwhelming. As he searched for any hint of movement, he noticed the birds in the sky sitting still. He had walked, and walked, and walked. Yet, it all began to feel the same. His new world was this of no sound, no stimuli, all he knew anymore was silence and stillness. It was a long while before he looked behind him, the way he had came. As he did something felt new, as if it had remained untouched. He looked at the sand which had not moved an inch despite him walking through it. The waves that still reach towards the heavens, but no one hearing their cries. In the midst of all this chaos there was a glimmer of hope. A small, black figure soaring through the sky. Slowly encroaching on him. The figure had no details from such a great distance, or perhaps it had no detail. The blur of darkness slowly began spreading, as if it were a growing infection. He began on his journey away from this plague, he had not known what it is, but it made him feel discomfort. As he walked he heard the rush of the waves, as if everything had resumed, but alas, nothing. He watched the waves, slowly part as if they were accepting him. The waves remained in their stone like way, it was as if a cavern were opening up before his eyes. In this he felt comfort, safety, and as if it were where he belonged. As he walked between the colossal blue walls, he watched the fauna of the ocean frozen in ice. The fish and mammals all in their various times. He looked skyward and the plague of the black blur spread slowly but surely through the bright sky. As he walked he looked at the sea dollars and snails along the ground. The coral that covered the sea floor. Eventually, he saw a woman. Nothing about her specifically struck out to him, but the woman stood there, in the middle of the ocean. As if she were on her own journey before time had stopped. He drew close to her, and she dawned a deep blue dress, her hair is done up in a tight bun. She looked as if she had come from a ball or a gala, she was beautiful but nothing was distinguishing. As he was within an arms length of her, her hand outstretched to his. He took her end, and just in the blink of an eye, time had began where it had ended. The waves clash, closing the gap as if it were never there. As if he was never there. As if they had never seen one another. The ocean sweeps away what little proof of them ever entering it's icy depths. 