Fuck guys Someone made a post here saying “fuck girls”, so why not fight fire with fire and say, FUCK GUYS. 
Not all guys, but certain types of guys. 

This is dedicated to the fucking horny negative IQ guys.  If you say “send nudes”, make chad memes, or is just sexist in general, this post is for you. 

If you’re nice, respectful, not sexist and stuff, then this post is NOT dedicated to you. Thank u for being respectful if you are like this. 

••••

So simps....

You guys are here thinking we’re your sex toys. I’m sure me and the girls here are tired of receiving messages saying,“Send thicc thighs”, you pathetic horny fucks.

Girls were not created to arouse men. Guys use us like FUCKING TOYS. FUCK YOU. If you’re a pathetic virgin that jerks off to hot video game characters and you ask girls to send nudes, go to fucking hell. You make us not wanna be girls.

Some of you guys think we’re weak. Well guess fucking what, we bleed every month, we get fucking cramps, we give birth which is one of the most painful things ever, and all you guys do is get horny and ask girls to send thick thighs. Everyday we have to be careful outside since there might be some weird dude who might kidnapp and rape and sell us, yes, WE DEAL WITH THIS EVERYDAY. Girls can’t even wear the clothes we want, like if a girl wants to show her skin, she can’t do it without a guy staring at her boobies. (Personally I’m thinking about wearing one of those things you wrap around your chest so it looks like you don’t have boobs because IM UNCOMFORTABLE ALL THE TIME) 

And if you see a girl without makeup, you’ll say, “she’s ugly”. Like we don’t have to look pretty for you guys lmfaooo. WE ARE NOT YOURS. 

And fuck the girl stereotype, that we like tik tok and cute toys and makeup and all that stuff. Some girls do like those things, but NOT ALL OF US. FUCK YOU 

The moral of the story: It’s hard being a girl, so stop being a fucking dick. Y’all shit on girls all the time, as simple as Chad memes and [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/k6mpvt/fuck_girls/?utm_source=share&amp;amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;amp;utm_name=iossmf). Also fuck the simps, they’re fucking troglodytes. 

Again, this is only for the shitty guys, not all. A lot of you guys are amazing and cool. 

Thanks for listening to my Ted talk ✌️

Edit: lmao you guys are sad, some yall really getting salty of this post. Ima lose hope in humanity. 

Look I know that men have hard lives too. Maybe lives as hard as women, but more when it comes to society. The toxic mindset of men “not having feelings and have to toughen” up makes things hard but this post is dedicated to a women’s problem about horny men. Stop being fucking selfish for once. 

I’m tired so I won’t check comments for a while, so if you wanna argue or comment some shit, check the comments first