I hate it when my parents shout all the time. It makes me feel so shitty and bad. Why do Asian parents have to be like this? I just want them to be happy, it's not my fault I'm slow or dumb. She shouts and yells all the time, but the moment my voice is a point above ^^this she'll start off about how she'll kill me, how she owns me.
My mom is the reason I don't trust girls that much, she is so violent with her death threats and verbal and physical abuse (in the past). My dad is a know it all who is the most chaotic neutral person I've known.

I wish my grandpa was alive at least he was nice to me. I'm not sure if I'll even get to be 20. I hate it so much when she orders me around. I hate authority.

I'm a bi Boi living in Pakistan, I just want to relate to someone, it's not my fault I can't see "gods graciousness", it's not my fault I'm bi. It's not my fault I'm dumb, I used to be so smart. I was at the top of my class. I wonder if it's really me who's wrong.. Everyone else seems to be on the right way. They have friends they laugh, they mess around, they play. I don't have anyone I can tell about me. No one will accept me.


I just wish I'd sleep and not wake up again. She won't argue or shout at me anymore. I don't remember the last time she hugged me. The last time anyone told me they love me unconditionally.


Everybody has girlfriends, boyfriends and I'm not even on the "meh list" of attractiveness.


I'm so tired of the whole up down, up down situation. It makes me go crazy. One moment she'll say she wants to slit my throat and 5 minutes later she'll squeeze and kiss my hand when I'm sleeping. I don't want this. I don't want everything to be so disruptive.


My mom married at 20 to my father who is twenty years older than her. She wasted her youth and now it feels like she's mad at me and my brother for it.


My brother is such a jerk, he sits and sleeps all day. He doesn't do the dishes, he does not do chores. He has such an inflated ego and attitude.

Just promise that you'll never be harsh with your kids, they don't deserve your anger. They deserve all your love. 

If my wish ever comes true and if I stand in front of God when he questions me, he's getting a lecture.