I don’t understand my dad sometimes bruh My dads on a diet. Him and my mom both are on a diet which basically starves you to death for a month (it’s called Whole 30). And they have a few days left of the diet thingy. But tonight at dinner my dad was complaining about the diet. If I got a dollar for every time my dad complained about the diet, I’d have 300$. My mom was getting kinda frustrated at him because she says that he complains too much about this. But they get into this sorta fight and like he gets all mad at her while I’m still sitting there uncomfortable hearing it all unfold. Ans he says that like he’s gonna complain all he wants because it was his choice to do it and so on so forth. I start talking and say something along the lines of “if your just complaining to fill up empty space, then why complain at all?” Or something because he was saying he just complained sometime because he felt like it, and immediately after I say that, he becomes pissed. He goes on a five minute rant basically telling to my mom and I about how this is torture for him and how we can’t say anything because we don’t understand what he’s going through (even though my mom is doing the diet with him) and a lot of it was directed at me and at the end said “just wait till your 40, then you’ll understand how I feel” and stormed off. It just hurts man. It hurts because every single time I do that, he gets furious at me. I can’t say my mind and express how I feel without my dad yelling at me for having a different opinion than me. It just sucks man. After he storms off, in the next 5 hours he said one sentence to me saying goodnight and that was it. I said one sentence asking a question, and he ignores me for the rest of the night. Control your anger man! My sister and I both got that trait from him sadly, but we cannot control our anger very well. And my dad has never been able to control it. He always lets it out on me or my sister or even my mom. It just upsets me seeing him like that when I just asked a simple question. I hope this rant doesn’t get taken down like the last rant I wrote yesterday night. I just wanna let out my feelings, I’m not trying to be a karma whore. Thanks to the 3 people that read this far. Yeha.