Hey if someone is having a mental breakdown in class, maybe don’t make fun of them I go to a piece of shit school where unfortunately, most of the smart people are the trashy people. So I know this one girl, she’s alright but you can kinda tell she has something going on by some of her mannerisms and behaviour (I don’t mean this in a rude way, she has since told me that she does have a disorder). I’m sad to say that the next part was probably the best outcome of what could’ve happened since the bitchy half of the class had been separated.

So the substitute teacher isn’t there and we’re all just chilling and talking while we could. This girl is a theatre kid and she likes Hamilton so she was singing, unfortunately the people with her were making fun of her by encouraging her to sing. So I see this (the girl sits behind me) and tell one of the girls (a mutual friend) to just leave her alone and to stop being rude. Ten minutes later and the next thing I know I can hear commotion and I look over to se her scratching her head while humming a song and asking them to leave her alone. 

Now none of the people on that table knew how to handle this, one just kept telling her to stop and the the one making fun of her just kept saying listen I didn’t do this. By this point she’s ripping out her hair and luckily the teacher came in and took her out to talk. Now everyone starts making fun of her yet again but this time because she was ripping out her hair and talking about how scared of her they were. Me being a chad went and told them to all shut and to stop being such cows (oof still don’t know how I did that) and shouted about how they could see she wasn’t okay and should’ve let her be and not make fun of her. That wasn’t taken so well and I got pissed and moved to another table.

Later found out that the one who wouldn’t take the blame called me a bitch but eh we move. So I just wanted to say that this goes towards all mental heath problems and disorders. These people can’t control how they act or feel or come across, we all make silent judgments but it’s human decency not to voice them. 

Damm this is long, sorry about that