I wrote an essay about DaBaby if you guys would like to read. Dababy convertible essay that I wrote. (Took out the white people version because it was getting too long)

I was so compelled by the line, “I will turn a nigga into a convertible” uttered by the Rapper/Songwriter/ singer Dababy in his song, Suge by Dababy. That I wrote an entire essay about it. If you would like to share this essay with others than I am fine with that. Enjoy!    
    
In the song Suge by Dababy, The rapper utters the words “I will turn a Nigga into a convertible” This phrase may seem pretty outlandish and humorous, but he is actually being extremely poetic. There are three reasons that I have lined out to show what he could mean by the phrase, “I will turn a Nigga into a convertible” and why he is the most poetic rapper out there.    
    
Here I go...    
    
1. Since a convertible is a car without a hood/top. He either means take the top of the human body off or decapitating them. Thus killing the said person.    
    
2. He could also be referring to hood especially. Meaning he wants to make minorities in hoods and ghettos get richer. Truly a charitable person.    
    
3. The last meaning of this phrase is that he is likely trying to take someone's hat off / their weave or haircut. Stripping a person with their haircut can lead to a very humiliating situation for the victim.    
    
For 1. and 3. He is most likely mad at someone. The most likely meaning is 1. because the song itself is aggressive and talks about killing people. 3. Cannot be ruled out though. 2. Has to be the least likely as Dababy sounds like he would like to hurt or humiliate someone, the opposite of number 2.    
    
In conclusion, the most likely meaning to the phrase, “I will turn a Nigga into a convertible” is number 1. This is because of the aggressive ideas portrayed in the song and that he might actually blow or take a minority especially black people's head off and kill them. Which is the literal meaning of the term, “I will turn a Nigga into a convertible” uttered by the Rapper/Songwriter/ singer Dababy in his song, Suge by Dababy. Further proving that he is the most creative rapper out there.    
    
Thank you for coming to my TedTalk.