I know I need to redo this I have this really big project for science where I have to basically run an experiment and evaluate the results. We came up with experiments last year, before COVID, and put our ideas on the back burner for this year. So now we have to do our experiments in the pandemic, which makes it more complicated. I have limited access to supplies so I already had to change my research question. Last week I was in school so I got to collect my data but I have anxiety so it was really nerve-racking. I had to go around to different spots to set up cause 2 teachers got annoyed with me like I'm in school this is for a class where do you want me to do this? But I realized a little more than half way through...that I should've done more than 1 trial! Ugh! I wasn't sure what to do cause I thought people would look at me funny if I said I needed to redo it cause I made that dumb mistake. And I don't know some of the people who participated, they were just random people who were wandering in the hallway during a free. So like I would have to find a few new people and I didn't know where and I only had enough consent forms for my 10 subjects so I'd somehow need to print more. So...I just kept going, figuring it'd be ok. But the more I think about it I know it's going to look really bad if I only have one trial. This is supposed to be a complex project...and now I have no way of collecting data in person cause idk 10 people I can meet up with irl and school's closed again and won't open before the data's due. So I'll have to message her 2 days before the data's due to explain this stupid mistake and then video chat with 10 people, and they all need a tennis ball for the experiment. The good news is I'm in a huge gc with like 30 people and we have a discord server so enough people should be comfortable with video chatting me, I just need to make sure they have the tennis ball and a smooth wall...ughhh I hate anxiety sometimes it's so simple but I go and overthink