My girlfriend is massively depressed and very mentally unstable. Please, help me. We've been together for four months, known each other since childhood. We're very affectionate and talk quite a lot. 

That said, this year she finally started to open up her personal issues, before we even started dating officially. They... are concerning. I had confided in her a dark secret of mine (please don't judge) a hypnosis fetish that I had developed in childhood and was struggling to fight (and yes, it was the damn snake) which I had never told anyone but my parents about. This encouraged her to open up. She opened up.


She says she felt hopeless, like everyday something bad happens. She feels constantly pressured (which I can relate to since we both are gifted and face a lot of pressure) and feels that no one knows her for... her. She said she's been like that for a few years. We're in middle school, keep in mind. She says she had started cutting, and once planned to hang herself. She didn't see any point. She said her friends kept her mostly stable, as well as doing things she enjoyed. I was glad she told me, and she said she took therapy (so her parents were at least aware of it), so I reassured her that everything would be better.


It didn't.


School started up again. At first, it was good. Our friend group as a whole has mental health problems (I'm probably the most stable but even then the feitsh I mentioned, OCD driving me insane and my mild depression from family losses affected me) so it's very easy to confide in each other. I assumed she was doing better! Turns out, she had a better mask than I thought. Out of school, she told me that she was pop my slightly better, especially with me around. That made me feel good, since she gave me comfort in these dark times. All of that changed about a month ago, when she started sending me weird texts one after the other, and at the end she mentioned something that chilled me to the bone.

"This girl was three months clean, not anymore."

I immediately got hold of her parents, and then finally my GF answered my call. She was so... calm. Monotone. No emotion. She Her parents came in, she hang up, and then she texted back saying she wss fine. Thank god it was only a small cut.

Now she's spiraling. She seems perfectly fine at school, and when talking to me she's a wreck. Recently we had to go into virtual learning again. She's also been sick so many times that she has missed tons of days of school. She lacks motivation to any of it at home and would rather sleep all day in sorrow, and now it's affecting her intelligence since she's forgetting simple things. She's slowly failing school. I've even had to go to the lengths of secretly giving her my work to base her answers off of, which is the only thing keeping her up right now. Aside from band, she's really good in that. Sometimes she does assignments but forgets to turn them in, other times she'll keep holding it off. And whole I also have a procrastination problem it's nothing like hers. 

Therapy just also isn't working, and the school guidance counselor, who has been talking with her, is not a professional in mental health and she won't get any if that in HS anyway. The odds are against her and I'm scared for her. I'm trying my best but my best just isn't... the best. I'm like 90% she has bipolar disorder as well, and while she's never been diagnosed with anything but ADD the symptoms just line up too well, and even my own mother agrees with me.


My own mother is scared for me. I'm antisocial and prefer to stay indoors not out of distaste for people but sheer comfort. She's worried that my girlfriend is affecting me, dragging me into her rabbit hole. While she's fine with me helping her now (she's also been trying her best since she's my and my GF's math teacher) am I'm worried she'll pull me away from her. I love my mother, she raised me right and is an awesome parent, even if it sometimes seems like the opposite, but she's the kind of person who might do that, since she doesn't have a lot of mental health experience.

I want her to live. I want her to be happy. I just want her to be satisfied with life...


I'm trying to save a life. Please, any advice would be appreciated.