How not to get caught with your secret phone How not to get caught with your trap phone.

1:Always keep it on you. Unless your parents strip search you or pat you down this is the only way you 99% will not get caught with it. Personally I keep mine on in my pants held by my pants waist band on my body. (Maybe gross but it gets the job done.) If my pants aren’t super tight and my shirt isn’t to tight it’s completely unnoticeable. Only time it shouldn’t be on you is when your sleeping or going to or leaving school. For sleeping I recommend finding a good place you can hide it and easily get it immediately when you wake up. Personally I’ve found that putting it under my mattress does the trick. Then when going to or leaving school it would be almost impossible to pull something or put something into my pants at school so I’ve designed my backpack to hide it. In the morning before anyone knows I’m awake I put it in between some papers deep inside a folder. I have a lot of folders that have equal amounts of paper in them in my bag. Also my bag is a mess so it would take forever to search the whole thing. I tend to just leave a distinct marking that I would only know on the paper I hit it behind so I can find it faster at school. Like just leave it bent or something. At school I do the same thing when I leave. If you have the time you could also just put it take it off your body in the morning in the bathroom and put it back on before school is over. 

2:When charging it only charge it at school or when your home alone. 9/10 times I’ve almost been caught was when I was trying to charge it at home. 

3:When setting it up make sure you block all accounts that could possibly get you found, also make all new emails and accounts. Distance your digital foot print from your family as far as possible.

4:Don’t be stupid. Your going to have to take risks but take calculated ones. Also your going to have to step way out of your comfort zone so just forget about it now. Use your phone in the bathroom, outside far away, very late at night under the covers, but never out in the open, never during times that your parents could come in. Only exception is when your home alone of course.

5:Learn to lie and plan ahead. I’ve had to make up completely elaborate stories and put on a play with my “legal” phone that my parents knew about. You make plans on your “illegal” one. Well you better make those same plans on your legal one. If you had no way of knowing certain info in your parents POV, then your going to be accused of hiding things and put on high guard. Of course if your phone is on your body then they can’t find it.

This all is only really necessary if your parents are crazy