I recently found out I was sexually assaulted as a kid So, for the like. 3 people that may see this, I'm not going to talk about anything graphic or entirely obscene, as it never went that far, thankfully.


When I was in my first elementary school, I had 2 best friends. One of them eventually ended up bullying me, but much before that, one of them developed a crush on me. It was weird, because this was in 1st grade, so I tried to ignore it, mostly because I didn't understand that well.


To him, however, this wasn't something I should ignore, but instead be made aware of everytime I saw him. I always managed to change the subject when he said he loves me, but I guess he didn't take the hint. I don't really blame him, little kids aren't the brightest, but I think what he decided to do about it was still out of line, even for a kid.


After finally realizing I would never really reciprocate his love, he took it upon himself to touch and kiss me, obviously without my consent to it. I knew something was seriously wrong with what he was doing despite not knowing what it really was, but I still never told anyone. To me, it was really embarrassing and shameful, like it was my fault that it was happening. Because of this, whenever I asked my mom not to take me to go see him (his mom and mine were close friends), she thought I'd begun to hate him for no reason and hoped that if we just talked, we would be friends again.


This went on for about 5 (?) different times before him and his mom moved to a different town and I never saw him again after that.


Two or so years ago, I eventually told my mom about everything that happened and she said she had no idea and that she felt horrible for indirectly enabling it. I don't think she knew it was legally sexual assault however, as it wasn't brought up again.


From here, I'm not really sure what to do? Upon mentioning it to some online friends, I was met with the unanimous reaction of “sue him”, but when mentioning it to my older sister, she simply asked “Why are you telling me this?” and I decided not to bring it up with family again.


As for why I'm posting this all here, it just feels relieving to finally say it publicly, I guess. To me, what happened isn't a big deal and I don't know if I'll ever be able to take it seriously enough to do anything about it. It'll always seem like “kids doing dumb stuff” to me. 


Still, it kinda sucks to have had my first kiss stolen this way I guess.