Getting sick of everything So I'm a 17-year-old boy whose life has been boring and lonely for 16 years of it. From the day that I was born until the age of 16, I did not have someone who I would consider a friend. People who were my "friends" at that time only used me for my skills and they were manipulating me in every way. You might wonder why didn't I leave these people in the first place? The answer is that I had no idea that I was being used the whole time.

So I decided to make a change and start making real friends and talk to people. I started doing this back in March of 2020, I joined a GC and talked to people. In that GC a girl was doing self-harm and was suicidal, I decided to help her because I had nothing else to do at that time, little did I know that she was doing all of this for attention. So we became "good friends" and I was really happy because it was the first time that I had the chance to talk to a girl and become friends with one. The "friendship was very one-sided and she was cheating and lying every time, she even lied to me about her age the whole, I was ignoring these major red flags even though I know it was not right, I thought that if I stopped talking to that girl, no one else will. So fast forward into a few months, I meet another girl, and this time, the new girl helped me overcome all the lies and fakeness that I've been through, I easily got over that first girl. Things went really great for a long time and I was in my all-time high and  I was happier than ever.

Things were going really great until September of 2020 (3 months) with my new friend and I made a mistake that ruined everything and she blocked me out everywhere. A few days after the incident, we came back together but it was never the same as before. Fast forward to December, she stops talking to me completely because she was being uncomfortable with me. I went through some huge breakdowns and needed to visit a therapist which revealed that I've had some major issues including, anxiety disorder, social anxiety, abandonment issues, FOMO, and that I am a very sensitive person. For the entire month of December, I was completely alone and I tried making new friends because I lost the only one that I had, I tried finding new friends but it didn't work.

It was new year's eve 2021 that she started talking to me again and I was happy once again because I now have a friend after all of that hard time I went through. Fast forward to march and April 2021, she severely reduces the amount of conversation that we have and I only talked to her in a GC that we were in, very rarely in the DMs. Yesterday she told me that she wants to unfriend me for good and not talk to me again, she was sounding sarcastic because we quite often insult each other for fun, and I thought that she was just kidding like all the other times. But it turns out that it was not the case this time, she removed me as a friend on every social media and I left the GC that we were in because I'm sure that she was not talking because of my existence in there. And now I'm left with no friends or social life again.

She is a very straightforward person which is good and she told that I am a boring person, I'm not denying that at all. She was the most impactful and interesting thing ever to happen in my whole life. For my entire life, I've been emotionally and mentally abused by everyone surrounding me including my parents. I was always being victimized even when it was not my fault. No one ever committed to a real friendship with me except her, that's why she is the most important person in my life. Compared to most people I'm inferior and I have nothing to offer, but that doesn't mean that I won't put any effort into my friendships. For the entire time that we were friends, I always had her chat windows open (discord) and it was always covering up half of my screen even if we were not talking just to be prepared to reply on time. I changed my entire sleeping schedule just to not miss a single text from her, and I never said no to anything, if she ever asked to do anything, I was always doing it and I never let her down. She is the only person that I fully trust and feel comfortable around even though we live thousands of miles away from each other.

The average person might consider me very picky of choosing friends, and that's true. I completely lack self-identity and I tend to copy the person that I like or I'm talking to. That's one big reason why she didn't feel comfortable around me, I was listening to the same music she listened to and etc... But the truth is that I actually liked them because I never had any taste in basic things such as music, shows, choices, and everything else. That's why I need to be careful in choosing friends, I will easily get influenced by them.

And now I'm here again, starting from zero. No friends, No social life, Spending 11 hours a day on TikTok and achieving nothing due to lack of motivation, and I don't get a single notification the whole day.  Luckily I have 2-3 weeks of spring break right now and I don't have any school work. I'm really getting sick and tired of this. I always put the most effort into everything, and I always do my best in a friendship, and to add more to that, I only had 1 friend the whole time just so I can always be there for her. I was feeling content, but why does all my effort go into nothing. I promise you I'm doing my best, and I'm going overboard to be a good friend.

If you want some context about my personality, search these up: I'm an INTJ 6w5, and I have 4 Virgo placements in my big 6 (if you are into that). I'm not saying that these define my life or anything, but they have become major barriers in my life. I know I lack emotional intelligence and I don't have the best talking skills out there, but I'm still doing everything that I can.

I'm a simple person, I just want a friend, I just want to be a part of a group of GC (which I'm not at all now). Believe me, I'll do my best, and ill be fully committed. If you are my friend, I'm always available to talk to you in discord, TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, and everywhere else.

If you reached here, thank you for reading that and my DMs are open if you wanted to talk to say anything, and maybe even become friends.