My current situation and mental health. Before i go about my rant, there are things that i want to clear out first.

A) My dad is considerably rich, especially amongst the communities. 

B) I have 7 siblings, 5 of them is already working, one is closing in internship, one is still in school. The liability is on us three, with the one with the internship being the most with the liability.

C) My dad isn't in debt, especially when you consider that his phone broke and he bought a new one 3 times. Each costing him around 3-5 times more than my current phone. He is going to retire after 30 years of working, and according to my mom, has about millions in saving (in RM)

THOSE are my arguments against common arguments against me. 

Now, rant.

My phone right now costs about 200$, and my pc right now is in a really bad condition after more than 10 years of using. It was the family computer back when I was a toddler and now it is left to me. It cant run browser games without lag spikes and booting it up takes 15 or more minutes.

I have a passion with music and 3d art. The latter passion  was obtained when I borrowed my father's laptop which has an i5 and it blew me a way with the speed of it. I didn't know that browsers can be opened right after booting up without lag or hanging for minutes. Roblox actually ran at 60 fps and not 20 plus with spikes. And there I started discovering 3d art.

 Conveniently, my pc  broke just a few days prior to me discovering that my dad's laptop was WAYYYY faster than mine. I used it for months, especially during quarantine. But all I did was interrupting my dad's occasional work coming up to his retirement.

At this point, I still didn't have my phone. When I got my new phone in the beginning of may, my dad started to give reasons for me not to use his laptop anymore. I know it's his and I am interrupting, but all my hobbies and passion is in that device, other than my broken pc which cant even run a 3d software. 

And then the pc somehow was fixed. I couldn't turn on the pc but when I asked my dad to give it to the shop, for fixing, it just turned on fine, or at least that's what my dad wants me to believe. 

This poses a problem for me to get used to the old pc.
The songs I made now takes a long time and I cant even make art for the tracks. 


MY FEELINGS /MENTAL SITUATION.
At this point I know my dad deserves to treat himself but that only puts me down. Me asking for a 200 dollar phone is hard, let alone asking for a 750  dollar pc. Even trying to buy a 150 dollar i5 is difficult.

I feel hopeless, with nothing to do. THERES WAAY MORE TO THE STORY.

It only infuriates me that my next few years would be spent with this shitty pc.(the phone is fine but still, the cheap cost, especially compared to what he spends on himself and my other family members,  this is extra cheap).

I cant help but beg for a new pc because I dont want to spend the next years struggling to even booting up the pc.  Trying to make 3d art would be near impossible with potential hangings every movement of the camera of that software.

My only hope is for some gifts or surprise from someone and I know that is impossible and is only a speck of my dream and imagination.
Begging isnt gonna take me nowhere with my dad.
I'll just try to face the reality that I am just a spoiled last child asking for new stuff. Theres no surprises nor gifts from anyone.

Some siblings demotivate me from trying to even be passionate. One of them manipulates me to like her even when she's the one who troubles me the most with stress. She tells me I wont get anywhere with my music and 3d art and just tell me to go study and do it the 'normal way'. 

She tells me that I'm a spoiled child,  when we were on the way to get rid of our pet cat.
She insults me almost every time I ask for something (even little stuff like water or food).

She tries to get me to like her by playing nice, like all of that never happened. 

Like I said, theres more to this story but that's the only thing that I'd share now.