A Terrible, Terrible Bird To preface this I love (or loved, depending of what subsequent birds do to me) birds, birds are very cute and fluff but this bird was out with a vendetta against me and I hate it and it probably hates me.  I am posting this because of my incredible hatred for it and I need somewhere to vent all this anger.

Earlier today I was baking sugar cookies for fun and because I was bored. I set a batch of cookies on a plate in the kitchen to rest, to let the icing harden. Later, while I was in the living room table icing more cookies, I heard a tink tink sound like metal on ceramic while eating. At first I thought "huh my neighbours sure eat really loudly" and continued to ice my cookies. Then I happened to take a glance at the kitchen and I saw a BIRD FLYING OUT OF MY KITCHEN WINDOW. My kitchen window has grates but obviously not small enough for this bird, or just that this bird SAW MY COOKIES resting on the kitchen counter AND HAD THE AUDACITY TO JUST FLY IN AND EAT THEM.

I went into the kitchen after the bird flew off and I noticed some of the cookies had been pecked at. (btw this bird is an EXTREMELY messy eater) So I just tossed those cookies into the trash can and went back to ice my other cookies.

After about another 5 minutes I hear a rustling in the kitchen. I now know better so I go back in to check. I don't see anything out of the ordinary so I go back. I hear even more rustling. I go back further into the kitchen, and when I looked left, it's THAT DANGED BIRD DROPPING THE COOKIE FROM ITS MOUTH AND FLYING OUT OF THE WINDOW

This damn bird flew back into my kitchen because it knew there were cookies and then went into my trash can to find the cookies
wtf is wrong with this bird
does it not know manners
it's so terribly rude
I absolutely hate it
I am seething with rage 
My day is completely ruined due to this terribl terrible bird

This bird had THE AUDACITY to COME BACK INTO MY KITCHEN and DIG UP MY TRASH JUST FOR A COOKIE????

I am so incredibly peeved right now
I closed all my doors and windows and just hoped the bird wouldn't come to assault me and everything I love again
As I prepared to leave the house for dinner, I heard bird calls outside

It may not be the same bird
but the NERVE of it to stay and keep yelling at me

I hope the bird didn't come back in and wreck the house when I was gone

My boyfriend told me to "stab it" to "make it pay for its crimes" and I seriously considered that if it ever came back, but I thought about the mess of blood and organs and a dieseased carcass of a bird that I just let the thought go.

I will never have my vengeance against this shitty ass bird :(



At least most of my cookies are okay though :)