My parents are so careless This is gonna be a rant about my relationship with parents just because I'm tired of the useless stressful environment they keep up. My father lost his job and now does nothing but sit half naked all day infront of the TV and make fun of my brother and I for knowing stuff about superhero and sci-fi genres; like the man seriously bullies us for knowing how many batmen have been on screen or because we're exited for a new videogame. On the other side, my mother turned from the parent I'd turn to when I was upset to this monstrous Karen lady that I'm not even sure I recognize anymore. I try to be the best son I can be but I'm not perfect and I can't be perfect but she doesn't see any of that; she started her own e-shop to help bring an actual income to the household but it's made her stress SO fucking much that she now verbally abuses my sister and I every week to the point where I wish she wasn't my mother anymore, its heartbreaking for us to see that we can't trust her or turn to her for comfort. Dont get me wrong, I highly appreciate her acting out and trying to make money but when I explained to her that I need to go to a psychiatrist for other reasons she just didn't get it and told me we can spend the money on more useful things right now. And this brings us to the most recent incident, I'm supposed to apply to university and I have but they won't take my papers because they're missing 2 grades (4th and 5th grades) from when I was a student in another country so it's against the rules to take any papers until they're all available to be taken by the university. This is my parents' fault because I was a literal child back then and couldn't do anything about it. 

So just to sum up, my father bullies my brother and I.
My mother verbally and sometimes physically abuses my sister and I because she's stressed.
Both my parents fight and argue so frequently that my siblings and I are entirely 100% convinced that they'll break up their marriage in just a matter of time. They sometimes blame us for their fights despite us having nothing to do with their shit. It's super stressful to live in this environment and I can't wait to leave this shitty shitty household and never look back. (I live in a 3rd world country btw so thats why I haven't moved out yet, rent is so expensive that I'd need a stable full time job first in order to move out)