Don’t think I’ve had one girl in my life that was a real friend I don’t wanna come off as incely or something because I don’t hate women or anything, it’s just that everyone of them that I have had some sort of relationship with (platonic) tends to fuck me over sooner or later. I was friends with this one girl since freshman year and we’d hang out all the time I even got back into skating so I could teach her how to skate, we even had prom plans but those got fucked by Covid. All in all a good time. Fast-forward to now shes in college and she can’t even take a few seconds out of the day to text me back. Like I understand people drift apart over time and all but I just don’t understand we hung out all summer and literally the first week of college you can’t even talk to me anymore? It’s not like I’m asking for much just a “hey how’re doing” would have been fine. Even now the whole thing that prompted me to write this shit a girl that literally lives up the street who’s my supposed “best friend” wouldn’t let me stay the night at her house, even though my power was knocked out by the storm and I’m in my house freezing my fucking ass off. She just says “uhhh no” like what kind of fucking best friend are you even supposed to be? You can’t even give me a bit of help? You literally bring random dudes over all the time, and I’m not trying to judge her or anything thats her business but cmon give me a fucking bone here. So I tell her to go fuck herself and she’s got the nerve to be upset with me. In hindsight I don’t even know why me and her are friends we don’t do anything friendly and no conversation we have ever has a bit of substance, I don’t even think she genuinely gives a fuck how I’m doing I don’t even know if she’s ever even asked. The story’s don’t end there I’ve got plenty of others of being left out to dry. I know this probably seems weird I’m damn near 20 talking about how shit my female friendships are It’s just that it’s the only thing on my mind since I just woke up and saw her texts. had to get this out somehow. Guess I’ll end this by saying I’m sure there’s plenty of girls out there that are good people or whatever they are just fucking impossibly hard to find, or maybe I just have horrible luck, maybe its my fault, I might just deserve the shit I don’t fucking know man.