I feel like a horrible person Hey everyone,  
Much things are going on lately making me more fragile than I was before (which was still a lot)

One big thing that happened to me that made me sad and fragile, was that my friend that I knew from my childhood and which I spent so much time laughing with is in fact a big arshole : he blames me for everything, insults me and things like that, so I cut every way of communciations between us, but it still hits hard to know that someone I knew for 15 years is in fact the worst turd the world has known.  
That made me really sad, I still cry about it sometimes  


Background :  
I've been in the same class for 4 years, including a girl that we'll call Julia.  
So, I've been in the same class as Julia for 4 years, and I've built a relationship very strong as a friend (I've always struggled with making friends, especially after getting bullied in 6th grade, and even more with girls) and I knew I wanted to go further. So, a year ago, I told her.  
And I did good ! She said yes !  
BUT  
I'm a fuck\*ng dumbass : i was just so afraid of being in a "serious" realtionship that I used a REALLY dumb excuse to break up with her.  
I still hate myself for that. Because I loved her.

Then the big mistake I made 1 month ago that led me to hate myself, and the breakdown of today :  
So 1 month ago, I confessed that I still loved her, and excused for being such a dumbass bcs of what happened last year, and I was a bit confident : she changed class and knew no one, of who could she fall in love in 2 weeks ?

Boi, I was wrong  
She was dating a guy, and I asked her like 2 days after they started dating. So, I could've possibly ruined a relationship.  
So she said something in the lines of :

  
\-"yeah, sorry OP, but, I'm dating someone, and I love you"

*Big blank*

\-***"as my bestfriend"***

&amp;#x200B;

Oh, ok. Well, no problem, I'll just go one, that's no big deal! 

Boi, I was wrong. *2cnd time*

And I thought that bcs the relationships she had for the last years only generaly lasted 3 weeks, maybe I still have a chance and she'll break up someday.

I Fucking hate myself for thinking that. I thought that i still had a chance for a girl that clearly said "no", and hoped she'll break up ! When I think about it, I just disgust myself  
And today, in her snap story, it showed her boyfriend huging her dog, and saying *"my 2 babies &lt;3"*

I just feel like the worst human turd, and with all the things that happened lately, that just makes it worst.

I don't want anyone saying "ThAt'S JuSt TeEnAgErS sToRy, GeT AloNG WiTh It !", I really feel bad, I just need to vent and some advices, I feel like the worst human for having thoughts like this.  
Please, help me