GEN Z CULTURE THROUGH DMS WITH [Redacted]: A STUDY Wrote this a while ago, it's basically an over-examination of things a friend has sent me. It's not really meant to be serious. Enjoy!

 ...

QAD (Quaque Alternis Die, meaning every other day), I Direct Message (send one-on-one messages to) \[Redacted\] the colloquial English term "cum" (pronounced "kəm").

This is a reference to up-and-coming Gen Z teenage culture; a subcategory of which includes an interesting phenomenon in which male teenagers try to best each other with increasingly 'risky' terms or phrases. “Cum”, the informal expression for semen ejaculated by a man at an orgasm, has been an increasingly popular term within the last decade, galvanized by Gen-Zers as one of the many words that can be used to disrupt the social 'status quo'.  Gen Z culture phenomena can generally be explained by early childhood gender-differentiated social relations that clashed with middle-to-late-childhood established sexual and social script breakdown --i.e. reassertion of ideas that formed from broader social movements that began in 2016-- which has generally unified Gen Zers together against outside forces. Other phrases and terms used widely and openly by this new generation include "poggers," "gamer," “sus,” and a plethora of abbreviations, some of which bled over from millennial culture like "lol" and "lmao." The open use of these terms by Gen Z compounded over higher activism rates could imply a greater shift away from conservative societal views. A popular term utilized to describe those who still have faith in older systems is "boomer," a play on "baby boomers", i.e. those born 1946–1964, who are more likely to subscribe to conservative-based media.

On January 4th, 2021, otherwise noted as 1/4/2021, for the first time ever, \[Redacted\] finally responded back to my Direct Message in a similar fashion to my original term. Recently, my hard work has paid off further, after my continuous tirade of messages has finally received another, more interesting response. On January 18th, 2021, otherwise known as 1/18/2021 or 18/1/2021 in other parts of the world including but not limited to France, Mexico, Spain, Argentina, and Romania, \[Redacted\]'d response was quite peculiar. "Nae". This response was copied multiple times within a few seconds, known to youth culture as "spam," where one word or phrase is constantly sent through messaging apps or other forms of media for a given amount of time, amounting to tens if not hundreds of rapid-fire repetitions. Surprisingly, "Nae" actually has more than one meaning.

The older reference is to Hip-Hop/Rap artist Silentó's (pronounced sīlənt-ō) award-winning 2015 song "Watch Me," which's melodic prose included the famous lyrics "Now watch me whip / Now watch me nae nae", has become increasingly popular in Gen Z culture, as monosyllabistic words gain traction for being easy to say and type. The "Whip" and "Nae nae" quickly became popular dance moves, filling up social media sites in a flash as hopeful dancers took on the challenge to create the best videos and choreographies. Unlike the grand majority of songs, "Watch Me" and its forthcoming dance moves continued to stay in the spotlight for a while, and has stayed a part of Gen Z's background, continuing to affect how they develop to this day. In this sense, when one says “Nae”, especially when said multiple times, it could be referencing “Watch Me”’s “Nae Nae” dance, as a way of expressing satisfaction with a current situation.

In April of 2018, Chinese artist 大張偉 Wowkie Zhang released his hit song 陽光彩虹小白馬 (Sunshine Rainbow White Pony). His rise in Mandarin pop was not missed by American listeners, who heard his verses "内内个内内 / 内个内个内内" as "Nae Ni--a Nae Nae Ni--a Ni--a Nae Nae" Nae's accompanying phrase in English is known for its long history as being used as a racial slur, and the uttering and writing of it by someone who does not have an African American background is looked down upon and not conventionally appropriate, even if they have nothing to do with American culture. However, as mentioned previously, a specific subcategory of Gen Z culture includes an interesting phenomenon in which male teenagers try to best each other with increasingly 'risky' terms or phrases. In this sense, "Nae" becomes a sort of challenge to another male teenager, who most likely does not have an African American background, testing to see whether he will continue the phrase. If this was \[Redacted\]'s intention, I am truly honored to be considered one of the few to which he would be willing to challenge for expressional dominance.

No matter which type of "Nae" \[Redacted\] was referencing, his one-word response truly illuminates how deep Gen Z culture can go, and how even the most seemingly-common phrases can have a much deeper and vibrant significance to the youth.  
Finally, to end my research, as It appears that \[Redacted\] is on the verge of blocking (ending all means of one-to-one communication with) me, on multiple dates (November 11th 2020, December 2nd, 2020, December 25th, 2020), \[Redacted\] had stated that he had a "GF" (shorthand for "girlfriend", meaning a female which he is in a relationship with), and went on to post an image of her twice once he was pressured to do so (December 25th, 2020, January 19th, 2021). After reverse image searching these pictures, I have learned that these are actually of Roseanne Park, better known by the mononym Rosé, a vocalist in the Kpop (Korean Pop) group "Blackpink." While I find it doubtful that she is, in fact, \[Redacted\]’s "GF", it was useful to continue to observe his behaviors when talking about her. Going as far as to propose myself as a suitable mating candidate, \[Redacted\] rejected (turned me down; said no to) me and remained loyal to his supposed GF. When asked probing questions about his relationship with this Blackpink vocalist, \[Redacted\] became defensive, telling me to "stop" and "leave her out of this" and "stop using me for your experiment". Ignoring the latter, I will hopefully continue to probe further into this relationship as time goes on. Gen Z's tendency to get into fictional relationships with people in positions of social power (i.e. famous) has been passed down from previous generations, akin to Millenial's love of Mariah Carey and Gen X's love of ooga booga and rocks. Another category of this "fake love" is called "waifuism", where lonely males embrace the 2D (animated) world and hold it above the "3d" (real) world. Male love of Animated Japanese characters has not only plagued the Gen Z generation in which it has been almost-normalized, but Millenial and in rare cases Gen X generations as well. In the later years, we may have to eradicate this degeneracy. I hope and pray that \[Redacted\] stays on the "3D" side of the spectrum.

My study of Gen Z culture through DMs with \[Redacted\] has ended, as he has blocked me on my main messaging platform. As we have seen in the previous entries, it may take us years to entirely learn all of the nuances of Gen Z culture, but my continued immersion means that I will continue to learn and expand my knowledge of Gen Z.