My cousin (6m) can't watch me play Minecraft Back story: My cousins, 11F, 9M, and 6M, are on vacation with me, 13M, and my family. We stay at a cabin with a several TVs in it. I take my Nintendo Switch to a TV and set it up. My cousins have, like, 3 Nintendo Switches, but only have 2 games on each, while mine has 25-ish. So, naturally, they go to mine. After waiting 3-4 hrs, I got a turn, and play Minecraft online. They can't join split screen when I am online, keep this in mind. I played some Bedwars, Minerware (Minigame Battle) and go to Skyblock. This iteration of Skyblock has missions with it, so I needed to clear space for one of them. That required knocking out a mob farm with 4 spider spawners and 3 zombie spawners. When I get to (attempting to) remove the spawners, I encounter 20 or so mobs. Some escape and I hunt them down. This caused a lot of cheering and gasping when I got rid of them, that my uncle came to the TV. Here is how the conversation went:

U: Is that Minesweeper?

Me: Minecraft, yes.

U: 6M cannot watch you play this, it has giant spiders in it, and it caused him nightmares on multiple occasions. (Several months ago)

6M: No, I don't have nightmares anymore, can I please watch?

U: No, 6M needs to come upstairs until you stop playing.

All cousins, several times: No, he doesn't get scared by this anymore, let him watch!

U: *Takes 6M upstairs*

Me: *Changes game*

Me: OK, I changed the game, he can play now.

U: Is that Minesw- Minecraft?

Me: No, he can play now, right?

U: Yes, he can now play.

My cousins and I played for a bit, and we had fun. I later asked why 6M couldn't watch me play. Apparently, he had nightmares from being in a desert cave and fighting a spider. A spider. Super easy to kill, have seen him kill them before, but he got scared by that. He died and respawned in the dream, but he seemed fine watching me kill 5 spiders at the same time. IDK what happened there.

TL;DR: I play Minecraft, Cousin gets in trouble for it because of a nightmare that caused no trauma to him and a lot of trauma to Uncle. If you ask why this isn't on r/insaneparents, the parent in question wasn't insane, or crazy for that, just weird and overworked, so I don't heavily blame him for that.