I need help. I’m not sure how to say this, but I feel like I just need to get this off my chest. Prepare for a lot of words.

Last year I moved schools, and with it came meeting a bunch of new people, new friends, teachers, whatever. I’m okay with that, I can talk to new people.

Fast forward to the start of this year, and I find myself having a crush on this girl. We’ll call her Chelsea (not her real name). Luckily, I’ve been hanging out with Chelsea for a while, and we’ve gotten to be pretty good friends. It gets to the point where I’m ready to ask her out, so one night over text I get ready to send her that message.

This also happened to be the night she was planning to ask me out!

So that turned out pretty well, and then we were “together”. I saw this, because we both admitted that we liked eachother, but nothing else really came of it. We texted every night, I made her laugh, she made laugh... it was a simpler time.

So by the end of the term we had gotten pretty close, and I was at a weird point in our relationship where I wasn’t sure if I should ask to meet outside of school, or something. That never ended up happening, she told me “it didn’t feel right” two weeks into the holidays

Ah well. At the time I was pretty upset, but I wasn’t too badly devastated as the relationship hadn’t gone too far.

That’s when the next term rolls around. I notice that Chelsea was still sitting next to me, still laughing at my jokes, so we remained friends. This was until the end of the term, where believe it or not, she asked me out again.

Of course I still liked her. I’m the sort of guy who doesn’t move on easily, so of course I went for her the second I got my chance. I knew that I was lucky to get a second shot, so I made sure I didn’t blow it.

I took her out, we sat on a park bench all day, we cuddled, it was truely the best experience I’ve ever had. It stayed like this until early into next term.

In the second week of the next term, she was out with her friend in the city when a man assaulted her and her friend. Apparently he came up and abruptly grabbed them, let go and then ran away. (The guy couldn’t be identified, so they couldn’t lay any charges)

Of course in a time like this, I wanted to help. I knew that perhaps I should take a step back from the physical contact unless she clearly wanted it, as I didn’t want to make her feel uncomfortable. I still texted her, I checked up on her to make sure she was okay every night, I talked with her every recess and lunch to check in, and overall, I felt like she was starting to feel better about three weeks after the incident

One thing I hadn’t noticed in this time period was another person she was talking to (we’ll call him Tom). I hadn’t taken notice of it, and honestly I really didn’t mind if she talked to other boys due to how close at that point in time. I had no idea what that would lead to.

Turns out Tom had been friends with Chelsea well before I joined the school, and he had also been comforting Chelsea on a night to night basis... hm, okay... I guess that’s alright, she still talks to me waaay more than him.

A week later she sends me a screenshot of a text Tom had sent her. He wanted her to stay away from me, because it made him feel depressed when I was around her at school

Okay... that’s weird. Tom was a friend though, and I didn’t have anything against him, so we only hung out in secret at school, and on weekends.

Moving forward a couple of weeks, Tom had realised that we had seemed to stop hanging out, and said that he felt okay. Chelsea and I clearly mis-interpreted the message, because we began to hang out again at school. 

Turns out that Tom did not like this, and began telling Chelsea that “it was all wrong” and started (in my opinion) being really controlling over text
He said things like “you need to stop hanging around him, he’ll break your heart” and at the end of EVERY day he checked with her to see if she had been around me that day.

This went on for FOUR WEEKS. And yes. I know. I should have said something, but at the time, she told me she loved me. She told me that I was her #1. I truly thought that we would stay together for a very, very long time.

Until everything stopped.

One day, out of the blue, she left me a long note in my locker. TL;DR of it: “I don’t love you anymore. I don’t feel like I want a relationship at this point in time. I’m sorry. We can still be friends...”

This was what really got me. I had felt like I was the king of the world for a little over a term, and it all came crashing down at once. Little things I always enjoyed seemed meaningless. I didn’t want to get out of bed. I resented going to school, and seeing her. I still loved her.

The worst part was: Tom had gotten what he wanted. He started hanging around her more and more, until I was completely out of the picture. I’m writing this four weeks after all of this happened, and I truly feel depressed. My grades fell from mostly A’s to rarely getting B’s.

I had lost all motivation to keep going. Every day, I have to go to school, and watch her walk around with him, laughing with him, smiling with him.

They’re dating now. Four weeks after “she didn’t want a relationship”. She hasn’t told me, but I know. I can’t watch it, it burns me to the core every time I see it. I still love her.

It gets worse though. She started ghosting me, leaving me on read. The one person I felt like I could always rely on to share my feelings had been yanked from me. This is why i turn to reddit. I have no idea what to do, if I should try to get with her again, if I should go through the long, and seemingly impossible path of moving on from her.

Anyway, if you made it this far, thanks for reading, you seem to care a lot about a random kid in year 9 with self harming issues on the internet. Really, thank you.