The time I almost got fired for pretending Garfield's favorite food was Spaghetti  (I originally wrote this in the comments of [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/jwulcn/anytime_garfield_comes_up_in_conversation_i/), felt it deserved to be posted properly.)

i  used to work at an ice cream shop  near a plaza and some docks; my boss  was from communist romania, (he  loved to remind us), he had come here  and established his own business. i  was one of maybe six employees, and  was fifteen at the time. (the work  was pretty awful; the actual shop  part was a breeze, but once a week we  had to unload a 18 wheeler full  of frozen duffle bags full of ice cream  boxes, only half of which had  handles. id guess the bags were maybe  80-100 pounds each. that's awful  already, considering im a 5'2" teenage  girl, but the truck was also  like -20 and it was usually like 95  outside, so id go into the truck,  throw the bags into the back of a  pickup, and then get out and sit in  the back while the driver took us  about 2 minutes away to the walk-in  freezer. during that drive, i'd  sweat, but once we got to the freezer,  the sweat would freeze. then melt  on the way back, then freeze in the  truck. then melt again... i used to  have icesicles coming off of my hat  and ponytail. the whole truck would  take maybe 6 hours with four of  us-- we didnt always get four --and we  had to empty the bags and sort  the boxes in the freezer with almost no  light, so yeah, maybe the worst  job ive ever had.) To be clear, I  definitely don't hate the guy, man  was one of the friendliest people  I've ever met, but maybe he shouldn't  have hired a teenager to help  handle the really difficult parts of his  business.  
I mention all of  this because context is very important  here; He used to sit in the back  for the first half of the day, doing  computer shit, criticizing us,  throwing things if we cursed near  customers, and during his lunch break  he would eat a ham and mustard  sandwich while reading the comic strip  section in the newspaper and  laughing like santa claus, but his mouth  was ALWAYS full. after he left  and we went into the office to grab the  keys, you could see the wall  he faced that had pictures of his family on  it just covered in yellow  mustard spittle, like a shotgun spread.  anyway, if one of us walked  past him during that window, to take the  trash out or go on break or  something, he would always pull us aside and  point at it, laughing,  usually saying the punchline that got him. There  was, of course, one  glorious exception:

"BAAHAHA.... THE GARFIELD CAT!!"

He NEVER pointed out the punchline. I think he just liked how he looked or something. He did say *"HE HATES ZE MONDAYS!"*   sometimes too, but mostly he'd just roar out GARFIELD CAT!! and lose   his mind, choking on his sandwich sometimes. Anyway, this time I had   JUST gotten in from like, six hours of grueling   ice-cream-truck-freezer-dufflebag-HELL, and as soon as I walked through   the door he GRABBED my shirt and pulled me down, laughing, splattering   mustard in my face, laughing about garfield. Now, at this point, I was   just about fucking done. His breath stank, I was sweating and  shivering,  not to mention this was all for minimum wage. I had done the  garfield  bit twice before, but not so die-hard; I'd fuck with them for  a minute  or two then burst out laughing. This time, it was WAR. I  burst out  laughing too, instantly winning me an oscar, and returned  volley;

"AHAHAA, the SPAGHETTI CAT!!"

He stopped in PLACE. No more laughing, no more mustard. He turned to me, genuinely shocked at my misunderstanding.  
*"You not mean the Lasagna?"* he asked. I shook my head, looking at him quizzically (instantly snagging my second oscar); *"No no, Garfield's favorite food is definitely spaghetti."*  
He   grumbled about it, searched the paper, but that strip didn't mention   it. The next day I came into work though... he was VERY quick to grab me   again, pretty much YANK me over to the desk and point out that TODAY'S   paper had a picture of the lasagna that Garfield was eating;   unfortunately for him, it did not have the word lasagna written. I   claimed it was spaghetti, he was very visibly frustrated, but then we   had a rush and he let me go. The next day, same deal, but this time it   had it written; I had the balls to just laugh and say *"Wow, this is a really elaborate joke you're pulling on me!"* and he went BALLISTIC. *"NO, the PAPER SAYS LAH-ZAGG-NAH! NOT SPAH-GET-EE!"*  
He   was very adamant about it for the rest of the shift, not even caring   that customers were there, but I acted TOTALLY unfazed by it; I'd scoop   their cones and checkout all while he trailed me like 'HOW CAN YOU  THINK  THE GARFIELD CAT EAT SPAGHETTI!! THERE IS NO NOODLE!!' and I'd  reply  with some total BS and confuse/frustrate him even more.  
I finally broke near the end of the day (HE STAYED LONGER TO TALK ABOUT THIS WITH ME) when he whispered to himself *"Does poor girl not know difference? Her mother..."*  
I just couldn't take it. I laughed for like, two seconds, but he caught on; I think his phrasing was *"YOU! YOU HAVE BEEN A TRICKING ME!"*   and he started bellowing about it again. We both fuckin cried about   that for maybe an hour, and we closed early. Before I left, he said I   was *"Very funny girl"* but I was   lucky he found out it was a joke, because he was losing sleep over it,   and he couldn't handle working with me. I laughed again and we said   goodbye; I got a new job a few months later with much better pay and   less manual labor, and he bought me some spaghetti from the pizzeria   across the street as a parting gift on my last shift labeled 'lasagna.'

Jesus   that's a long post, but it's one of my favorite stories... glad to  have  it catalogued somewhere. Hope you guys enjoyed reading haha.