My step dad doesn’t acknowledge me and it’s starting to kinda upset me. Sorry for grammar issues im kinda rushing on typing this so there’s a lot of grammar issues.

Let me start off by mentioning im trans (ftm), and that’s where the “making fun of” comes from.


It seems like the past month my step dad completely ignores me, and when he DOES talk to me he’s usually yelling or making fun of me. And he doesn’t seem to care about me as much as he does for my siblings. Since i do online school i usually am sitting on the sofa all day just doing my assignments, and with my adhd i get distracted from it really easily. well my mom always makes sure i’m concentrating, but my step dad could walk by me as i’m literally not working at all, watching yt or making a likee vid or something, and he just doesn’t care. he simply looks at me, doesn’t say anything, ignores it and walks away. but it’s completely different with my brothers since they’re his real kids. they could simply reach out to pet a cat during schoolwork and he throws a fit about them slacking off. and keep in mind during school time my mom is working (from home but she stays upstairs all day and takes 5min breaks every few hours) so my step dad is pretty much babysitting me and my siblings, so it’s not like my mom is there to help me or stop me. he doesn’t help me with homework, he only talks to me if my mom tells him to or if im in trouble (usually for something i didn’t do that my brother blames me for). and when i go places  he doesn’t even notice i’m not home. like the other day i asked him if i could go somewhere and he said yes. so i went to my friends house and a while later he texted my mom saying “where’s (deadname)? i haven’t seen her in like 2 hours. is she in her room or something? wait did she go to her dads?”

at first i didn’t mind, i thought maybe he just had nothing to talk about with me, but now i’m starting to feel really neglected and i feel sorta left out. idk why i’m writing this i just needed to let this all out. that’s all.

edit- another example, just tonight he literally didn’t even include me in dinner. nor did he leave any food for me.

btw my mom already knows, she hasn’t talked to him about it yet but she’s pissed