I could use a little bit of love and encouragement right now Tl;dr girl of my dreams likes me then one day doesn’t, not really handling it well.  I do not care if you read I just could really use some love from you guys


I don’t really have any in person friends I can talk to about this stuff.  Story starts with this girl.  Let’s call her “Jill”.  Jill lives in Europe and I live in NA, so we’re very far from one another physically.  However, mentally we are very similar and as she used to say we “vibe on the same frequency.”  Jill began liking me in late July this year (we talked a lot back then and given Covid, the distance didn’t really seem too bad due to not being really able to see one another if she were closer anyway) and I began liking her not long after.  None of us really knew about the others thoughts till one day she started dropping hint after hint and I finally caught on.  Everything seemed to make perfect sense after that point, and man “Jill” is one in seven billion.  She’s like everything I want in a person times ten (except for location unfortunately) and everything she does puts the biggest smile on my face.  She’s the only person I know period that *thinks* the same way I do.  I think deeply about the world and resent the shallowness of pop culture—a rare viewpoint where I’m from—and so did she.  She had plans on coming to NA for uni in 2021 and we both got very excited for that.  Then things changed a couple weeks later.  I can pinpoint the day.  The inside jokes and the cutesy-dutesy stuff kind of faded away to nothing over the course of the next few weeks and now here we are.  I saw it coming a mile away, but Jill messaged me this morning saying she “doesn’t want to give me false hope” and I lost it, avoided even opening it till now.  Things were looking up then came a few weeks of me in denial and this was the nail on the coffin.  

I knew it was coming, but it still shocked me to see it and really, really hurt.  She’s different.  I’ve dated a couple people before but things didn’t click, really, then fate introduces me (we met on r/teenagers!) to the girl of my dreams who lives right thousand miles away.  Man I would do anything to hop on a plane and bring her flowers and just make her so happy, but it’s too late for that probably.  Oh well...


Sorry guys just needed to get that off my chest and you guys here are the only friends that don’t interrupt me or push me to the back of the group.  Love you all