I tried using sanitizer as lube and oh lord it burns **TL;DR :It made my balls burn. Dont try it. Even if you're desperate, just use something safe.**

So.. Last night i couldn't sleep. I was beyond horny. I was Ultra horny and i needed to rub one out. But wait, It's dry af. Can't get off when i'm dry as heck (I'm a guy btw, i need my dong to feel moist i guess)

Usually, i use aloe vera as a lube. Natural, Environmentally friendly, and it's perfect. But i ran out somewhere in august. We keep aloe vera for burn treatment incase someone gets a burn, and nobody sussed me for finishing it. Nobody is buying since we don't really need it.

I have this bottle of sanitizer. Not liquid, but it's a gel. Made of, you guessed it, aloe vera. I thought, Hey It's aloe. It won't hurt. Maybe the alcohol will give a nice cooling feel. I shuffled across the room, not creaking a single floorboard. Got some sanitizer and lay down on me bed. I rubbed it all over me dong, and ohh loordddd it felt great. The cooling feel was a 10/10. I felt something trickle on to my balls... It was slow and in a matter of seconds, felt like it was on fire.

Now, If you want to know that burning feel, hold your hand over some boiling water for 2 mins and the way the steam hurts, is the same way my balls hurt. It burned like heck. It felt like it was about to fall off 

I raced to the bathroom and washed it off with cold water and the burning momentarily stopped. I checked for chemical burns (i'm a man of science) and i'm all clear. It looked like i went for a swim and it was shrivelled up. it kept burning for a while so i checked again and i was clear. My dong felt A-Okay but the family jewels felt like it went through fire and flames, to hell and back, into the forge, whatever it did.

It's morning, 7hrs later random patches on me balls burn but doesnt hurt. I'm fine so far but i ended up getting off anyways coz i used lotion. Tho aloe is the best lube. Lotion doesnt feel nice like aloe. Heck aloe also has a natural cooling effect but dang.. Don't use sanitizer. ever. Even if you're hecking desperate