I kinda feel like an asshole So this is my first year of highschool and i decided to try and talk with others even though its something a bit out of my comfort zone. I don't mind being alone, but i also would like to have a friend i could actually feel comfortable with.

So i started talking to some people and then boom more corona so now I've got e schooling since November. But i still texted some people! There's three guys I'm talking to mostly. With one our conversations don't last longer than 10 minutes, it's uncomfortable and I've got no idea why he even texts me, with the second guy i have literally one thing in common so we send eachother some memes, but the majority of his memes are so unfunny it hurts. It's also very boring. The third one i actually started talking because he asked for some help with Russian and i was feeling nice so I sent him some of my notes and then he started to text me more about some art stuff (both of us draw) he sent me his oc, but the bad thing about it was that some of the drawings were mildly nsfw? I mean there wes another character who bit his oc while his oc made a weird face and... I felt incredibly uncomfortable, but i just ignored this and then he started talking about how we should art trade and not to be rude i agreed, it wasn't anything very time consuming for me so why not. But his oc has really basic design and ugly ass colours it was so hard to make anything nice out of it.

So back to the why do i feel like an asshole? Well when they started texting me i was annoyed and i really preferred when no one texted me. I just watch a lot of twitch and YouTube and when they text me I have to respond which means stopping the video just to spend next 5 min doing this cardboard conversation. It's so much less irritating when I initiate conversations! So i feel like an asshole cause all I want is them to stop texting me. And i have a couple things to do 1) tell them I don't like talking to them which makes me sound like an asshole 2)slightly try to back up, respond less and just make them figure it out which makes me also look like an asshole 3) or keep pretending i like them and be an ultimate asshole who's not only assholish but also manipulative and fake

But to be honest, i don't actually care, so maybe i am an asshole who doesn't care about others' feelings

TLDR: i don't like that people text me, but i don't know how to politely tell them to fuck off