A sad story. "And that was it, the last day of classes and I was done for the year. Thirteen long years of schooling was finally over and all that was left was just the last exam that decided what we were worth and where our future would lie. We had exactly two weeks remaining and I knew it wasn't enough time to finish a whole years’ worth of portions. Day one of the study holidays started with me making plans to get through the next two weeks. So that at the end of it I would have something to show for a years’ worth of lying and deception. A whole year had just breezed through and I hadn't touched my books even once. The fact that my parents paid for my education which included two sets of tuitions didn’t even seem to pick me at the slightest as I just wasted and procrastinated doing all my work through the year. All I had to do was just start the year doing the bare minimum just so that I could actually do well at the end. I justified myself through the year by saying that it was because of the world's current situation that I am the way I am. Days went months past and never did I have anything to show for it. All I had was a less defined path and what felt like crippling depression that prevented me from doing anything productive. My imagination being the way it was tended to amplify all my emotions. So, these many months if solitude did more harm to me than help. My mental health was at an all-time low. I woke every day, that's if I managed to sleep with absolutely no sense of purpose to the day. I did whatever I did because of the feeling that I had to. I accepted things for what it was and just gave up completely on fighting back at all because it dawned on me that nothing really mattered. Those quite months just made me realise I do the things I do just so that I could barely be accepted by the people around me. So, I just kept going day by day ignoring reality continuing to live with no purpose or direction, if that wasn't enough, I glorified that state only to extract the maximum pleasure from a single moment which I thought mattered. Anyways back to where we were with heightened stress levels and pressure I had gained when I realized that I won’t be able to rely on my abilities to somehow manage to pull through twelfth grade with decent grades something happened. A friend of mine fell sick with the virus that practically left the earth at a standstill. My friends as well as I had our spirits down. On the second day of our study holidays our school decided that we had to complete another project. This project had nothing to do with the syllabus that we studied it was for a mere grade that we had to put in ten hours of social work. These mind you were ten hours that we didn’t have. And sadly, enough that small project was enough for me to completely abandon my study timetable and as usual procrastinate everything that I had to. A whole week had gone by and I still hadn't gotten to doing any of my work. Monday morning, I decided enough was enough and tried to study. What I didn’t realise was that for a whole year I hadn't studied at all, that meant my concentration and my attention span was extremely bad. I couldn't read through my text books for more than 10 minutes without getting distracted. Before I knew it was Wednesday and I was still at the same place I was on Monday. I still had the project to do. So, I thought to myself to get the momentum going that I should start with the project and that's what I did. But I somehow managed to spend 2 days on it. Friday morning, I began to panic. At this point I just needed something to just help me concentrate so that I could do something. I did what every normal person this age and time would, I searched the web for answers and I found out that there was a variation of Adderall that was sold over the counters in India. With the minimum research that I had done I went to a medical store and I bought the drug. Sunday morning and I had reached nowhere near where I thought I'd be able to reach. So, I was left with one option the option I swore to myself id use only at an extreme situation. My heart is heavy, I don’t know how much of this drug I should take. I'm writing this so that if I overdose you'll know why I thought I had to do what I did." 


Tears rolled down her eyes as she read the note and found him choking on his own vomit the next morning laying lifeless at his desk.