Dreams are weird. I watched a video on Persona 5, being the only video I watched about it, and I'm not a huge fan of it,  then like 2 weeks later I had a dream being in Persona 5, and I was just like, "But why though???"

This happens with like every dream I have, and the weirdest part is my favorite things that I keep up with on a daily basis I almost never have dreams about.

Like I sorta like FNaF and Mario, but that doesn't give my brain the right to give me a dream about being chased by Luigi in a Glitchtrap suit through a Mexican town.

Also forgetting dreams is understandable, but how come half of the time I wake up, think "that was a cool dream" and then I walk out to tell someone about it and in the 10 seconds I got there, I already forgotten it? I remember how to recite the national anthem after not singing it in at least a year, how come you can't remember a dream I just had in 10 seconds?

Sometimes I remember dreams from like many, many, years ago, like tat one dream I had when I was only 6 where the one human character scared all the other characters in "Little Bear", yet all I remember about the dream I just had is it had something to do with Spelunky 2, and that's it. It happened like 2 seconds ago! where the heck are all the details?

Also how come dreams just change ascetic, and you change abilities? Like I had a dream where I was walking somewhere, and then, staying in the same hallway, I'm suddenly in a video game shooting fireballs at people, then I shoot fire at myself to go faster (because logic), and I transition back into a realistic dream and the fire is just gone, but I can suddenly throw sawblades.

Also once a few years ago, I straight up had a layered dream, like the ones you see in terrible horror movies. I wake up, there's a ringing coming from the bathroom, I open the door, I wake up again. "Oh wow, a dream in a dream spooky" is not what I say, but I instead continue like nothing ever happened. but then get this, I step out of bed again, wake up *again* but then I don't notice it's a dream *again,* and meet some blue skateboarder man. I then actually wake up, and guess what, only then do I question if I'm still dreaming! 

Also my dreams have a surprisingly good track record of developing cool original characters. Like one time I had a dream about these cool moth people, which are way cooler than most of the characters I've thought of while not asleep

My dreams seem to know more then I do, because I cant tell what the heck is going on in them, yet of course, I always come up with an answer... hours later. I had a dream (the same one with Luigi Glitchtrap) where I came home from a car out of a video game Mexican RPG world and my mom is just pushing a stroller with one of the cats we have in it, whilst ignoring it. It took a while  to figure out, but it turns out my brain developed a dream where me and my 4 sisters had gone missing, she developed schizophrenia and has been told visions of her children are fake, which is why she ignores me, and she pushes the cat around in a cradle to remind her of her kids. This my not make sense from a logic standpoint, but for dream standards, thats a suprisingly fleshed out story.

Finally I want to talk about Lucid Dreams. I've only had one, and it was only for like10 seconds, but it was so weird, because I was thinking about what I wanted to do in my dream self's brain, but I was using my real life brain to do so, but my real life brain is also making my dream self use my real life brain to use my dream self brain. Also back to my last point, even though I thought I knew exavly what I wanted to do, my brain was like "I can do you one better" and straight up redid m design. So with the hope that the dream would last longer, I grabbed my computer, which looked exactly like my real life one, and threw it up in the air thinking of the new design I wanted, but a completely different, much better design popped up, that I would have never thought of, but still looked possible to make. Of course, I woke up before I could test out my new computer.

Well that turned into a rant quick.

TL;DR: My dreams are weird and unpredictable, also I cant remember them.