A pickle for the sad ones   

A pickle for the sad ones - existence 

Day 1

A kid boy or a girl does not matter was born ,if he was to write this ,he would not remember the day of his birth , maybe the date ,but who is to say ? you know your birth date because someone told you , your mom and dad told you your birth date from the beginning and you dont remember can they not be lying ?why would they be lying about something so little , i mean its just a date 1 or 2 , 2 or 3 doesnt matter.but the fact is that you can never be sure of your birth date 

Why am i so sad ? why am i so depressed ?why are you so sad ? why is there so much hatred and negativity in this world ? some one like me can never answer that , we all are selfish in our own ways , i am sad for no apparent reason. What could it be ?  that i dont have enough money or enough friends ? people with enough money are also sad . and people with a lot of friends are also sad, can you deny that ? 

After you were born , you probably dont remember what happened those years , heck i dont even know till which year i remember shit .i was just living in that moment , and once i reached a certain age , i forgot what i did back then. It has already happened , it is past , i can not be undone , i do not remember it and can only hope that it was very good. So i must tell you that i dont have any disease or mental issues , its a fact that people forget about their childhood specifically , like wise i am not suffering any issues and i am perfectly fine , im just sad 

So lets skip to the age you start remembering .look at you , you were so happy , maybe you pissed or pooped your pants and you dont even seem to care , i did not experience that so i cannot say about that , but look how careless you are so free you dont even care what people think of you , you had your toys your friends you used to play all day along and also maybe study get good grades ,everything was so easy back then .

Fast forward to today , i assume you are a wannabe edgy teenager or some depressed kid or quiet kid or what not , you care how you look , you care what people think of you ,you try to avoid social interaction not because you dont want to do it but more importantly you want to make an image of yourself that you are a loner and people should take care of you or maybe seem to care about you .you want some one to understand you , but hey you know that it wont work , you know that you wont land a girlfriend with that attitude you know what you are doing is wrong and you know it simply doesnt work , then why are you doing it ?

You are sad because you dont have enough money , no one respects you , you dont have friends , you dont go out , you dont have a girlfriend , you do not do drugs then why are you still so sad ? 

If i were to give you money in cash, a chance to make a girlfriend , give you fame and respect , you will have more friends and you will start going outside . does that make you happy ?i cannot answer that.

If not , then you were focussing on the wrong things from the start .

I was riding my moped this night the night i am writing this , 

When i was going , i started crying and in my mind i was playing lil uzi verts malfunction , the lyrics were , no one wants to die alone, and i was crying 

No one wants to die alone but they have to die alone . your best friend wont go with you and your money will be left meaningless .

What did you eat for breakfast this morning ? did you even have breakfast ? 

I ate enough to suffieciently fill my stomach , but there are many people on earth maybe just even in your radius of 1km/sq who would have not eaten anything. They simply dont have the means to eat food everyday.

I would gladly ask these people who dont have anything , they are hardly surviving and they have nothing to lose , why dont they commit suicide ? wouldnt it be easier for them ? they simply dont have anything to lose.

And yet people commit suicide besides having food on the table and a roof over head .why ?

I dont have any hopes that anyone except me would ever read this , even i would read it myself because i am writing this , why would i read this again ?

Come to think of this 

Right this moment , someone would have died and yet no one knows that they have died , atleast not yet , the sould would have been gone until someone would get to know about it 

If 1 person goes ,what would be the impact on the rest of the earth ? literally nothing .right ? i mean sure for some days and even for some years maybe some one closest to the person would be deeply affected but there will come one point that its existence dissapears .

If i were to have children , and their children would have children , clearly there will be a point when even my name will be forgotten. Maybe if you are some one like gandhi or maybe someone else ,maybe your name would last way longer , but for how long ? even memories arent immortal cmon.

When i was coming back on my scooter ,i saw a couple possibly breaking up , i saw a farmer with his tractor’s tire blown up and him still driving it , i saw people walking alone in the dark 

What was i sad for again? 

I mean i didnot have to walk in the dark alone , i did not have to undergo the hardship of that blown tire and i did not have to undergo the pain of a break up.

I also saw a kid smaller than me ,riding a tricycle with a bag full of garbage on behind , he most porbably wouldnt have a cell phone , he has to work to get money to get food 

And i was sad because i didnt want to do my chores and couldnt afford a beefy gaming pc , now thats what someone would call lame