I need help, please. So it all started 2 weeks ago, when my little brothers weren't doing too well at school and as a punishment, he took away our ps4 and MY phone. I had nothing to do with it, but still. This made me really angry bc I didnt anything wrong!

Fast forward to the next weekend my dad went on vacation and my mom was taking care of us, and on Wednesday I got a 8/10 on my science exam, so obviously she got mad at ME and me only. That was a very frustrating weekend bc I had planned to make video on yt since I really wanted to become a creator. Then the final event of the streak of worst weekends on planet earth, I went to my cousins house. Why is this so bad u/RALI_YT ? You ask, well my dear reader they WORSHIP fortnite so much that they've spent hundreds of riyal on it over the course of 2 YEARS, so I did the natural thing, I complained to my mom. You see, they have been playing since about 4:30, and what time was it, 6:40 -_- I know they let me have it (we brought our own ps4) and everyone hated me until 8:00 when we played minecraft dungeons, you see, I'm forgiving like that, unlike THEM.

Then its Sunday (ps its monday today) and my mom informs me that she'll be cancelling my Sunday-Wednesday Quran studies. Then she'll sign me up for drum roll please.......... fitness classes. You see, over the last couple of months, I've been having... a condition. I used to have a FAST metabolism and was really thin, and then my metabolism slowed down (which I inherited from my dad btw) and just it was awful. First, it was all people of 20, but I expected that so naturally it got worse, we started with some basics, then the basics rapidly excelated to doing it 200 to 800 times and I'm smol compared to them, so it's like hell on earth I'm miserable, tired and sad bc of all that, and I come back home and my mom tells me its because I need PRACTICE 

Ps I wrote this earlier and I'm on mobile

Ps if you want, [this my yt](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgrXHFBX3M4hpmyhZg9VPDw)