What the hell is up with sex Hello there. I'm a 16m. 

I grew up in a cult and just this year learned that my entire life was a lie. While growing up in this cult I was taught that all sex was bad unless you were married. And then once you were married it immediately switched to this ultra holy threeway thing with God. I was taught not to look at girls bodies, touch them in any sexual way at all, or even think about doing anything sexual with someone. Under any circumstances. Obvsioully all this repression got me addicted to porn but I dont think thats quite as relevant for what I'm tryna talk about right now. 
Basically, my whole worldview is shifting and evolving with each new thing I learn, and mu current view about sex is that it's a fun thing that two consenting people can do whenever they agree to it. Same with sexting and any other form of mutual sexual pleasure. I dont really know what the rest of the world thinks about it though. I was always taught that people outside the cult were having sex all the time , there were whores and sex addicts all over, and teens just had sex constantly. quite frankly I have no idea if thats true, and if it is true, I honestly dont think thats a bad thing. To an extant at least. So I guess thats my first question: what is it really like out there for teens and sex? Or even just the world and sex?

My second point is that I feel really, really, lonely. Porn doesnt really do it, I want to have that closeness, that intimacy with someone. Where we are both mutually benefiting and enjoying ourselves. I ask for some way to achieve this, or perhaps someway to accept that it wont happen? Also, Is it normal to think this way? I have already determined that I probably have a higher sex drive than most people but like what's the deal? I dont want to be creepy or weird or anything. I just, want sex lol. Is it bad to think like that? What are your thoughts? 
Anyways, if you actually read through this whole thing than I am very grateful, even if you dont leave a response. I'm not expecting anyone to respond really, but I thought maybe thered be a small chance.