I lost a friend because of tiktok Since everyone is sharing their tik tok stories, I thought I should too.  
So I had a Musical.ly account years ago where I'd look for cosplay and "weeb shit" (anime stuff) and it was just an occasional "oh this is cool."  
I never really got into the app as much as others, but I had a friend who most definitely did, after a while Musical.ly was rebranded to (drum roll please) Tik Tok, and my friend became really attached to it, while I branched off into art, cosplay, anime edits etc.  
After a small bit she **demanded** that I start posting because "ITS SOOO FUN!!"   
So of course I started to post a few Tik Toks here and there, mostly of art I had drawn and maybe a few about books and manga I was reading or looking forward to reading, this alone gained me a small following maybe 200 people at most, I didn't really care much at all, but she however got weirdly pissed off.  
She started telling me to shout her out and link her account etc etc. I just agreed and would @ her all most all the time.   
I slowly "climbed the ladder" a bit and she got even more pissed, she slowly started to call me names and would bitch at me if I forgot to @ her, she became more and more toxic throughout, and all she ever posted was weird dances n' stuff.   
After a couple months I just dropped the app all together because of how boring it was, I deleted everything, changed my entire account and ditched it. Then once again she got mad saying thing like:   
"YOU'RE SO UNGRATEFUL! YOU'RE TRASH, WHORE, YOU SHOULD'VE GIVEN THE ACCOUNT TO ME"   
and more rather colourful words pointed at me, I really got tired of it all and just dropped her as well, I couldn't handle all the shit she was doing at the time because I had my own personal issues I needed to deal with.   
She managed to twist the story and get a few people (of whom I never really spoke to anyway) "against me." It was just overall stupid and annoying.  
***TLDR; Friend got mad because I had more followers then got pissed when I deleted my account saying I should've given it to her.***