my anxiety comes from my best friend (longggg vent) this really fucking sucks. I'll explain it (it's not my friends fault at all btw)


I overthink things a lot, I do it in the day, night, home, away everywhere. I overthink every single action I make and every text I get.

This creates a lot of anxiety for me, like a shit ton. I can usually deal with it though, as my bestfriend really distracts me from it when we hang out

Here's where we get into the problems. My bestfriend isn't mentally stable/healthy either. They have an extermy harder life than me and I really feel bad for them (they have tons of issues that really fucking suck for them). 

They go into episodes every so often, more like days/weeks where they are just sad and depressed. 

During this time, we don't go out together or talk as often.

She reassures me that it's not a me problem and it's just her dealing with the depression. 

remember how I said I overthink things alot? yeah, I overthink during this time because I have nothing else to do and I have no other friends

the thoughts I get during this period are typically doubting our friendship, doubting every text message I send and overthinking every message I receive from anyone. 

alllll of this goes away when we are together because I don't have an opportunity to overthink, because I'm happy with them

I've learned by this point not to overthink things at this stage, but I still can't help it.

recently, on Monday they told me they feel like they are crashing again. 

snapchat doesn't help at all with my overthinking one bit. (haha loosing #1 bsf status which is literally so stupid to overthink because it's Snapchat emojis).

since Monday my overthinking has gotten really bad.

I've doubted our friendship several times, whether they are just friends with me because they feel bad, am I even their bestfriend anymore, etc.

I read into every single text they send me, and it makes it worse that they are dead replies and crappy texts because they are sad too and depressed and probably cba to respond. 

on a side note of my overthinking I also get really jealous.

this is just a toxic trait of mine ok

she went out yesterday (Friday) with another friend and she called me and she said she had a really really good day.  I was like yay but also jealous cause they haven't linked me in 4 days and suddenly link another friend???this again makes me doubt if I'm really her bestfriend too or not cause they didn't even tell meh. i really wish they'd invite me too but it's probably cause I'm weird and awkward :/ around new people

then again I'm really single and would probably hit on the friend that she brings

but again the jealously is MY toxic trait .


this is really fucking stupid and I defo messed up in this rant with details and stuff
but this is a throwaway account so who cares.

ps I'm sleeping now so don't blow this up (lmao it ain't even blow up worthy) I don't want them to see as that would be awkward af. &lt;---- more proof of me overthinking posting this post