i just wanna rant about something that happened i know this was my fault, so please dont say that in the comments. i got help, so please dont try to help me. i just really want to rant and dont wanna make my friends uncomfortable or bother them or anything. you really dont have to read this, i just wanna rant. also sorry for typos, im still crying. sorry in advance for the novel. 

he texted me after i made my post about sexual assault and asked me for my discord. usually, i would try to say no, but my friend had previously reminded me that not everyones bad because i dont really trust people. so why not go for it? 

he said friends and i agreed. friends. thats all. we chatted for like 5-10 minutes before he asked me my age. i said 12 after he said he was 19. he said he didnt believe me because i was "so mature." i said there was nothing i could do to make him believe me and he said i could send him a picture of my face. i declined and sent him a picture of a stuffed animal i had on my bed.

he asked me if i humped it which i thought was weird but maybe it was a joke? i kept repeating to myself not everyones bad. by the way, this started at 19:something. 

he said i couldve just been a weird old man then after a lot of convincing, i sent a pic of my face covered so he could see my hair. he commented on how i just got out of the shower, but it was too late to back out now. i have a fear of judgement so i couldnt just tell him to stop being weird, or stop talking to him. i couldnt ghost him because i was ghosted by my best (and only) friend and i couldnt do anything for weeks afterwards because i was so upset. also, it was too soon for me to know what would happen.

he said he thinks im cute and he wanted to see my face. no way i was doing that, right? i wouldnt give in to sending a pic of my face. he said i could blocked out my eyes and wouldnt stop. i didnt know how to block people on discord, at the time so i sent it. he said i was cute multiple times. how could i do that? that was my number one rule of the internet: no photos. i decided no more photos. 

but then he asked if i could do an egirl face. i didnt know what it was so i looked it up. it should be the first thing that shows up when you search egirl face. later, i told my friend and he said it was called a hentai face so, ew. i refused because they look like theyre having orgasms. he said just a smile. i asked him if this was sexual and he got really defensive about it. i was really uncomfortable so i decided to send it. i blocked out my eyes in every photo since the very beginning and continued to until the end. again, it took a lot of persuasion. he called me pretty. he said just do the egirl face. i didnt. how is it not sexual? i asked and he said how are selfies sexual? i still said no. 

just a photo with your tongue out, you can block your eyes. he wouldnt stop saying that. he wouldnt stop after i kept saying no. he was now begging more than asking. i think he caught on that i didnt like upsetting people and dont like people not liking me. he said it would make his day. i said i would send it if he would stop asking. he agreed and i sent it. 

from here on, im having trouble remembering the timeline of events, sorry. i do know that all of this happened.

he commented on my shirt, asking what it says. its very personal to me, so i said i made it with my friend when we had a sleepover. he said "wow you really are 12 arent you?" i said "i have no reason to be lying, would i?"

he asked my to pull my shirt down more. he begged me. i said no a million times. a million. he said "i thought you were mature" i said i wasnt pulling my shirt down any more than it was. he said he thought i was nice. thats when i gave up. i sent it. i couldnt handle disappointing more people.

 he said to put on just a bra. i refused. i wouldnt go there, right? no way. he said people showed less on the beach. "we're not at the beach" i tried to reason. he said "so?" i said "if its not sexual, why would you want it?" "because youre cute" it didnt really answer my question. i did it. i sent a picture. i did it and i hate myself. i couldnt handle all the messages i was getting. i couldnt do it. he was begging me, calling me rude names among other things. i know i didnt have to, but i did. everything that happened was my fault. i know that.

it got worse and eventually i was topless. he was telling me to do things, exactly. "stick your tongue out and hold your tit." "more light" "less face, more skin" were all things he said. dont feel any pity for me, its my fault. 

here are some things he said but i dont remember when he said it but want to say. "push your tit out your bra and smile this time" i didnt smile. "shhh itll be our secret. dont tell anyone!" when i asked him why he did this to me, he said "because im horny" he ruined me because he was horny. im not the same person i was before he texted me. "chill" is what he said when i got mad at him. not like he ruined my world. not like he made me scared in my own home. not like i slept with the light on and was looking behind my shoulder while walking down my halls. not like i couldnt go to school because im so scared.  "one more until i cum" he said that so many times. i sent over 30 photos and he *still* didnt cum? 

i deleted him from my discord but i screenshotted a few conversations. heres one:

me: im not even a teenager

him stick your tongue out

him: u will be soon

me: im a child

him: a hot one

him: make the pic

then i sent a photo. i pretty much gave up at this point. i knew i couldnt do anything. heres another:

me: why would you make me do this?

him: how did i make you?

him: lmao

him: i didnt grab your hands

him: make you take a pic

thats the end of the screenshot. someone on reddit got involved and i gave him the guys discord. i blocked the creep. this all happened last night. my friend made me feel a lot better. i regret deleting our conversation because now i have a very little amount of evidence that anything happened. its child porn if i decide to let anyone know. if you read this, thank i guess. this took me a while to write.