I feel like I could be the next Kevin Feige but for now I’m stuck in a pandemic junior year So yeah kinda of the title. I have been dreaming of my own super hero universe for years at this point and it’s so fleshed out. I take filmmaking classes and publish everything I make on my YouTube channel and I want to be in the industry so badly. 

The universe would basically be around kid/ teenage super hero’s. The opener would be a movie called “hats and capes” the opening is a little stupid tbh but I think it would be good. Basically this kid Jason looks up to a super hero (in a world with many) named shockwave. Jason sees him as a father figure bc his died in a fire as a fire fighter. Shockwave is killed by his enemy but (here’s the kinda dumb part) his consciousness is transferred into Jason’s nearby hat. Jason can then turn into Shockwave in a cross between Shazam and venom. Basically Shockwave is a total sociopath who does everything for fame and killed the villains family in collateral damage. He also tried to kill the villain and make it look like collateral but the villain fought him off. And Jason finds out his dad cheated on his mom before dying so Jason learns to be his own hero. This probably sounds like it has a lot of plotholes but if I had more time to explain I can tell you it doesn’t.

Then there would be a show set somewhere around two years before but it doesn’t really matter called super Bros. 4 adopted brothers get powers after a cosmic event gives powers to ppl all across the us. Each brother gets one season as the lead and then a final 5th wrap up season. This is the same market as something like the flash.

A space show that is kind of like guardians of the galaxy with very different characters. Like the main character is the prince of a ... space kingdom... and he and his team go on missions around the galaxy to keep the kingdom safe. Very adult oriented like Deadpool. Each season the prince learns a new lesson  about how to be a good king leading to a short and face paced final season where is older brother comes to take over the kingdom and everything he’s learned so far is tested.

A very kid friendly summer camp show where it’s all superheroes from different universes where they failed and their world was either destroyed or taken over by the bad guy. They train here to hopefully get to return to their original universe with their team (camp bunk) and try to take the bad guy down. 

This would all culminate in a big final movie that’s hinted at in the first super bros season where we see everyone’s final fate. Only issue with this is the plot is kinda like u mashed infinity war (crystals of reality) and endgame into one movie. This big villain gets crystals to get revenge on the main super bro. Around halfway through he uses the crystals to kill literally everyone except the main character to basically trap him in hell. One character is immune to the crystals (it would be very well explained trust me) and the two of them bring everyone back in a big final battle where the main character dies and it ends with a sweet montage. 

I know a lot of this sounds very general and tropey but I actually have it very thoroughly thought through with specific plot points and character moments that I think would be really really cool and people would love. I really hope I get to do this someday. If ur interested DM me and I can give some specifics that would bring some real heart to this universe.