I'm confused and concerned. My relationship with my crush is... unique to say the least. We have a pretty decent relationship. We aren't dating. I always said we aren't dating because she needs time to recover from her ex. Since she has a bunch of shit going on, shes almost over her ex. Then again there is the shit going on. Her grades are slipping, her dad is emotionally (and I could argue physically) abusive. She has anorexia, she considers 750 calories a day overeating. As a result, she has severe malnutrition and irregular periods that put her in agony every day. Her dad refuses to see the problem. She doesn't eat. 

Pros if I decide to date her: I'll be a helluva lot happier if I'm less lonely, someone to cuddle with, someone to rant to, someone to listen to my random bullshit. 
Cons if I decide to date her: were not even sure if she is attracted to guys, her body language suggested that she is afraid of me, shes not emotionally prepared for a romantic relationship, I'm not ready for a romantic relationship in general. 
Parental opinions if I decide to date her: her mom is dead, her dad loves me. He has actually suggested that I go out with her. He is heavily conservative, lets look at me from a trump supporters POV. I'm a straight, white, male, who knows my way around an engine enough to build a moterized bicycle at 14, I'm going to drive a race car next year. (Its a hornet dirt car. It's a pos 1996 Nissan Sentra with the interior ripped out and a roll cage welded in) My mom wouldn't let me hang around her anymore because she has 2 other older kids who have their own spouse and one has accidentally gotten pregnant before. My dad probably wouldn't give a shit. 

Then again there is the fact that she might not even like me. Who knows, maybe if I try to kiss her, I'll be bitch slapped into another universe. Maybe it'll go well, maybe it'll ruin everything.

Shes all I have left, all my friends are either dead or in hospital. If this goes wrong, I would probably not survive for long. 

Either way, I'm NOT asking her now. She recently suffered from a concussion and her memories are a little fuzzy. She is also have an emotional breakdown over school.