I’m crying I appreciate anybody who reads to the end of this.

Whenever I’m alone and I have no distractions I always end up getting really sad and crying. Thinking about my past just messes me up. I’ll be talking about the difficulties in my life below, and just knowing that one person listens to this makes me feel better as if I’m not alone, even if it’s strangers on reddit.

Starting with my earliest memories of elementary school, I remember not being included with all the other kids and always being an outcast. I’m assuming it was either because of how annoying I was, my passion for bugs, or how unkept I looked. Well, moving forward, I didn’t have any friends in kindergarten.

In first grade I made one friend, her name was Kayla. I was fitting in with the other kids more. Although my dad and mom were constantly fighting which made me, in a way, separate myself from the other kids. Eventually they lived in different houses and me and my siblings took turns living with each of them for a week.

Experiencing this made me more weird as a kid, and I started fitting in even less. I became attention-seeking from the lack of attention my parents gave me but I tried earning it in a bad way by annoying everybody. Eventually I got on everybody’s bad side and nobody liked me, except my one friend Kayla.

Second grade my parents were having a lot of problems with each other and my siblings were being affected by it too. In turn, they became aggressive and fought and fought. I was bullied constantly by my two older siblings. Eventually I grew used to being by myself since I’m always isolated. I didn’t pay too much attention to it.

Third grade was the last time I ever spoke to my dad before he disappeared to a different country. The last thing I remember saying to him was “When are you gonna come back?” And he said “Never.” And I started crying so my mom took the phone away from me and I couldn’t communicate with him ever again.

Fourth grade I’m always alone. My only friend doesn’t hang out with me as much. I was isolating myself completely from everybody else. My mom was depressed and always working because my dad took away all of our money and left us in debt. I didn’t ever see my mom and the only love I got was from my aunts which I rarely ever see.

Fifth grade I was bullied by another girl. She told other people bad things about me and would hit me. I kept crying to my mom about it and my teacher but it didn’t stop. Eventually my mom near the end of the grade finally talked to my bullies mom and she never talked to me again.

Sixth grade I wanted to change my life and get more friends. And it worked, I got friends. Although my mom is still broken from the divorce, and my siblings still bully me and laugh at me when I’m hurt.

Seventh grade I had severe anxiety and depression problems. I was mean to my friends sometimes too, which I really regret. I didn’t really talk to anybody except my small circle of friends. My mom finally recovered from the debt we had.

Eighth grade I realized my dad started a new family. I looked up his Facebook account and saw videos of him teaching a little girl how to ride her bike. I also saw my mother cry in front of me for the first time during a therapy session.

Ninth grade my two closest friends lost someone who was even closer to them than me to suicide. I partially blame myself for his suicide, I don’t want to go into detail.

Tenth grade and I’m depressed as fuck, I’m not the greatest person and life hurts.

Love anyone who bothered to read all this