My mother really wants me to not have sex. So I guess for context, my mom conceived me having sex out of wedlock with my dad (without a fucking condom) when she was just under 18 years old. She's had some bad experiences with women all throughout her life. Her mom was abusive, she went to with some girls that she hated. Probably most recently, she's gotten cheated on. A couple of times with the father of my half-siblings and literally 23 times with the person she dated after him. So just a whole bunch of bad experiences have her basically assume that all females are whores and she kind of projects on me.

 Anytime I like a girl, first question she asks is "Is she a whore?" And my answer is always no because I don't like people that seem like they hoe around, and then if she hears something she doesn't quite like about a girl I like she automatically assumes she's a whore anyway. The only girl she's ever found out that I like and approved of was my now ex-girlfriend. To say the least the thing she liked about her was that in our 4 month relationship we never even held hands. And I kind of hated it. And it wasn't like she had personality to make up for it.

It's hard to find a girl like that, and I don't even want to find a girl like that but I feel like I have to because of my freaking mother who has anything to make up for it with their personality. And my mother doesn't seem to know this but I'm a particularly sexual person. My favorite jokes are dirty ones and dark ones. Generally I'm just kind of a horny motherfucker. It's very hard to find a girl who isn't like this (because my mom would flip out) that is also comfortable with hearing this type of stuff. I want to find a girl like me but my mom would instantly disapprove.

I currently have a crush on a girl who I can just be myself with, warts and all without judgement and she can act the same with me and I really like her personality and she's attractive and she told me she loved me yesterday (honestly I'm not sure what to think of that at all.) My mother disapproves though, because she thinks I might have a chance at having sex with her. And as a 14 year old boy I think my mom technically has the right to do this. 

My problem is that she wants me to save myself until marriage and she has told me she will kick my ass if I have sex with anybody before marriage. I plan on waiting until like my twenties or even thirties to get hitched. I also like kind of want to have sex with the person I marry before I marry them regardless. I honestly believe I will know when the time is right and when I'm with the right person have sex with.

What bothers me is that anytime I've really liked a girl and my mom knew about it she disapproved. I almost feel like my mom has like detectors for if I'm passionate about someone at all and it's a red flag to her if she can tell that I feel some level of passion toward a girl. Let's be real I didn't feel particularly passionate toward my ex-girlfriend and I think it showed. Before her I had a really big crush on a girl, and some of my friends even pointed out that it seemed like I liked the girl before my ex more than I liked my ex and while we were dating I denied it in my mind, but it's true. 

And I feel like my mom can detect how much I like a girl maybe just from my tone of voice while talking about her. My mom gets kind of narcissistic about this, but she really is smart and she can read people well and I bet it comes across to her as a red flag if it seems like I really like someone.

Honestly the reason I started typing all of this though is that I just want to get some opinions on if my mother has the right to make me preserve myself until marriage even after I'm an adult.