My birthday is in 4 days and I hate that my parents expect me to do a big thing and on top of it my best friend is pretty ambiguous about coming and I just wanna move away or honestly kill myself and somehow I feel embarrasse/guilty to even think this because literally the whole world is in a crises Here's the thing I've never been a birthday person and I have alright friends i guess but every year my sister has this whole big thing to celebrates hers. She is 21 today and because she likes to make a big deal out of it and call all of her friends my parents expect me to do the same.

I mean don't get me wrong I'm not an introverted person and I do like to hang out with my friends but treating a birthday like an accomplishment is just not my thing and I'm tired of people(my family) judging me for it. 

Now to the main topic: on my 16th birthday I tried not to celebrate because I just didn't want to but later that day I heard my sibling telling to my parents that he doesnt wanna celebrate because he doesn't have any friends ARE YOU KIDDING ME!? I LOVED MY FRIENDS AND THEY WANTED TO A WHOLE THING AND THEY EVEN CAME TO MY HOUSE AT 12 but even then I was dragged to an 'awkward' family dinner THAT I PROTESTED so I just decided that I'll treat birthdays like an accomplishment for 2 more years and just move away when Im 18. On top of it i've heard my mother saying multiple times that he should go out more and do more stuff. So starting this year I made it a motto to at least go out with friends twice a week. This trend that my sister has started is just pathetic and I hate it.

I am 18 in 4 days and I couldn't move do TO FUCKIN CORONA and I am kind of excited to see my friends but here's the thing the guy who I consider my how do I say this BEST FRIEND is being ambiguous about coming even tho pretty much everyone has agreed but like I dont wanna celebrate it without this guy.  As a whole I just hate the social obligation of celebrating and I'd love to just hangout with my friends but now everything is this huge mess and I want the next week to just disappear.

And I somehow feel bad because this is a small problem and I feel guilty even thinking about this because literally half of the world is going through a second crisis on top of corona

Honestly thanks if you made through this post 

Sorry for the bad english. It's not my first language