How i've been feeling lately This is gonna be a long one so be prepared,  also sorry if i'm all over the place with this

Idk lately I've been feeling neutral lately, like I'm not really happy but I'm not sad or depressed either i'm just have been feeling neutral. I spend most of my day doing whatever (Youtube, playing on my laptop or xbox, watching netflix, etc etc) and I go back to school in about A week from now (online btw). Sometimes I just feel hella annoyed at everything whether that's because of my parents or my sister,if I just died in the nether, or I keep getting killed by the goddamn same person or hell Sometimes I will just be annoyed for no reason whatsoever.  When I'm annoyed sometimes, dark thoughts  start rolling in my head, not suicidal thoughts but thoughts like I suck at everything, I'm not good enough or that i'm worthless and so on. after this is I just feel nothing and I will just lay on bed for a bit  and after that I will move on do whatever.  Tbh I don't know why I have these thoughts considering my life is pretty good and idk how to get rid of them either, should I block it out? tell me in the comments. Another thing is my insecurities have been popping up in my head a lot lately  for example one of biggest ones is if people are talking behind my back and teasing me or they're going to judge me because of what type of stuff I like and that I'm weird. The shitty part is that I have these thoughts even when nobody is around me, like I will be by myself and nobody will literally be around me and I will STILL have thoughts about how people may be making fun about what music I listen to. Another one of my big insecurities is that I'm a bad person and that I'm some  hypocrite selfish jerk that everybody hates. I get that some people are just not going to like me but I still want to be somewhat likeable and be a good person. Also sometimes I will just feel like the odd one out when it comes to certain things, for example Most of my devices has some sort of time limit to it, I can't play multiplayer on my xbox (Which sucks :( ), I don't have apps like Insta, social media, snapchat so when I tell someone if don't have instagram, they will give me a weird look , same things goes for games like if I say I don't play CoD or fortnite they will be like "wdym you don't play CoD" and i'm like "I'm not allowed to play these games" then there like "why" then I start to get uncomfortable. idk these thoughts have keep occuring and idk why because I'm not around anyone besides my family and they suck because most of the time it's about nothing and I wish that they will just go away. Last thing is that I've been barley contacting any of my friends at all and since quarantine started I basically lost contact with all of them except one so i've been wondering whether I should start texting them again or not and also sometimes I think about having a gf but i'm not really that desperate for one and as of right now i don't have a crush on anyone. 

So yeah thats all I have to say, thanks for reading this. feel free to chat with me in the comments or pm me and have a good day my fellow redditors :)