Living life choice by choice, an economist point of view In any time of your life, have you been told to make "better choices?" you stand there listening to a speech about how making better choices in your life will lead you to a life of prosperity. It goes through one ear and out the next. Choices are not black and white as adults make them out to be. It's oversimplifying a thought process that is complex, yet scolded by parents and teachers. So how do you actually makes choices?

This post will talk about: how to weigh Opportunity Cost (the next best thing), cost and benefits (not pros and cons), and marginal thinking (one more coffee?). I study Economics in HS and taking 2 college classes in micro and macro. 

First what is opportunity cost?  Simply, the 2nd choice that you didn't choose. Like the poem *The Road Not Taken,* the characters decides between two choices and picks one. His opportunity cost is the road he didn't take. It's really important because it can help you evaluate what you want to do. Do you want to eat some chips for a snack? The Opportunity cost would be dinner. Let's apply this everywhere we go. Chips or candy at the vending machine? The boys or my gf for tonight? Applying to choices to a yes or no question will help you organize your decision making. 

Throughout school you will be taught to use pros and cons for everything. Books, characters, decisions and choices that follow in the same manner. Cost and benefits are a supercharged version of that. Imagine, you get up late and have to decide between eating and not eating breakfast. The cost of eating breakfast is the ingredients, the time it takes to eat it, and the potentially punishments at school, however the benefits are not being hungry, feeling full, the time to relax and watch a tv show, and the like. We compare the benefits of eating breakfast to the cost of it. If the benefits exceed the costs, you will choose to eat breakfast. You will weigh the cost and benefits of not eating breakfast and decide from there. Here we use both cost and benefits and opportunity cost to decide properly whether to eat breakfast. Applying both at the same time can reduce the stress of any choice we have to make. 

Lastly when you get questions about how much or how many, where do you start? First you start at understanding the cost and benefits of adding just one more of that thing. My example will be how many pencils do I need for school? First we ask our self do we need one pencil? Obviously yes the benefits of being able to write outweigh the cost of buying it and the space in our bag. The 2nd? Sure! The backup and peace of mind will help and the cost are only a little compare to the benefits. We go on and on till we get to when our cost and benefits are equal. So let's say 5 pencils. What are the benefits? There's not really much when you already have 4 pencils for the day. The cost is worrying about losing it and the limited space you already have in your pencil bag. So we can go without it. Let's apply this everywhere we go. 6 or 12 mcnuggets? How many coffee cups and so on. You may be already using our past concepts to think about our pencil analogy and applaud you! Quick learners you are. 

There's so many topics that can be applied in real life that derive from economics. Economics is not about graphs, but the choices we can make with little resources. Choosing just got a little easier. Ask your questions below if you have any. Or maybe the opportunity cost is too high.