My mom doesn’t listen Whenever I try to tell her about something I’m interested in like a book or game or something she acts like she doesn’t care. Most of the time she just looks at her phone and just says, ‘cool’ or something like that. A specific instance of this was when I was telling her about a game I was interested in and I was telling her that it seemed pretty interesting and she wasn’t even listening to me. Midway through my sentence she tells me to do the laundry. Another thing that pissed me off was when the joker movie came out she was telling me that it was evil because she had been listening to news reports about it. I was trying to tell her that it brings good messages about mental illness and good social commentary and she didn’t listen. About a year later I finally saw the movie and big surprise I was right. Currently, she is now into all these conspiracy theories and stuff about the virus and she doesn’t want me to get the coronavirus vaccine because she’s reading all these conspiracy theories about all this random shit. And she has absolutely no idea what she was talking about. Like when I went to the doctor the other day she even asked the doctor about the vaccine and she said she didn’t know to much about it. I’m not saying nurses know everything, but at least they are in a higher position than you and they don’t even know much about it. Another thing about her, is that she can take absolutely no criticism at all. If you give her any she either gets mad at you or calls you disrespectful. If you bring up a problem that she does, she will go for you know how much I do for you’. Sometimes she listens but most of the time she says that. Another thing was, we were picking my friend up yesterday, and she told me to text my dad that we had picked the person up.  She said something that made her sound like she was talking to me if I was 5. which embarrassed me. Today I told her that is embarrassed me and that I didn’t like it, and she said I had no right to be angry at her and that she was my mother. I’m pretty pissed right now I can’t talk to my dad about it because he always sided with my mom. I love my mom she just us a lot of issues and she is choosing not to fix them.