Can we stop treating the “rich kids” so badly? I am what you would consider a stereotypically “rich kid”. My family has a considerable amount of wealth, I
get all the latest games and such. But it’s not because of any inheritance my parent’s got. They constantly work their asses of for me and my brothers.

Yes, we have people in the house that work for us. They do the laundry, clean the house, make the food and etc. I fucking hate it when I am at school and I say for example :”My clothes weren’t ready for today” and that one kid will say something like “You really don’t wash your clothes by yourself?” in a diminishing tone.

Sure, you have your shit to go through and it’s easy to make fun of someone but you need to stop. I was given everything that I wanted since I was born and, to be honest, it feels really good to know that my parent’s love me enough to be able to work every single day of their lives to provide for me in the best possible ways. 

Modern media portrays “rich kids” as selfish assholes who literally don’t know anything about taking care of themselves. But we are people. Yeah, I may not know how to wash, dry and iron my clothes but I do a lot of sport and am an accomplished athlete. 

When I was a small child I used to get amazing scores on tests without even trying. This got me used to not study and always get the best results. This turned into a problem down the line in which I got to about 6th or 7th grade and I literally could not study. I am still trying to correct this issue with myself and those comments about my lifestyle really do not help. My parents are really forgiving with grades and such but I feel like they shouldn’t be. I am trying to be a better person and make a better future for myself. Next time you want to make a snarky comment about someone not knowing how to make themselves a nice dinner at night think about what they might be going through.

Damn, reading this back is kind of cringe but I feel like I need to share this with you guys.