My two best friends moved away and they’re growing distant. We don’t talk unless I reach out. I don’t really know what to do. I’m not sure if this is a rant or asking for advice or what. Also not sure if these types of posts are welcomed on this sub but figured I’d try.

I’m not going to go into too much depth because I don’t want to reveal who these people are and their personal issues, but around two years ago, I reconnected with a guy I knew and had a crush on in 5th grade. He became one of my closest friends quickly; he’s honestly an awesome guy. Shy, rough around the edges but super sweet. Nothing is cuter than when a guy quietly asks you in gym class to help him write a book with him and his friends, right? Anyway, things were going good and we were so, so close to dating, when he told me he was moving to another state. Great. We have kept in contact but I still like him...a lot. Like, a really lot. I don’t know how to get over it. I want to at least stay friends but I feel like I’m the one putting in the effort. He told me before that he appreciates it and doesn’t want me to stop trying but he still doesn’t reciprocate. It’s not like I’m being weird or anything, just trying to chat.

My best friend also moved away last year due to personal reasons. Really great. Since she lives almost an hour away now, we are barely able to see each other since neither of us have cars (and she doesn’t have her license). She never texts me anymore, and while I try, it’s exhausting. It seems like one ever gives me the same effort even thought it felt so easy when they were still around. If I stop trying to talk to my crush and best friend, I will literally have no one. Maybe you guys will understand what I mean, but I’m super awkward and shy, I have never been able to make friends, and it’s worse with this weird virtual/in school hybrid thing we’re doing right now.

I don’t even know what I’m asking for,, just, how to deal with all of this? How to not feel like a bad friend?

I don’t know.