My mom is literally driving me to the point of thinking about bad things She literally won’t leave me alone, I’m not doing anything. I’m literally a straight A student, I’m a swimmer, I’m a drama scholar, I’m doing everything.

She shouts and screams at me everyday, when I try to talk to her she will scream even louder because she says I’m answering back at her. She argues with my dad, she tells my dad she doesn’t have the desire to live anymore because she has a tantrum when we accidentally misplace an item.

My dad got her a robot vacuum cleaner and mop which helps her clean, and all she has to do is dust. She does do the ironing which we offer to do but she always shouts at us because she says we do it wrong. Every time something isn’t right she always points a finger at me, it always leads to her being angry at me. Even when the conversation isn’t aimed to me at all, it ends up to something against me.

When she’s angry she takes the closest thing to her hand and chucks it at me, even if it’s a fork or a hanger. I told her to don’t even dare throw a knife or glass at me because she will be in serious problems.

But then when we are in public, she’s a whole new person. Tells everyone how good I am, how smart I am and how helpful I am at home. When we get home she immediately shouts at me because I don’t help her enough. 

I do my homework in as many recesses as I can do that when I get home I can relax for swimming practice the next morning. But when I do relax she fricking comes for my neck all the time.

She never says she’s proud of me. She only acknowledges my achievements not at home.
She whines about everything. 

She absolutely hates my room for some reason. She tantrums that it’s too messy, and dirty and disorganized. My dad comes to my room to check and he tells her that everything is literally organized and kept tidy. 

She then proceeds to shout at me because I never follow what she says, I always disrespect her, that she shouldn’t have taken me away with her. 

My own mother hates me, despises me and blames me for all her problems.

The only person I feel safe with is my dad, who is actually my step-dad even.

I just don’t feel a spark anymore, sorry.