DEPENDENCE ON HER OR HEROIN?? So i've been talking to my crush for like 5 months and we've become kind of really good friends(maybe).
i have heroin addiction and somedays im really fucked up so in the past 5 months i've had to ignore her for like 4-5 days and this happened 6 times.
Its always her who calls me, mostly after 2 a.m. cause i have sleeping problems and she has a fucked up sleep cycle 'cause of quarantine. 
Last time she we talked she emphasized the fact that she has to call everytime and said she wont be calling anymore and i will have to call her 

How do i tell her i'm too shy to even call her??

And what if she said she'd stop calling cause she got bored of me knowing the fact that i wont call. It seems like an easy escape off me. 
Even so i called her around not our usual time 7:00 p.m. she has'nt called back in two days
No texts on instagram but i know she's inactive on instagram
I sent her test related material on whatsapp, she received  it but hasn't read yet. 
1. Is she ignoring  me at all or she's just busy?? 
2. Is she ignoring  me cause she got bored and lost interest 
3. Is she ignoring  me cause she needs time to herself (maybe im too much to handle)
4. Is she ignoring  me to test me how much i care about her??  If thats the case what should i do?? I dont want to look needy 
5. Maybe she's not ignoring  me and something bad must have happened  cause her parents  are strict and she saved my contact info as LOVE(with 2 red hearts) its our inside joke that she calls me love and i do the same. Maaybe her parents saw a missed call from LOVE(with 2 red hearts) and confiscated her phone.

So the real question  is that what she wants??
She wants me to call her?? Or she wants my miserable existence(with 2 red hearts) out of her life 

Feels like i've already been friend-zoned and have no chances but i'm helpless here. Its because of her that my heroin addiction has decreased for a month or two i even stopped taking heroin but whenever she doesn't talk to me i take it again. Just yesterday i broke my 3 week streak cause she didnt call me.