My Bro Is a Simp Okay, so basically, my bro gets a girlfriend. Congratulations, right? But no, it's bad, really bad.

Due to some 'reasons', that girlfriend of his somehow have to play games with him, at midnight, 2 am to 4 am, sometimes 10 pm a.d more.

Playing games is fine, he plays all the time, the f ing problem is that he speaks to his girlfriend. You see, I don't have rooms and walls to separate the house, we basically live in one big room, so I just have to listen to his fucking flirts and fake giggles keep swirling around my ducking head.

I'm 16, I have exams and crap to do, logically, I need well sleeps, but NO, EVERY DAY, I got woken up by his stupid ass noises. My dark circles is so deep my teacher is literally asking me on lesson " Are you okay?"

That's not really the worst, the worst is he's older than me, a 19 or 20 years old adult, he needs to wake up at 5/6 every morning to work, but oh no, he didn't sleep, he decides to pull all-nighter just so he can speaks to his girlfriend... I don't remember girlfriend is more important than work???

That's not actually simping... So I'll get a better example. There's that one week, I have to get some dumb stuff and pay them myself, during online lessons, RIGHT BEFORE exams, 2 DAYS in a god damn roll, they cost like 500 and more. Those things are ALL for his girlfriend. Man, not even mom get shit from him. Also, he had two girlfriends before this one, they are similar, asking for gifts and everything, I remember he bought a game, an entire cosplay collection and more, just outright expensive... Despite the previous two heartbreak and literally so much money wasted, he still buy shit for that lady that he barely meets irl...

Lastly... That idiot bro praises her all the time. " I'll never leave you, silly." " Sweet baby" Blah blah blah, simply remembering it gives me a headache, and he dares call her " MATURE" in front of my ducking face. We are at the same age, I don't stay up except for homework, or there's no need to wake up early tomorrow, I know when to stop play phone, I know school is important. That girlfriend fucking literally stay up until almost morning to play games? That's mature??? What about your fucking school grade lady??? Mature your f ing ass, I bet my soul that ALL my school grade are all above her lazy, immature ass grade that's probably all the way down to bedrock... I mean, seriously, you stay up until 4 am and you are bonding a relationship with someone, how the fuck can you keep up with your grades like that?

Anyway that's it. It was supposed to be short complain that I haven't get any good quality sleep ever since he gets a girl but turns out my entire 5 months of holding back have much more anger and hatred that I expected... I tried asmr, I tried using ear plugs, fuck, nothing work. At this point, whenever he wakes me up, either I play games or just spam rock music in my head to block out the voices because holy fuck, between not sleeping and sleeping with that voice of his, I rather not sleep, his voices, makes me want to kill him