So i fucking texted my crush and damn i regret it. So she was my crush for a year and a half, and instead of other girls that i liked i was close yo her. Sitting next to her, talking with her all the time and supporting her when she cried ( which happened a lot.) but i last saw her at march, i was going to ask her to prom because i was an 8th grader but because of coronavirus there was no prom and i couldnt even said goodbye. Before all the pandemic, i asked her phone number or instagram but her parents wouldnt allow her to use social media. So after seven months i could finally get in contact with a close friend of hers and asked her if she had her number. But i accidentally asked the wrong person with the same name she didnt know her, but she was friends with the close friend of my crush so she told her. So my crush called me and asked me about those. My friend contacted her close friend too so he said she was gonna call me yesterday. But when she didnt i lost hope. But today someone called me and i was about to reject it then remembered it might be her. So i opened, it was her. We talked like 5 minutes and i asked if she wants to meet and talk. She said she would love to but she cant because her school was going to start. (In turkey whe take an exam where you need to do to go to good high schools. The better you on that exam the better high school you earn. So she did better than me and earned to go to the one of the best highschools in our city. But she told me instead of that school she went to an İmam Hatip ( a muslim school that teaches Kur-an and Arabic mostly and some other lessons too but mostly them and they dont teach science.) I told her why she selected it and she said it had a higher point than the other one ( yes but its only because muslim propaganda and everyone knows that ) and it was her decision. I couldnt argue with that so i said if you think thats right for you i cant say anything. Then i learned she now wears a turban. ( an arabic clothing that hides your hair and only shows your face ) and i asked why and she said it was her decision again. But i know that her family is very strict about these. They were muslims and hated people who werent believing İslam. And i knew her, she was a muslim but she werent that much, and when i talked to her she was like joyful or laughing but i heard some hiccups and cry sounds but when she coulnt hold herself she just waved the phone around i think, so the wind sound didnt let me hear her crying but i did. Her parents are abusive and she is not happy. At least i know that its just mental abuse not physicial thats very bad too but i think its better than both of them? But now im sad for her because her parents are gonna destroy her life