Here's the thing about "rednecks" Before I start I'll say this I live in a very left leaning area but frequently visit some of the most redneck places in the north west U.S.  I am a straight white male who is catholic. I lean more republican on many things however I fall libertarian on almost everything else including social injustice and lgbtq movement. I am a republican and if I were to vote I would not have voted trump or Biden last election. I do not support trump. You can call me racist homophobic all you want and I don't really give a shit because I am not. 

Rednecks can be racist yes, they can be homophobic although with my experience many don't really care.  My grandparent live in a very rural area surrounded by farms, hunters, and rednecks in general. I can go and walk around and talk with any of them for an hour without mentioning politics. I can mention my grandfather to anyone within 10 miles of my grandfathers house and I'll immediately earn some respect. My grandfather also has a hunting camp in northern pa and it's also surrounded by the most redneck people I've ever met. They are also some of the most friendly people I've ever met and will bullshit you for an hour about random stuff. We stand out by campfires at night while the adults drink and talk for hours. You'll hear a truck coming down the gravel road and know exactly that ohh bill is gonna stop by and have a beer. The people two cabins down that none of the people that stay at our cabin have ever met and they will almost immediately become best friends. Me and my grandfather were driving up a hill or head out to our hunting location and we see a  kid and a guy in his mid 50s walking up this steep hill with their rifles.  My grandfather instantaneously turns around and tells them to hop on and he'll drive them to the top of the hill.  Another day I was at a restaurant/ bar and this dude just starts talking to me about a tick crawling up his hand. It's hilarious the things these people will talk about. I love them all even though I might disagree with them at times. 

In conclusion rednecks aren't all racist, homophobic jerks that don't want to talk to you. And they are very friendly and willing to do you a favor