Mmk I need some advice if y'all are willing to give it. (Boy Trouble) Ok no judgement in my taste in guys ok? I don't really need that rn. I'm a 14 y/o girl.

Anyway, there's three guys I like. I'm trying to figure out which one to go after, and I can't really flirt with all of them at the same time because two of them are brothers. So let's call them brother one, brother two, and other. I'm currently pursuing brother two and other as I have some background stuff about brother one. Here's some info.

Brother one is very cute. He is skinny and goofy and is a very attractive triangle shape. He is also 14 y/o. His detriments in my eyes are that he's kind of hard to talk to and he has a sort of mentality of "if the fan base is too big/toxic it must be bad", meaning he doesn't like games like undertale and stuff like that. He also has that sort of little brother gotta-have-my-way mentality, though I think he tries not to. But otherwise he's pretty sweet and he makes me feel special. Or at least he did. The reason I'm not really persuing him right now is that I've had to get over him multiple times for various reasons. But I did fall for him multiple times so you know he's gotta be pretty cool lol.

Brother two is much more mature than brother one. He likes music and art, and I feel like I could probably ramble on about stuff to him if I wanted to. He's got long hair and he's a little on the bigger side (which means cuddles :) ). He is kind of stubborn but if you explain your side he'll be reasonable. He's a big grammar nazi but I am a minor grammar nazi anyway so that doesn't bother me as much. He sort of said he was ace tho? He said he hasn't liked anyone as of yet when I last asked him (it was like a year ago tho). I asked him if that meant he was ace and he said "I guess?" But I'm not sure he knew exactly what I was talking about? I know a couple of other guys who said they hadn't liked anyone but now they have girlfriends. So idk.

Other is a very interesting case. I'll start with the plusses. As long as you aren't in an argument, he is very nice. He has let me ramble on before and he isn't very talkative, which kind of sucks when I can't think of anything to fill in a conversation but is great when I feel like talking for forever. When I was having a tough time emotionally at school he would always make me feel safer, just by being there and listening. I'm kind of a nutjob in case you couldn't tell, so it's nice to have someone who doesn't mind me being a bit over the top. Also, I found out that he's really ripped. I was on a discord call and he got dared to take his shirt off (I had told the guy who dared him that I liked other earlier). At first he was like yeah no but eventually he agreed and did it off camera. Then he put his arm back into frame and freaking flexed and it was insane. Then he put his shirt back on and finished buttoning it up on screen which was mega hot. Also he's a bit on the bigger side like brother two so cuddles would also be involved. But anyway despite all the positives he has a lot of things that bother me. First of all, he's very christian. He always talks about crusades and stuff and he means it as a joke but he just always sounds so serious.... And he does it a LOT, a lot. He also maintains certain christian beliefs that are not so nice to everyone and I'm sure you can figure out which ones I mean. It's not like he's loud about those or even brings them up on his own but it just sort of bugs me to know. The other major downside is that he's VERY stubborn. Like no matter what you say, if he's made his decision on a discussion he won't change his mind about it, no matter what you say. I feel like it would probably be easier to diffuse the situation and convince him about stuff off discord but we only ever talk on discord nowadays, and we never used to argue before we went to exclusively online talking.




Anyways....... Idk if anybody can help me with this based on this info but if you can that'd be great. Thanks in advance!