Relationship advice Almost two years ago i found a girl who i tought was like me and we found out we had alot in common, didnt take too long to become best friends and i tought we were soulmates. In some moment i cant really tell she started flirting with me and i started flirting back a little (i was scared as most of my relationships didnt work out so i wanted to go slow). We were speaking alot thru phone and call went on even when we slept. We even made videocalls i never had done before and we made each other more positive. I lost all my friends to give her all my time and attention. I tought i found a perfect relationship so I started collecting money to meet (she is living like 200km apart of me) and we met first time in real life in december (4 months together) i brought her some gifts and candy i tought she may like and she gave me picture she painted of me. After that we met more every time i could get bus ticket, she didnt have a change to travel because of her family so she invited me to her house one time. Everything was fine but in april she started doing calls with another guy and we made less calls together. When i talked about it she promised she wont do more calls with any boys. But this is when everything went downhill. She still did calls and one day i couldnt get to her, she ignored my calls and messages, i messaged to her friends asking if she is fine. Finally i talked with the guy she called usually and he said that my girl called him like 10 min ago and told that she is bored, her friend told her that he is busy and they didnt speak more this day but when i found this out i was out of my mind and started self harming again (i didnt do it for months before because i found happyness in her). The next day i wrote to her and she told me its just a friend and i need to change and she said she will leave me if i dont change. It hurt me but i tried to change. (It was first time she broke promise to me and threatened to break up) After that we had some hard times but managed to come out of these without much sadness. In august i made her a suprise and moved to a city near her place to go to school there. One night when she fell asleep with her phone open one of her friends where writing with her so i looked in theyr chat and saw she did class with him and they talked shit about me. Next night when we were watching the stars i talked about her doing calls with other guys and when did she last do any. She ansvered me that it was like months ago (in reality last one was less than a week ago) and promised she wasnt lying. After that i told her what i saw and went for a walk. When i was walking i saw a broken bottle and i started cutting my hand again. That all is still hurting me and i even have nightmares. Last week we had an argument because she was manipulating me again. We are on thin ice now and i dont know what to do because i dont want to leave her but i cant stand the pain too. I feel like i gave everything i could to be enough but she didnt even care about it.
Can anyone give me some advice on what to do next or how to act?

Also thanks to everyone who took time to read my story and sorry if my english isnt very good.