I am cripplingly addicted to custard Edit: r/custard wouldn't take me so I come here for salvation.


It all started on a normal day. A casual stroll through the woods with a group of friends. from a distance, not very different from any other time except there was one caveat. My friend brought a half drunk 1L of Paul's Australian custard. He casually asked "want a sip?". I usually am pretty resistance to trying new foods/drinks but I was in an adventurous mood and decided to take a swig (drink). The creamy touch of the custard touched my lips. The vanilla-ly flavour soothed my everlong-ing pain that I had always felt. My stress and anxiety was completely eradicated from my body, I truely felt at peace with the earth.

Don't get me wrong, I have had custard before. One of my favourite dessert foods when I was just a young boy but .. this time it was different. Paul struck me down with his particular blend of the vanilla god drink and I was hooked. 

It started off as a once a month thing when I had some spare change and wanted to soothe my sweet tooth, I would have it with ice cream or cake. I slowly started to realise I enjoyed drinking it more than eating the cake. Then it become a once a week thing. I would put back a loaf of bread just so I had enough money to afford a few litres of the beautiful cream. 
I started buying it almost daily. The kids would some nights go hungry because daddy needs his custard. 

It's started effecting my marriage. My wife would sometimes find me asleep naked covered in Paul's goodness. 

My wife has left me and she took the kids. They were the last thing keeping me sane. 

After that I just started injecting custard directly into my veins and feeling Paul's power rush through me. I never know what week it is anymore or when the last time I ate solid food or showered was. 

Deep down I want to escape, know that I can clean up and become a better husband and mostly, a father. But I keep getting pushed down into my shell by society and Paul is the only way I fell at home... Like anyone cares for me. 

This is a cry for help. 
Please 
Save me.