It's 3:42 in South East Asia rn. I'm sitting with my phone in my hand typing this out. I got into a college but I don't know if I deserved it, I don't know if I'll be successful or if I'll fail. I feel the same way I told myself I won't feel. I feel.. Suicidal, I've had a life which some of u may look at and say "be happy" but all my childhood I've known nothing but physical abuse. It's stopped now cause now my parents can't actually hurt me (I mean I'm 16, I can beat the shit out of them) but ever since 8 grade the abuse lifted and I've had less violent memories? I feel like shit most of the time, worthless, hidden, scared. I feel like one single leaf in a bouquet of beautiful flowers. I'm bi and if anyone were to know, I'd be tortured, raped and arrested. The police would help torture me. They may say "free speech" but let's just say I'm not convinced. They hunt people like me.


I don't know if walking down this road is what I have to do.. Maybe I'll just skip to the end of the road. I have only one childhood (friend)? But he doesn't like me. I have zero friends in general. My mother doesn't believe that mental health is a thing and she can't tell why I don't get out of bed, she can't tell why I'm angry waking up. I don't have a life expectancy farther than 18 years old.


I'm stuck in this shit hole, it's so bad, so bad. I feel like crying most of the time but I've become so devoid of emotions that I can't even cry when I want to. I feel like I'm going insane. My mom and dad fight every day, all day. They make me so angry it makes me want to repay the physical abuse they did. It makes me want to hurt them. They don't shut up.


Only one thing loves me unconditionally and That's my pet bird. I don't remember the last time my mother or father hugged me or said "I love you" unconditionally. I don't  remember  the last time any one did, really.


It hurts so much, seeing all these posts saying "I got a girlfriend/boyfriend!!" or "she said yes!!!". I hate myself for being imperfect, for being born into this world. I can't love a boy or a girl. I can't have a girlfriend or a boyfriend if I do they'll kill me. I'd be just one more bastard sinner, right.


The moment I'm 18 I'm buying a fire arm and blowing my brains away. My mom will know the meanings of all the hateful words she said to me. My father will be dead by then naturally (he's old). My brother well he'll have all the love my mother had to share between us.


I've searched for God and I've seen nothing. I haven't witnessed his love or his beauty however in the books he calls people like me sinners, devils. He wants people like me dead. I detest God and this life he gave me. I detest everything I am.



It hurts to stay alive, its pointless by now. Call me whatever you want, it doesn't matter to me.