My friend survived a suicide attempt that no one expected. So, the title may sound stupid as fuck, but just read this, and it will make sense.

He has been one of my best friends, since i was 5 years old, almost 13 years of friendship, lets call him Matt, he is like my brother, and he is a really selfless person.

You could never tell if something was wrong, i mean, he was always happy, in a good mood, and his mood is infectious, he can cheer you up in as little as five minutes.

The point is, he really has a heart of gold, and thats why you would never expect this sort of thing from him. I wish i paid more attention, but when your used to being around a super positive and happy person you kind of forget to consider the fact that maybe, its all a show to distract everyone from the real him, nonetheless i am partly responsible for this, and that is coming from me.

Enough context, this is what happened.

Last week on the 17th i was getting a tattoo done on my arm, and i was there for a couple of hours, i put my phone on silent so it wont distract us, and the time passed pretty quickly, after i left i saw a couple of missed calls from matts father, i called back and he said Matt has been rushed into the hospital.

He had overdosed on pills, codeine, i have no idea where he could’ve gotten them from but it shocked me, he was apparently passed out, and i don’t know all the details because I couldn’t go visit him because of rona.

He’s home now, and i talked to him, turns out, he was extremely depressed, he felt like no one gave a shit about him, no one asked how he was doing, he is tired of everyone taking him for granted. He was ashamed to ask for help, because he was scared of humiliation, especially because todays society only focuses on women’s mental health.

Ive apologized many many times, and explained to him everything from my point of view, he says he doesn’t blame me, but im still at fault, i know it. 

He has online therapy once a week and he’s starting tomorrow. 

If this post gets any attention i really hope you guys will look out for each other, looks can be deceiving and this pandemic has affected everyones mental health.

I hope i wont get accusations or hate comments, i really don’t need it and it is really a hard time to deal with, sorry if i made some mistakes in my post.