i dont have anyone to talk to this about so here i am hi. how are you everyone? me? well i’m sick and tired of school, im desperate for any emotional or physical attention, i have some kind of mommy issues, i can’t remember the last time i was truly happy, i hate the way my face looks, i hate how i’m awkward at times. i hate that i’m a coward. i want someone who isnt family to care about me because love in my family is always forced. i wish that someone would think of me and wonder how i am doing, to smile when they think of me, to think “i miss them”. essentially, someone to think of me the same way i think of them. i’ve been rejected 6 times in a row. so i’m 0/6 right now . the first couple times were ok but the 5th and 6th ones hurt because you start to think “is there something wrong with me?” why do people who are complete douchebags have people who care about them? why doesn’t anyone care about me? if i left and never came back no one would notice. everyone would say “hey where’s he?” and then just shrug it off. and its not like i dont talk to people. i have a good amount of friends, i’m not necessarily *popular* but i have enough to not be considered a social outcast. people just don’t know who i am. they dont know my name. im just forgettable i guess. expendable. useless.  and to everyone reading dont worry about me i’m too much of a coward to kill myself. i’ll wait at least two years in hopes that i’ll be able to function and not despise who i am. i know that i should be able to be happy being single, which i can be, when i’m busy or with some friends. but when i’m home alone im just sad. i talk to myself. being my own therapist isnt fun. my greatest quality being a good friend, i am a loyal person and would do anything for my friends. they’re the only thing that is really important to me because they care. not romantically, but platonically. they dont know how much i appreciate them but i do. i dont want them to feel like i do. i’ll take all the pain so they dont have to. im tired of everything, nothing is interesting anymore, i have little interest now. ig i’ll just go to sleep now. goodnight everybody and thanks for reading