Story I had to write a story for school, (this wasn’t a attempt to be edgy it was just my interpretation on the school system), advice? There’s a sudden hush, and the hairs on the back of my neck begin to prickle. The steely wind cuts through the rustling trees. Everything feels fresh and alive, poised for action and yet there stuck inside only to watch the rain slide down the windows. I turned to see the rest of the class's blank lifeless expressions as they copied down the notes on the board. I thought there was no real point to copying them down but I wouldn’t say that and it looked as if none of the others would. The teacher turns to us with an empty grin “don’t forget we have that test tomorrow. I have high expectations”, the bell rings and everyone leaves the room, the hallways are only filled with the footsteps of students otherwise it is silent. It's a gloomy place and yet there’s no way out. It's my second home, my prison and that it shall stay. I hate this place, for I live in it every day only to come back to it hoping one day we would burn it all to the ground. The next class was no different to the last, writing, writing, writing. It was as if we were stuck in this never ending loop of being taught how to be the same.

The rain pelted down at the windows. I had never seen it like this before, outside become swallowed in a thick mist and the windows became foggy. No one liked the rain and only saw it as an inconvenience or a reason to stay inside not wishing to let the water ever touch them. But why not? The water is clean. It's warming. It helps things grow. It is an amazing phenomenon that no one really truly wants to experience. The school took rain for a killer that will leave you paralyzed. Perhaps that’s why no one liked it, the students will see it and only long to immerse themselves in it only to get punished for liking something that not many people do. What we all feel deep inside us is this horrible, disgusting feeling and all you want to do is cry. This constant feeling of being trapped and not being able to do anything to stop it.

The teachers don’t have names anymore, their personalities stripped by their mask of a smile. The same thing happens day after day without anyone questioning it. Without stopping to release what has become of us. Without thinking that we could possibly do something that we're not teached. Without releasing we don’t all have to be perfect, but we play along anyway. We are taught by people who tell us we should be nothing but a perfect student and nothing will change their minds. “Everyone is special” they will tell us but we know we may as well have numbers for names.

When the school day ends it seems like it should stop but no. Smothered in school work. Pressure from parents and family to succeed. Slowly leaving out things you enjoy doing as the years go on. Our world is slowly being poisoned by greed and a lack of sympathy and the generations that live in it will only carry it on. The world turned from a happy free place into nothing but a cold hearted place of despair and torment everywhere you go. We are all placed in a specific role we have to comply with, as for the people who don’t follow the rules that society has made they become outcasts, unwanted and unneeded. This is what we have become and this is what we believe 

If our grades are perfect then we are perfect, complete, normal.