Privacy (or lack thereof) Okay, so everything stems from a meeting that my family had tonight that kinda blew up (I'm an only child, 17F) and I really feel the need to talk about it. apologies for formatting, I'm on mobile. 

The meeting started with my mom bringing up grievances from earlier in the day, not gonna talk about it more because she was justified in that regard. 

Somehow through the discussion I ended up bringing up an old problem that I really wanted to address again. The problem is the fact that the lock to my room broke when I was like 7 and they've always refused to fix it. This time, instead of just asking them to let me get a lock, I decided that I'd try to explain to them fully my motivation behind wanting a lock. 

The issue is because when I was younger, my mom and I have really bad fights sometimes (still do), and I'd try to hide in my room to get some space. My mom didn't like that (because I think I'd also stop responding to her) and would try to force herself in. Now, since I didn't have a lock and I was significantly weaker than an adult, she would be able to come in even though I didn't want her to. Add on that sometimes over the years, she'd confiscate my electronics after a really bad fight (I'll admit that some of them were probably justified, don't remember all of them that well), and I don't feel secure that anything I own is mine. 

I don't feel secure that my room actually belongs to me, and therefore I don't feel secure that any of my belongings belong to me either. Therefore, the only thing that I have control over is myself. As a result, I tend to not share any very personal information with my parents (my dad is a bit better though) and as I'm an only child, I spend a lot more time online because I can socialize. This includes not letting them read any essays I write (essays in particular because math-type hw is more impersonal) and I don't like to ask them for help on stuff like critiquing my writing because I'd tried before and nothing good's come of it. 

So. Anyways I tried explaining that to them in pieces because I still don't feel comfortable letting them know how I think. My dad was quite understanding which was comforting because he's my rock but my mom was, I guess upset? Everything just happened so I might write out of order idk. 

She feels like I'm disrespecting her or "spitting on her" (quoted) because I won't explain my thoughts to her sometimes. She feels hurt at the fact that I want to install a functioning lock on my door (this was from a while ago but the sentiment remains). She's the sort of parent that thinks because she's my mom she's obligated to my respect if that helps. She's older and Chinese so I understand that there's a very strict focus on respect for the elderly and stuff like that. 

Whenever I try to explain more, I feel like she's not trying to see my side and just stating what she thinks I think. Like for example, I might've said that I don't like the fact that you come into my room whether I want you to or not. The first time, she immediately thought of, you don't want me to come in and make the bed or air your room and got very hurt. Then the next time she said something like "you want to be able to not talk to me". Stuff like that so it gets frustrating really quick and that's why I usually don't bother explaining. 

What really bothers me though is that after she said something that I really just couldn't endure anymore, I ran up with all my electronics (had been gathered up in case) and locked myself in the bathroom. From there, my dad I think sat across on the staircase (not gonna explain my house structure bc I don't have the energy rn) and my mom sorta paced outside/going into her room (shares a wall with the bathroom). My dad sorta calmed us both down a bit and then after a question or smth I was trying to summarize the frustrating parts that I wanted to get across into two points. She wouldn't stop interrupting and kinda mocking me I guess? Like being sarcastic/deliberately misinterpreting what I mean before I finish. So of course I was hurt but also I'd expected it. She came back later and was a bit better but like I always feel like she's not actually trying to understand what I'm trying to say. That's when I end up just giving up on trying to explain because I feel like it doesn't matter. She keeps asking questions like "why do you keep these thoughts to yourself" when I've already explained why. 

Update just now, she thinks that I'm keeping my thoughts to myself just to disrespect and piss her off. 

Not sure if I explained it earlier but I don't like to share because they're my thoughts and I can control what I share but also because if I share it than it can be used to hurt me. 

She also has valid arguments and I can understand why she's upset about some things but I just can't stand when she's being purposely obtuse. She also gets like really emotional and says things like "I give so much to you guys and you don't treat me well;; I wish I could distance myself from you but I can't so don't take advantage of it"

I think we work better with some space (did a precollege thing last year and it was so nice, we only saw each other once a week)

I don't know. I love her and she can be really great sometimes but other times I just want to be away from her when she's mad. I've taken to running away by turning up the volume of my music which makes her mad and I can see how that's rude but it helps me calm down by only focusing on the song. 

Sorry for the really long post; I've toyed with posting smth here for a while and I guess tonight I just had it. I know I'm probably really biased but I just had to get it out. I'm not really sure what flair to put but hopefully it's okay and I'm fine with changing it if it suits smth else better. 

I guess any insight from parents and from other people would be nice? I don't really feel like talking to people I know right now so. I don't really know what I want out of this. I'm just tired and I really want to be able to move for college. (-｡-;