Today i stood for my friend and the bois kicked me out of the group. i have a group of friends like the bois. one particular guy pushes everyone around and is a real bitch. he is more of an asshat and hes asked me but i didn't wanna tell him the truth. hes told more than one of his friends that they're ugly behind thier back and to thier face. according to him he seems like he puts himself on a very high pedestal and wont hesitate to claim leadership roles and push us about.
ive grown sick of his shit.
hes bullied my very nice and united friends group(seperate ppl) and a girl from the group stood up for my gay friend when he made jokes about him in front of others like an asshole.
i stood by and watched as he told her to go suck her fathers cock.
i was mad nut i did nothing and i wish i had, because i was super close to her and she was really a nice person.
ik ppl say its fine to sit by and dont do anything but im sick of doing that.
he helped bully and commit to the cause of another of my friends suicides and he called later to apologize after the funeral. what use was it now?

so today, one of the bois shared a post  about marxisim and they started hating on it and Saying its disgusting and it was just one other guy and that asshole i mentioned earlier. then they bought up another one of my friends, this guy who (i am not close to him but hes a friend as in i see him often i guess) is a genuinely mice person. hes down to talm if u feel suicidal. he puts stuff on his story about how if ur fat or think ur ugly ur not  and i think ur beautiful (ik its crazy cheesy but yea). and tbh anyone can post what they want i mean idc its not a big deal.
but these guys from so called 'bois' starts saying how what he said is bs and stuff and bottom line: "it was dumb that he cared for people." at this point i got so annoyed and mad. i was fueled by the fact that i never took a stand for these people that cared for me. NO the real people that cared for me. and i said (well not much but) why cant they just messge privately and what was all of that for. (cuz it was useless and sad that a bunch of wankers were arguing on a grp to prove something). 

long story short: stood up for my friend when they said some shit about his story and i got kicked out and the guy doing it told me to shut up. and now that i lool at it im glad i was kicked out and had to put on a facade to pretend i was happy. i mean these people are good and i still dont regret what i did with the bois but there's a limit to an asshole in the group and im not sorry if u cant take that or think that the bois are everything but tbh i don't mind it.
  they added mw back bit im sorry im leaving. Theyre too exhausting. and tbh that guys too dramatic and needs to get his shit together.