my experience with discord hey there, i just wanted to make this rant because its been on my mind for a long time now. and i felt like this would be the right place to talk about it since a lot of people here also have discord.

about 3 years ago now, i joined discord. My initial reason for it was to ask for help on how to install a mod for a game. During that time i also started feeling just really sad and things just didn't feel right anymore to the point where i started questioning myself if i should even be here anymore. And my go to was discord. No one knew who i was and there were plenty of people who were nice and seemed genuinely interested in trying to help people. so a few months passed, and with the help of some online friends i was able to slowly get better again. and then at one night it just hit me. there were hundereds, thousands of people who also feel like how i felt or even worse. that's when i actively started searching for people on discord who needed help. and it didn't take long before my dms were filled with people all around the world who also felt lost, who also felt scared just like how i felt. and after a year of trying my best to give people the best advice and trying to always be there for them, it just got too much for me and i kinda crashed. i fell back to the state i was in before all of this. it didn't take long for me to feel better again since my friends were there for me just every day to cheer me up and make my day worth living, and im so so greatful for that. and then we are where i am now. i still use discord to talk to my friends, and sometimes i still meet people that are in a really bad mental state, and most of the time it isn't even their own fault. 50% of the time it's their parents or just any third party that's just abusing them and making them feel like it just isn't worth staying here on earth anymore. 

and the thing i just want to say to everyone on here is that: if there is someone around you that you see is feeling bad or is just sad, please dont hesitate to help them. even if they say they're fine, just make them feel special for once. you cant imagine how good it feels to hear a compliment sometimes. i want everyone on here to look out for eachother, even for people you dont like, they are still human beings, and a human life is worth so so much. 

also from the point of view from the other side, if you are having trouble or even if you are just sad, even for the smallest thing. dont hesitate to ask someone for help, even if its just online, whatever help you can get is still help. 

the reason for this post is because of what i have seen throughout my years of being on discord and what i've recently also been starting to see with my irl friends. i am worried, im worried about everyone on here that isn't feeling good and feels like they are trapped. 

and that's why i just wanna say that i love all of you and respect you, no matter where you came from, no matter what you did, just stay strong and keep your head up untill you can follow your own way and your own path to happiness. i encourage all of you to do what makes you happy and also to help others find their happiness &lt;3