My mom won't let me paint my nails black Okay for some context
This was today just after I mentioned I wanted to paint my nails black. Just because its fun, and I wanna express myself yk?

Now my parents are very traditional Christians and raised me with those principles. Idk I'm not as into the stuff as they are, I'm breaking away a bit, but that's a conversation for another day. My mom has casually mentioned her "goth days", which I shrugged off as a phase, bc many people go through a phase (or it's just their style). She's very conservative in how she dresses and the clothes she buys me (for example, the other day I asked if I could get a Hawaiian shirt bc they're dope af and genuinely my style and what I'd like to wear. She said "girls don't wear things like that", then proceeded to get a tight fitting pink blouse which isn't really my style but I'm grateful for what I got). 

Aight ima try remember how the conversation went down-

Me: yeah I kinda wanna try painting my nails black
Mom: no no I won't allow that
Me: why?
Mom: because i said so
Me: ...
Mom: that's just not what we do
Me: but why isn't it what we do??
Mom: that's not what girls like you put on their nails
Me: but like, why? I don't understand
Mom: it gives people the wrong idea of you
Me: but like... people would see the way I dress? And if they cared they would get to know me and then have an idea of me right??
Mom: it attracts the wrong people, come on
Me: HOW THO? It's literally just a colour
Mom: yes but you have no idea what other people are up to and what they think when they see your nails are black
Me: (at this point I just gave up and listened coz I knew there was no convincing her)
Mom: listen to me now. I went through a goth phase. I know what kind of people you meet. All sorts of people who you don't wanna get involved with. Many of these satanists and wIeRd PeOpLe aren't those wearing black coats and prophesying their truth. It's the doctors, lawyers, teachers, who have an influence on children. I don't want a gOoD GiRl LiKe yOu to end up there, involved with the wrong people
Me: ...
Mom: trust me. I know more than you



All of this. Over a thing as simple as nail colour. Smh