crush story coming up :D tl;dr i have a crush :( 

nothing big, i just kinda wanna get it out there i guess 

so i (15M) have been eyeing this girl (15F) for like 3 years, this last year we finally talked and i was swept off my feet, it happens. i always knew she was something else but i really fell for her in pe when she was put in my group (middle so it’s not too hard or too easy) with the boys, we just kinda clicked i guess and - not to sound arrogant - were by far the best players in the group (it was football/soccer btw). over time we bonded, lucky for me she was moved into my french and history classes as well as all three sciences (in addition to pe) and is next to/near me in three of these. it was to the point where i foolishly had hope that she felt the same, like she used to not only talk to me and enjoy it but she’d actually start the conversation, come over to me, ask for my snap, my digits, my address. id never had anything like this, certainly not from a girl 

she’s a raunchy one, it’s great because i know it’s just jokes but at the same time that sucks. 

anyways moving on, covid was already present during this but i was given a proper slap in the face with this lockdown, at first things were perfect, talking for what? 8 hours straight. daily. i loved that! it was only a couple months ago but it feels like years. over time tho - with all the isolation and everything - we changed. things happened ill try tell these things quickly 

as a result of lockdown and online school id developed terrible, terrible habits. ranging from: 

keeping myself awake on purpose because i 1) wanted to delay the next shitty day or 2) wanted to fantasise over her hahah 

as a result of this, sleeping when i shouldn’t be 

ignoring my school work cos i simply didn’t care anymore, it really sucked, kinda hated myself for it 

alcohol abuse (will get into that in a bit) 

as well as worries about my family cos i found a letter about my dad cheating (date 2009 so idrk what to say), my mum said she’d tell us one day, that sucked but is unrelated to my story so don’t worry 

anyways, on my birthday i was feeling like shit as always but it was my birthday so i wanted to change that, as i said i honestly didn’t give a damn about my school work anymore and had started drinking a lot more (previously i might’ve had two or three beers or something but that’s all) 

parents had gone out so i just thought, “fuck it” and opened my dads whiskey that he never drinks, i have no idea why he has it. but i am a naive and irresponsible idiot and drank way too much. landed myself in hospital, on my birthday, blood alcohol was off the charts of course, parents disappointed as ever, my sister was scared and i just felt like a fucking asshole for this. my dad and sister had gone through my phone, and im not even gonna go into what they found, i think you can guess but let’s just say they’re not too fond of my friends now. 

i made my way back home and my crush had been messaging me relentlessly (whilst my dad was going through my phone he must’ve opened her messages and ignored them i believe) she was very concerned. it made me feel great tho, someone outside of my family cared, not only that but someone i care about cared, anyways the news spread and i felt like a bit of a twat but what’s in the past isn’t gonna change so i try not to dwell on it 

**TL;DR had an alcohol induced seizure and crush was very helpful to me** 

problem is, i feel we’re drifting, like really drifting, nearly missing streaks cos we hardly talk, dry messages on the rare occasion we do talk, i haven’t played minecraft with her in a month or so, other games even longer. i feel like i just annoy her now, always kinda do this with people to be honest. 

good news was that we’re back in school, in person school, and i thought that it’d be great, nah, as if anything’s ever gonna be fucking great. all it is is me being around her all the time, but it’s not how it was, she used to come over to me now i don’t even get a wave unless i bring it on myself, i love seeing her happy (especially after what she went through with her mum and cancer, but i won’t go into that) but then i remember that it’s not me she’s happy about, im not even on my mind, whether this is the case or not it’s how i feel and, obviously, it hurts like hell. i miss her when she’s not there, im an anxious wreck when she is, but i miss her when she is there and am an anxious wreck when she’s not, it’s like im fucking dedicating myself to her when i know full well i shouldn’t. how the fuck do i get over a crush without having to completely shut her out of my life, any advice is appreciated thank you so much! and any questions you have, feel free to tell me about your crushes too i would love to hear :D 



to finish im just gonna quickly say music helps, i may as well share some of the songs (as i love music more than anything) that make me think of her positively or make me reminisce 

power trip - j. cole 

last night on earth- green day 

part of the list - ne-yo (the whole album does to be honest) 

mirrors - justin timberlake 

pink + white and godspeed - frank ocean 

nothing - rex orange county 

coldest winter - kanye (was playing this when we were first talking a lot) 

dilemma- nelly 

and here are a couple songs that make me sad thinking about her or just thinking about this past few months (but sad in a good way if you know what i mean) 

wasted time - eagles 

swimming pools - kendrick lamar 

a song about being sad - rex orange county 

COFFIN - jessie reyez 

sing for the moment - eminem