This is the kind of stuff that pisses me off So me and my mom were out to lunch today with my mom’s friend and my mom’s friend’s son (not my choice, it was for my mom’s friend’s son’s birthday) and went to this pub because it had outdoor seating and that’s safer and all. It wasn’t terrible, besides that there was a ton of bugs, and towards the end me and my mom started overhearing the table next to us (solid 5-6 feet away) because they were talking pretty loud. There’s this little kid, maybe 5-6, that was complaining that his baseball team was bad, he was in a jersey so he must have just played a game with his little league, and he was upset because his team wasn’t contributing. The dad (dad I think?) had to explain to him that it was okay, etc etc etc. I was cracking jokes at our table about how “I was so used to this conversation because I’m the best at everything” and “I’ve heard it all before”. Anyways I wish I hadn’t. At the end right before we left, my mom hears the dad (I think the dad. She told me what she heard but I don’t remember who she said said it) say “I hope the kid who tested positive wasn’t the really good player”. Come the fuck again? First off, stop being a whiny ass bitch that your team is bad when one of your teammates caught the fucking virus. Be happy you’re not on a ventilator. Second, to the adults at the table, why the fuck, **why the fuck**, are you eating out in public, around people, when you fucking know someone who tested positive. Why the fuck are you not quarantining, why are you out where you’re touching plates and within feet of waiters and waitresses when you know damn well you might be carriers. I don’t know if this mystery kid was at a game when he was positive. He may have caught it early. The kid may not have it. They may not have it. They probably didn’t give it to us, we were distanced. But take fucking precaution. Just because you may not care about getting it, you clearly don’t if you’re more upset your bitch ass baseball team sucking than having a life threatening virus, doesn’t mean others don’t. Stay home if you were potentially in contact or proximity. I wish death upon no one but these are the kind of people that I wouldn’t be upset if they caught the virus. Maybe that would teach them to be humble and have priorities. People like this are why the pandemic isn’t ending