My life is quite literally a living hell The past year has been absolute hell for me, my mom caught her boyfriend cheating last march and since then it's been on and off arguments like every week. My mom's ex is still living with us even though he's not with anyone(or so he says).

Not really related but, my younger(not youngest) is currently in Hawaii so when you don't see him included thats why

Because we were supposed to move last year April I believe we threw put our mattresses except for my youngest brothers and my mom's so older brother and i have been sleeping on the floor for like a year now

One time when my mom was hanging with her friend(who was a girl) and he thought she was with some man and he came inside and broke our two big tvs and was yelling at my 3 brothers and i that he was going to beat my mom up to the point she has to go to the hospital and if we try to stop him he's going to beat us up too. Mind you i'm as tall as him but he's really strong and my 13 year old twig ass and my older brother are weaker than him cause yknow he's an adult.

Another time he tried to take my mom's phone and he was all on her and i started hitting him and shit and i eventually got him a little off of her and i grabbed her phone. He then pushed me in a corner and was trying to choke me, i just let it go as long as i could so my mom could get up. I then threw the phone to my brother and it ended there.

Another time we were all asleep and then we got woken up to my mom falling on us due to my mom's ex punching her and she says "call the cops" to kinda scare him away but i take it seriously because i had just woken up to my mom just fell on us because she got punched by a man who has been terrorizing us for about 3 months at that point. 


The past 3-4 weeks i have been in trouble for LITERALLY NO REASON. The past couple days he's been letting me have my phone for a little bit but he says "put it up at (insert time here)" or "i'll let you know when you gotta put it up". But last night he said "put it up later tonight" and so at 9:00 i'm just getting out of the bathroom and i think "oh yeah i have to put my phone up" and then my mom's ex is in the doorway saying "i said later tonight not bedtime" mind you my bedtime for the week is 10:00 not 9:00. I'm supposed to be getting a laptop today and because of this i can only use it for school, he's saying he's giving my phone to someone else, and i'm in trouble all through summer or whatever. I was supposed to go to my friends to get my laptop and we could set it up but now i'm not allowed to go there for a while or some fucking bullshit.

And this college essay doesn't even go through a quarter of what i have to deal with at home. There's no point in telling him anything because he simply will not care. I talk to my mom about it sometimes but it's also useless because she won't do anything about it. It's like she's choosing keeping her ex around over her kids or something. I'm at the point where If theres anything i can do to get out the house i'll do it.

I probably missed something but i don't care i just needed to say something 

I have to go at 2:00 pm est cause thats when my school ends and i wont have my phone, i might even have to go earlier than that. My dms are open if you wanna talk.