Forced equality is not equality nor is it equity There are many people out there that are still convinced that the existence of juries or work forces that are composed of all whites are racist or bad. Others say that minorities need to be in certain groups for equal representation even if they are less qualified than someone in the majority.

First of all, lets talk about the former statement. Imagine you have a large bag. You put 73 white marbles in the bag. Then you put 16 black marbles in the bag. After that, you put an assortment of different marbles for the final 11 (these represent other groups). This gives you 100 marbles in the bag.

Mix up the bag and then take 10 marbles out without looking. This may be a workforce for a small business, or a group of friends, or whatever. Look at the colours of the marbles. Record it, and put it back in the bag. You will find that if you repeat this experiment hundreds or even thousands of times, there will be instances where you pull 10 white marbles. *This is not racism, this is literally true randomness. if there is a majority of one group of people in a nation, chances are that there are smaller groups of people only comprised of that particular race.* you could pull 10 black marbles, but that is incredibly unlikely because math.

If you make it so there can be no all-white groups, you actually make it LESS random. The only way to do that is to look at the **colours that you are choosing**. Do you see the problem here? You *have* to be racist to force equality

Now, lets look at the later statement. If you have a country run via an oligarchy who's rulers are comprised of a blind person, a deaf person, a person of colour, a gay person, and a Muslim, are they going to make better decisions than a group of people who are more qualified/smarter that also happen to look similar to each other or have similar preferences of sex or religion? No. The smarter group of people are going to make better decisions in regards to making that nation better.

Of course, if the first group was just as qualified as the second then there would be no problem here. Both groups of people would be good at running this imaginary nation in that case.

Forced equality is not comparable to equality because equality means giving everyone the same amount of resources that they can use to succeed. Forced equality is just giving minorities an extra die for no reason. It cant be compared to equity either. Equity is giving people different amounts of resources in such a way that everyone has an equal chance of success. Equity outputs random results. Forced equality does not.