i want to quit my job tldr: im a trainee, hate the manager cus she's mean, really want to quit - how should i do it ?

to preface, im not even hired yet, i'm still in my training period right now so at any point she could just decide not to hire me. - this is a super long post

now, ur probably like, u SUCK for wanting to quit... but hear me out... the job itself isnt bad tbh, it's the manager that's driving me up a wall and today was the final straw for me

i was training with another girl and it got really busy at the store we work out. in general, the manager is kind of always talking to us in a weird way ?? like her tone of voice is like u killed her dog and she hates u for it... but besides that, someone ordered a beverage and the other girl who is also still training put in the wrong flavor. the name of the flavor she got is super similar to another one and it's understandable ngl, but after she messed up, the manager kind of just reprimanded her and that shouldve been it except the girl tried to explain the mistake and the manager kind of lost it ??? she immediately told the girl to stop and basically flung the mixer into the sink near where the girl was standing so ice cream got over her. the girl sadly washed dishes and that was that until the manager told her, after all the customers had left, that she could leave because she wasn't needed anymore. the girl dips and i hear her crying in the bathroom and i was just like wow jesus. the girl leaves and her mom comes in to talk to the manager cus her kid was crying - manager proceeds to lie and say that the girl kept messing up and that she had no clue why she was crying before really rudely going "did she tell you to come in here and talk to me ??" then when the mom leaves, manager proceeds to basically say that if i ever get my mom to talk to her like that or talk back to her, im fired on the spot. i talked to other people who work there and they all agree that the manager is... awful lolol but yeah ive only been working a week and im over it, how do i even quit