You asked out your crush? Well, I never had one! Since this sub has a thing for talking about crushes and being romantic and whatnot, why not do the opposite and talk about being aromantic? 

Hi, I'm 19 and I'm an aromantic heterosexual (*technically* LGBT I suppose) male.

Growing up, I was always repulsed by the idea of romance. I didn't really have the feels for anyone. Whenever I was asked if I liked anyone, I would respond with "No", thinking it was a joke question made to make me look bad. If I was asked out, I would always assumed it was joke or a set-up to make fun of me. I just didn't like anyone in that way. I never had any romantic crushes, and unlike most teenagers, I never had thoughts of girls or finding a girlfriend; I was more interested in my own interests, like video games or drawing and whatnot. I had always assumed that no one actually falls in love and that it was just some form of comedy or a schtick or something, but that changed when I entered high school in 2015.

In high school, I noticed that virtually everyone had a significant other. Almost everyone I knew had a partner of some sort. I even assumed everyone in my high school was "lovesick" or something. That's when I finally realized that people actually take relationships seriously. Then the pressure really began; I was constantly asked if I had a girlfriend or not, of course I would answer "No". Unfortunately, homophobia ran rampant in high school, and I'm pretty sure those questions were asked to weed out any homosexual students to pick on them. (Yes, a lot of people in my high school thought I was gay, most likely because I wasn't interested in finding a girlfriend. This had led to me getting picked on quite a bit.) I then began the search for a girlfriend sometime in 10th grade (2016-2017) out of peer pressure, but with no success. Of course I was getting frustrated from not being able to find a girlfriend, not because I wanted romance, but because I felt left out, as again - everyone in my high school had a significant other and I felt left out (also my heterosexual desires started showing up, heh heh...), and yeah, that was a rough time to say the least.

I then did get a girlfriend in 11th grade (2017), and well honestly, I thought it was supposed to feel different from having a regular friend, but no, it felt exactly the same, except with hugging and kissing. But to be honest, I didn't really care about doing romantic stuff with her (I hated dating or having to say romantic compliments), like I said, I had my own interests. Whenever she showed up to my house, I felt like I wasn't giving her enough attention as I should be giving to her, but I didn't know what to do. She was just there, y'know?

Then I was researching asexuality sometime in the spring of 2020, and discovered that you could have a sexual orientation and a romantic orientation. Initially, I thought romantic attraction was just "hmm, that person looks nice and they seem pretty friendly. I wanna be with this person and maybe hug them", but as it turns out, I was WAY off. What I described was strong platonic (and maybe partially sensual) attraction. I maybe aro, but I still experience sexual attraction, and from what I found out later on, romantic attraction is basically the same as sexual attraction, but only with dating and romance instead of sex. In a technical sense, romantic attraction is a chemical release from the brain (learned that from the comments section of an aromantic subreddit) and it's a compulsory desire, like you just got to have it!  Because of what I initially believed romantic attraction was, I identified as a "biromantic heterosexual" for a few months because I viewed men and women equally romantically (or so I thought). It was only a while ago that I found out was romantic attraction ACTUALLY meant, and that really challenged what I believed was "romantic attraction", as I never felt the urge to be with anyone in a romantic sense or to go out and seek a date. I even feel like I could go my entire life without romance. 

I thought I had experienced crushes, but turns out, those were "squishes", which are "platonic crushes" if you will. My "crushes" were "out of sight, out of mind"; once that person was out of my sight, they were out of my mind, but apparently real crushes don't work like that. From what I was able to gather, with real romantic crushes, that person would stay in your mind, even long after they've left your sight. The romantic desire for that person is just stuck in your head, and you're just immensely, but involuntarily, thinking about them... and you just can't kick those thoughts away. You have thoughts, hoping that they'll ask you out, talk to you, or even wave back You might even feel "lovesick", hoping to see them again. It's almost as if you're obsessed with that one person. Basically, imagine having a song stuck in your head, but amplified by 10 times, and you have the desire to meet whoever wrote that song . That's supposedly the intensity of a crush. To me, crushes sound scary. Like I can't imagine having a person stuck in my head and wanting to live my life with. 

To end this post of, I found out I was aro after realizing the love I had felt towards my girlfriend felt exactly the same as the love I had for my mother; all platonic, and recounting my past "opinions" on romance. But yeah, I guess I'll never experience a true crush on someone.  

I have a few questions, since I want to know for myself.

1. Were you ever repulsed by romance or love growing up?
2. Was my description of what a crush is accurate?
3. Do you think you can go your whole life without a romantic partner?

To conclude the story, it's perfectly fine if you don't ever want to date someone. Live your life however you see fit!