My mom just SCOLDED me for defending BIDEN. My mom was looking at a Biden meme that said something about whether or not you would let Biden be the pilot for your airplane. And I said, “I wouldn’t even let Trump be a pilot for my plane. No one except a certified pilot.”  And she goes on this huge rant about how the democrats are socialists and communists - that the dems are trying to turn the US into other socialist countries in Europe like Switzerland and Germany. And how the US will become communists. My mom has a friend who fled Venezuela and my mom was talking about how they had guns to protect themselves, they didn’t have enough food, etc. and how this will become the US if Biden gets elected. 

(Btw we’re upper middle class) 

She said the US are true capitalists and that other countries like Australia, Canada, U.K., Sweden are all socialists. Then she goes, “Why would you support that?”  And I said, “Universal healthcare.”  And she goes, “That’s why we have insurance!  If you want healthcare, get a f*cking job!  I have no sympathy for the poor. Why should I pay for other people’s healthcare?  It’s coming out of our taxes!  Why should I pay for other kid’s college?  The poor need to get a f*cking job. Get a job, get an education, get married, go to church.”  And I’m like, “If we have universal healthcare, then there’s no need for insurance. And if you don’t want to pay for other people, why are you paying for public school?”  And she goes, “Because my kids are in public school.”  And I go, “What about when your kids go off on their own and need healthcare.”  And she’s like, “Well my kids are gonna have a JOB!  Canadians come to the US for healthcare because they have to wait years for cancer treatment.  In the US, you get it right away.”  Then I give her the scenario that goes along the lines of this: Let’s say you get cancer or a heart attack one day and you have to pay millions for the hospital visit. Wouldn’t you rather pay a few thousand through taxes instead of paying hundreds of thousands out of your pocket?”  And she goes, “I’m not gonna pay a few thousand because I have insurance to pay for it.”  

Now she wants to take me out of public school and put me in a private one to get me away then “washing my brain out.”  And then she was like, “Maybe you should skip the first 2 years of college and get a real job so you know what it’s like.”  And in my head, I’m kinda considering it. I’ve never had a job because “School and swimming are my jobs.”  Plus, I wanna be a police officer which means after the two years of work, I’ll be 20 almost 21 and I won’t even have to go to college anyway. 

Am I wrong here for the political aspect and my mom is right?  What are your thoughts?