my french teacher is pissed with me because she gives a ton of work &amp; i’m taking care of my mom/ house at the same time. so i’m doing “virtual” learning right now and i only have a problem with one teacher. my french one teacher, i’m a sophomore and this is my second year in a public school(i used to go to a private school, very small, everyone knew everyone) so i’m still getting used to four classes a day and sped up curriculum, not to mention we aren’t even in zoom classes we just go online and work for 90 minutes at their pace. i’m in french one because i dropped spanish, the teacher i had for spanish quite literally told me i was dumb, just didn’t want to work because people like me (black people) aren’t good workers, i won’t pass, and more including some seriously triggering things. 


my mom broke her ankle 11 weeks ago but had to have surgery a month ago because her leg wasn’t healing properly, she now has a cast on her ankle and is only moving to go to the bathroom other than that she stays in a recliner. i do everything for my mom which i have no problem with because she doesn’t need me to do much for her, we also have people bring food, if not i have to cook, i do the dishes, laundry and everything else, i have to take care of our dogs and cats too. my dad is a teacher and is also in school right now so when he comes home he normally fixes his food and goes straight to his classes so he can’t help to much. i typically get up 10-15 minutes late for school because of how late i go to bed because i’m up so late working.

oh and i just got diagnosed with ADD on monday  on started meds that make me have head and stomach aches and don’t help, i’ve also had to go to the doctor a lot and end up missing full days of school (we can’t help it my doctors 45 minutes away bc i live in a small town and i have to get blood work or meds or something like that).

i’m only a few days behind in french, in another class of mine i’m almost a week behind but she understands why. she sent my mom an email about the fact that i’m falling behind and i only sent her a half page of notes. my mom already knows and isn’t mad. i’m starting to get pissed because she keeps saying that “i’m not taking good notes” when she emailed me and said “the notes look good.” i’m stressed because she doesn’t help or respond to emails until after i’m out of her class and can’t go back and fix whatever i needed help on, i’m the only person who can help my mom because i’m an only child so there’s not anyone to help, we aren’t in zoom or google meet so i’m not learning as well as i would verbally, i’m just reading a screen. also she assigns 34 slides for 90 minutes. before anyone asks, i cant attend school physically  because both of my parents are at risk.

is anyone else dealing with anything like this? how do i deal with this and do i talk to the teacher? does anyone with add have any tips to help focus?