I need to get something very important of my chest for one evening to sleep at peace. Pls hate me. So basically one year ago I bullied a classmate really hard. I was kinda recovering from being bullied myself for coming out as gay and let it out on this poor guy (I have no idea how that made sense to past me) He had a illness that made his muscles super weak so he looked and walked strange ETC.

Anyway it starts out with some harmless jokes here and there then becomes some really bad stuff later on in the year and then the absolute cherri on top of the bullying cake:

We where in biology and he sits a row in front of me. Me and some other questionable friends sit together and since we dont have anything to do (especially me beeing the teachers favorite student I dont even need to work along as I get a 2 (german equivalent of B)) so I make fun about him again ... and again for solid 40 min. The jokes where so harassing and brutal this day is still called "the day I murdered XXX" by my friends. And really it was.

We had ONE talk with a social worker the next day and I just lie and get away without beeing punished or anything.

He comes late to school everyday and a month before summer break he simply dosnt show up. Then our teacher tells is what happend. He was scared of school so badly that he didn't wanna get out of the car when his mom dropped him off. He simply refused to leave his room and dosnt wanna talk with anybody.

He becomes VERY depressed. Not the Instagirl depression but the real illness.

He gets assignments from our teacher to do while he is home so he dosnt fail class but he never send her anything. Hes now in Therapy for over a year.

My class and I also found a Facebook post about a young boy (our age) committing suicide in the area we live in. So who knows. Maybe hes dead. (I dont have the post anymore and pls dont make me search it I wont post it anyway since it would reveal my Hometown by doing reversed google image search even if I crop it)

If since become a new person but I have to speack to someone and if it's only some strangers on the internet.
I feel sick of myself and cant start a loving relationship without distancing myself from anybody.

I recently broke up with my BF and now he threatens to kill himself. I cant take all that.