The story of how I lost my V-Card at 10 years old So, I'm just gonna start this with a HUGE NSFW warning. Imma get graphic. Leave if you're squeamish. 

**Disclaimer(s):** It was arguably eight years old, depending on your definition of sex. Everything was consensual. I know this is weird already, I *lived it,* so please don't comment just like; "Uh... weird, gross, creepy"

[Here's a link to the post where I asked if anyone wanted to see this story](https://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/hynd1p/does_anyone_want_the_story_of_how_i_lost_my_vcard/)

I'm a lesbian btw

Okay, so, I was eight years old living at this little housing commune in the middle of effing nowhere, right, with a bunch of other kids, and there was this awesome tree house right in the middle. And on this one summer night, I had a slumber party with another girl my age up in this tree house-- no parents, no nothing. Now, I had no idea what "gay" was. I didn't know the word, didn't know the concept. Up until, like, middle school, I kinda thought everyone thought boobs were the literal most beautiful thing on Earth and it wasn't till I got a bit earlier that I learned *not everyone feels like that??*

So, I was a confused, very gay kid up in a tree house alone with this other very confused, very gay, kid, (Let's call her Bailey) and neither of us were wearing very much clothing. (Writing this about someone so young, even if it was me, is making me cringe.)  Anyway, we got to timidly discussing crushes, as most small children eventually do. I shared with her how I felt about chicks and how I didn't have a crush on any guys, and she mirrored my sentiment. Basically, we were very innocent at the time, and ended up naked. Hands, um, weren't involved. We were probably too young to even know about that stuff. We were just kind of following our instincts. 

I'll remember that night for the rest of my life, clouded by shame. I was so young! But lo and behold, once we learned about the wonderful things that came from being clothingless with another girl, we didn't stop. For two years, we didn't stop. The tree house, on the roof of my house, the storage areas, the shared bathroom. And the funny part is, I was too young for it to even occur to me that this was gay. Never once did the implications of what we were doing strike me. In my mind, this was just something I did, and that was a fact of life. We were just vibing.

The summer before fifth grade, though, she had this other girl with her, who had pink hair and was somehow wearing makeup. (In my 10-year-old mind, this made her a god; I hadn't even *tried* makeup yet.) She introduced herself, (let's call her Lily) and left with Bailey. I don't have a poetic way to write this, but they were fucking. Though I was a bit dejected, I waited until fifth grade started after a couple weeks and realized I was not only in the same class, but rode the same school bus as Lily.

It was so perfect. As you've probably guessed, my technical v-card by most people's standards--most people think you need penetration for it to be sex, though I find this heteronormative and a toxic mindset, and also, the vast majority of people who say this don't often get laid, so whatever--was shattered. Whoops. 

This was the year where I learned about oral, and the fact that you can actually put stuff *inside of you.* 

*To any straight guys reading this who are unfortunate enough to get your ideas about sex just from porn, you should know that putting fingers and shit inside isn't usually a girl's go to, whether in sex or masturbation. No matter what mainstream media says, penetration just doesn't feel as good to a girl as clitoral stimulation. Sorry, but you've been lied to!*

Her and I *went places.* We tried, like everything. And a lot of the time we did it? It was on the school bus. Gross, right? But we had ways to hide it. I kinda think the bus driver might've known but didn't know how to approach us about it. 

Anyway, fifth grade ended, and my little polygamous relationship was over. I moved away and went to middle school, where I met my now best friend. We had a lot of sex. I accepted that I was gay. I had more sex. There was just,, a lot of sex. By the time I was twelve, my ex-gf Margot could fit her whole fist inside me. And don't let porn trick you, that shit's hard and you have to train for months.

It's not the fairytale story that some girls have. And to this day, my sex life is far from normal, but I'm okay with that. It's weird af to most people, but it felt normal to me and the other girls. And I'm happy with that.

Also, it's been a few years, I'm a sophomore now, and Lily's now an actual criminal. Like, she got arrested for stealing from a store by breaking the windows while drunk and high (just on weed.) Meanwhile, I'm over here with my reputation at school as the goody-two shoes and shit. If only they knew. 

Anyway, hope you somehow enjoyed the storytime. Feel free to ask questions, I'm chill. Love ya'll. Bye