What is happines? A disqussion between me and myself. Just to introduce myself, im a 19 year old guy, currently enlisted in the army with almost no major successes in life.
When i was growing up i was a pretty normal kid, had some friends had fun, hang out in the parks and everything that a normal kid would do.
As i started growing up i had to get glasses due to my vision not being the best, i didnt really care at forst but it did become a small inconvenience, its not really that big of a deal though. 
Anyway, i dont really know what happenned between 12-16,17 year old me but puberty hit me like a train and i got totally messed up. Looking like an old man and a young kid at the same time. At the same time i started getting fat. I didnt notice at first but it was enough to make me want to work out. Through my teenage life i tried multiple sports and gyms but to no avail. Leaving me pretty much empty handed, until i just quit.
I then started to just lose interest in myself, everyone kept telling me to keep working out and that everything was fine but alas, it wasnt, i didnt care for myself, i was dirty, didnt clean up after myself, got fatter and uglier, i didnt have friends, not anyone to really talk to. 
I really wasnt myself, i didnt thing i was someone worthy of happines. Since i couldnt find happines in anything i tried i just dissosicated myself from life. 
I turned 18. Finished school. Got into university. Got my first car with my own money that i worked for. I thought having such freedom was a blessing only to find out its just something everyone experiences. So i though, is it really happines? To just achieve such a mediocre “goal”.
I didnt feel happy, i still dont, i had multiple suicide attemps. I was to afraid to even do that. 
I just continued living, without having the energy to do anything.
And we arrive to today, i still cant find happines, im just ugly and will never find love, i think to myself as a waste of oxygen. I just cant put myself to do anything, be it working out, cleaning, anything. 
I just cant find happines. Im an antisocial coward. I cant focus on something and actually do it. Happines just doesnt seem to be reachable.
Im unable to be happy.