I'm tired of my mom 

Before making this post I was crying. Everyday I wish I could move out of my house so i could get away from the stuff my mom does every day. Everyday is passive aggressiveness with her and when ever she gets mad she blames it on technology. She can't even keep her word. She says she won't compare you to other people but will constantly compare me and my sisters to our cousins. Saying how we sit on our beds all day and play games. Me and my sister workout everyday and I actively try to eat healthier despite the processed foods my mom keeps pushing in our face. Just today she made a big fuss because my sister who is 14 stopped calling her mommy and said our 9 year old cousins call their mom mommy. Instead of reflecting back on herself to figure out what she has done wrong she constantly find ways to blame other people. She says that whenever I talk to anyone I have an anger issue and need to see a therapist even though she hadn't noticed it only happens when I talk to her. On another occasion, whenever my 10yr old sister gets in a fight with her she tries to talk but my mom keeps drowning her out as she says she never listens. What does mom do instead of listen to her daughter? Call her husband who is 30 miles away at work and complain. From 1-10 she is as dense as rock. No matter how much information of arguing you do with her she will never listen to you. She blames it only technology. She blames everything on technology. She accuses you of watching bad things then when you ask her what kind of things she doesn't even know herself. I'm just so fed up with this and wish it could all be over. Not kill myself over but if I can just leave over, like move out or go somewhere by myself for the entirety of my day. I just want this virus to be over so then I can go back to school and just forgot about my mom for 8 hours. The times when I used to go camping at boy scouts and have fun with my friends. Or go to church and just know I can't hear her talk for 2 hours. 

[A google document I wrote when I was younger that explains more](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LF1Q_468p6QA7pHTDz59tyXNJtWRM0gCgMbscGXC3lo/edit?usp=drivesdk)

Sorry for any bad grammar of punctuational mistakes in any of these pieces I'm just crying and can't even think. The nostalgia of better times when I didn't have to put up with this is just flooding back. Back when the only thing I had to worry about were the kids at the back of the bus.