I am one week into my new diet, and I feel as good as ever! Hello fellow redditors, teenagers ans reddinagers. First of al, forgive me for any mistakes that I may have, english is not my native language. Anyway, let's just get into it.
I'm a 15 and a half years old teenager, and basically I've been eating unhealthy food for the past 15.5 years of my life. This means foods with a lot of carbs and fats, and absolutely no veggies or fruits. My parents always told me that it will come to bite me in the ass but I didn't want to face the consequences of my shitty diet. Everything was okay up until last friday. I went to a walk with my dad when I felt a strange stomach ache. This did not change during friday and it even got worse. 

In the following saturday things got even worse: I couldn't poop. I set at the toilet for probably an hour combined, and I still couldn't take a shit. And unneccessary to say, I felt really bad. I asked my mom to schedule an appointment with my family doctor and thankfully there was an available appointment at the following Sunday. 
Fast forward to Sunday, I still couldn't do the number two and I felt even worse. I got into a mini depressed state. My father took me there and her clinic is in a shopping center which (thankfully) had a restaurant. I didn't eat breakfast until then (it was roughly 11 am, and I'm the type of guy that eats breakfast early), so my dad convinced me to eat something there. I looked through their menu searhing for something "soft" and veggie-free (I was still dumb then, not realizing that my diet is the source for my problems). I stumbled across this meal which is yogurt with some granola inside and it seemed good, and my father told me that granola is good for constipation problems, so I ordered that. It was really tasty and made me feel a little better. 

Anyway, in the appointment, my doctor told me that I have chronic constipation and recommend me to change my diet to things that will help ease the "traffic jam" that was forming in my guts. When we arrived at home we decided that I have to change my diet in order to help me feel better. Since then I have been eating this granola thing for breakfast, some kind of veggie and fibers rich patties for lunch, and a toast from full wheat for dinner. Absolutely no snacks or ice cream as snacks between the meals, which is a thing that I used to do on a daily basis. 

After two more days of continued pain and discomfort around that cursed area(during which we even thought about going to hospital, but eventually scrapped the ida), the long awaited moment arrived on Tuesday, and I felt like a new person. It's already my fifth day pooping in a row, and I haven't experienced those pains again. 

That's it. Had to get it off my chest. Thanks for coming to my ted talk.