I won't respect this one girl until she starts to stop calling me and my friends x-phobes and x-isms without any actual proof just because we disagree with her So there's a group chat and half of the people are liberal (the girls) and the other conservative (the boys). Im one of the boys, and what always happens when people start talking about politics is that the girls accuse me or my friend of some -ism or -phobe without and actual proof basically because we disagree with them politically and then yell at us about it without any proof for it, with plenty of proof against it, and then just act like damn royalty. So the other day she litterally called us xenophobes because me and my friend are vocal about hating the Chinese government, and freaking yells at us while we say "no that isn't how it works", and litterally both said that we have nothing against the chinese and actually want the best for them in getting rid of their evil regime. So she asks if we would associate with a person from China who supports the commie government and my friend accidentally typos "I would not associate them" and "But I would heavily disagree", before realizing his mistake and typing "WAIT NO, NOT NOT, DAMN AUTOCORRECT". And it obviously was a fluke, the text right after supports it. But before he cleared it up they already saw the first text and used it to say that he was a xenophobe long after he had already cleared it up. Like no, he's not a xenophobe, I'm not a xenophobe, and stop assuming we are awful people because we have differing political beliefs. Usually these things end when I reach my limit and swear a bit. But then the girls always complain about how I'm so mean to them and never appologize, and they did today, and I just said "You are rude to me so don't be surprised when i am to you" and mentioned all the times they assumed untrue things of us and blamed us without evidence and then never appologized. And they still acted like they did nothing wrong. Like just go away. Eventually one of them admitted to the xenophobia. But they've called us homophobes before too with no cause, and a bunch of other things.