I’ve been in love with a girl for a year and half, and I don’t know how to tell her Disclaimer: I’m not searching for karma or anything like that on this post. I just simply can’t stop thinking about her, so much so that I’m at the point where I feel like my chest is going to explode. If you wanna post advice or something, cool, but this post is more just to vent for myself.

Well the title says it all, or at least most of it. We met long before a year and half ago, in fact we go all the way back to elementary school. At my school we had this thing called kids choir (it’s basically in the name), she was a complete drama nerd (still is) and I wanted to try something new. We quickly became friends, but we didn’t see each other much after that because we were in different grade levels, and at my school, the grades didn’t mix. 

I was a weird kid/freshman. I fell into the common trap of dating someone because I wanted to date anyone, and I ended up regretting it. However, it gave me a lot of perspective. That relationship ended in May or my freshman year, so I spent my summer mainly playing video games, writing for speech and debate, and reflecting. Coming in sophomore year, I had matured greatly (not enough but still).

At my school, you are required to take two years of a language to graduate (three for an honors diploma, which I am going for), so I decided to take Latin since my brother had taken it and done fairly well in it. I had done latin 1 my freshman year, and so I had to take Latin 2 the next year, that’s when we reconnected. She sat one seat up and to the right of me. 

I talk a lot in some classes, mainly the ones I’m more comfortable in. Latin was no exception, I told stupid joke after stupid joke, and time after time she would laugh. She wasn’t the definition of traditional beauty, but something about that laugh and smile just captivated me. 

We began to talk more, starting with after class chats, to texting, to now calling. Her personality is the most beautiful I’ve ever gotten to meet. She’s sweet, puts overs above herself, isn’t afraid to speak her mind or disagree once you get to know her. She’s nerdy about video games and anime, incredibly smart, easy to talk to, and passionate about everything she does. I could legit gush like this for hours, but for now let’s move on. 

After a few months, I began to notice a feeling. I liked her, not in the butterflies in your stomach kind of way, but rather it felt like this: imagine after a long day of working in the snow, you come home to your secluded log cabin, you sit in an old rocking chair by the fire, eating some warm soup, and cuddling up with a dog. That’s the best way I can describe it. 

But now I’m stuck. After this summer, the school we go to opened up with the option to either attend physically or in person. She chose online (part of her family is at risk if they get COVID) and I chose in person. We text each other almost everyday. We send memes to each other, talk a lot, say goodnight to each other almost every night, and (on rare occasions neither of us are busy) talk for hours on end over the phone. I’m pretty sure we both like each other, but I don’t want to ruin this great friendship we’ve had over the last few years. 

The last time I got to see her in person was on December 23rd when we met up to exchange Christmas gifts. It was a brief and admittedly a little awkward exchange (I mean what do you say to your best friend you haven’t see in six months), but it was cute, she was cute. 

If you read all this way, thanks. It was a little all over the place, and I’m sure there are grammar and spelling mistakes. If you have any advice, please comment. I’m pretty sure I’m going to say something the next time we get to talk, but knowing me I’ll lose confidence lol.

TL;DR: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA