I know this is late but. I know this is long. I also know this might catch some shit. But in 2018, about mid-November, my crush noticed me and we started hanging out. (Why am I telling you this after two years? Because I’ve only been on reddit for a couple of months) We had fun, kissed, held hands, but after school ended (July 2019), she texted (I’m not exactly sure what she said) but she said something about it not working because she wanted it to be less public. (I had been quite socially awkward since coming to the school and I’d figured if I was public about the relationship, it wouldn’t let people make fun of me for it) But then, after a few days, I remembered how she’d basically told everybody about it on TikTok. So I tried texting her about that, but apparently she was racing cars and so she left her phone with her friend. She told me another two excuses for her breaking up with me: I was weak and awkward. Now, I won’t pretend I wasn’t both of those (I am no longer weak or awkward) but she’d never seemed to care. After the exchange, Grace (if you are her, scrolling thru new, you know it’s you and so ╭∩╮(ಠ\_ಠ)╭∩╮) sent me a message along the lines of “if you try to be her boyfriend, I will fucking kill you” and so I just shut up for a few months. In december, last year, I called her. We chatted, I told her about my new school, and we were presumed “friends”. Anyway, a few weeks later, I had to know the real reason she broke up. To which she replied: (I will never forget these words.)

“I only was your bf for one reason.”

”Well, actually two.”

“One: I felt bad for you”

“Two: I wanted to see what having a bf was like”

Anyway, since then I’ve been super lonely. And being at an all-boys school, I knew I wasn’t finding someone who cared about me for me anytime soon. Or so I thought. In mid-July, I was at a friend’s house and he was asleep and I couldn’t sleep. So I pick up my iPad and see what’s going on on this sub. I see lots of posts from people who are bored and want to chat, and I decide to do the same. Five people messaged me. I’m only messaging one right now. But she is amazing, cares about me, and even pulled an all-nighter with me a few nights ago. Again, you’ll know who you are. Honestly, this might be a stretch, but she probably saved me from getting slight depression because my friends would only laugh if I told them the truth.