I need someone to tell me if I’m the brat here, or if I’m in the right. So I’ve decided that I need to start going to the gym, I’m weak as fuck, and would like to improve. One of my mates and I recently went and worked out together at his local gym and I really enjoyed it. So I tell my mum that I’d like to start going to the gym, it’s the same company as the one me and my mate went to and it’s right down the road. We go there to check it out and it looks great. Clean, good equipment, nice/genuine staff, and a lot of kids to socialise with. My mum says she’ll get me a membership for $12 a week, but I have to go 3 times a week in return, I agree and it’s a deal, she’s says she’ll do it next week. 

So, fast forward like two months later and nothing, she hadn’t even mentioned it, so I approach her about it and she says that’s because we’re going to check out her gym instead. First of all, there were already some cons to it. It’s like 15 kilometres from my house so I definitely won’t be able to go there on my own, and I’ll have to go with mum every time I want to go there. This means two things, If I want to go to the gym, then mum has to want to go as well, so if she doesn’t want to go the gym, than I don’t get to go the gym, and also it means every time I go to the gym, it’ll be with my mum. No offence, I love her, but it just seems so lame to go to the gym with your mum, and it makes me feel so dependant.

But hey, could be fine, I have an open mind. So, we go there and it’s fine, it’s way bigger than the other one but it just feels so lifeless. The staff are all uncaring and you can tell that they’re just there for their pay check, there are zero kids there to talk with, and it’s just way too big, so big I could just get lost in it. So yeah, really not into it. On the way home Mum asks which one I prefer so I tell her that I do prefer the other one over this one, she says Ok sounds good, if you didn’t like it you didn’t like it and that she’ll sign me up the the other one soon.

Fast forward again by like three weeks (today) and still nothing. So I decide to ask her about it because I’m getting sick of waiting. So I ask and she says she’s signed me up to her gym because it’s like $2 cheaper, didn’t bother to ask me she just did. We’ll be going twice a week. This just sucks to me, I hate that gym and love the other one, and now going to the gym is gonna feel like a burden, it should be fun but now it’s something that I’m gonna get annoyed when I remember that I have to go. I now have no agency in the matter, “Oh you wanna go the gym? Yeah well you can’t until mummy says you can”

Am I being a spoiled brat, or was that a truly dick move on my mum’s part?