The MAP movement is scary I've been seeing an increasing number of MAP (minor attracted person) posts and frankly, it's scary.

Now recounting a story I haven't shared with anyone. But I guess random people on reddit is the way to go.

I was 12 (M) and I was on holiday and swimming around in the beach. I WAS a pretty good swimmer (I loved swimming) so I went quite deep in. So no way I could touch the ground with my feet. I was swimming around when a large man (6 foot +) comes near me (his feet JUST touching the ground) and he puts his arms around me. Innocent me (thinking he's here to help get to shore so it would be more safer) said said something like "I'm fine thank you, I can swim back myself, I don't need to be carried". To this day, I still remember what he said "You're so cute, let me have a feel under those blue shorts, I know you'll like it" (it was something VERY similar). I FROZE. I don't know why, but I couldn't do anything.

My scared self let him get literally a millimeter from my groin when (I'm guessing) adrenaline kicked in and I just pushed him and swam into the deeper end, not looking back. I swam for around 30 seconds when I realised I'm in extremely deep waters. I look back and the man is gone.

Now thank heavens my body was functioning for me to make it all the way back (while lifeguard was swimming toward me when I was on the way back).

I didn't go into the beach or any pool for the next 6 months and have always been slightly reluctant to get back into the pool. I lost all the fun in a sport I really enjoyed.

My point is, seeing this MAP movement grow is scary. Now I'm an avid supporter of love and sharing love, regardless of any race, gender, even age. 

But, minors, whose minds aren't fully developed (emotionally and physically), should not be put in any situation at all that forces the innocence out of them, depriving them the chance to learn from their mistakes and grow.

Tl;Dr When I was 12, a MAP tried to "feel me" when on vacation at the beach. Ruined the enjoyment I once had swimming. I had a rude awakening of what it is to freeze up when being a victim of harassment, at age 12.