A letter from a girl to guys (and other girls) Just like everybody else, we girls have preferences, standards and interests. We CANNOT change them to your liking. But sadly, some people just won't understand it and try to convince us how good they are and how we should give them a chance. So in this "guide" I'm trying to teach everybody how to properly accept a rejection~


If a girl confessed to you that she likes you but you're clearly not interested in her, wouldn't you reject her? Of course you would because you'd just end up being unhappy when you're in a relationship with her. We can't force ourselves to like somebody. And besides, you'd just end up leading her on. She has no right to try to pressure you into dating. She has to accept that you aren't interested.

The same thing applies for men. No if's or but's, if we're not interested in you don't try to push us over or complain to us about how all women are cruel and they only like abusive assholes etc. We don't want a relationship with you and that's fine. And we don't have to explain why, simply accept a "no". You're not only wasting our time by begging but you're creeping us out and making us feel uncomfortable. This mindset is sadly common in all genders.

We don't owe anybody our body or our time like that.

Now, some people will ask "but what if they rejected me rudely, I have every right to be mad!"

Well, yes you do but you don't have to go down their level. Be the mature person when he or she was immature. 

Now, please define "rudely"

"She said she didn't want to date me!" - Not rude

"She said she's not interested in me but wishes me well" - Not rude &gt;!and if you think this is rude then you really need to sit down and think about your life!&lt;

"She said I was too fat to date her" - She was rude. 

"Can I call her fat too?" No! Because you'll end up being as immature as she is. 

Now for the girls:

"He said he didn't want to date me" - Not rude. 

"He said he's not interested in me but wishes me luck" - same rule applies from above

"He said that I'm too fat" - He was rude. 

"Can I call him fat too?" No! Because you'll end up being as immature as he is. 

If they gossip or spread rumors about your confession, tell them kindly that you'd like to keep it private. If they won't listen, cut her or him out of your life and debunk certain rumors that might harm your reputation. 

Now, how do you react to a rejection?

"Alright, thanks for letting me know" ✓

"Alright" ✓

"Okay, I wish you well" ✓

*Nod* ✓

And how shouldn't you react?

"You only date assholes/bitches that reject you anyways!" ×

"Are you gay/lesbian or why won't you date me?!" ×

*Begging* ×

"You're ugly anyways!" ×

*Violence* ××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××

*False rape claim accusations* ××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××

This is my kinda guide on how to properly accept a rejection because some people still don't know how to. 

*See ya~*