Hi! 👋🏻 Please read this and if you think that we could be friends feel free to text! Hi I already did this and it didn't went as I hoped. Because people here only talk to you for a day and after they just forget about you.  So Im going to try one more time and hope I find people to play with(Playstation). I'll be telling you a little bit more about my self than last time. You can call me recruit(my name after we know each other a bit) I'm looking mainly for a friends that are younger than 17,  no matter your gender or your sexual preference(I won't judge but don't come to me with those she/they/do/him I don'tget those). I don't have many friends, and now with the covid-18 it's even worst. Im chill  and open minded, I won't judge you. I ask that if we talk please be 100% honest, I want you to be honest with me no matter what and I will be honest with you also. I am from Puerto Rico but I live in the US it would good if you live in the US and better if you live on the south east. I speak Spanish and English. If you're a dry texter or take a week to answer one simple question,  please don't waist your time. And if you made it until here I'll be telling you a little more. ALSO IF YOU DON'T FEEL COMFORTABLE TALKING ABOUT A CERTAIN TOPIC PLEASE TELL ME SO WE CAN STOP TALKING ABOUT IT. 

Things about me: First of all I'm ugly... and I'm not saying it to be petty I'm just being honest. 🤷🏻 I always have my phone on silence but I check it like every 30 minutes... I'm very slow, like I can take 30 minutes just to take a shower(not doing what you think)and to eat like 1 hour or more. My humor is very offensive. I'm nice (but I can be an ashole too so please be nice). I have a cat (I can send pics if you want) she's cute aaffffffff. At the moment of me writing this I'm watching "death note" and so far it's really good. I'm not a anime fan or anything but I've heard that it was good so I started watching it. I watch a lot of YT and Netflix, like couple days ago I got Disney+ and I've been watching Phineas and Ferb(again) I'm also wanting to watch Gravity falls(again). If you keep reading you'll notice that im kind of childish :] I'm also pretty lazy. 

Things I like: Well like talking to people.I like playing videogames, eating, watching Netflix... basically anything fun. I like cats a lot, also like  candy. I already said that I like Netflix but I want to specify that i like series more than movies. I like psychology, animated movies, music, listening to people's fun stories, building in minecraft, water, accents, (mostly UK accent) and I love stake medium rare, uffff just thinking about it. If you want to know more you'll need to meet me. 

Games I play: Gta, r6, fortnite, minecraft, rdr2(mostly those) 

Music: I like a lot of stiles like pop (Aldo pop is not really a style is mostly what is popular at the moment) some classic rock, electronic, dubstep, jazz, well it all depends the moment because sometimes I feel like listening to different things. I don't like rap. 

^(This is very important so pay attention to this one)

Things I don't like: I "HATE" fake depressed people so of you're one of those please gtfo(I'm sure I just lost like 20 possible friends) I also dislike school, math, being hot(temperature😂), reading, those fake staged videos from any social media, ghetto people (I don't give a shi about your color or your race but if you're ghetto please don't text me). I hate/dislike many more things but don't have anything in mind right now you'll have to meet me to know. 

If we disagree on some things you can tell me what do we disagree on and if you give a fair reason on why should I change my mind then I may change it. And if you feel like we could be a good match feel free to dm me. Also don't expect me to answer instantly but I'll answer asap. So yeah if we don't match then have a great day! Hope you find someone! 

Please provide this info: 

Name: (optional)

Age: 

Gender:

County you're from:

Current State/County: (optional)

Games that you play:

What are your intentions: (because there are some horny mfs in here)

Couple things about you for example likes/dislikes: