8 reasons why video games are good 
1. Teaches you patience / never giving up

Failure is a great teacher, it lets us benefit from our mistakes and improves our vision in life and makes us know more valuable things every time.
Dying in a game or losing are the things that you have to beat, games teach you be patient and to try again.

2. Talking about IRL problems

Some people think video games are just about people shooting at each other everywhere, but in reality games are much more than that. Some games talk about realistic life problems in an artistic way, and this unfortunately this has been ignored by the media.

Some games talk about: depression, losing loved ones, treason, and other controversial topics like corruption and racism.

3. Improving social skills

Cooperative and competitive games provide good sportsmanship and social interactions, and both are things that we should learn in this time.
On a personal level, games provided opportunities to meet other amazing people from all over the globe.

4. Improves your decision making

Some games depend on moral choices like risking your life for a reward or who to leave behind in a bad situation. You will be presented with difficult choices, and this is a great way to make your actions ingame feel significant.

5. For everyone 

IRL some activities are not suitable for everyone due to many reasons. But video games are for everyone, even if you weren’t a professional you will be encouraged to learn and enjoy the game.
And the difficulty scale in games makes them for everyone, and no matter how old you are there is always a game for you.

6. Improves your knowledge base

In video games you get a lot experiences east and west and you get to learn a lot of historical facts. You can learn more about the Japanese culture in games like Yakuza, and learn about old architecture in Assassins creed.

7.  Improves creativity 

I know that a lot of games don’t let you do anything other than destroy, but on the other hand there are games that improve creativity especially for kids. Games like Minecraft allows the player to build their own experiences, and games like Dreams are entirely based on player creativity.

8. Looking for victory

If you ask a lot of gamers why do you play? The answer will probably be to reach one simple desire, victory. At the end of the day its a game that you have to beat, and this way comes the feeling of satisfaction, i am not going to lie, it feels good to beat a boss after many fails, or to finally beat your friend in his game.


Note:  I ONLY TRANSLATED THESE AREN’T MY WORDS

Cred.it: play.sly on inst.agram