I think I’m in a toxic friendship So basically I’ve been friends with this girl since year 7, and now I’m in year 10. And there are so many things that I am noticing now that make me think that it may actually be a toxic relationship, and especially when I look back on past events. 

Like i remember last year I got 90% on my chemistry test and I was so happy so I told her and she said ‘well I got 95%, no wonder I’m the smart one in the friend group’. That comment really hurt me, and I don’t know why I didn’t notice anything then, but stuff like this happens all the time relating to school work. I was sad that I no longer got to sit next to her in a lesson and she simply said it’s because ‘I mess around too much’, yet she’s the one who distracts me, or like I’ve told her about how I have trouble focusing on homework and in lessons and she said it’s ‘because I’m lazy’ and that it’s ‘no wonder that I don’t do as well as her’. And also then in German, where basically I know the teacher is basing all her hatred for me based of me not doing well in one test in September, she says that i ‘definitely need to go to German help’, even tho I’m actually doing quite well now. 

It’s not just with academics. It’s also just she likes to put me down all the time it feels like. Like I sit next to her in biology, but she will ignore me the entire time and instead talk to the person sitting on the other side of her and play game with the and I just feel so left out. I mean I’d understand if she’d want to focus on her work, but no she’s to busy talking to someone else, and doesn’t care about me. I’m also a fairly short guy, and she likes to make fun of me all the time about it. I’ve even told her that I don’t like it, cause I’m insecure about it, yet she will still make fun of me and it really does hurt me. 

Also, I came out to her as gay, and her response was ‘uh me to. Your not special just cause your gay. Get over it’ 

She also loves to ignore me. Like I’ll text her and she will leave me on read for an entire week. Also she plays these really cruel jokes on me.  Like in year 8 I had this huge crush on Tom Holland, and she pulled this ‘prank’ on me where she claimed to be family friends with Tom Holland, and then said that he died in a car crash and I actually believed her and was very sad. 

Also in regards to my mental health, I told her about how I was struggling with depression and anxiety. Her response was ‘me too. Mine is worse that yours cause I’ve been struggling with it since I was 5. You just don’t know because im so good at hiding it. Also don’t tell anyone else about how your problems’ I was speechless at that response, like it doesn’t have to be a fricking competition. This happened a few days ago and was kinda what made me notice everything. 

Sorry if this was just kinda all over the place, I just needed to get it out of my system