Debunking a few braindead conspiracy theories that Karen's have: 1. Big pharma is putting microchips into the covid vaccine to track us.

Do you realise how impractical that is? If they want your location, they can just ask Facebook, twitter, Google, or any other tech giant for that information. For very cheap. And a lot more information than a chip could provide as well, like interests, hobbies, concerns, political and social activity, you name it. Let alone all the information the government has on you.

2. Chemtrails.

I heard a great argument against this one. Do high-up members of pharmaceutical companies breathe air? Yes. And so do their families. And everyone the love and care about. They wouldn't risk poisoning themselves or their loved ones for a quick buck.

3. Climate change is a hoax

Why would ANYONE fake climate change? The benefits are far outweighed by the amount of effort and money needed to fake something this big.

4. Flat earth

See No.3

Also, use common sense. Is the sun flat? No. Is mars flat? No. Do the laws of physics exist? Yes.
With this information, is Earth a flat spinning disk? No you fucking idiot!

5. I'm not fat, just big-boned

No. You can't pound double cheeseburgers for 20 years and expect not to get fat. Go to the gym.
(I do acknowledge that some people are built bigger, but there's a difference between being built like a brick and being built like a fucking Blobfish.)

6. Vaccines cause autism / they are harmful

Ok ok, let's have a little talk about what is and is not harmful.

Mercury is a poisonous metal that will kill you in certain doses. However, in small enough amounts, it is completely harmless. The same goes for arsenic, aluminium, etc. Will they do you good? Probably not. Will they do you bad? No. Your own blood contains traces of these elements and chemicals, but you aren't ill because the concentration is so low that it won't effect your body at all.

As for autism, that theory originated from some crazy scientist from 40 years ago. His theory was disproved and he lost his medical license. There are hundreds of studies that show no correlation.

Also, if you would rather have a child who died of measles than an autistic one, you should be put down. Just a personal moral principle of mine.


This was fun. Until next time fellow karmawhores.