The two reasons why I hate my school so much. WARNING: LONG POST AHEAD

Before I write this post, I would like to start off by saying that I am what is considered and old year 8, so even though I am 13, I still go to a school with kids all the way from 5 years old to 13 years old. 

The reason I have not enjoyed my years at this school that much is the kids there. Both of the reasons have to do with the other kids. The first reason of why I hate this school is the bus. Holy fuck is it loud. You literally have to raise your voice just to be heard by someone who is sitting right next to you. There are kids constantly yelling and squealing in really loud voices and have no idea that making so much noise is actually not only really annoying, but also really dangerous. The bus driver needs to hear what is going on around the bus so he knows if something has gone wrong, but unfortunately, apart from me and a few other year 8s, none of the kids seem to understand that. I have been given the job of bus monitor, and what that means is that me and one other person have to go up the front of the bus and tell everyone to be quiet, and basically just try to keep the noise down on the bus. I do this multiple times a ride, and yet it has no effect on the noise level. I honestly dread the bus ride home every day, because it is the fucking loudest thing you've ever heard, and I am expected to deal with it. Also, the fact that I'm a year 8 means that the teachers have high expectations of me, and they think that I am able to keep the kids under control. But no, that does not happen. I hate this bus with a passion and I can't fucking wait till school ends in like 8 weeks so I never have to set foot on it again.

Now, for my second reason, and this is probably the more significant one. The social aspect of my life is not very fun for me. My 'friends' (notice the quotation marks) are some of the worst kids I know. They are, to sum it up, fucking immature. I don't want to sound like someone who thinks they're cool because they're older, but really, it's true. These kids are constantly taking the piss out of me, calling me bad things, saying bad stuff about me and taking me down at every opportunity I get. And then they laugh about it with each other because 'I'm not cool', even though what they are doing is really not that cool at all. God, I have so much anger at them that has built up over the past two or so years. And it's not only anger, its also sadness. Borderline depression, although I don't want to be seen as a faker, so I'll just call it sadness. My 'friends' have worn down my self esteem so much by non-jokingly calling me skinny, ugly and dumb, and making fun of me in front of everyone. And now when I look in the mirror, I can only see the bad things in myself. The flaws. I genuinely hate these kids. Here's a situation that i put up with on the daily: I make a joke. One of my 'friends' says "you're not cool/funny anon, shut up". He then goes on to talk in a baby voice with the other boys and giggle like a baby at the stupidest shit. Like, what the fuck? How can you call me not cool, then go on to act like a baby and think, no, BELIEVE that you are cool kid?
Now, here's the thing. Sometimes these kids are not like this. Maybe like 25% of the time, they are decent people. But what happens is everyone else only takes notice of that 25%, and don't realise how idiotic my 'friends' are. They don't actually take notice of what I'm pitting up with all the time. And also, the kids actually think they are not mean to me. They only look at the 25% where they are decent people, and don't think I am getting so worn down by them. They don't know how bad they are.
 Now, I know what you're thinking. Why don't you just find some better friends? The thing is, I can't. I literally can't. I go to a country school with like 200 people at it so there aren't many choices for friends. So, it's either act like you have good friends, or be the lonely kid who no one likes. It's tough. Honestly, the end of the year is the only thing I'm looking forward to. Then, at least I will be starting fresh at high school, and I can find some good quality friends to hang out with.

So, that's it. The two reasons why I hate my school so much. I could have gone into more detail in the second reason, but that would just make the post longer than it already is. If you managed to read this far, I'm impressed. 
I just needed somewhere to vent about this. I am not in a good state when it comes to happiness, as you can see, and I think when the end of the year rolls round I will be so, so much happier. Thanks.