ok guys, this is not what you're used to, but whatever. I have liked a guy for about 2 1/2 years. he is my 2nd best friend, and I am his 2nd best friend. we get along so so so well. I really think that he seriously likes me back. I have been wanting to tell him for about a year, but last weekend, I came to a conclusion. so first, here's a lil background:

 I am a christian. he is a christian. I had a dream last summer about us, married (we had been married since 18, and we were now 22. btw that is not uncommon for christians to get married young) we were visiting my parents, who now lived in my grandparent's house, except it was renovated. I had a son, a couple weeks old. my parents had not met our son before, because I lived so far away, as in I had moved to a different country. that was the whole thing. but I could not see the son's face. that is because in your dreams, if you make up a character, your brain is unable to make up a face, and just uses a face from a random person you have met before. if it is someone from the future that you have not met yet, you won't be able to see their face. so, yeah.

like I said, I had been wanting to tell him that I liked him, but I decided it was his turn to put in effort. 

I started having a lil crush on him, so I decided to try to get to know him. we are both extremely shy, but I mustered up all my courage, and started a friendship. now we are very good friends, and talk about everything. he probably likes me, like, a lot. but, I am not going to tell him that I like him, because I really don't want to date just to date, but more courting, with intentions to get married. 

(ik ik ik, this is not a modern or common view, but it is my view on how things should be, also, I feel like it would be wise,)

so I want to leave this in God's hands, and if it is his will, then it will work out, and this guy I like(ormaybelove) will have the courage to put in effort, and tell me that he likes me.

yes. that's the post. there is a TON more stuff, but its long enough as is.