Broke up before we even started So I met this girl on the ski team. It was her first year skiing and she was really bad so I though she was like a nerd or something. So I kinda avoided her. I usually ride the lift back up by myself but, she joined me and after a nervous couple of seconds she broke the silence and started talking. I instantly new that I could keep talking to her until her ear fell off. So I started trying to sit with her on chairlifts more often.

The end of the season approaches and I think off asking her out. Of course I get to nervous and chicken out. Lucky for me she didn’t 😺 out. Since it was the first time a not complete weirdo said they liked me I thought for awhile if I should say yes. Luckily she texted me so I just quickly typed yes and hoped I didn’t just make my life terrible.

She asks me where I want to go and I say a pizza place. She agrees and we set up to meet in four days.

The day finally comes around and I am so frickin nervous. I spend half the day thinking the whole thing was a prank and that she’s not going to shows up.

I bike there and I get there before her. She’s wearin the normal baggy unzipped sweatshirt with the ripped jeans. We walk inside to get our pizzas and I see she just gets a cheese pizza. We walk outside and she noticed that I didn’t have any cheese on mine (I don’t like chees I don’t know why) I tell why. Then she tell me that she’s vegetarian soo I’m like wrong restaurant pick in my end.

We spend like 4 hours just talking and I think she looked like she was having fun. I know I was having fun, but it was staring to get cold so I say that I should probably leave soon since I didn’t have a coat. She’s like okay. We talk for like 40 more minutes then we both leave.

Cut to a week later I ask her if she wants to go on a date. (We had a break so that why theirs a gap) she takes like 2 days to respond when she does she says that she confused why I texted her again because she thought I didn’t look like I was having fun on the date. I’m completely dumbfounded that she thought that but I just said alright bye. And that the last time we talked.

Ps. please don’t hate