She led me on One day these girls in my math class started making fun of me, so I finished my work and went to the library.

I sat there eyes closed with my earbuds in listening to music when a girl taps me on the shoulder and asks if I was okay

Fast forward a few weeks and were best friends, we talk everyday now, I started catching feelings for her, and then one day she was sick so I asked her sister for the girls locker combination, she gave me her combination and then I went and I put mac’n’cheese, ramen, instant ready soup, and I left her a note saying I’m sorry she felt bad I hope this makes you feel better, and under the note I put my hoodie, and a green frog from build-a-bear workshop. She comes in the next day wearing my hoodie, and carrying around the frog.

I thought to myself “she definitely likes me back, cause if she didn’t she wouldn’t be wearing my hoodie”. We meet up in the library and she sits me down saying she needed to have a serious conversation with me.

She starts saying “I’m sorry I just can’t really deal with emotions very well, but my sister said that I had been wrongfully leading you on” at this point there are tears running down her face, I wiped them away with my hoodie sleeve, and I grab her some tissues for her nose, she asked if I was fine and I said yes. I was in fact not fine. I held back my tears, sitting there quietly. 5th period is next.

I get to 5th period and I started breaking down crying, silently, my hair is long enough to cover my face so no one can see me cry (I’m a guy). Then it’s 6th period, band.

I walk into the band room and I instantly hugged my best friend Isabel, and I start to cry, my drum captain excused us both from class today as my dum captain gave me a hug.

I went out to the hall with isabel, and I start to cry hysterically in her arms, she wiped away my tears, she held me tightly, I then proceeded to lay my head down in her lap as she stroked my hair with her fingers in efforts to get me to calm down. After everyone is done running (it was physical day for drum line) everyone came and gave me a big hug and I felt super happy that I get the privilege of all these amazing people in my life.

I get home go to my room and I cried myself to sleep.

I woke up to my crush’s sister messaging me saying “Kade, she does like you
she just doesn't like herself right
now

she doesn't want you to like the part
of her she hates
she is really bad at conveying her
feelings but she was trying to say she just
needs time. she doesn't feel like
she's ready for someone to like her
because she feels like she's not the
person she wants to be yet”

Then I said” But when I asked what you meant
when you said she liked me she said
just don't like like you

I totally get it, I'm just confused
cause l'm getting mixed signals

Then her sister said “she doesn't mean she doesn't like you, i even asked her in gym second
hour 

she doesn't like who she is yet and
she doesn't want you to like the part
of herself she hates.

Tl:dr the girl I like, likes me but she doesn’t at the same time