My dad’s been a dick to me for such a long time and has expected me to still be happy to come over to his house. Should I just hit fuck it and give him shit until he stops? So for the longest time my dad and I have not gotten along. I have divorced parents and I have to go over to his house every other weekend. For the past year things have really taken a turn for the worse. He just talks without thinking, becomes rude when talking about my mom, and is annoyingly homophobic. Most recently, he backed into my car (that he had no place in buying at all) and when I came out to see, I said something like “jesus christ.” Mind you, this was directed at the damage, not him. I went inside and he then said that the insurance company had it all under control. He went on to say that my reaction was out of line and that he has never seem someone so immature. On top of this, once I got my car fixed he then told me to thank him for hitting my car because the car now looks better (it looks the same). I jokingly said I don’t think I will, and he further decided to take it seriously. Not only this, but there have been countless times where he’s just casually judgmental about everything. Some time last year I told him I didn’t want to come over anymore, but now he just acts like that never happened. In fact, he acts like nothing ever happens and then makes me out to be this neglecting ass. He’s also the reason I will never go out of the country as a minor, because he believes that my mom would “steal me” which makes no legal sense.   

So, the thing I have to ask is if I should just shut him out completely until he changes? I had this plan earlier today to just stop talking to him entirely or be honest when he asks in his cutesy way about hanging out with him? Trying to find middle ground has never works, as I’m always the one to change and he remains to stay the same. I’d stop if he changed and let me have a passport. My other option is just to wait through another two years.   

Sorry if this is written poorly, I didn’t have time to look it over. If you have any questions, ama and I’ll answer. Also, I’m 16 for reference