My parents think I have mental problems. Because I talked in an open group chat. That's it, that's the post.

\[Edit: Please don't criticize me about Kpop. This could literally have happened with any other artist or topic and it would have ended the exact same way. I am not here to ask about your opinions on music, but for advice on the more serious issue.\]

Here's some context: I like Kpop, and I don't have many real life friends who do. My parents also happen to be big antis. They don't allow me to listen to Kpop, look at the idols, and all that whatnot. The reason being they're "fake" and will lead me into bad habits. But I've been pretty undercover about it, and I don't do that much anyway-- I just listen to the music. I think they've gotten somewhat used to it now, though. My parents are also very strict and guarded. I'm not allowed to go on social media much, I can't attend social events unless they're academic, I have never facetimed a friend, and I don't think I've gone out with anyone except my parents since last year. (I'm an only child.)

Last night at around 1am, I was tired, but my mind was awake. I had downloaded Kakaotalk a couple weeks ago. For those of you who don't know, it's a Korean messaging app. One feature was still new to me, the open chat, and I wanted to try it out. How it works is you can search for a topic, and join group chats with people who like the same topic. My favorite Kpop group Stray Kids had just come back recently with a new album, so I thought it would be interesting to talk with some other people about it. So I searched up Stray Kids, and joined in a room with a couple hundred people. I don't really know how the culture is like in these chats, but being a new person I introduced myself (said my name, but that's it) and said my bias in the group. Then some people welcomed me so I chatted with them for a bit. It was only a few texts, about nothing in particular. Then I got sleepy so I said I have to go. And fell asleep.  
Today I was attending a class via Zoom and heard my parents discussing downstairs. They said "she needs a therapist" and I was curious who they were talking about, so I asked. It was me.My mom came running into my room and throwing insults at me. Said I need a therapist and I was being controlled by Satan (mind you, we are a Christian family). She proceeds to say that if I can't sleep at night, I should do my homework. And both of them yell at me for the remainder of my class. The bad thing is, we're required to turn our videos on for Zoom. So I had to slouch in my chair the whole time and only show my forehead because I was crying.There's actually some more but I would have to give too much context, and I'm not really in the mood to write a whole novel right now.

But I really need to know. Is this really a valid reason to say I'm mentally damaged and need help? Because I am 99.99% certain I am not. I've made online friends before, on Discord. I am completely familiar with the Discord Kpop community, and reveal a limited part of my identity. I know the risks, and I know how to take care of myself. Plus, Kakaotalk has complete anonymity in the open group chats, so they can't see anything except my name and picture (which was a pic of me without my face. nothing revealing).

I don't know what I'm asking for writing this post, probably just validation, but I want to know that I'm not the only one who thinks I didn't do anything wrong. Yes, it was against my parents' standards, but do I really have to go see a therapist now???  
(+ advice on how to talk to my parents about this would be appreciated as well)

thx.