My teen years are almost over, so I thought I'd share a story from my past to everyone here. Both of my parents are doctors. We're an above average class family. My mother was strict, she would tell me to stand in the corner, with the lights off as a punishment, which scared me.

I'm a smart person, good grades, responsible, yadda, yadda yadda. I was a bit of an asshole when I was a kid. I thought myself better than everyone else. I had no friends, but I didn't mind that. I only thought of how superior I was. I was 8 years old, in second grade, at an all boys school. We had this this thing called a "Pupil Leader". Now pupil leaders are selected based on grades and conduct. If you had good grades and conduct you could be one. I was a pupil leader. Pupil leaders come to the classrooms of lower batches and watch the younger kids before the teacher arrives during morning. In the class that I was assigned to, there were 44 (I think?) kids in it. I thought I'd act like my mother and scream at the kids and look at them with a stern face when they misbehaved. I also had this list with their names and I told them that I'd write a sad face beside their name is they misbehaved. It thought I'd be a great pupil leader.

I was wrong.

The kids went wild and they didn't give a damn about my list. It was chaos everyday in the morning. They only started behaving when their teacher arrives. I didn't want to stop being a pupil leader though. I was determined and I wanted to them to obey me. One time, a kid ran out of the classroom and I had to chase him through the playground. It was an ordeal every morning.

Now I'd like to tell the story about how there were no more pupil leaders after I became one.

It was another average day of the week. I came to class early, I left my bag at my classroom in the second grade building, took my pencil and my list and went to the Prep kids building and arrived at their classroom. No one was there yet,  I stood in front and waited patiently for the kids to arrive. As the minutes passed, more kids came and the class got noisier. I proceeded to write more sad faces in the list and I even wrote the names of the misbehaving kids on the board. And then one kid ran to the board, wrote my name and wrote "is gay" beside it. I was mad, REALLY MAD. I screamed "YOU'RE ALL GAY" and a parent just happened to pass by. The world stopped for me. I knew that it was over. My career and reputation as a student with good conduct would be over. Was I going to get  a low conduct? Was I going to be expelled? Was I going to be sent to a mental asylum for screaming "YOU'RE ALL GAY" at a bunch of kids? 

The parent obviously reported it, I got sent to the assistant principal's office, and they called my parents. After that I had an ordinary day at class, none my fellow second graders knew about what I did, but all of my teachers did. I could tell since they were giving me an odd look that day.

Then when I came home, my mother scolded me and when my dad asked what I did, my mother told him and he just laughed and told me not to be so harsh on others.

The next day, I didn't come to the other building and when my teacher came, she announced that there would be no more pupil leaders due to a CERTAIN INCIDENT.

Lesson of the story: DON'T BE A DICTATOR, OR ANY KIND OF LEADER