I finally had someone I know open up to some problems in my life. I have no idea what to do. Heyo everyone. Let me tell you a little backstory. In school, theres this shy, but hella cute girl in my classes, that I got to know about 2 months ago. Every now and then when we texted, she would say something about the problems she had in her life, but never has she fully said what was going on. I knew that it wasn’t something that could be  brushed off, so i wanted to be there for her, and help her. 

Slowly but surely, I asked her about her problems, promising to help, trying my best not to be rude and overwhelming.

And so, i got this message out of her:

“Well my parents divorced and my dad lives 45 mins away from my school and friends so I can never c my friends when I'm there. My dad is absolutely broke to his ass lol and my mom don't wanna help even though she is the cause for all my problems and she don't even know. My step mom is an absolute biatch. We had this huge fight and she acted like I did everything wrong even tho she literally pushed me and was on top of me on the ground tryna get my phone. Ion tell ANYONE this but I'm low key a schizophrenic and drinking is the only thing that helps that. There's more but from that u can decide what my biggest issue is lmao”

(Im not gonna specify how old she is exactly, but let me tell you, she is way below the legal age to drink)

That was a lot for me, and im the guy who usually listens to everyone’s problems. Call me a snowflake or whatever, but I have never encountered something that bad. I have no idea what to do. All of those problems seem like something I cant help with, although I know there is a way to help.

If you have gone through any of these problems, or even have the slightest idea of how to help, I will be reading every single comment because this girl means a lot to me and I know for a fact she needs someones help. I can provide as much background info as needed, just ask, as long as its not anything too personal (age, where she lives, you get what I mean).

Thank you all so much.