I can’t get her out of my head. Long story! Hey so I just wanted to share something that I’ve been experiencing for nearly 2y from now.

So it was the first day of this class’s year and I’m just sitting by myself waiting for the usual introductory speech of the year and this girl sits next to me, she was new to the school and she seemed pretty lost. We have this system during which if there’s a new student they can have some kind of a guide for a few weeks in order to help them locate themselves around the buildings, classes etc.

So I thought to myself, hey lets help her, I’m sure she could use some help and it’d be good to make a new friend! So here we were hanging out often together at school for me to guide her and she was really nice with me and thanked me all the time which felt really good as I was and still kinda am really insecure.

She was really pretty, very smart and interesting, absolutely my type of girl. But at the time, I didn’t think about it, yet.

I made the error of trying to make other friends and so our connection slightly loosened and I kinda lost contact with her which I am still mad about to this day. 

The first few months pass and I start falling in love with her, and when I fall in love it’s very very intense. I’m trying to reconnect with her and it works pretty well, we were often complimenting each other and during Christmas if this year she dropped the biggest hints on the planet that she liked me and like an absolute idiot I didn’t notice it cuz I was so stressed about making what I said would make her happy! 

And that’s when we didn’t talk at all for a while, the signs were in front of me, and yet I don’t see them. Fast forward a few months I attempt reconnecting once more with her with little to no success until eventually we start spending some time together again but she’s in a relationship. 

I was trying not to think too much about it but I was obsessed with her, she was all I could think about all I would care about. And when I knew I could make a move again when she was single, i told myself I’d have to do it before the end of the year which was approaching very fast.

I was so in love with her that I was too stressed and anxious that I would mess things up terribly. Here comes mid June, we’re the morning of her birthday, I got a present for her and I’m planning on confessing to her. But here comes the first problem.

I learn that same morning that my father had been cheating on my mother for at least the last 15years. Not the greatest thing to hear when departing to school. I decided to take a moment to breathe a little bit so that I could tell her how I felt a little later, she was still all I would think off.

Here it is, 4 days later I’m going to tell her everything is ready. But she’s starting to leave with her friends but the stress holds me back. I couldn’t, I was about to tell her just how much I loved her, I had even written a letter to explain what I felt inside her present. 

However I wanted to tell her that day, so I decided to do it by text, and eventually send her the letter and the present. 

I get the sad answer that she feels so happy that I told her that but that she was currently in a relationship and that she felt very much sorry for me. I was devastated, I still of course loved her. But the accumulation of events drove me a little mad. I also worked for my company and a friends during the whole summer 7h30 a day and I tired me. 

I told my mother I was susceptible of doing “terrible things” as I called them, I should never of said that. All my private life was now exposed to pretty much my whole house.

Here starts another year, and of course I’m in the same class as the girl which deeply hurts me, and later on find out that the person in her couple is in the same class, I had 1/7 chances to be in her class, and 1/49 chances that they both would be. She was still the very thing that drove me to school everyday, I still loved her very deeply but I couldn’t get her.

The rest of the year I thought I had forgotten about it all, and I had gone through some very dark moments, self harm, depression and more. But I feel better now at least. And around June of that year, so 2 months from now. I became obsessed with her again, I still loved her, I wished her a happy birthday while glancing at the present I had sworn to give her, sitting on my desk, waiting for I’m not even sure what. I still think about her every single day, and I feel kinda desperate. 

At least now I have much more confidence in myself and am much more sociable which I am proud of! Thanks for reading I just had to share this!