FOLLOW these RULES in your RELATIONSHIPS Having multiple friendships and several love relationships I understood certain things.

Relationships are hard to understand, all of 'em are different and complicated, people break up or fail in relationships daily and wonder why.

Friendships - The most common for any human being, even as babies some already have a friend, even though some of 'em will end up at 20 years old completely alone. A true friendships is based on patience and love. Sharing love will ensure a strong friendship. Patience will build an immune system to your friends behavior, way of thinking and way of acting.

Love relationships - Might end badly, for example with a heated argument, accompanied by tears and maybe later suicide. (Losing the loved one, certain people consider it the end of the world and would end their lives, in some cases, to harm their ex-partners). Love relationships is basically love, also trust and patience. Love can be shared by attention (Spending time, bringing up topics that spark joy in your partners mind etc.).

At the end of the day patience is the key to everything. I suggest to not rush, be patient and don't try to pick up any beautiful human being you see, try to find your friends or partners at certain events, at a coffee shops, library or any other chill place. Approaching would be best if the individual is alone or with a friend. Approaching someone who is already a part of a bigger group, in most of the cases will fail, especially if the individual is in a noisy group at a restaurant or club, the individual can consider it as a joke or can make fun of your gesture in order to assure dominance in front of his/hers fellas, or can just get ashamed and lose any power to talk, creating a cringe situation.

Don't rush the talk. Never share secrets if you feel uncomfortable, or you lack trust in the partner. Don't show off, try to not brag about things you have, trips you went to or what important people you have around you. Don't share personal information, on first dates, if it comes to sharing make sure you are confident sharing it. And please, don't rush any kiss, or sex, it will come by itself when you and your partner will feel confident enough and will both have trust in each other. Also don't be manipulative.

Wish you the best.

TL;DR: Be the nice guy, don't rush things and you will end up with successful relationships.