The actual reasons why minecraft is better than fortnite. A big breakdow. Have you ever been in school, walked in the street, and heard people fighting about "whats the best game minecraft or fortnite"?

On tiktok you probably saw kids dancing the "default" or on reddit some saying "fortnite bad minectaft good"

So here i am, breaking it down to atoms: why minectaft is a more iq game than fortnite.

To begin: im a 16 year old game developer who learned unity and unteal engine, and i have a lot of expirience with desiging video games.

Now, video games have a few keys to success. There are a lot of in game technics going on you dont even notice that are happening and making you have fun.

Lets start with fortnite:

To make the player have fun, the developers want the player to feel good at its game, like he/r is doing good even when they are not.

Here comes whats called an "aim assist".

If you dont know what an aim assist is, its a different name to "auto aim".

If you go on fortnite or any game with this feature, and you aim near the head of an enemy, you will notice your gun, moving slowly to the direction of the enemy's head.

This allows players to shoot close to the enemy without fully aiming at them, giving them the feeling of "wow, i actualy sniped/shotgunned them! Nice aim!".

But how does this work?

There are 2 types of shooter games:

1. Where when the player shoots, bullets come out of the gun to the player (like arrows in minecraft or guns in overwatch)

2. Where when the player shoots, the bullet will instantly appear where the player aims at, the bullet never exists but the effect of it does. (Like in fortnite, starcraft and pvz gw are great examples.)

On the first option its harder to make an aim assist, beause the player usualy notice the bullet and like in cs:go you can use these bullets to aim better. On games like fortnite having the second option, the player almost never notices the bullet itself, making it easier to put an assist in the game.

So what does this mean?

Games like fortnite require less skill than games like minecraft.

In fortnite no matter how much you play, you are almost not improving in any way at all.

Your aim stays motly the same, the biggest change between game rounds and players is luck.

If you are lucky enough you get good guns, easy enemies.

On games like minecraft there is of course luck but a lot less. You are the one who control the game and choose your path, on minecraft you dont have an assist because there is no reason for. Mojang surveys says 87% of the players use swords only, basically melee.

And while minecraft requires more thinking and path planning for the game, dont forget that sometimes fortnite can be more fun.

Especialy for people who are new to video games, which has proven to be most of the fortnite community.

And while minecraft does have a lot more content than fortnite, including mods and online servers with more features, fortnite isnt that terrible to what it is, and enjoying it shouldnt be a problem.

And for the question, is minecraft better than fortnite?

It depends on you.

If you are enjoying it, there is no reason for you to not play it.