A story I wrote because I was bored.(warning:I don't know anything about writing,and this is likely terrible)  Yesterday evening, I met with my childhood friend to hang out.  
We were walking near the beach and talking about old times and fun experiences we have shared.  
"Hey, remember about the first time we two met?", I nervously asked.  
"  Yeah of course, my father brought me along with him when he came to  visit your parents. At first I didn't really want to hang out with you  at first, but when I got to know you I realized you were a pretty fun  person. Anyway, what brought this on?  
" W-Well ever since that day  I've always been meaning to tell you something", I said as my heart  started beating faster and faster  
"You can tell me anything, you know that I won't judge you. Why is this making you so anxious?  
We  finally  stopped walking and sat at a bench. The sun was setting and  the scenery was beautiful. The atmosphere was calm and relaxing.  
"The  thing is, ever since I first saw you I've noticed how great you are.  You're always so kind and caring towards me. W-what I'm trying to say  is, that I like you, Anna", I told her.  
As soon as I said that, I  felt like my heart was about to explode. It only took her a few moments  to reply but to me, it felt like ages. I started getting thoughts about  how I probably just ruined our friendship and that she obviously won't  like me back.  
"Why are you shaking so much?", she said as she slowly approached and put her arms around me as I naturally did the same.   
"The  truth is...I've always liked you too. I feel really happy when I am  with you, but I never told you because I felt like you wouldn't feel the  same way about me. I'm really glad you do",she told me quietly while  smiling.  
" I....."  
I was truly at a loss for words. Even though I  had finally found the courage to ask her out, I still didn't expect her  to share the same feelings for me.I felt like I was dreaming.  
We  spend the next hour or so leaning towards each other while gazing at the  stunning view of the sunset and the exceptionally bright and colourful  light illuminating from the broad sea.  


Later,we started heading  towards home.The sky was clear and beautiful and I was having the time  of my life,talking with the person I adore the most, but something  felt.....off.The atmosphere had suddenly become cold and eerie.  
"Is it just me or do you also feel like something is wrong?  
Her expression suddenly changed.Her face was completely blank and lacked emotion.  
"So you finally noticed huh",she said in judging manner.  
I felt a sudden ,chilling breeze and I got goosebumps all over my body...  
''It  seems like ,once again,you got so absorbed into one of fantasies of  yours you even forgot that you are simply daydreaming in the first  place.How pitiful.  
Well then again,I'm also just a character you  created to satisfy your needs,nothing more than the image of your failed  relationships....Just when are you finally going to realize that  ,instead of creating all these unrealistic scenarios to make you think  that you are happy ,you should act.Well then again,I never really  expected anything else from the person who created me.  


Suddenly,everything  in this perfect world I had created finally,shattered.All that was left was me and here I am now, alone staring at the ceiling of my dark  bedroom.