Guys I need some encouragement Ok so here's the deal, yesterday was my first day at my new school. (Sort of, I chose to be all remote since my new school doesn't follow covid guidelines, even though cases in my area are spiking, and no one wears there mask properly) At my old school, only two honor roll classes were offered, math and science. I was only eligible for science so I took it. But in my new school, Honors English, Math, Science, and social studies are offered. I was eligible for all four, but I only did three since math is my weak point (89 average) and I didn't want to overwhelm myself too much right off the bat. Here's the problem, EVERYTHING IS DIFFERENT. First off, how online school here works. Before, in my old school, we used Google classroom, Google meet, etc. So that way, everything was in one place and super user friendly. In my new school, we're using "Schoology" and and zoom. It's so much clunkier and harder to navigate, especially Schoology. In my old school I was taking bio, in my new school we're doing physical science, in my old school, in history, we were talking about the alcohol ban, now in my new school, we're talking about the American revolution, etc. So I have a lot of "catching up" to do, by that I mean, I have to teach myself a bunch of material over the weekend and Thanksgiving break. And my parents are the type who if I don't get perfect grades, they will murder me. But here's the thing, they get super pissed off at how long it takes me to work! Like, if you count school and homework, I'm working around 10 hours a day, and I don't see how it's my fault. They want me to get perfect grades, yet they are bothered at how long it takes me to work, my dad especially. They get pissed off if I get mad at them for walking into my room when I'm in class. Anyways, I'm pretty confident I'll be able to learn all the material. Thanksgiving break starts Wednesday and we got back December 1st, and we're going to be getting minimal, if any, homework, so I'll have a ton of time to just work. I just want encouragement I guess.