My first wet dream had really really bad timing 1st, I need to include some background info... 
My girlfriend of 2.5 years is going into college for musical theater, so in order to get into college there’s tons of auditions she has to go through and it’s super stressful. She also has a job and is taking relatively difficult classes in school. So knowing all of this, I backed down and settled for only hanging out with her on weekends, sometimes every other weekend. (I was also taking at home learning, while she was in person) So there was relatively little to no contact between us, aside from our nightly calls.

Well out of nowhere, around Christmas, she asked if we could take a break as she was super stressed out. I said ok, as she said it would only be a week and she had tons of work to do. I didn’t mind as I just want her to be happy. Well 3 weeks went by and I got to thinking, I was happy, I felt great, and the only reason I would feel stressed about our relationship was if I felt guilty or if I was cheating... So I approached her and asked, and she admitted that she had maybe started feeling something for one of her coworkers. Fuck. Ok, I’m not upset, I can see how spending 5-6 hours with someone 5 times a week might make you feel something towards them, especially if you never see your current partner. I explained how I wasn’t mad, but she didn’t tell be about any issue, and now that I know I can start spending more time with her. Plus, I’m in person now for school so I’ll start seeing her and talking to her daily. She accepted these points but wanted to decide if she wanted to continue with me or start something with her coworker... Fuck x2. 

Well it’s been 3 days, and every. single. day. I’ve had a wet dream about her... wtf? I never get them! Why now! Why does my body have to bring it up right when I’m hurting the most.

TLDR: My dumb stupid horny teenage brain kicks me when I’m down

Note: I think I have a good chance of getting back with her, we’ve never had a big argument and I treat her wonderfully. Though I’m having a hard time competing with someone she sees so frequently. Also I’m hoping none of my friends see this, but if they do, Hi, Thomas