just a test So, i don't really have anything important to say, i just wanted to figure out what the written character limit is on reddit, because i see one on the title but not one in the text box, i wonder if this is based on the subreddit rules or just the policies of reddit as a whole, i could use google to figure it out, but this is more fun, however after a while if there seems to be no limiting force to characters, then i'm just going to cap it out there. I really need a way to fill this, but i can't think of anything oh wait i thought of something okay what the hell is up with youtube guidelines, they are striking people like penguinz0 and markiplier for years old staged videos with real people in them but not that one kid who beats animals to death and has no remorse whatsoever, i am now convinced that whatever entity resides in youtube headquarters and constitutes the manual review department is not in fact a human being, and may not be their out of youtubes will, i want to find out for sure, but i don't want to get arrested or have the thing kill me for revealing it. So thats going to remain a mystery for the time being, but lets move on. I wonder if anyone had read this far, possibly someone who is super determined to read to the end and has lots of time on their hands, so congratulations to you, anyone who is reading this, you are very determined, but it will be a waste of your time. i suggest doing anything else, and avoiding this post further on, because its going to look like whats on the wall of a prison after a man spends 30 years in it, but i digress, from what i have no idea, but there is certainly something more important to talk about than this. Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna run around and desert you, never gonna make you cry, never gonna say goodbye, never gonna tell a lie and hurt you. You were probably expecting that to happen at some point, because with the prevalence of rickrolls these days it makes it very anticipated, but maybe it did suprise someone, and i'm not going to stickbug and distract anyone, cause the songs have no lyrics and this is a text post, but even if i could the one meme is enough. Does it even count as a rickroll if its just the text, or does it have to be rick ashley? Let me know in the comments, you know, if you read this far, or if you just looked in the middle, fine by me, i just want an answer. And there seems to be no limit, so i'm going to post it, i could make it longer, but if it gets removed i don't want to have wasted more effort.