Today's day was a weird day, happened a lot of thing in a short time haha So all started in my house when my friend told me to come to the cyber cafe, a cyber cafe that it's in the other side of the city. He went there around 12 before I got there cuz he work there. Usually you get paid with money when you do a work, but he got a deal with the cyber cafe to get paid with screen time on the computer to play Leage of legends. 

I got there and we played valorant for about two hours where we won every single game. I still don't know how we won cuz both us suck at shooter, seems there's people sucks more that we do. 

When we left the cyber we were kinda lost on what to do so we just went to a park that was nearby. Its a pretty nice park, it has trees and green everywhere, I love it. that park was made as tribut to one of the greatest writers that ever born in argentina Jorge Luis Borges, but it's also known as the place teenagers smokes weed. 

So we got there and walk a little when we saw a bunch of girls blasting music and twerking together, that was pretty funny imo haha. Usually we just laugh and keep walking when we see something like that , but one of aggressively turns his head at my friend amd shouts "SWEETHEART!". I tell my friend "yo get outta here" and he says "don't worry she's my friend, I know her for years" so we did as he said and went with the suspicious twerking bunch of girls. 

When I got there they welcome us pretty nicely, more than I expected from there, BUT then one of her asked if we had money to buy alcohol to what I said I don't have any money, BUT (I hate buts) my friend sells me and say "No DonT LiE yOu HaVe moNey" those weren't his exacts words but that's what he ment to say. So I get bombed by request from alcoholics girls to lend them money. I give up trying to say I wouldn't give them money and lend them. I couldn't say no, they were really nice asides for them asking me money for vodka when they just met me for the first time.
Anyways they offered me with cookies wich I gladly accepted 

We talk for half an hour or so when one of them brings out something about some girls called Farfan and how she was talking, in a no so friendly way, to her boyfriend, SO ALL OF THEM AGREE IN FUCKING BEAT HER ASS. We when in a really long walk around the city in search of that girl to fucking beat her but we didn't found her and gave up looking for her. 

It was kinda raining that time so we just went all of us to a place where there are some super leafy trees that catch all the rain, basically a bigass natural umbrella. But when we got there, guess what? The mother fucking girl we were looking for was there 💀. 

All the girls were with us suddenly place in a kinda hidden and call the girl there and say something about how she posted a instagram story with her bf and how she put hearts and a 👉👈  emoji on it. Idk clearly what they told her cuz they were kinda far form me, but they both girls had the grudge rised ther arms and got in a fight position. My friend, that knew both girls and knew who would win, ask me to bet on them money.

I kinda don't want to describe the fight cuz it wasn't that exiting, they just grab their hair  and trew aimless slaps anywhere, dumb things girls does when they fight. The thing is that I lost the bet and my friend got the money, that means that he owes me less than before haha 

By that time the weather was getting worse, so everyone started going back the their house. Me and my friend went with them to their houses to say good bye the there except one that was the one that lived the furthest. 

We rest a little in idk how to call that place for a while were that girl sung some for use. She sings really well, has a voice so sweet haha. 

and when we were going to their house my friend had the idea to visit some artist aka tattooist that lived on the way there. He let us in his house, I really like it there was drawings all around his room and was so cool. 

We chilled some time there until that cute girl started to do make up on my friend. She put some red lipstick on him and did his eyelashes too, he looked like a girl lmao, kinda like his cute sister. Lmao my friend has alway been kinda lost with his sexuality and shit so he turned really weird with the make up, he said that when he saw himself in the mirror he had the urge to pose haha. He even borrowed that cute girl shirt and saw half a tiddie cuz she changed her shirt i  front of us haha. 

We got the the final! we went that girls to her house and all of us went their way to their houses; my friend still had his make up on. The day was intersting, truly a good and odd day 😌