Immigrating from Mexico to the US as a teenager (advice). 

Alright so, first of all, I hope your day is going amazing and if it’s not I wish it gets better.

I’m (16 M) currently living in Mexico as I have my entire life. About 18 months ago my family got the opportunity to begin legal proceedings to obtain a Green Card, if it all had gone as planned I’d currently be legally living and studying in the US, however, Trump signed an Executive Order in April that temporarily stopped immigration into the United States.

The immigration firm my family has been working with says we’ll ‘probably’ be living there by March (but they have been kinda unreliable with their estimates), so I don’t know what to believe anymore. This without considering what may happen next year as either Trump or Biden could serve as president.

All of this has got me quite worried, since I know for a fact I don’t want to attend college in Mexico and I’m - if converted to the US education system- a Junior. And I feel like the more time that goes by the more my college options shrink. And Gee, having only one year (my senior year) to adapt to a new life, new school AND college is honestly driving me nuts.

Currently, because of my parents, I’m enrolled in an American home school Christian curriculum called A.C.E, which I don’t think is good academic wise, and it also kinda indoctrinates people into their beliefs. 

In case you don’t feel like looking it up; you basically learn from 50-page books by almost entirely rote memorization, no room for critical thinking at all, you have weekly tests to pass your books, then, you get new books and so on. As far as I know, the system isn’t even accredited, so it kind of feels that this month -the time I’ve been in this ‘school’- has gone to waste. I also feel like being in a non-traditional school (as I’ve been my whole life) is gonna hamper my ability to adapt to the usual American public school.

I’m also concerned by the fact that immigration ‘on time’ seems unlikely and a big IF. As I said before as long as I don’t do college in Mexico, I’m golden. So I wouldn’t really mind considering options like Canada or some parts of Europe.

My parents said they’d back me up with any decision I take so; what choices do I have? What could I do to prepare myself so I’m actually ready when I actually move? What programs that could suit my situation are out there? Should I take this six months off and see how it plays out? Maybe study for exams that would allow me to enroll in international studying programs? 

I’m just really confused and not at ease at all, so all help is appreciated.

Thanks!