Okay I just need to rant about my family rl quick. I love em and everything but sometimes they just make me so god damn stressed. So the first thing I want to get off my chest is something that my parents don't realise they're doing but pisses me off to a level that I can't fathom. It's like a really demeaning and stressed tone so I start getting scared and stressed because with me being the good, ambitious child I am, I'm frightened of being told off or disappointing my parents so to avoid that I try to avoid and run away from the situation which stresses them out even more and then we all end up getting really angry at each other and I'm the one, who has to apologise, and since I'm a ball of anxious, introverted fluff I can't even stand up for myself.

The second thing I need to get off my chest is whenever I'm sad or angry at something and I just don't feel like sharing it with them because ya know everyone has certain parts of their life they hide from their family they always say it's teenage angst and all teenagers get like this around this age. But it's not and I just simply wouldn't like to tell them about my private life because they definitely wouldn't like how I act around my friends so I don't like talking about them as much with my parents unless it's something more family friendly, sfw and Minecraft Christian Server safe. Also, sometimes when I'm not even sad or happy, just in the middle, they say I'm upset and moody and say I'm just a teenager going through teenage angst. Just this whole teenage angst thing gets on my nerves so much.

Third thing I'd like to share is that I've been losing weight but they're hardly being supportive (but yes I know they're trying their hardest but it just isn't working). I mean recently, they've been trying to order takeaway like twice a week and then I don't like telling people that I'm trying to lose weight because that'd just be bringing too much attention to me but then they go and tell everyone and it just embarrasses the hell out of me that I even need to lose weight in the first place. Also, if I start going on about nutrition or food they'll start acting like I'm trying to starve myself or they tell me not to be stupid and go get an eating disorder like yes thank you person who birthed me, I will definitely take the advice that I already knew and not randomly decide to suddenly one day get an eating disorder. 

&amp;#x200B;

Of course, I love my parents so much and I can act like myself around them so that's refreshing but certain things they do just upsets me and stresses me out so much. Like, these things they do are the reason I want to so desperately be independent and move out but again I do love them and I'll always put my family and friends first. Just had to get all this off my chest since it's been eating at me for weeks now.