My crush just told me she liked me... and I fucked up Ok some context: I’ve liked this girl for a while now, and I kinda knew she also liked me too, but I wasn’t 100% and tbh, I didn’t really have the balls to ask. 
So today me, her, and a couple of friends were screwing around in a call and my friends invited a person who I had seen from school but didn’t really know (and I hadn’t seen her in months cause of covid). So I felt really awkward and pretended I had technical problems to get out of it. About 30 minutes pass and she says that the person my friends invited left and she wanted me to join the call again. So I did and she said she felt really bad for making things awkward. And she started acting... distressed and proceeded to hang up. So I asked why, and she said she had something to tell me and then told me that she liked me. At that point my heart was pounding. Like I said I kinda knew she liked me but I wasn’t expecting it to happen today because nothing special happened. 
Now to my fuck up... I always think to what’ll happen in the future, and that kinda killed me today. I thought, “what’ll happen if I say I like her back? Will things get awkward between us? Will we stop talking? What if we break up?” I then proceeded to say that I was confused by her words and acted clueless. I was really at a lost for words. Something that I had dreamt of for the past few months happened and I froze. I couldn’t spit out that I liked her back cause I just had so many doubts. We talked for an hour or so about nonsense pretty much but I couldn’t stop shaking because I was so nervous. We just finished talking and decided to stop for the night and pick it up tomorrow. Now I feel horrible for sending her mixed signals and I don’t know how to fix what I did. If y’all have any tips I’d be happy to try them out.
Also sorry if there’s a bunch of formatting mistakes Im on mobile so don’t make fun of me. 
P.S.: I know a lot of you are gonna me quick to call me a pussy for not being able to confess my feelings but I’m pretty close friends with her and I didn’t want to ruin that. I hope y’all will understand.