How should i feel about this?/ vent Hi everyone.

I hope this isnt bad for this subreddit , but i figured since im a teenager and im a bit anxious about this , it could be here.

Im 17, i went to my friends house (he is 18) with our friend that is a girl (she is 17 too i think).

We went drinking , had a strong Slovakian alcohol , it was a 62 percent one. We had a couple of shots and the girl started to get closer to both of us than usual. She has a boyfriend btw. My 18 yo buddy wasnt as drunk as me as the girl were , so he kept a cool head during most of the time we were at his house. Since she was getting closer and touching things she normaly wouldnt, i kissed her. She asked what i did , i just said i dont know , we both just smiled and continued. She was going after my friend too , she said that it was bcs she didnt want him to feel alone, bcs we were obiously going after each other. She said she wants a threesome , she wanted my friend to go to the toilet with her and undress her etc etc. When she was with me , we started kissing and it slowly turned to her being almost half naked and my finger in her.

After that me and my friend decided we should go home. Me and the girl went back to the city , and before we went on the bus , we kissed more and she said that she really wants to fuck me and that i cant even imagine how she wants me. I told her if she says the same while completely sober , we can talk about it. This went on in the bus station , she rolled her eyes ahegao style everytime i touched her thighs. Once we were sober , her mother called so she was a bit off the mood. We talked about whats gonna go down with us from now on , i asked her if she wants to be my girlfriend , she said yes, we had a couple more kisses , then i accompanied her to where her father was waiting. We hugged she told me she will msg me and i went home. I lent her my hoodie , she was really amazed how it smelled and i kinda forgot she had it. When i got home , i msg her and she was cofused as to how and what happened. So i told her to let me know how she feels and i wont be mad even if she says that she doesnt want to be with me. She said she is confused as to what she wants etc. She said that she meant all the things she said etc.

I couldnt sleep the whole night, idk why , and we didnt talk today at all. She msged me in the evening to talk about the day we drank and she said that , she is sorry and she really really likes me and doesnt want to lose me and that she hopes that this wont affect our friendship in some way and that i she is not into me as i may think and she doesnt think that im into her and that the alcohol played a part. She asked if we are okay or can ever be okay with each other.

I told her im not mad and that i share the same opinion, that alcohol played a big part.

Its a long one sorry , skipped some parts , but i wanted to vent it out and what you ppl think about this story.