I’m very pissed so I’m gonna rant about it on reddit cause apparently that’s what I do now You don’t need to read this, this is just venting my frustrations about shit atm somewhere, I won’t be looking at any comments. I don’t need some “you’re wrong”’s or “hope your dog dies”’s or “why did you post this on the internet”’s. I honestly don’t give a fuck about what any of you think. If you don’t like that then fuck off and if you don’t mind it then might as well fuck off anyway, there’s literally no point in you reading this
My dog is gonna get drugged by my parents
Yeah well for background my dog is is very good orientated and very protective over his food, that being said, he doesn’t bite anyone. Well, most people. 

You see my sister doesn’t treat him very well, she sprays him with a bottle of water to get him to stop doing things when he could easily just be told off and he would stop, or if she physically can’t fucking do that she could ask for me, but no she decides to punish him. That among yelling at him. And then she goes whining to my parents whenever he doesn’t wanna spend time with her and spends more time with me. Like wtf he’s not only my dog but you punish him when it isn’t needed, that’s just plain stupid. 

I’ve told her this but she won’t listen. Anyway as I mentioned before he is very protective over his food, he was sitting on a couch which was far from all of the action of the house. He always does this whenever I have food there. I always give him leftovers so he waits. 

Anyway my sister knows that he dislikes her, she knows that he is protective over his food and she knows that she always smells like cats, which he doesn’t like. So you’d think she wouldn’t walk past there constantly, when she could so easily go other places just as fast, but no, apparently the best idea is to walk past that particular place when we I have food and he’s there. 

So he’s either gonna think a cat or the person who mistreats him is going to take his food cause that’s how a dog brain works, so obviously 10% of the time he’ll snap. Not make any contact with her skin, more like a warning snap. Anyway she gets all upset and goes crying to my parents who lock him outside even though 

I’ve told her not to walk past him countless times. This time she did it and it was different, she walked past and he made contacts, idk if it was by accident or not but he bite her more or less. It was a small wound but a little bit deep, not much to worry about in the end of things. 

Anyway my parents were super mad and now he’s gonna get “drugged” so he’ll be more docile whatever the fuck they mean by that. Idk how bad the effects on him will be but if it’s anything more than him being super sleepy half the time then I will not be ok with it. 

He shouldn’t be completely taken out of control of his sleeping patterns or personality traits for the rest of his life just because my sister mistreats him and is too stupid to take an easier path to things which has a plus of no chance of getting snapped at. 

I find this fucking ridiculous and it’s all cause my parents favour her. If what I said or worse happens shit won’t be the same with my parents again I can promise anyone that much. Like they fuck with me a shit ton but my dog? That’s far enough.