Reviewing random things every day until I get a boyfriend: Day 20 Day 20:

So today I’m reviewing a quote from Macbeth coz I need to practice explaining it would be good practice to explain it whilst also having to keep in mind that people don’t necessarily understand my thought process...

So the quote is “a dagger of the mind”. This quote shows how Macbeth is questioning his sanity as he is hallucinating a dagger in front of him before he goes to kill Duncan. The dagger in the metaphor is supposed to symbolise Macbeth’s decision to kill Duncan, whilst also having a double meaning. (Do u see why I chose this quote..? XD). The first meaning is that this dagger he is hallucinating is a “dagger” made by his mind, and since we know the dagger symbolises his decision to kill Duncan, we can see that he is starting to doubt his choice as he is awake that the dagger was made by him, meaning that choice of whether Duncan should be killed or not is all his choices made by his own thoughts. This makes him feel guilty as even though he knows it’s bad (thus a dagger and not a flower or whatever) his ambition and desire to be king still takes control over him and he still plans to kill Duncan. The second meaning is that the dagger is literally hurting his mind. Daggers are very dangerous and when one is stabbed with one, they are likely to receive a scar, much like  Macbeth’s decision will leave a scar on his life, no matter what he chooses. If he chooses to NOT kill Duncan, he will regret that choice for the rest of his life as being king of Scotland is his deepest desires, but if he chooses to kill Duncan anyways, he will regret that decision too as the guilt and shame will never leave him (which we know is what’s going to end up happening).

That was a little boring and probably very confusing to some of u, but I tried my best and *hopefully* it makes sense...

Im giving this quote a 10/10 coz it’s probs my favourite quote coz it’s easy to remember and easy to annotate XD

Anyways I hope you have a lovely day guys &lt;3