I graduated early and my depression is gone!! Ever since I was a little boy, I've dealt with an addiction to electronic entertainment which has crippled my school performance and social life. I was already stressed out in middle school due to having to manage myself and my school-issued Chromebook in class, but when I entered, High School, nothing could have prepared me for the mental hell I was about to face. My ninth grade year was the worst year of my life, both at school and in general. I developed severe self-esteem issues and major self-loathing for being unable to do anything to change, despite my knowledge of how to do so.

This did not get better as I entered my senior year last August. I thought I was gonna have to take another semester just to finish and get my diploma, but then disaster struck, and all my plans went down the drain. My Chromebook privileges were revoked, and I was placed into the CNC. What is the CNC? I don't recall what exactly it stands for, but it is essentially a small computer lab on the second floor where a supervisor watches you as you complete your required courses online. For me, this was the end of the line. It was either this, another semester, or expulsion. I had no choice. I knew what I had to do.

Shockingly, I not only did the work, but I did it well and at a very quick pace. I was able to complete around 2 units every day, with each credit being around 15 units long with a final exam at the end. Between not having any more homework, the ability to finish early, and quiet supervision, I finally found the perfect environment to work in. I had originally estimated that I'd be able to finish all my credits by mid-April, but as the weeks rolled by, I surprised myself more and more with what I was able to accomplish.

Finally, on March 22nd 2021, I turned in my final final and acquired my final high school credit. No longer will I have to show up to school and deal with its bullshit. After graduation ceremony in june, I will become a full-time adult, finally free to do whatever the hell I want.

Never give up, boys. Survive. Persevere. All problems are temporary. Eventually, you will see the light at the end of the tunnel  
&lt;3