Unpopular opinion: 'Cuties' isn't bad. Before all of you downvote me and call me a pedophile and crap; I get it. The trailer WAS distastefully made. The poster that they chose to put up was horrible. 

But honestly, think for a second here. When I saw that trailer first, it shocked me. 

Then gave a feeling of uncomfortable nostalgia. I think a lot of girls who were brought up in the internet age could relate. The constant exposure to over sexualization on the internet, the feeling of wanting to be 'all grown up', and then you would make, I dunno... shitty music.lys because you wanted to be seen as cool and beautiful. And even if you don't act on it, doesn't mean you haven't been affected by the exposure.

The director talks about it being the inspiration behind this film. The reality; new age of constant unfiltered stimuli that can sometimes be in direct conflict (and rightfully so) with the people who brought us up. 

How does it translate into real life?

The answer is uncomfortable: you get a whole lot of insecure young girls who become prime prey to the world. Desperately wanting to fit with their peers. To be seen as something above even. So 12 year olds, 11 year olds end up with 17, 18 15, year old boys and get threatened with the classic 'I wont be your friend anymore' when they are touched up. That's how my cousin ended up. My friends. Me. Dress up a little more, be a bit more cool and sexy and older like my favourite insta girls. Proceed to cry and wonder if I tell my parents I was touched that I'm disgusting.

In towns where people didn't have access to a wise opinion, and even if, lets say, a school provided schooling about it and counsellors and everything: the students for the most part wouldn't respect that opinion because they had already become convinced that the opinion of parental authority is less than the shiny women they see on their phones. The older boys would have groomed so many girls into thinking having an older boyfriend is mature.

I'm not saying that this show isn't sexualising these children at all. They definitely are. Its disgusting and uncomfortable. But that's life. Thats what young girls all around the world are beginning to act like. They dont know better, I certainly didn't know better. Who, what child knows that acting ' cool' would make them a target for pedophiles?

But the context of the narrative is important. We haven't seen that narrative yet. It's like hating on the movie Lolita. That girl too was sexualised in the film but under a context of a narrative that is incredibly uncomfortable and incredibly important (pedophilia, or hebephilia) 

For girls like me and my fellow victims of sexual abuse, this is the reality that people need to see. 

The uncomfortable, gross, hidden corners of society that girls live in day to day.

Side note: Again the poster and trailer were the fucked mistake of Netflix, not the director.