About 3 hours ago I was told that my dad is going to prison at the beginning of December or soon after I'm a 16yo male, and it's been a really weird weekend. Me and my dad went to a family friends house and bonded really well over the weekend. We've had a good and steadily getting better relationship with each other for close to a year now, since he's never been really able to show he cares even when he does which made it hard to bond

The severity really kicked in all at once about an hour ago and I had a pretty bad mental breakdown of sorts. Still kind of am.

Ever since my sibling moved out a bit more than a year ago it's just been me and my dad. My mom used to be very heavily addicted to drugs so she left when I was about 5ish. And like I said me and dad have really only been chill with eachother for about a year now since he's not great at expressing his feeling for himself or others. He doesn't know I know this and I only found out because my sibling told me once my mom told them.

In all of my life, I've never been scared about something long term or of the sorts. Worried and/or felt sad about? Absolutely. For anyone reading this much, I'm scared. Well honestly I'm horrified, confused, and grieving

I'm horrified and confused because the only thing I know is that his court date is the first of December, and he's almost deffinetly going to jail either that day or very soon after. And as well as why he is in trouble that's all I know. He's not going to be able to pay for the house, so I have to pack everything of mine and move it to one of 3 places. My grandparents which I definitely will not do for certain reasons although they are good people and I love them, move to PA with my mom, gmom, and sibling. Or for an unknown amount of time, move in with a very close family friend who lives in the same town. 

I don't know what I'm going to do yet but I'm so scared of everything right now. I've never had to move in my life. What am I taking? Where am I going to go to?

But my biggest fear of all right now, is what's going to happen to my animals? I love my animals with all of my heart. I have 4 cats and 1 dog. No matter where I go, I can take my dog, so that's better than nothing. But my cats, I keep starting to cry every time I think about them, because right now from what I can tell, there's nowhere I can take them, no matter which of the 3 places I choose. These 4 cats are my friends, my siblings. The oldest one before Sasha died is 13, and I personally picked her out from the litter, she's been with me almost my whole life, I can't just leave and never see her again, and all of my others we've had for at the least 2 years and up to 6. I mean fuck, these animals, which I consider family, are even MORE important than most of my actual family, and I'm fucking crying, cause I can't just leave them somewhere, I don't know anyone who could take them and I need it to be someone we know or trust. 

I don't know if it's a bad, good, or just neutral. But the idea alone, of losing 3 or even all 4 of my cats is honestly my biggest problem right now.

I know that this is alot. I'm sorry for that. If you've read all this or most of it or whatever, thank you so much for just spending time doing it. This is partially a rant for me because I'm so frantic right now, but if you have any advice for any of this it would mean so much to me.