Am I a bad person? i ruined my relationship with my best friend zoey. we were literally BEST friends. we hung out pretty much every day. we talked about deep stuff and things that you wouldn’t tell just anyone. she ended up telling me about some shit going on in her life, and she deserves better

she said that she can’t sleep at night. she feels like her life isn’t going anywhere. she doesn’t care if she is happy or not, she just feels numb. she constantly told me how mentally exhausted she was, and how she wish she could just catch her breath. 

her parents are both alcoholics and they don’t make that much money, and were emotionally abusive. they had high expectations for her grades, but she had no motivation to work, and even though she felt like she was trying really hard, she still made Bs and Cs

we were really close, so she let me in on really personal stuff, like doing weed, overdosing on melatonin and birth control for no reason! (btw no hate on people that do weed, but she’s literally 14, and her family has a history of addiction.. like i just don’t understand what’s going through her head lmao)

she was convinced that ALL teenagers felt as empty as her, and that ‘being a burden’ was normal! a couple of times, she cried to me while just talking about things like breakups and stuff that got her down, but it lasted a long time. she cried over this boy for longer than the relationship lasted! 

i just couldn’t take it anymore. i loved her too much to let herself convince herself that she deserves to feel constant pain. I tried talking with her about solutions. I said the only think i could think of which was talking to a school guidance counselor. i know there’s a stigma about guidance counselors, but at the end of the day, they are professionally trained to deal with this exact situation! 

of course i would never talk about her behind her back, or force her to talk to them, but i offered to write an email to them, myself, and not mention her name, to see what first steps we could make, so we did, and i let her read over the email and take out any parts that she didn’t want to share, (like the weed thing lol)

she felt really good about it, she told me. she understood that it can’t hurt to reach out to someone... so the next day, the guidance counselors literally pulled me out of class and sat me down to talk about her, without her. i was fine with it at first, because this was what she wanted! she didn’t want to talk to them herself because it’s scary to ask for help, and i understood that!

the guidance counselors talked to me about a lot of stuff and it went well, in my opinion. they said i did the right thing, and that i was being a good friend to her, but i shouldn’t let myself get caught up in her personal life. they said this was not my job to speak for her, and i kinda agreed. 

at one point, they brought up something about talking to her parents, and i said that i didn’t think that would be a good idea, and they SAID that they get it. 

they ended up asking for her name... and i made the mistake of giving it to them. i know i told zoey that i wouldn’t, but they sounded like they were gonna help her! i ended up doing it, because in my mind, they probably know better than me, and if they want her name, it’s probably for a good reason!

apparently, they used her name to look in the student contact files and immediately called her parents and told them all about zoey and her personal shit. they even said that they had grounds to TAKE HER AWAY FROM HER PARENTS (at least zoey TOLD me they said that)

Of course i don’t condone anyone being taken away from their family, but she got really angry at me and blamed me for all the commotion and said that her parents were really mad at her for saying all that personal stuff about her home life. they told her that “she’s just doing this for attention, and she needs to stop”

so i told her that i thought her parents were assholes (because they are) and that my intention was never for them to call. i agree, i should’ve checked with zoey before giving her name to the counselors, but in the moment, it seemed like the right thing to do

after this was all over, it seemed like things had calmed down again. she said that she’s sorry for overreacting, she that she still loves me, and we were all good again. i apologized and genuinely told her that i never meant for any of this to happen. i just wanted her to be happy 

about a week later, it came up again. she said something about it and we got into a VERY heated argument. she was angry that i “self-diagnosed her” (even though she literally showed every. symptom.) and that i ruined her life. 

so i told her that it’s obvious that i never meant for it to happen. i never said anything without your permission except for your name, and in the moment i thought it was the right thing to do, and that i’m sorry. 

she just kept yelling at me, about how i was the reason that she COULDve gotten taken from her parents. so i replied (and this is where it gets nasty) “i don’t believe that they said that. it doesn’t make any sense. sure, they literally suck at being parents, but they doesn’t mean that you should get taken away! and if they DID say that, then they probably said it for a fucking reason.”

That’s when she said “don’t ever talk to me again” and blocked me. we haven’t spoken since

I was angry and in the moment i said things i DEFINITELY didn’t mean. I just wished that the guidance counselors never called her stupid parents, and we could’ve just worked this out in our own. I told them not to talk to their parents. i told them that she didn’t want to share her name, but they asked for it anyways, and they called anyways, and now everything’s a mess.

i just wanted her to be fucking happy, but i guess i should’ve just left her alone. i just don’t think anyone deserves to feel like a ‘burden’ or that life is pointless. it’s not fair to her, and she deserves better. 

i’m ok if she never wants to talk to me again. i get it. i just wish she could see through all the fog and realize that my intention was never for any of this to happen, and that i just wanted her to be happy. 

am i a terrible person? 
what should i have done instead? 
how do you help someone in this situation?