My mom is seriously becoming a bitch. Today, at like 6 AM in the morning, mom woke us up for school. Ofcourse I was pissed, I hate my currebt school and I hate going out. I'm a big introvert, being around people really drains my energy. There's also COVID. That exists. 10 cases or more at my school and at my own classroom yet we're still going. I started protesting a bit, saying like "There's 10 cases in the school," and "I hate going to that school anyways, let me go online." Oh yeah, at my school there's red and blue. I'm blue so I go to school most of the days while when red goes I can go online. There's also people staying online so it's possible to just stay on line. And seriously, I HATE my current school. It's an American system school and it's paradise for the ones who are loud and such. Ah yes, bullies exist. Like half the class doesn't like me for who I am and half of them made it clear. One I made admit that she used to bully me and still called me an outcast. I also almost had my money stolen if I didn't fight back! Almost sent to the headmaster because to the teacher's pet, I wasn't doing any work. It was french class, I was special french so I didn't do much french and we're forced to learn it. Oh, and two old bullies purposely tripped one of my first friends off the stairs, almost making her completely fall off the stairs and thank god she didn't. There's other shit like how my "friend" told the headmasters I was apart of the LGBTQ+ community. I live in UAE and im
I'm from Iraq. You can easily guess the issue here. Anyways back to the argument that happened an hour and a half ago, I protested a bit then my mom went off subject and said, "And I'm not moving you to that school, you're just chasing friends and have a horrible attitude." ...Now let me tell you about the new school I desperately want to attend. A British curriculum school, less money, amazing, cares about creativity (Important for me since I'm into art and ofcourse my mom doesn't know I don't want her to move me to a worse school) a n d, one of my last friend who was attending that school is there. That friend is great, she's been with me through everything. She's also just as shy as me and guess what? She gained c o n f i d e n c e there. She presented a speech there infront of everyone. She couldn't handle that back then. She even quoted, "You can't even have the chance to breath if you're in (the bad school I'm currently in)" AND THOSE ARE TRUE WORDS! My mom once said that she'd move me out, saying I wouldn't survive in the SATS or whatever they are. I cant even survive normal exams from my anxiety and there's actual proof for that. A lot of people told my mom the new school I want to attend that it's perfect for me. I begged her almost everyday for it. Now the "...have a horrible attitude." part. Sure, I can be a bitch sometimes but that's to my sisters because they're bitches just like my mom. Mom has said it a bunch of times when she was in a good mood that I was the most politest girl, my friends agree that I'm nice, adults like me because I'm polite and nice to talk to. So there's that. And chasing friends.. I barely have any friends anymore. She WANTS me to be more optimistic and loud and go out often. My tutor have even said I work better with friends. After that argument I told her I don't want to go to school today, not when I'm on the verge of a breakdown. So now I'm on the couch, waiting for my online class to start. Yaaayy..