Very LonelyHey everyone. I'm not sure why I'm writing this. I guess I just wanted to reach out to someone since I don't actually have anyone.

I'm a 26 year old gay male who feels extraordinarily lonely. For some reason, making friends is extremely difficult for me. And I know the perpetual mental state I'm in now only harms my chances. But I feel like I make genuine efforts to engage with people, where in kind it feels like people make genuine efforts to disengage me. Being best friends with myself has become really stale and I've ran out of ways to distract my thoughts. I understand some people enjoy their own company, but I particularly prefer to be social.

I'm not sure what I'm doing wrong. I don't actually go through my day trying to read human relationships with a perfect blueprint, but I can't help but wonder why my coworkers won't even invite me to golf or game night, for example. I'm amazingly well at keeping thoughts like these private (and I often don't have a choice) so I feel like I'm just like any other chill dude ready to have a good time. I don't feel like I'm desperate or overwhelming people by asking for more out of them than they can give.

I reach out to people.. ask them to see a movie.. go for a hike.. but it never happens. Why doesn't a person ever reach out to me for a movie? Man, I am really trying to imagine how another person feels when someone thinks of them to be their choice of fun. I really hope no one takes that for granted. Anyways, I'm really starting to ramble, and I guess my point is that I feel like I've been as sincere and patient as possible, and don't really understand what else to do.

I am in serious emotional pain lately, particularly knowing I have no one to lean on when feeling this way, so it's just an impossible feedback loop. I think often of suicide, because my life just feels like I'm drifting without any purpose or reason to go through the next day. My job is ridiculously stressful and I have no real way to relieve that stress. And now I'm becoming a cynical person who doesn't really feel interested in trying to make things work anymore. And because of this I become more lonely because the forced social contact I created by talking to people, now withdrawn, has literally left me chronically untouched for the past month.

Thanks for reading.. sorry for the negative energy.