My gf has BPD and has been talking seriously about suicide. I love her, am scared, and wrote this tonight hoping it might give her strength. Maybe it can help someone here too.**Wishing It Wasn't Too Late**

i don't really believe in angels any more  
they fell down from heaven, and wound up on my floor  
they're stuck with me in the corner, with this pain that's inside  
but there's nowhere to run to and there's nowhere to hide.

i don't have the strength, I can't fight the war  
i don't really know what to feel anymore  
wish I could just die, it would all go away  
the sadness, the failure, the pain of today.

i look in the mirror, to make sure I'm still here  
then i shatter the glass, so i'll just disappear  
the world will live on, and smile once again  
when I've freed everyone from the weight of my pain.

i told you to leave me, cause i'm sure that you will  
tears on my cheek as i swallow this pill  
bitter it tastes, but today it all ends  
i don't have a hope, cause I can't trust my friends.

you say that you love me, but I don't really feel it  
you hold me and comfort me, yet i still won't believe it  
i spread photos around me, and it's just like you're here  
but i've forgotten your love, and i'm left with the fear.

that you'll leave me tomorrow, when your sun comes back up  
so i chase you away, and i empty my cup  
i drink till i'm numb, but it won't go away  
this heartache, and the depth of my moral decay.

you poured in an ocean, but it just leaked right out  
a world full of water couldn't counter the drought.  
my soul is so empty, it'll never be full  
and the darkness inside will always push when i pull.

i'm sorry that i couldn't be good enough for you  
and i'm sorry that i couldn't pull myself through  
my eyes are so heavy, and my wings are weighed down  
but your life will be better when i'm not around.

as i take my last breath, it doesn't feel free  
this isn't at all what i thought it would be  
for me, this is over…but for you it's begun  
and now my race is the one that you'll run...

...a year has gone by, as i look down on you  
the angels are here, oh god what did i do?  
the scars on your arms, and the hole in your heart  
how could i know that my ending would become your start?

i wish i could take back this thing that i've done  
i wish i could sit there with you in the sun  
but you're stuck one one side and i'm stuck on the other  
and we'll never again get to be there together.

that pain that i felt then was much better than this  
can't feel your embrace, and i long for your kiss  
i scream out your name, but you can't hear a thing  
and your music is dead, i can't hear you sing.

you carry around all the pain that i had  
it's not just you, it's my mom and my dad  
and people i thought had abandoned me then  
but it's me, i'm the one who did this to them.

i should have tried harder, could have kept up the fight  
i know it was hard, but this just isn't right  
ran away from my pain, now it drives me insane  
that i let myself die and get swept down the drain.

i'd take it all back if i knew that i could  
looking back on it now, i know i definitely would  
the dreams where i died, were the best that i'd had  
but i was wrong to think that you wouldn't be sad.

i miss you, i love you, please stop hurting yourself  
i cry when i see what you've done to your health  
when i blew out my flame, i didn't know it was yours  
i locked all your locks when i slammed closed my doors.

i miss all my friends, and see pain that won't end  
all i left them were questions, and hearts that won't mend  
stop blaming yourselves, what i did was so wrong  
and i wish that i could rewrite this entire song.

it would go something like "i love you and i'll try to get better  
i'll turn the sunshine on my dark, stormy weather  
i'll stand up and fight hard and i'll fight till i've won  
cause the ending i wrote didn't help anyone.

i see now that i was much stronger than i ever imagined  
and you're living in the hell that i pretty much fashioned  
i realize the problems i had back on the ground  
were small compared to the hell that i've found.

i promise i'll try, it still may not work out  
but i'll confront the devil and i'll chase him right out  
life is so special, and i'm glad i have you  
and together i know that we're going to pull through."