I can't deal with this. (tl;dr)I made a post earlier that I deleted because it didn't really describe how I feel. I'm at work right now, in my break room, alone, thinking about everything in life I regret.

It has never come to the point where I legitimately could not remember being happy. I could always remember the feeling no matter how down I was, but alas it is not even in sight.

Let me start off by saying I was raped when I was younger. I blamed myself and I still do. It was a very long road to an acceptence I never came to. I was sexually assaulted until I was 12 by two other people in my life, one of which I thought was a friend. I did and still do blame myself and I realize something was taken from me that I will never get back. 

I found out I was transgender around this time as well. I didn't think I was differemt until my family decided I was going to hell and told me this when I was almost 13. I became scared after this because I didn't 
understand.

I fell in love with someone when I was 14 and stayed with this person even though they physically abused me. I was with them until I was 18 and a good friend of mine told me that it wasn't my fault. That I shouldn't be there.

He helped me through a lot. My depression, being homeless and much more. It wasn't until two years later that I managed to fuck up my entire relationship with him. I had gotten two jobs and clung to them like they were my saving grace. I managed to give up one ofthem for this person, but the distence and my seemingly uncaring attitude messed that up.

He broke up with me close to two weeks ago and I furthered our distence even more with how I acted. I tried to kill myself last night and it left me when pains in my side and a hangover.

I don't know what to do anymore because i can't handle living in a world like this. I can't comprehend why people act the way they do and how I manage to fuck evrything up so bad.

I guess I'm writting this to say I can't deal with it anymore and that I'm done.
