There's no fixing me.I think this is me asking for help.

I'm in a house with five other people.  I just moved in; am sharing a bedroom (and a bed) with someone who has made it very clear they at best tolerate me (their response to my palpable anxiety over moving in and wanting to be a good roommate was essentially to shame me for having anxiety and call me annoying).

Before this I was in an extremely cramped 2br; in the wake of covid my roommate basically stayed in her room all day so we didn't interact much.  This meant a lot of time alone with my thoughts, attempting to journal them out or talk about them in therapy.  The thinking behind moving into a group space was that, being around likeminded people (everyone here is either politically focused or tech/music-adept), I would find positive encouragement and safe people to be around.  Instead I'm trying not to break down in front of them on the daily.

I've always been guarded but I used to have close friends and partners; they were the ones who got to see what a wreck I was.  Over time we've grown apart or I've alienated them, and with the few I have left covid has stretched everyone's resources enough that it's generally all they can do to keep their own mental health stable.  I don't begrudge them that; I've been trying to work out my shit by myself and, maybe, reach out when I'm more stable and easier to be around.  Which does not appear to be working.

I've been throwing myself into projects for the sake of career and personal fulfillment - music, computer science, game dev - but it's getting harder to outrun the dark thoughts.  I'm an idiot who blathers on endlessly and isn't worth listening to; I'm a shitty person who lashes out at others; no one actually wants me around; most who know me will not care that I am gone, and the ones who are close to me will be better off.  And so on.  I've tried to resist these thoughts and they will not stop.

I want to be dead.  I want to not exist.  I don't want to think or feel anything anymore.  If there's a hell I probably deserve to go there but I really hope there's nothing on the other side of this.