"Are you okay?" Is the hardest question.This is going to be a very long one.
I'm writing this because I am at my lowest, and maybe someday in the future when I read this, and feel different, I will realize it has gotten better. 

I think that my empathy is the only reason I'm still here. 
My cat doesnt have anyone to take care of him, and I have family that I love and who love me. I do have people who would be devastated if I died, so I would never off myself.. but man.. only existing for other people is truly exhausting.

I reached out, I'm "getting help". 
It has been, and is a long road of telling my life story and troubles to strangers, over and over again.. 

Being an adult, 28 years old.. there's bills to pay, appearances to keep up and etc.. but man if you struggle to even eat, take medicine as scheduled.  It becomes hell.. or as I would describe it, live in limbo.. Answering the phone, opening the mailbox, small tasks.. when did it all become too scary to do? 
The "it gets better", "you'll pull through it" etc. and all the self insight I possess falls on deaf ears.
When someone asks "how are you?", I feel the brave face I put on disintegrate, and a need to flee appear.
I might be happy sometimes, but honestly I have know, what does it even feel like? 

My dreams are my refuge, but also a prison.. it passes time, and my dreams are always lucid, I ignore the world outside, even though I know it isnt healthy for me. 

So many people with advice to get better, but too drained of energy to follow any, and a voice in the back of my head whispering "why bother?". If you dont remember what happy feels like, its hard to look forward to it. 

I would love to work with children, try to prevent as many children as I can to go through what I have gone through. 
I got into my dream study, but due to depression i had to drop out. I found out at 26 that I have ADHD, which provided me with some answers to some of my struggles.. 
 *Cue traumatic childhood story*
Mentally and physically abusive mother, who always told me I would never amount to anything, and my achievements were never enough.. sick and absent father, though today he is one the few closest people I have. I was called dumb and lazy even by my teachers, even though I wasnt a troublemaker, I was just troubled, with unnoticed mental illness.. unnoticed and invisible was the norm for me. Even at home, since I am the middle child of 5, with a special attention needing sibling. I had drawing and video games to escape with, but with 4 siblings, while being a drunk mothers scapegoat, finding time for that escape was always hard. 
My oldest sister is like my mother, sister and my best friend, and I'm so very lucky to have her. But of course, her life, as well those of the other people who care about me, cant go on pause just because mine did. 

Loneliness is crippling, and company is draining..
I solely get out of bed if my cat won't let me sleep and needs care. If someone is worried about me I resurface just long enough for them to know I'm still alive. 

One time a therapist asked me when the last time I was happy was.. in my struggle to remember.. I realized I couldn't even recall or explain the feeling .. "happy"..

My goal is a long term goal.. I think it will be a lifelong war with my brain.
I want to get to a place where I want to get better.. where I can put to words what "better" even means to me. 

I am at my lowest, though in my experience it can always get worse, and it usually does. 

Letting this out, letting myself admit that I dont want to live, let me cry, im sad, and these days, any feeling other than numb is welcome.


Hold onto feelings, write down things that made you smile, blowing just a little extra air out of your nose.. hell, even sadness is a respite from numbness.