Will it ever be actually ok?!I (21 F) have been suffering from depression since forever. It is so fucked up to the extent where I used to have anger issues and commit self-h**m when I was as young as 5 years old. I am so exhausted. It is sometimes so funny how these feelings never fade away nor soften with time. They just exist in a constant linear intensity, or they get worse, but never less. I have tried therapy and meds and I went to 7 different doctors over the past couple of years. It is not what they do or say. It is the feeling from within that keeps telling me why even bother get better. I feel like a burden all the time. I am also a medical student which increases my anxiety and depression x10. It just makes me so mad that everything in my life is actually good, yet I am stuck here everyday trying to find a way to k*ll myself because I believe I am such a waste of oxygen. My life hasn’t been easy and it is still not. I struggle everyday. When I joined med school I was thriving I was happy I was doing amazing and my GPA was literally almost 100%. But then I was diagnosed with depression and immediately was prescribed meds as my depression has a huge genetic factor into it (which is true but also the doctors are kinda fucked up they sometimes just wanna get rid of you by giving you the easiest way out). After few sessions, digging deep into my childhood, realising how fucked up things were, and how I was just stuck in this place (depression) and I always just thought it was “I am just a lazy person” “I want attention” etc. I remember how I used to suddenly burst into tears in high school and never actually realised what was happening. This fucked me up so badly. I was a dead body walking around doing nothing but stare at the emptiness around me, doubting everyone and everything, thinking of one thing only, how to kill myself, how to make it stop. My GPA dropped so badly, and so did my self worth. The only thing I am living for is now the only thing I am most afraid of. These numbers are terrifying. They make me feel so worthless and stupid and shitty and every time I look at them the only thing I hear is them talking to me, telling me how I will never get better, how I am just so stupid and shouldn’t be here, how the only thing I actually deserve is to die. And it doesn’t stop. I am tired. I am so exhausted that I can’t even sleep sometimes because this voice inside my head is just so loud and boisterous. And I stay awake, everyday, till 7 am in my bed under my 100 blankets buried. I stay awake thinking, how I am gonna do it. How I worthless and disgusting and stupid and ugly I am. And then I sleep, and I have nightmares that don’t make any sense but they are so real and terrifying and I wake up, because my face feels wet, and when I look into the mirror, my eyes are so swollen and they burn, and I realise that even when I am asleep, I am still in so much pain. And sometimes I just wish someone hugs me and tell me the opposite but even the most loving tightest hugs feel just as cold as walking naked in a windy day. And it never stops. My head is so loud and full of so many thoughts at once that sometimes I feel like I was running for miles and miles but I was just sitting here, doing nothing. The thing that kept me going is now the thing I am running away from, if I am not doing well in school, I am not doing well anyways then. And I blame myself for feeling depressed. I blame myself for not having the energy to do more. I blame myself for not doing more.