Six months later.Saw the community and wanted to make an account for it. First time on Reddit- but I thought it was a good idea to let this all off my chest. We'll see if the ale beats me to it tonight.

For context. I was dateless in Highschool. Graduated 2017. Now being 21 and my final semester of Trade school. I guess you can say I am proud of that. A lot happened between the two.  
- I reconnected with old gaming/texting buddies from Middle school / early Highschool. 
- I instantly fell in love with this girl who I thought was amazing. We would laugh at everything together. She reciprocated feelings. We started a relationship. 
- Blah blah lovey dovey. She was a state away. OP should try his best to make it all work. I enjoyed every minute I could get with her and my friend group. A good year later. (I know.. a long time right?) It slowly fell apart. She started hanging out with a friend who had a crush on her a 'long time ago'. Yeah. That's cool. But- she spent most of her days with him. Leaving me out there. 
I got terribly jealous (is that o.k.?) I guess I didn't express my feelings enough. But needless to say we took a break. Easy enough. Well , a week later she wanted to meet up like we initially planned. Sure. Anything to fix what we have.
I drive to her state. Half a day. Easy. 

4 hours into settling down at her place. She breaks up with me. Hahah. What? Speechless- away from home. Unaware of the city around me. What could I do? I picked a corner and sobbed away. She couldn't even face me. Until I could leave. Heart broken and Confused. I drive home. Friends and Family pick up on my depressive state. Work was hard. But I pushed through. 

I began to fail my classes. Caused me to pull a massive loan to retake em'

I'm exhausted, poor, drinking every night- hell I got a can in the hand... I'm wanting to leave all of this behind. This small town. This depressive state of being alone. 

Yes. I tried to re-date. Cute. Funny girl. She was being paid to be some neckbeards girlfriend. And chose to stay with him- money pays. I am stunned. I've been keeping my Handgun close to my head. The smallest of inconvenience kills me. Hell it's taken a major toll on my friends. I am not the happy Senior who would do anything. I work school drink sleep repeat. It never ends. And have been left behind to a dark, dank, cold room

This may be small and I can't really express everything in my head correctly? Thanks alcohol? Maybe it isn't.. I just don't know. 

Suggestions are welcome.