My ex wont stop talking about how abusive I was. It's all a lieMost recently he mentioned having a codeword he used with a friend for when I was being "dangerous" (ie, whenever I was upset that he was physically hurting, viciously insulting, or silent-treatment-ing *me,* and this escalated into an argument about whether he had the right to do X Y or Z to me or whether I had any place to be upset about it, or when I had to smack his hands away when he was pinching and stabbing his fingers into my skin, this was "violent and dangerous abuse" from me that he had to "escape with his life"). He'd text this friend and they would meet him as soon as he could get away from me so he could tell them about the abuse-- except, he'd tell it from *my freaking side.* None of his friends ever wanted to hear a word I said, of course, including the one who came with him to get his things to physically intimidate me, had my ex lie to me that he'd come in alone and then the friend threatened me with the cops if i didn't let them in too; because by the time I realized how many people physically near us that he'd gotten in on his story, he'd had *months* with them. When I asked him a few months ago to stop posting online about it or about me he simply challenged me to make a post correcting him, knowing that I already had to delete all my social medias to keep the people who hated me, laughed at me, some who even wanted me dead, from telling me so, or having any more "ammunition" (anything I posted that they found *cringey).* 

He doesn't live with me anymore and I'm homeless in eight days. I've been homeless before but this time I'm giving up *everything,* even my pets, which I didn't have to lose last time. And I cannot go through that. I cannot say goodbye to them. I've told everyone I know that I plan to kill myself before this happens and they really don't seem too concerned. One person, my grandma, is trying to talk me into going to a residential treatment program for some extended time. She comes and picks me up once a week to help me run errands with her car. I think she's the only person who actually really knows I might be serious *and* gives half a rats ass. But she's still extremely... pushy about her own views and whatnot, and what I should risk, what boundaries I should have, etc. And she doesn't really accept that I don't want to take her advice. Idk. At least she buys me hot food sometimes. 

But I'm just done. I can never recover from the amount of shit I've gone through in the last half of my entire stupid life. I can never recover the image my ex is smearing to protect himself, what little image I had left after everyone else pecked at everything I cared about or expressed about myself. 

I'm so tired. I'm so so so so so fucking tired. I've been dragging ass since I don't even remember and everything has just gotten heavier and crazier and I just can't fucking take another *decade,* another *year,* another *month* of this crap. I can't stand this life or any of the things that keep happening in it. I can't lose what I'm about to lose and ever, ever, ever be okay again. 

My ex left in the fall. It's been a countdown to the lease ending since then, since there is absolutely no way for me to stay housed without someone else on the lease. I set a date for myself a week or two ago. It's in three days. I have a plan and I'm terrified I won't have the guts to do it, and honestly I'm probably going to postpone it like I've postponed every stupid date I've set for myself in the last decade and a half. I bought a brand new bottle of my favorite vodka to make it easier but I don't know if that'll ultimately help. 

I just know that this constant barrage of bullshit is just, what my life is. It always has been and always will be and I don't want to sit through any fucking more of it.