The person I (21M) love doesnt love me, Im not doing well in school, and I cant imagine having a good futureSo after my last girlfriend I told myself that I wasnt going to date anyone for the rest of college, unless someone special came along. Well that special person came along and went. She broke up with her boyfriend of 4 years because she "fell in love with me." Over the past two months since she broke up with him we've dated two times for a total of around 3 weeks. She says that she cant get over her ex and that there's some big things that we dont have in common. She said those things consisted of her being extroverted and me being introverted, her being religious and me not, and the fact that she wants at least 3 kids and me not being the biggest fan of kids.

I feel like I found someone really special and it hurts like hell that she doesnt feel the same as I do now even though she claimed she did quite often. The thing that hurts the most is the difference of extroverted/introverted. I do not like being introverted. It's just what im comfortable with. When Im alone I constantly have the want of going out and having a friend group and being social. I've thought in the past about why would any girl want to date me since im so anti social? Im a senior at a large university and I cant help but feel pathetic and depressed about how I never go out and that I basically only have 2 friends at school. 

It gets worse though. Im a senior but Im going to have to do a fifth year. My major is aerospace engineering so it is very work heavy. I cant find any motivation to do anything, not even watch netflix sometimes. It feels like im so close to graduating, but I cant see myself ever doing it at this point. Im not even sure if I would want a job with my major for the rest of my life.

I also barely communicate with my family at all. My parents live on the other side of the US and the only person I ever communicate with is my mom. I havent talked to her in two weeks and I dread it anytime I have to do it. When I talk to her, we only talk about me. I dont give her that much detail at all about my depressing state because I dont want her to worry. I feel ashamed about the way I live my life because I feel so lazy not doing work and just smoking weed to cope with my depression. I would feel embarrassed to tell my mom everything that's going on with me.

My mom works as a physician's assistant and basically evaluates and prescribes drug addicts medicine for a living. So she sees the worst of the worst when it comes to drug use. I love her so much but I don't want her to worry about me in that way. 

It's been a few years since I seriously thought about it, but suicide has been crossing my mind a good bit the past few days. Even if I get my shit together with school, I'm not sure if i would like a career in it for the rest of my life. Im not sure if ill ever get the courage to be social and ill just be introverted my whole life. Im not sure if ill ever find someone due to me depressive personality. I just feel all fucked up and just want to drop out