Some light in all the darknessHello, there is a strong posibility I have a light version of bipolar, I have regular antidepressants that isnt working, since like 1 year, I'm a 25year old guy with 1 suicide attempt earlier, tons of pills combined with alcohol, this was 2 years ago and the following week I was at rehab for drugs and alcohol and after that individual and group therapy.
I've had a few rough months now with no income whatsoever, suicidal thoughts and depression, since december when I was finished with school and I can't look for a job cause of the mood swings etc and my current medication is not working, I've had problem with some doctors to so I could'nt get a note of this so I could get welfare.

So this friday I had a date with a girl I really like and it did not turn out that great, we are really great together and she likes me, but not that way, so I was gonna kiss her and got rejected and I got suicidal as hell, not because of her but she was the trigger, so to speak.
And yesterday at the hospital I was gonna talk about getting a note from my doctor that I need to get welfare etc while I try out new medicines etc and I told him about my extremely suicidal thoughts atm and I got help with 2 emergency doctors at the spot, 15min in the waiting room and I was in (was really really close to bail cause I was really afraid of getting locked in cause the risk I was gonna hurt myself was really high). So I said that I wanted to go home and they said they could not force me to stay, but that it would be a good idea to sleep over there for a couple of days atleast until the worst of my suicidal thoughts were gone, but I did not want to, so the sollution became some free medicine and that I'm going to be checked up on at home by a doctor every day atleast until the end of the week and I'm gonna get a recommendation from my doctor in the mail that I can take to the goverment for welfare and in 3 weeks I'm gonna meet another doctor that I will start to test new medicines with and chances are good I will be almost 100% symptom free with the new medicine.

I have no idea whatsoever why I wouldnt get welfare and be home to relax when they suspected bipolar, I had 3 good days and during 1 of those I was at the hospital and because I was feeling ok right at that moment I couldnt get a sick-leave from my doctor... Even though they suspected bipolar, wich means I will have both good and bad days. -.-

But it feels like I'm going in the right direction now atleast. Just wanted to type this out because, well, a lot of people feels there is no hope, but there is, if you just hang in there. It's a really dark place to be in, all of this, problems with your psychic wellbeing and finding medicines etc, it's not a very known science it seems.

But hang in there, it can work out! And when it does, you will find reasons to live and just, feel happy and comfortable doing stuff, traveling, meeting friends, experiencing new things, eat new food, try out new stuff like sports or hobbies.

Feels good to just write this shit and hopefully someone will read it and even more hopefully, someone will feel better by reading it!