I'm just tired.I can't do anything. I haven't had a haircut in months. I can't fall asleep without the TV or YouTube or a movie running in the background to distract me from the constant thoughts of being a loser, a failure, worthless, selfish, weak. Sometimes I hit myself in the head until I'm dizzy, just like my grandmother used to hit herself. I can't stop thinking about my sister abandoning me. I can't stop thinking about the first time my father tried to strangle her. I can't stop being angry with her, even thought it's not her fault. I can't forgive her for not telling me she was married for eight years. I can't stop thinking about my father yelling at my comatose mother to stop clenching her spastic arm after she'd had a stroke. I can't stop thinking about why my mother didn't protect us. I can't ask her now because she's dead, and I couldn't ask her while she was alive because she didn't remember and she couldn't speak. And yet I'm living in his house again, and taking all the abuse again, and feeling all the guilt he wants me to feel again. I'm fucking 32. I barely go out of the house because I'm afraid of seeing people I know, and being seen as the failure that I am. I quit my job almost two years ago and I haven't applied for another one since. My last friend stopped trying to get in touch with me months ago. I don't know what to say to her, I couldn't even read her last message. I fucked that up too. I'm so ashamed of myself. I miss being touched. Just like a fucking hug or anything. I miss how full of hope I was ten years ago despite everything. I miss the last time I felt any hope. I don't remember when that was, but I know it happened. I don't think anyone's ever going to love me again. I think about my first boyfriend all the time, and I know that's insane, and that I actually just miss myself. I feel like I've been dead this whole time and I'm just now starting to wake up to the fact. I don't know how to keep going, and I don't see why I should, because it never stops hurting. It's all over anyway.