Tired. (Please, Don't Read This If You Yourself Are Suicidal).**I said, don't read this if you are suicidal.** 

Call 1.800.SUICIDE or your shrink or someone. If you think you are going to hurt yourself, get admitted to an emergency room.

I am going to be really negative here and I don't want to fuck up your shit along with mine. 

Typically, on this account or another, when I browse this sub I find folks' posts and either upvote the comments that I think would be helpful or post some encouragement of my own. I momentarily forget about my own problem and neglect to post. In whatever limited way I can, I want to help people.

Not tonight.

Tonight I am tired. This fatigue stems from constant disappointment I have in myself: I'm an American male, mid-20s, college-educated. 

My life experience has just been so pathetic. I loathe myself. No skills, few friends, little fitness, irregular sex . . . and zero accomplishments in which I have actually taken pride.

I am ashamed of what a huge waste of resources I am, the lack of return I have produced on society's investment. I am embarrassed of the things I have done or failed to do in my past, the haunting memories and regrets. I am frustrated that I suffer with substance abuse, the inability I have now to even drink one beer to relax and start to make the pain go away.

Now I can trace the origins of many of these things. In theory. These causal roots are things that can supposedly be changed, thereby changing myself. 

But in practice, my experience living day-to-day makes me question whether there is not something essentially wrong with me. Whether it is worth the effort to take the steps necessary to effect such a change.

When I stand in front of an arriving meto train or walk next to a bridge I think how easy it would be to take one step forward or one jump over, and how it would all be over.

Not that I would do it, with failure rates and all that. But, with a long enough timeline, I don't know how much more of this disappointment I can take.

Thanks for reading.