Around three years ago, I ruined my friend's life by taking him against his will to the ER when he tried to jump off a ledge. I guess it's karma that now I'm in the same boat. I earned me.We were so close to graduation. He had become more and more angry and withdrawn. When he broke up with his fiancee, then things really went to shit. One day after classes, he came back, and walked to our window.He started muttering about jumping. I've always been distrustful of authorities, but I decided it was time to call our university's hospital.

They demanded I bring him in right away, when eventually I told them who it was, apparently he had been forced to go to therapy before (I didn't know how far gone he was). I was extremely reluctant in the first place, but I wanted to help. All of us involved were in ROTC. But I trusted the system a little back then. 

He was angry, but he went with us. I spent the night waiting there in the hospital, we just ran back and packed some stuff for him, he was too angry to talk to us.

But I knew I fucked up when the police arrived. Then, the university's clinical psychologist came to yell at me because I was reluctant to give them his name and bring him in the first place. God, it was so hard to do that, and all they ever told me was that I was extremely irresponsible for being scared about what would happen to him. But I should have been. 

He was committed for a month or so. I don't thing he ever graduated. I don't know, he never talked to me again. His family apparently treated him like shit when they found out. After he had done just about everything besides the commissioning ceremony, he lost his chance to be an Army officer. He hates me. He hasn't spoken a single word to me since. We were best friend before. I lost a lot of our mutual friends too.

A few weeks later another ROTC student left in the middle of the day, got a handgun that he stashed in his truck and walked out into the woods and blew his brains out. 

And so, a few days later I graduated. I put that place behind me. I was stuck waiting for a while. After a bit of a mess (I didn't get in trouble, but I ended up enlisted instead of as an officer so I could get a job I wanted) I ended up in the military. Now it's my turn to get put through what I put my former friend through.

But then I fucked that up. I went from having a chance at a literally one in a million dream job to having the most shitty, undignified job you can have in the Navy. 

I finally broke down after 3 months of crying uncontrollably for no reason and hoping that something would kill me. At first, I tried a hotline. They set me up with a confidential counselor. But the military decided that I should always be at work during any time when I could go see him. So I toughed it out... but I couldn't do it. 14 hours days of always meaningless, sometimes humiliating and sometimes dangerous work. Weekends are rare. We have duty on top of that. I never sleep. I'm stuck in a dead in place in the Navy, I have no opportunities, and I was stupid enough to believe the lies about getting help. I was going to get sent to a training program that would have made my life a hundred times more bearable, but I still can't be happy about anything. 

"Get help." There is no help. I tried. I told them that I just didn't care about living anymore and that I was sad for no reason almost all the time. I can't even have a conversation beyond "yes or no" some days. They just removed my ability to work with weapons and told me I'm not going to be going to any program. Now I'm really hopeless. They told me that I would get help and get seen "right away." But it's been over a week now and nothing. It's all for show. It's all a sham. But I guess that's what I deserve for ruining my friend's life. I wish I could have known what would have happened. I wish I didn't deserve this, but I do. 

I drove to the store this evening to buy the tools to end it with. But I just parked, cried, and turned around.

I don't have an excuse to be miserable. Despite that I'm trapped in a bad place in the Navy, I'm very well off, have people who want to help me back home, and good things happen to me all the time. I was a totally different person a few months ago. I was stronger, faster, smarter, tougher than everyone else. But I'm losing all that because I can't even get out of bed except to drag myself in to work, find a corner to hide and cry, and then go straight back home. A really good looking girl had just flirted with me and gave me her number this afternoon...I was happy for about ten seconds, and now I can't even be happy about something I should be. I'm hopeless. So many people have it way worse, and I can't even find a will to live.

I can't even be an adult right now. I was the best, now I'm a piece of shit. Everyone else does so much more with less.