I desperately need helpSo my mom has been addicted to opioids for years now. She went to rehab 4 or 5 years ago and only stayed for 5 days. Mind you that the rehab she went to had a rule that once you admit yourself in, youbuave to stay for 5 days. Once you stay 5 days, you can leave and discharge yourself when you want. Well,my mom didnt like being sober and left on the fifth day; so she didnt get the help she needed. 

Years have passed and she's still addicted to the opioids. She continually buys them off her friends and the street. Soon after, she began taking my dad's medication for his bipolar, anxiety, and depression. It got so bad to the point to where my mom would blow all her money on opioids and my dad would have to suffer because they couldnt buget their money as an adult unit to pay for my dad's meds. So he was off his meds for a while. 

She then began to take my 10 year old little sister's medication for her ADHD (Focalin) for a whole month. And my sister suffered from that. 

My relationship with my mom began to deteriorate very quickly as my dad became moody and emotional; as my mom was the bearer of bad news: that she wants to divorce my dad because she isn't in love with him anymore. Not to mention that she tells my friends at work (we work for the same company) that she thinks that I hate her and that "It's hard to be married to someone with bipolar". 

There are very many little factors that go along with this story, but I am just absolutely depressed over this. Might I add that I have stopped my father from committing suicide several times over this and my mom is *sure* to kill herself because she has been taking such high doses of different opioids. I am scared for both of them. 

I love them both dearly and I would hate for anything to happen. But this is totally out of control. I am nothing but a 16 year old girl with no power over anything. 

*One* of the hardest things that I know will happen is that Im going to have to move with my dad to Texas because that's where his mom and brother lives, and I'll have to leave everything behind...
Everything I've ever known...in this small town of White House, Tennessee.  I'm going to miss everyone and everything...
My best friend the most...he's always been there for me. He's my soulmate. I'm going to feel incomplete without him. 

Im depressed. Im hurting. Everything is crashing all around my feet. I feel alone. I have no help. No one to tell this to. Im on the verge of killing myself. I dont know what to do. 

I think that it is safe to say that I have finally reached an all time low.