Feeling trapped in my relationship (First post, hope I did it right)So this is going to be long but I need to get it out. I have a history of depression, anxiety and suicide. When I moved into recovery, I met a guy online who proposed to me after a year of dating. I still kind of believe he only did it so soon because he and his ex were supposed to be in a wedding a couple weeks later and he wanted to be engaged when he saw her. Like "I was with you for six years and never wanted to marry you, but it only took me a year to propose to this girl because she is so much better than you." I guess that's nice, but I feel like it was for the wrong reason.

Anyway, we have been married for a little over a year now, and I have realized he is very manipulative. If he doesn't get his way, he says and does things to guilt me into giving in. Even though I am "in recovery" from depression, I still get bouts of really low self esteem and fleeting suicidal thoughts (and depression of course). I feel like these always coincide to me being stressed and then him being mean on top of it. Sometimes I think he is purposely mean when I'm stressed to make me worse...

When I try to do things to establish some independence (like going to group therapy, increasing my meds, or even hanging out with friends without him, he either makes fun of me or gets mad and makes me feel bad for doing it. I am prone to reading too far into things and catastrophizing, so this might be an irrational interpretation of his behavior. However, I have spent a lot of time going through this with my therapist and she seems to think he needs to make a lot of changes if I am ever going to be stable and we are going to be able to maintain our marriage. As I said, though, I kind of think he subconsciously wants me to stay depressed because then I won't leave him. 

On top of that, he has become so anxious and such a homebody in the past couple years that every vacation we take is boring.  We spend 90% of our time watching TV in hotels because he needs to "ground" himself.  Before we got married, I planned to travel the world (or at least the US) with him before we had kids and settled down, but he is so "mature" that instead we are drowning in a mortgage and car payments. He makes me feel guilty for not working enough and because he has a "real job" while mine is just a $10/hr retail position (I'm still in school working on a MBA.) It makes me angry because his job is shit retail too, but he is a salaried manager. He never went to college even though he is extremely intelligent, so I think he is bitter about the fact that he has been working and supporting himself for 10 years now and everyone tells him he could be better and making twice as much as he is.

So here is my problem. Lately I've been thinking I won't be able to stay in this marriage for the rest of my life. Both my parents and in laws are super against divorce, and I don't think I could face the shame of that. All my friends thought we got married too soon, and I don't want them to be right.  Since he is so manipulative and "knows the right people" I know I would get completely fucked in a divorce. Also, I'm not even considering divorce now, I'm just worrying about our future. Sometimes (like probably twice a week) I think about how I am going to have to kill myself before we get around to having kids because we will never be able to make it through that stress and I don't want to mess up kids if I can help it. I know that when/if I do I will HAVE to be sure it will work because I can't go through an unsuccessful attempt again.  I have told my therapist about this and am currently working on med management , but I have kind of come to terms with the fact that this is my inevitable future.

Tl;Dr: I'm feel stuck in a boring, manipulative marriage and know my only way out is suicide.