Have you ever read A Monster Calls?I found this book a few years back, and I fell in love with it. I didn't understand why at first, because it was simply a story out of millions. The book consists of a boy watching his mother slowly rot away due to cancer. He's all alone, and is taking on the role of cook, cleaner, and nurturer within the household. As his mother ever so slowly falls into the arms of death, things begin showing up. His estranged father who lives in the States, his hardskinned grandmother who tries to treat him like a normal young boy, bullies who pick on him and call him a loser, and so fourth. He is in a deep pain, and feels invisible.

One night, a monster calls to him from outside his window. The boy was terrified and frightened, but at the same time extremely pissed off. The yew tree monster threatens the boy, saying how he will tell him three stories in the coming weeks. When the third tale is told, the boy must tell the fourth. The boy, much smaller than the monster stands up to it, screaming his mother is dying, and this tree wants to tell him stories?! 

Three tales are told, the first talks about how life is not as simple as we might believe it to be.

The second is about one's ethics and morals, and how even in your darkest moments, you must stand for what you believe in.

The third talks of an invisible man. "For if no one sees you, are you really there at all?" The man grew tired of being invisible, and made sure everyone saw him.

The boy was told by the yew tree monster that if he were to listen to the tales, then his mother would be given a branch from his tree. An attempt at a cure; his mother's last hope. If anything could heal her, it would be the tree.

As promised, the doctors administered the last hope into the mother's veins, but it did not work. The boy heard the news and ran through the cemetery, to the hill that held the tree. Kicking it, punching it, and screaming with a red face and tears running down his cheeks that the monster PROMISED it would save his mother. It promised.

Springing to life, the tree rose from the ground and told the boy that if it could have healed her, it would have. She is simply too sick.

"No, no, NO. YOU PROMISED." The monster looked towards the boy and said it was time for the fourth tale. The wind picked up and the nightmare the boy had been having for weeks materialized. A crack tore the ground in two, and he saw his mother hanging on ever so desperately to a branch that stuck out from the cliff wall. The boy ran to her and grabbed her arm, using all his strength to try and pull her to safety. 

The monster watched as the events unfolded, and told the boy to tell the fourth tale. To tell the truth he has been holding in.

"NO!" The boy screamed over the howling wind. "NO, I WON'T."

"TELL THE TRUTH," The monster screamed back. His mother was slipping out of his hands. "I WILL DIE IF I SAY IT," screamed the boy.

"YOU WILL DIE IF YOU DON'T. TELL THE TRUTH. TELL IT, TELL THE TRUTH!"

"I JUST WANT IT TO BE OVER."

And everything stopped, and the mother was gone.

"I just can't stand, to see her like that anymore. I just, want everything to be over."

The boy let himself fall into the ravine, but the monster caught him, and carried him back to the hill.

"You simply wished for an end to your pain, and that Conor O' Malley, is the most human wish of all".

That night his mother died. Before she left, he told her the truth, that he loved her so much, and it is okay for her to leave.

&amp;#x200B;

We never find out if the monster was real, but this book has stuck with me throughout the years. I did not tell anyone this story to attempt and change how they view death. It's just I'm not feeling too good right now, and somehow I always seem to wander to this book every time I get here. 

Life is fucking rough, and even though my monster has never came, I like to think that maybe I can become one.

I hope whoever reads this will find their own story too.