I want people to forget about my existence and just let me kill myself.Merry Christmas, guys. I hope you're all safe. 

I am new to Reddit. English isn't my first language, but I'll try not to make any grammatical mistakes. Sorry in advance if I do. I don't know if this is the right place to post this. Please guide me if it isn't. This is mostly just venting because I don't even know what to do at this point. So I'm putting everything I have into this. My grades suck, My parents think I'm wasting my life. I don't have any energy to get through the "just survive the worst and everything will be okay" phase anymore. It's been 7 years of hell. I can't take this anymore.

I know that a lot of people go through things worse than anything I've ever been through. But holding onto that idea and telling myself to try harder only made everything worse. I have a great family. I love my mom, dad, and sister. They tolerate me and help me in everyway they can. I live in Asia, so even though I'm 18 I can depend on my parents. My bestfriend (don't really have many friends) tries to help, but this year has been a lot harder. And it just feels like nothing anyone says is going to make any difference. I'm unable to cope. I  don't know what illness I have. But one day my mom talked to a doctor on the phone and they think I have PCOS. And I'm supposed to cut down on sugar, exercise a lot, and eat healthy. I can't. I tried to. I know that I can't blame anyone else but myself. But this is just too much to take. I can't bear these intrusive thoughts anymore. I try to walk (as an exercise) now and then but it isn't enough. I love (used to love, I don't understand why I don't feel happy anymore whenever I bake, cook) snacks. Sometimes those help me a lot with my anxiety and my thoughts.

I read somewhere that having PCOS doesn't just mean infertility problems. It makes us depressed, gives us intrusive thoughts, and increases anxiety. The joke's on me. My parents don't really take mental illnesses seriously. Last August, my sister had to go to the hospital and talk things out because she couldn't live with so many panic attacks and anxiety anymore. I still remember her calling me and telling me how my parents were ashamed to take her to a mental health specialist. I tried to convince them that it's bad to not get help, but they still (even today) think that we're both just lazy and make things up. Thank god she has a good guy who takes good care of her, though he belongs to another caste and my dad's been putting our whole family through hell to convince my sister to marry some guy from our caste.

When I asked my mom a few weeks ago to take me to that doctor, she said that her (the doctor's) daughter was getting married and that we have to wait for a while. And she started scolding me about how I'm wasting time playing videogames when I'm supposed to study for IELTS and get my health issues under control by doing the things the doctor asked me to do. We fought a lot in the past few months, some even ended with me cutting. Which made things even worse, because I cut too deep and had to get a TT. When my mom found out that I actually cut, she started making statements like, "What did we do wrong?" And she told my sis that I attempted suicide. My sister cares about me. She was furious that I didn't talk to her about what was wrong instead. I can't blame her. She calmed herself and asked me to talk to her when I get such thoughts or urges again. Only if she knew.

I know that I'm focusing on the bad things and "missing out on the good things" in life. To be honest, I don't really think anything good happened in the past 7 or so years. I don't even know where to start.

I had a care taker when I was young. After staying with my family for 5 years? I guess she did stay for around 5 years. She didn't get along with my sister very well, and they always fought. One day my sister was complaining about how she (the care taker) always finds reasons to scold her (my sis). And the fight ended with her (the care taker) leaving the house. She never returned after that. The funny thing is it was me who told the care taker that my family were talking about her. And she left. My parents are both government employees, and by the time I was born my sister was a 7 year old kid. The only person who cared about me a lot was my care taker. This might sound silly, but she was like a mother to me. And it really hurts me that she didn't love me enough to not leave me that day. She lost her husband before coming to our house the first time. She didn't have any children. She used to point to the Moon and tell me stories every night while feeding me. I learnt the meaning of kindness from her. She was(is? I don't know what to use. Because she was pretty old when she left. And my mom thinks she isn't alive anymore.) a very good person. I met her once after she left though. I didn't really understand her the way I do now, and I didn't ask her to come back. She hugged me and cried for a while. I was very stupid back then. I just hugged her back and stayed like that. If only I could meet her again now.. I turned 18 this year. It's been 9 years since she left and 5 years since I last saw her.

In the past few years I started to believe that if there's one person who can understand my messed up life and has the strength to guide me out of this hell hole, it's her. When I was little, I didn't now it, but I had a pretty messed up childhood. She made it better by always looking after me, buying me snacks (that's all a kid really wants, right?) without telling my parents, and using her money (the money my parents gave her as a fee?)

I discovered masturbation when I was little. And it messed my life up. I didn't know what I was doing or why I was doing it. I was also doing it the wrong way though. When my parents knew about it, my mom told me it was the most sensitive part if the body so I need to take care of it. Those words stuck with me, but I couldn't control myself. To make things worse, one of my cousins encouraged me to do it. I understand that it's not a bad thing, but I don't really like doing it. And around the same time, one of my classmates tricked me into opening a porn website by telling me it's a gaming site. I tried to control myself for so long, because I really was wasting my life. I wouldn't do anything else. After 4 years of ups and downs, I was able to control my urges.

What I didn't notice was that, while I was trying to control one bad habit, I developed at least a couple of bad coping mechanisms. I wasn't new to self-harm by then. I cut myself first in my 8th grade and only my dad knows about it. (When he came home and saw my cuts, he took me out for a walk (or eating snacks I think) and that's it. We never talked about it after that. But when he saw my cut last June (the one I had to get the TT for) he knew what it was and told my mom that it was me who did it. Thanks to my mom though, for letting me buy full sleeve shirts. I am scared of what they'd say if they see my other scars. My dad did talk to me though. Just like my sister, he asked me to be open about my problems so that I don't have to go through the pain alone. But every time I open up, everything goes South.) I made a mental list of all my bad habits and would hurt myself if I couldn't control my urges. This made my self-harm urges worse. I would stop myself from looking at pictures of any gender, because doing it would make my urges worse. These mechanisms stuck with me. And I have trouble doing anything now. I can't even watch movies. Everything gives me intrusive thoughts. When I told my sister about my thoughts, she said it's a phase. She went through the same, and said it'd go away. I know that she's right. Because I know I'm straight. Just the idea of me being together with another woman seems so.. idk. But the feeling makes it clear that I'm straight.

But after 2 years or so, I got a little better at controlling my urges (of masturbation) but it was only then that I realized what I had actually gotten myself into. I had 0 self-confidence. I couldn't even study because I would just keep repeating the same sentence or formula in the fear of forgetting it. And I had 0 friends for almost 3 years because I just couldn't keep up with the world. When the time came for me to choose a career, I wanted to study Architecture. I prepared for the entrance exams of Architecture alone. And I was very confident that I'd make it. But our government decided to try out a new software to correct our answer sheets and I was actually one among the few students who didn't fail in the board exams. But I lost my chance at getting a seat in any Architecture college. I also missed the competitive exam quota by a couple of marks. I relapsed. But I got an acceptance mail from a well-known University. My parents couldn't afford any other Architecture college (by any other I mean private ones) asked me to join the university that sent me the mail. They asked me to choose Civil Engineering. I did. And I won't say "god knows how I survived it" I was (is. I'm a second year student now) hell. I used like my cousin when I was little but he started verbally abusing me as we grew up? I grew up listening to my mom complain about how I could never be as good as him. Which made me want to be better than him and in that process I realized I that he was being brain-washed about my family being inferior to his. And the things he did.. I just couldn't not hate him. He had a lot going on, but I don't think I'll ever heal. I feel so stupid now that I think about this. His family is very rich and I was just a girl he liked to talk to whenever he wanted to brag about himself. But I guess you don't notice all that when you're a kid. Or maybe he was good when he was a kid. But he just isn't the same anymore.

And then I fell for a guy last year in my college. The number of coincidences that lead me to him seemed like a miracle to me at that time. He told me he got into a relationship this April. That was the last straw. I wanted to die. I couldn't find any reasons to live any more. I held onto him so much that after months of anxiety and pain, I could actually get up every morning. I was surprised at how confident I had become. I even posted my pictures online, which I never did in probably 4 years? I held onto the idea of us together every time I got an intrusive thought. He is a very good guy. He's had his heart broken. But after he made me laugh for 3 hours straight the first time we met, I found it hard to  believe that he was in so much pain. He said he'd never get into any relationship. But I was waiting for him to talk it slow and talk it out. But he just said he got into another relationship. We met in October (2019). But that was to give me my lost watch (he found it). Then we started talking in January because our mutual friends told us about each other. And apparently he wanted to study architecture, too. But took Civil in the same University as me because he couldn't get a seat. We still talk. I wanted to be in the same class as him. Now we are in the same class. But I don't know how I can face him after quarantine ends. I want him to be happy. But it just hurts so much to just watch every thing I love go away like that. I still love him. Funnily, thinking about him makes my intrusive thoughts (about my sexuality) bearable.

I actually hated relationships for a long time, because I saw how my sister struggled and cried all day when she first experienced heart break. So, I just stayed away from boys for almost 3 years. I don't know why I'm even writing this. I read that this sub has helped a lot of people. I really want to die. I even attempted in September. But the amount of sanitizer I drank wasn't enough to kill me. And when I tried to drink some more, I just couldn't stop hearing my sister's and my best friend's words in my head.

I've been contemplating suicide the past few weeks. I know deep down that someday I just might do it. I don't even have any energy anymore.  Even now, my head's telling me I'm doing this for attention. Everything I do is for attention. I can't do anything when people are looking at me. And when I'm alone and do something, I always compare unwantedly, and thoughts like, "I'm so good at this. No one can do this like me" keep repeating and it's just so hard to get through a day. I am unable to post any statuses or anything because of these thoughts. I can't even talk or chat with people and they think I don't care about them. I can't do anything. But if I'm idle, intrusive thoughts about my sexuality start screaming at me. This is just too  much to take. I tried a couple of things over the past few months, but nothing works anymore. 

To make things even worse our University management decided to conduct offline exams and I'm a mess right now. It feels like I'm the only one who hasn't started preparing yet. And I just keep buying stuff like games, gadgets, etc. These used to keep me busy. I love (I really do. I know it. But I can't play now because of exams. If I try to play, my mind would just start screaming about how I'm wasting time. Though nothing really makes me happy anymore.) Recently I've been thinking about becoming a game designer. Like, after Civil, I'd do M-Arch and then get into the gaming industry. That seemed to motivate me for a while. But I was pushing myself too hard. I just couldn't take it. 

I bought a piano in June. Tried to learn it. But I was also focused and determined about earning money online (which was a flop) to support my family, so I couldn't really spend time on the piano without feeling like I was wasting time. The same happened with my blog. I keep trying only to end up messing everything up. I couldn't get rid of my bad habits. I couldn't even get into the college I wanted to study in even after working so hard. And now, I am just wasting my parents money, pretending to understand all these classes. I really want someone else to have my place. Some other person would definitely make my parents proud and live my life better, unlike me. 

How do people even live?

I didn't mean to make you feel sad or helpless. I just don't know what to do anymore. Everything is just so hard and I can't really talk to anyone about this.