Lost, hopeless, exhausted, and lonely. TW:EDI am so sick of trying. So sick of waiting for things to get better. 

I am a 21 year old woman who lives in the midwest USA. I have had severe mental health issues for the past seven years and things just seem to keep getting worse. I attempted suicide in 2017 by taking a ton RX pills, that didn't work. I was in the psych hospital for like two weeks, yadda yadda. 

My teenage years were awful, a lot happened and I never resolved any of it, so it set me on a really bad mental path for adulthood.

I have had every eating disorder in the book, I absolutely hate my body and the way I look. I am about 5'5 and 145 pounds so I am not thin, but I am not at a weight that negatively impacts my health and it shouldn't cause me so much grief, but it does. Every waking moment is consumed by thoughts of wanting to starve, wanting to binge, wanting to purge. I have been to therapy. I have tried to get help. It never fkin works. 

I HAVE TRIED to get better. I have tried medication, I've tried therapy, I've tried coloring books and nature walks. Nothing helps. 

I've slept with so many men trying to feel alive. I've done so many things impulsively that I regret just to feel human. I've shaved my head before, gotten tattoos and piercings.

I just feel so empty and hopeless. 

I've been recently for about the last nine months been with a man who I thought was single. I knew he still lived with his ex of six years but that didn't bother me since he wanted to finish up the lease he signed a few months before they broke up. Our relationship has been rocky, but I am absolutely in love with him. Sometimes I feel like he is the last "hope" for me. He's really all I have left. Until today, I saw her post a review for a mechanic on facebook that did the prepurchase exam for the car he said he purchased to have so he didn't have to share one with he anymore. She used terms like "cars we've bought" and "they've helped us" so I confronted him. She doesn't even know I exist, I have never been to his place. I found it by accident. I had a massive breakdown over it. I seriously don't know why I am so stupid. He has sworn up and down since the start that they're not together, but I don't even believe him after today. 

I feel so inadequate. I hate myself so much. I just don't want any of this. Since the pandemic I have been working from home. It has made me so depressed. I work in a large contact center and had a lot of "friends" there that always made it a bit easier to get through the day. I don't see anyone now though, and we aren't going back to the office until at least January of next year.

I don't matter. I am absolutely worthless in every way. All I do is listen to depressing ass music from the 90s and cry and want to be dead. I have NO hope at getting better. I have too many issues, too much past trauma, too much to unpack. I feel so tainted. I just want to fucking blow my brains out. I have felt this way for so long. I fantasize about death constantly. 

The only thing that stops me is the fear that if I am unsuccessful again, I will be put in the hospital and lose my job, which will in turn fuck my life up even more when I get out and I will be in even worse shape than I am now, and I can't even deal with the thought of that let alone the reality. 

I just don't really have any interest in living. I have tried so hard. Things don't get better. At least not for me. 

There just feels like there is nothing else I can do to feel better. I am actually extremely functional for someone in such a state, working forty hours a week, keeping up with my personal grooming, etc.. but I feel like I am just spinning out of control and I can't keep this up much longer.   


Sometimes I feel like I am just not able to exist in this world, it's been painful for as long as I can remember. Even as a child I was very sad. 

I don't know anymore.