My life has come to an end...The time has finally come. I only wanted to mention it to someone, anyone that will listen. I honestly have no idea why but I somehow feel I must explain why I have come to the decision that I have, and since there is no one else in my life that I can share this with, this medium will have to do.

I admit I have always felt like I have been standing on a precipice between this abhorrent life and the death that calls to me. I also admit that for most of my life I have had no real reason to feel this way (my own opinion of matters concerning to me, mind you). Whether it was watching my mom's downfall from a beautiful, strong woman that was everything in my world to someone that barely moved or spoke after both a bout of Alzheimer's with unrelated diabetes and blindness, or whether it was my disgusting childhood of emotional and mental problems leading to bullying for all 12 years I went to school, or even whether my father's absence from my life, added by hurt of being deemed his illegitimate child by some of his siblings, I never have run out of reasons to stop feeling like I just shouldn't be alive.

However, it was on July 7th of 2016 that everything changed. The one and only reason for my to keep going, my heart to keep beating, departed. My mother, the one that gave me the opportunity to live -even when most of her family members told her to abort me, that it was embarrassing for a 42 year old divorced woman to suddenly be pregnant out of the blue, and from a tryst with a married man no less- that beautiful woman who despite all odds decided to keep me... she passed on that horrible night from a heart attack at the age of 68.

The world is now void of all reason to live for me. You must all understand, that I have nothing going for me. In my attempt to take care of her full time I decided to opt out of an education after finishing high school. I decided to not work since I didnt want to leave her alone and she never trusted anyone but me to take care of her so I seldom worked, which at my now age of 27 is not only counter-productive to me gaining work that will help me to survive on my own, but on top of that in the eyes of companies I am just a downgrade from younger adults that are better trained.

Knowing all this, my family began to wonder of me yet again as an unwanted child, instead of an adult and began to pass me around like a hot potato, who would now gain my burden? My 19 years older sister? my maternal grandparents? my godmother? It seems my sister took the worst of the share, as I now live with her. And no, I am not fully dependent on her. I am working, three starter jobs alongside 18+ somethings that see me as an old woman in their eyes, among them.

I don't fit anywhere, and it seems I never will. No matter how many jobs I might end up working at, I still don't earn enough to live on my own in the state I live in. But then I wonder... is it even worth pushing through one more day? One more shift, one more day of this miserable existence? I have no purpose in life, my purpose for living is gone! 

When I was forced to move from my childhood home, I had to leave my dog in the care of my grandparents back in Puerto Rico (where I was living with my mother since birth), so she doesn't need me either in her life. And on top of all this my sister has two sides of her. One tolerant side in which everything appears fine only for the next day for her to blow up because I ate one extra cookie from the refridgerator and she wanted it. She makes me feel like I am worthless... and it's true. I am worthless, I am a burden to everyone in my family now that the only person that wanted me is gone. I don't want to be a burden anymore, and so since I have no control over anything else in my life, I swear I do have it over this. I will fight for the control of my life!
I already won the fight... in a few more minutes biology will run its course and I will fade from existence. I am sorry to all that I troubled in life by my existence alone. I hope after I am gone you will go back to being your happier selves. The ones not troubled by waste-of-oxygen me.

And most of all I am sorry that I had to retell this to you all in this reddit. If my post troubles you, please ignore it. It was more of a need of mine to leave something behind, to ask anyone that might be reading. Please treat people around you with as much love as you wish yourselves to be given, to help out in all you can, and to find your reasons for living. That's all...