that’s it folks.i had to make a new account because i’m not trying to get attention or sympathy - i’ve come to an agreement with myself that i’m going to be killing myself next year. i’ve set savings and goals to pay off my debt before i go so my family doesn’t have to worry about it. i really have nothing to be sad about but i’m still sad. i have a loving girlfriend, a kind and patient family, lots of friends and a good job. i don’t know why i’m so sad, i have this constant hollow feeling inside me and not very nice thoughts in my head, things i’ve done in the past, the pain i’ve caused for others. i guess with these thoughts, i’ve justified and decided that the people around me are better off without me. i’ve tried opening up to really close friends but every time i try to do it, it feels as though i’m bringing them down with me or i’m seeking attention then i end up feeling worse. i’ve gone to a therapist but hey, i’m still here. though with this finalization, i feel at peace? i feel like i don’t have to try so hard, i’ve become more patient with everyone around me and loving because in my head, this is the last year i’ll be spending time with them. some things i will miss, the sound of her voice when she wakes up in the morning or from her naps, her laugh, her eyes when she smiles, her future thriving. my sisters teasing me, my sisters starting their families, my niece and future nephews and nieces. my friends having families and becoming successful like i know they will be. my children from work growing up, my coworkers. my cousins growing older and living life. i don’t have the best relationship with my parents but i will miss them. i know a year of posting this is a long time, a lot can happen in a year but i’ve been thinking about this for a long time now and i really don’t see myself living longer anymore. i’m sorry if this finds the people i care about - i really tried. so september 23rd, 2021 will be my last day and you guys will most likely see my final post the day before. i’ll send my apologies then. maybe life isn’t just for everybody, maybe i’m just really tired.

i hope you all get better and find love while you’re here.