I feel very comfortable with the idea of deathSo hey,
I’m 23 y/o female. I struggle with  schizophrenia (mild), along with really bad anxiety, paranoia and depression. I have these problems since I can remember. I was always pretty much alone, no friends, and it was damn hard for me to find some because of my anxiety and lack of motivation. Thanks to my depression nothing makes sense to me,  I don’t enjoy anything on this world. 

It may look I have a pretty nice and perspective life even eith my diagnosis. I have great work, I’m getting good money, I live in a big flat, I can have literally anything I want. I would say I am pretty inteligent, I am good at painting and I always had that feeling like anything new I try is just soo easy for me (like learning new sport, instrument, language..)

Anywayyy, I just feel like this whole living is SO not for me. I really don’t enjoy stuff, I don’t like being around people, I don’t like idea of love, talking, buying pretty stuff, etc. The only thing I am able to feel is frustration. I am frustrated that people feel like suicide is something bad and selfish. I mean.. why should I continue in living when I am totally ok with idea of death? Yeah so there’s that big BUT - family. They don’t know about my struggling, they think I am happy young perspective woman. And I really don’t want to hurt them but I just can’t do this. I don’t think about death and suicide like it’s something bad, ugly, I don’t even think death is the end of being.. I think it should be a choice of every one of us without feeling guilt. I wish people could just respect that. I am 100% sure I won’t enjoy living ever but I found it ridiculous to continue with it just because I don’t want to ruin life of anyone else. 

I really don’t know what to do. I found myself thinking about how I wish I haven’t had family. It would be so much easier. Don’t get me wrong, I really love them and I think they are amazing people, but it’s just so much responsibility it’s just making everything worse. It’s really hard and I wanted to get it out of my chest. 

If you have any kind of advice or opinion, just post it. Or just say hello. Have an amazing day :)
