Not fully suicidal, just having suicidal thoughtsThis is a pretty long post and I just had an argument with my parents so it may seem disoriented and out of order. Some things in this post might appear out of no where, but I'm writing it as things pop up in my head so I'm sorry about that. Before I start talking about my problems, I just want to clear up that I'm only having minor suicidal thoughts at this point, I'm not fully committed on killing myself yet(though I fear at some point, I might). Also, I'm probably going to sound like a brat because my problems are no where near as bad as many others so I understand if I receive no sympathy. I acknowledge that these problems are not very severe, I just hope to get some advice. I'm not too sure where to start so I guess I'll start by saying that I live in a rather financially healthy city in Georgia. Most people in this city are beyond financially stable and have extremely disposable income. This is untrue for me. I am 18 years old and live with my parents. I attend a community college so I have to live with my parents. My parents are really poor. So far, they have provided for me but my expenses are going up. They realize this but just tell me that I have to deal with the fact they're poor. My dad has no form of education and is a driver that makes hardly enough to cover our rent while my mom has a masters degree in(and I understand this is going to sound mean and is very bm of me) a rather useless major and now she can't find a job. She is also thousands of dollars in student loan debt. My friends are all beyond financially secure and I always see them with luxuries that I can't even hope to receive with my parents. On top of this, they are always making fun of me for what little I have and always pressure me into getting things I can't afford(and to make something clear, no I don't need new friends. These friends have helped me through many rough times I've had in the past. I've put up a fake wall that makes them think that I'm on their level financially. They know I'm not on their level, but they have no idea how bad it is. They don't make fun of me in a mean way that hurts, but I guess it's me realizing that they're right about most of the things they say is what hurts) This is where I'm going to sound like a little shit. Recently, my parents have allocated some money for a car for me but I don't believe it's enough. The car I currently have is sold and I am in need of a new one. When I had my old car, I got so much shit for it. I was embarrassed to drive it around and my friends always made fun of it. I'm not going to say the exact amount, but for even a half decent car in my area, the cost is about $500 more. My parents laughed and scoffed at me for even suggesting adding more. This is another thing. Although my parents try their best for what they can, my mom has an extremely rude attitude. After a few hours, I forgot about the car and settled on the fact that I won't be driving anything even half-decent. I could take a few more years of embarrassment. The part that got to me was another argument. A few hours after the car argument, I asked when my mom is going shopping again. I recently started working out and need some high protein foods. She said she has no job and can't afford it. That's when I got mad. She is a 40 year old woman with a masters degree and she can't even afford groceries for her kid. I got mad and said, "Okay, whatever, remind me not to ask you of anything from now on," and she gave me a mean smirk and said, "I'm happy you finally understand"(Remember, she's a real bitch when she's challenged). I realize now that my life is in control of these people. They can kick me out at any point because I'm 18 and I can't ask them of anything because they're poor. If I try and challenge my mom is anyway, she asserts her power over me. I need to use her car to attend my college that is many miles away and she said, "If you're going to give me that attitude, then bike there." She hardly uses the car herself, but she won't let me use it if I step out of line at all. My dad is more understanding but I'm not going to ask him of anything because he makes no money as it is(my dad is in NO way a good person, however. When he gets mad and drunk, he becomes a monster. He also constantly calls me a failure and we fight often. I don't want to ask for help on how to deal with him, because he's a lost cause. I'm just going to live with him while I need him and then leave. I don't need him in my life). I know this sounds like a bitchfit about a spoiled brat who's complaining about not getting a car and not getting food, but it's more than that. Having to watch all your friends enjoy luxuries in a rich people city and you having to make up bullshit excuses about why you can't is horrible. I have a job and am working the most I possibly can but my parents are asking me to give them a significant chunk of my earnings. Then I have to pay for car insurance(they can't afford that for me) and I have to pay my gym fees and I have to pay for babysitting for my younger brother because my parents can't afford it). Again, I'm grateful that they can provide food and shelter for me but what good is the food if it's not healthy for my body and the shelter is surrounded by rick people and me being beyond poor. This makes up 40% of my internal conflict. The other 60% is obviously significant because well... it's another 60% that is leading me towards suicide, but I am a failure when it comes to romance. Any girl I've gone after has rejected me. The most recent one said, "She's too busy for a relationship" but is now dating someone else. Also, I feel like a personal failure. While all my friends are going off to universities, I'm attending a community college(which in no way is bad, but I believe that I have been given all the resources to do my best in high school and I wasted them). Again, this 60% is more significant, but I want to focus on my parents. The big question I have is, what do I do? I am dependent on parents who can't provide even 20% as adequate a life as my peers and their successes are constantly shoved in my face and I feel like crying when I remember my mom telling me she can't even afford groceries for me and then giving me that bitchy look. Like I said, if I get hate, I understand and I'll remove this post, I sound like a bratty poor kid who wants to be rich. Also, I'm not to the point where I'm seriously considering suicide yet but I feel trapped. I don't know what to do with my life. I know I have to study and get a good job so I won't repeat my parents mistakes but until then, it's very difficult for me to face my friends who have giant houses and brand new cars and are enjoying life at their parents expense. Sorry for the long and bratty post and I hope I can get some useful advice. 