Electrodes     in the modern world, there are only some groups that are considered fully human. The rest of us enjoy a world where they can be bought, sold, traded, killed, disposed of. The sick, the young, the outcast, it doesn't seem to be an issue for the individuals in charge of them to kill them with an electric chair, or with shocks from an adhesive electrode.

     I remember looking online and hearing Martin Luther King for the first time saying his dream was for all people to be judged by the content of their character. I guess that one was lost somewhere along the line. According to the people who got me out, I had been in the ward for two days. They spent that time jumping through hoops so I wouldn't get shipped off to the next point in the line. My family worked a lot in mental health, they said they didn't know child concentration camps were still a thing. In Toronto. Given their track record up to that point I didn't believe they were clueless about this prior to seeing me there. As the years went by the opinion never changed.

     I heard you were supposed to see people in a real ward. They told me that they let you have clothes and you got to know whether or not the sun was still there. They let you go out onto a ground floor porch area to smoke too apparently. I never got to see any of that. I didn't know at first why they put a desk under the grate in the ceiling of the cell instead of fixing the shattered lights. Didn't take long to figure out why, though my family never figured out why when I failed to smuggle in a noose instead of throwing it out and thinking something was wrong they instead had me keep it.

     I was sent in because the woman I was sleeping with didn't much appreciate waking up to me in a different room trying to hang myself from a light fixture while fending off everyone who had shown up with her the night before. Very very loudly. This promptly ended in the form of her without missing a beat grabbing my arm and carting me to the ward. Needless to say we didn't see each other all that much after that one.

     It wasn't much of a surprise to anyone that I got sent over; it just didn't seem plausible for the autistic 15 year old coke-head dealing with the loss of about half their family along with the deaths over a few months of the entirety of their friend group to keep it together forever, and it was hard to make a case to support the notion that I was a kid, let alone a normal one as I laid next to a 21-year-old and an empty 40 ounce bottle of vodka. Sure enough I broke, although the doctors weren't very good at fixing it.

     As I sat in the waiting room I essentially went further and further into a state similar to acute psychosis while the woman I spent the past week with coddled me. For the walk I would flinch when she touched me but by the time I got inside I was far enough gone that I could barely register her presence. I got slapped with a wrist tag and sent into an area separated from the other ones with curtains, but I wasn't allowed to close mine. They said it was too much of a risk. The doctors got more snide with me as I grew more unsure of my fate until eventually a special doctor came in to tell me about how wonderful ECT is and how it's just the thing I need. 

     One failed escape attempt later and I'm back on the bed. The doctors weren't saying anything to me anymore, they just looked fairly offended in my general direction. Eventually the doctors allowed me to be seen and I got one last hour there spent with my woman and some food she brought. The hospital's somehow inferior take on hospital food (it was always soup, always looked like brown and green paint mixed together with chunks in it, smelled like fried piss) was the only torture I didn't have to endure; she always bought some and got it sent in to me even if they didn't let her in. Besides the noose and at one point pants one nurse smuggled in for me out of pity, it was the only property I got to keep and the only reason I could be sure the world hadn't secretly ended and I was just trapped by myself.

     Eventually they take us both on a walk to my cell. It was a door on the wall that when you got inside became a wall; you could go in but not out. In the room there was one of the doors on the other side too, only it had a key-card reader. The male nurse after we walked in put his hand on my link to reality's arm and walked her out the other door, opening it with his card. I didn't see her for a while after that.

     He within at most five seconds came back in and closed the door behind him, and it locked. I was 6 foot 2 at the time and I was alone with a guy who must've been over 7 feet tall, hellishly muscular and damned frightening. He told me about the sound proofing and that this place was a waiting zone for the extra crazies who nobody can find any room in any ward for. No trashing, crying, shaking, or breakdowns allowed. They'll be watching me on the camera. I can't leave the waiting area for at least three days. If I give them any problems they'll sedate, restrain and give electric shocks, in that order.

     One failed escape attempt later I'm sitting on the bed in my cell running the phrase, "If you run you will die tired" through my head one more time and a nurse I haven't seen before comes in with three of the same pill. I would've used this as a chance to say, "Better be something fun in there Nurse Ratchet." but I already knew the answer was a definitive no. "We're going to try you on some Chlorpromazine to calm you down, alright?" she looked concerned which to me meant she probably wasn't trying to kill me, so even though I didn't know it was actually three Thorazine pills and they were using the chemical name rather than the popular name so I wouldn't be able to tell what it was, I took them.

     One bottle of anti-psychotics later and I am on both orbiting Venus and considerably more panicked than I was before. Apparently there is no condition that can be relieved with Klonopin, Olanzapine, Thorazine and Loxapine all at extreme doses. I also later learned that the only time consuming 50-100 pills of very hard drugs happens normally is if you're trying to kill yourself.

     So I'm going further and further into a drug induced stupor, but it wasn't like any of the other ones. It basically felt like I was dying, and as it turns out I was actually allergic to every single drug they gave me with the exception of Klonopin, but even if I wasn't the dose I was on and the number of things in my system in tandem with it was getting dangerously close to an overdose. This was not good.

     To make matters worse, at or around this time, another spokesperson for the wondrous world of shock treatment began to periodically come to my cell. I was too drugged to make decisions but I still knew what they were asking me. To make sure it didn't happen despite my mental state I would cut them off by saying, "No" over and over again as soon as it clicked that they were trying to get me to accept shock treatment. I wouldn't stop until they shut the door behind them. I have no idea how many times I actually got it, but there's a lot of holes and a lot of unexplained problems that never went away. I did notice the sides of my forehead were a bit sticky at one point, but I didn't know if it was because of sweat, electrodes that had once been there or if it was just my imagination.

     Eventually one of the nurses opened the door and my only link with sanity left came back in time to see me. She had food again, and although I didn't have lights on my ceiling, or clothes, or blankets, or anything more than a noose a grate a desk and one mattress wrapped in clear plastic, I got to hold her one last time. She even took her phone out and I was able to see clearly again. I got to see more than just black and white blobs and I got to see her face in colour. Eventually a nurse came in and said all visitors needed to leave and she held me until the nurse kicked her out. It was the last time I would see light or color until she returned.

     The time dragged by while the pills piled up. I wasn't doing very good and was just losing touch with reality more and more. After a while I got to see my big brother and my woman again. I just shivered and stared into nothing like I was looking at a point behind them. An arm around me and a kiss brought me into partial consciousness and my brother just standing at the door mortified asked me if I wanted anything in a jittery mutter. I broke down and just yelled, "FREE ME!", over and over again. Eventually I lost the ability to form words and the male nurse who brought me in initially came back and tried to kick everyone out. My brother convinced him not to force them to leave and the wondrous privilege of physically seeing the majority of objects rather than just anything human-sized or bigger was given back to me for a time in the form of multiple lighters and cell phones.

     My brother went out to get more food while the doctors came to dish out yet more pills. In my current mental state and given the volume of chemical in my system by this point, another five or six pills was about all I needed to get shoved off the deep end. Eventually my link with sanity leaves to get a nurse after it's clear she can't physically prevent me from hanging myself off the grate in the ceiling alone and she comes back in with the massive male nurse who promptly puts me back in the bed hands the noose over and leaves. She just stared for a minute, moving back and forth between me with nothing left lying too drugged to do anything to help myself and the noose in her hand the nurse handed her. She started to cry and left. I didn't see her again after that. She took the light with her, and what little one could argue I had was gone.

     After you have enough Thorazine in your system, it starts to feel like you're sinking into yourself, fading out of reality desperately trying to grab onto the remnants of the world around you. It just gets worse the more you panic and you lose yourself more and more. Soon time will disappear and all you have are the scattered memories, trying to put them back together and never quite knowing just what in the fuck happened. Soon the electrodes will come.

     Family coming, people crying, body dying more than you knew it could. They tried to talk to me but anything left was gone. Apparently this was the point at which they agreed that I would either die in the hole like this or find a ticket out by any means possible. They frantically went through the hospital talking to every person who even knew what my face looked like and by the time I managed to start piecing together what was going on around me my clothes and my cigarettes were being brought back to me and everyone was there to get me the fuck out of dodge. The staff weren't pleased to say the least, but getting to smoke a cigarette outside was more than worth their disapproval to say the least.

     The conditions of my release were 8 yellow Loxapine pills a day. It's basically Get-Off-Your-Ass-adone. It makes you really smiley, really hungry, like being on meth and an ungodly volume of pot at the same time. After about a week of this I was hospitalized after all my muscles contracted so much that it created permanent nerve and muscle damage, but at least I got there soon enough for my spine not to snap. They said it was a, "Parkinsonian Symptom of a hyper-extreme allergic reaction to Atypical Anti-Psychotics". I was getting close to overdosing on a drug I was also allergic to. 

     At the time I was on a week's vacation since school was getting a bit crazy. I didn't go back to school that year, but I had managed to get through high school so taking a break wouldn't have put me behind in school for the next few years from then so at least that part worked out. However, this made the depression more of an issue. No meds, no people to talk to, worsening mental state.

     Three suicide attempts minimum a day and a growing suspicion that death is entirely mythical. Apparently taking the generally accepted LD-50 of as many things one can find before falling asleep in a gallows comprised of four nooses just in case is not one of the ways one is able to die. Slowly but surely you can't think or move anymore, you start going blind for longer periods, if more than one person talks at the same time they'd might as well be speaking a foreign language you've never heard of before.

     Every corpse you've ever seen, every knife your dad pulled on you, every death you failed to prevent, every moment in the hole you promised yourself you'd forget keeps flashing back in front of you and it starts to burn. You try blocking it out but you can't and with every face you see or moment you re-live it hurts more and more until it gets too terrible and your brain takes pity upon you in the form of a seizure. No thoughts, just circuit overload.

     In the present day things haven't gotten too much better. I took the ticket into the world that worked for so many clinically insane people before me; academia. If Nietzsche died in the ward and Tesla was as bat-shit as he was I figured delving into the areas where insanity is beneficial would work out. Keep learning and things will work out, if you can't stop thinking about 10 things at once fill up every spot with more and more different stuff and maybe you'll wake up one day to find you have a career.

     This is a pretty dysfunctional strategy as when you take to inventing things based on boring crap no one wants to hear about to get you through the day, it's entirely impossible for anyone to care or understand what you're doing making you feel more useless and retched, no matter how important or how fun to you what you're doing is. You can't stop thinking but you can never open your mouth and soon everyone just leaves you there. All you do now that you can be sure has any purpose is keep going. Keep lying, keep acting, keep moving when things get too close. You need to escape another run through the electrodes.