Nothing left to give.I have been in therapy for years because of my upbringing . My mentally ill and narcissistic mother and alcoholic enabling father gave me a childhood that was so filled with neglect, trauma, and abuse that I developed my own mental illnesses as well as a full fledged personality disorder.

My earliest memory is watching my mom shove my dad to the floor before picking me up and taking me into her bedroom. She locked her bedroom door, held me on her lap, and told me not to worry. My dad was outside the door, screaming at her to let me out, to give me to him. Her response: “I’ll give you one of her fingers.” There was a heavy duty fan with metal blades running and she held an empty cigarette pack against the blades. The noise it made was loud and I remember crying. My dad screamed and the door started rattling from his attempts to break in. My mom turned the fan off but decided  I wasn’t crying loud enough so she pinched my thigh and twisted hard enough for me to scream. By the time my dad broke the door down, I was covered in tears and snot the way only a toddler can be, and my mom was sitting on the edge of the bed smoking and smiling. He checked me over and broke down in tears. My mom looked at him and said, “The nest time you threaten to call the police on me, it won’t be a bluff." My dad moved out the next day. 

My mom moved me around the state dozens of times. We were always on the move so the government couldn’t catch us. She couldn’t hold a job because the FBI had spies everywhere. The only times she was steady was when she was high. I learned young how to clean vomit and blood out of carpet and  was extremely proficient at wrangling addicts out of our apartment by the time I was 10. I had also been in 16 different schools by then. It was my fault though. If an had never been born, the FBI would never have caught up with her and she wouldn’t need to move so much or use heroin to scramble their signal.

It came to a head when I was 12. My mom and her addict lover of the week had gotten into an argument and she ended up slitting her wrists in front of me. I called the police, who took her to a hospital. My grandparents - moms parents – took me in for a few days while she was stabilized. When I visited her in the hospital, my mom cried. She told me she loved me, she never meant to hurt me, that she needed my help. I had to lie to the people who cam by to talk to me. I couldn’t tell them about her friends, the violence I was subjected to, or how she would sometimes have me sit on her friends laps for a fix. If I told the truth, they would take me away and she would kill herself. I didn’t want to be the reason she died, did I? I lied to CPS. I was complicit in falling through the cracks of an agency that was meant to protect me.

I was raped a year later by a “friend” of my mother’s she met in a Christian chat room. He was arrested and she blamed me for ruining her friendship with a “God fearing man who just made a mistake.” I called my dad and asked to live with him. Instead, he moved back in with us.  I started cutting myself to keep from expressing the anger I felt as him for abandoning me and only coming back when the abuse was leveled at me instead.

I met a boy when I was 17 and fell in love. He was a college sophomore and promised that he would take care of me as soon as I graduated high school. I did so and turned down valedictorian because I did not want my mother to make a scene at graduation. I left everything behind and moved in with Dan -not his real name. We were together and things were great. He was very particular about certain things, but living with him was heaven compared to what I was used to. When he asked me to stop college and work so he could finish college because his degree would land him a better paying job than mine, I didn’t think anything of it. He saved me. I would have done anything he asked.

When he got violent, I made excuses. He had never been violent before, and things were stressful for him. This continued for years. I would do or say something he didn’t like and he would shut down. He would go quiet, refuse to talk. When I asked what I did, he would give a non-committal answer. When I ignored his silence, he would explode that I didn’t love him. It was a balancing act to ask  the correct questions the correct amount of times. Anything less than perfection ended with a broken bone or bloody nose. 

I lied to my therapist and psychiatrist throughout this. They knew of my panic attacks, nigh terrors, depression, anxiety, drinking, and self harm.  But I dutifully covered the bruises on my face, neck,  and arms. I was ashamed of my weakness, of falling in love with a man even more violent than my mother. And I still felt indebted to him for getting me away from my family.

I broke last year. I drew a bath, opened a bottle of wine, and swallowed every pill I had. Dan was at work so I had hours before he was due home. Sitting in the hot water, listening to music, and feeling my eyes get heavier is the most at peace I have felt in my life. There was no more fear, pain, doubt,  or dread. Everything was going to be over. I was happy.

Obviously, it did not work. Dan came home early and I was hospitalized. I was medicated, properly diagnosed, and referred to a better more intensive form of therapy. When I got out of the hospital, Dan had ghosted. He had cleared out our apartment of everything except my cat and my clothes. Our joint account and my personal account were emptied. I had nothing. 

It’s been a year. I work as a freelance writer and am  living by myself for the first in my life. I was slowly making progress. I had plans to save up as much money as I could so that I can move to a more rural setting when my lease is up next year. Instead, everything has started exploding. People hate me for my disorder, even without knowing me, even though all of my destructive tendencies are turned inward. My parents are pushing me to contact Dan again and give him another chance. I triggered a friend of mine who in return triggered me into having full flashbacks to Dan. A coworker is angry at me because I was unable to cover an event  so she had to and her writing was panned. I am still in chronic pain from the car accident I was in last year and I am stuck in paperwork hell, even with witnesses, police, and video showing that the other driver was at fault. I have pneumonia and every breath I take hurts. I am still struggling to not binge eat or drink. I am just worn to the core. I have nothing left to give.
I just want to feel that same sense of peace I felt when I knew everything was going to be over. I can’t think of any reason to keep fighting.