I wrote a bunch of different variations of (kind of detailed) suicide notes and pieces about it, read if you want. Writing has helped me calm down a littleNote 1: the philosopher
There really isn’t a point to life. If I spend my entire existence trying to help people, the people I helped will just die off with time. I will die, they will die, and any memory of us will die too. But the earth will go on. Nature will continue, uninterrupted by my demise. Unflinching. The trees will never fear their own mortality. I will rot into their soil and they will grow stronger from my decomposing corpse. 
So why is it that we value human life above all else? Why is your soul worth more than the rabbit under the ferns if you will both be eaten by the same worms, if you will become the same dust? Is it a basic myth that we tell ourselves to justify our violence against other creatures? 
What is the logic of people who think they’ve found their purpose? Do they believe that they will make a lasting difference? A few generations, sure, but nothing lasts. Everything we know today will one day crumble under the feet of new generations, forgotten like the birthdays of extended families.

Note 2: the fml
I’ve been thinking about Andrew a lot lately. Is this how he felt? Is this the fate we left him too?
No, probably not. He had more problems than I do. I just consider suicide after every heartbreak because is living really worth going through this again.  
I don’t want to start over again. I don’t want to start a new life in a new city and make new friends. I never want to fall in love again. I don’t want to feel like this when it all falls apart. I don’t want to feel this pain again.
I know you’re saying that my life won’t fall apart like this again, but you’re wrong. It’s happened before. I fuck up the same way every time and I can’t stop. I’m lucky if someone stays my friend for a few months at this point. 
I can’t handle the cycles of my own life. I probably need to be medicated, institutionalized, lobotomized for my own good. 
I’ve craved death for a long time and I don’t know what’s different about now. Maybe I’m getting weaker with age. Oh well. 

Note 3: the bae
Justin,
Im sorry.
I don’t want you to think this was your fault.
It wasn’t.
I love you. 
I loved you. 
But I fucked up. I fucked everything up like I always do and I can’t live with myself knowing that. I want you to be happy. Forget about me. Please. 
This is the third time I’ve tried writing this note, but it’s the only one addressed to you. I was trying to pretend that you weren’t the most important thing in my life when I was writing those and it just felt wrong. 
So I have to write to you. 
Just you.
The plane tickets I bought for this summer in Europe are in my name, but I want you to take them. Go for me. Ask my dad for my laptop and everything should still be logged in for you. The password is ********. I didn’t want to see the world alone anyways.
While you’re in my email, please email Kathy ***** and let her know what has happened. She is a good friend of mine and I don’t want her to think I am ignoring her. She does not deserve that. 
You can have whatever you want from my stuff, just please make sure that my great grandmother’s wedding ring makes it back to my mom. It’s in the jewelry box next to my bed. 
Your shirts should be in my laundry bin. They’re clean but I couldn’t keep looking at them, so they’re there. 
I’m sorry to leave you with this. You shouldn’t be responsible for me anymore but I’m afraid you’re the only person I trust to do it. 
I don’t know when exactly I’ll do it yet. I was planning on jumping off of the bridge when I’m in San Francisco but it would cost my family a lot to ship my body home once it’s found. Maybe I’ll ******** or ******* myself to death. We’ll see. 
I should have talked to you when we were together but I just brushed our problems under the rug like they never even existed. I guess that was my biggest mistake. I’m sorry that I hurt you that way, I should have been there for you. I should have been by your side. I wish you could know the real me. I spent so much time trying to pretend I was normal so that you might be able to love me that I never really got to know you either. I guess, if you want, you can read my journals and letters. All they will tell you is that I have been very, very sad for a long time. 
Please know that this wasn’t your fault. You did what you thought was best for you and that’s exactly what you should have done. I was not good for you. 
Give your cats some pats for me. 
Until we meet again,

Note 4: the formal apology 
This is not your fault. This is not anyone’s fault but my own. I wasn’t strong enough to handle the things that I brought onto myself, even with all of the help in the world. 
I am sorry to put my friends and family through what I know is to come of this, but I hope they all understand that this is for the best. 
Layla, Chris,... I am sorry to put you through this again. No one should have to face that kind of loss, but I am unable to handle myself. I have no will to live to see another day, another sunset, another first kiss. The light does not outweigh the dark in my life, and if the same is true in your own life, I hope that you are stronger than I have been. 
The people I once thought to be my friends no longer care to say hello to me in passing. Many of the people who I once loved and called my friends distrust and, in some cases, despise me. It hurts me to remember what once was, knowing that the loss of the things that once made my life live-able has resulted from my own actions. I have tried to be better but I have failed.
Mom, Dad... I am sorry that you have to burry a child and I am sorry that I will not live long enough to make you as proud as I has once hoped I would. Now, at least, you can worry about yourselves and find happiness. I am also sorry for the people that helped raise me, the family members and teachers and neighbors with whom I was extraordinarily close. I hope they know that they have not failed me, but I them. 
I apologize the most for the friends I rarely see. My penn pals, my long time no sees. They will wonder where I have gone. Someone who has access to my laptop, please let Kathy **** know what has happened to me. Her email should be in a folder labeled pen pals. She is a good friend, and has been for many years, and I do not want her to think that I have left her. She does not deserve that. 
On the other hand, please do not idolize this. I was hated by many, disliked by even more. Please do not allow those who belittled, attacked and degraded me use my death as a tool for dealing with their fears of their own mortalities. If they did not already know that this was coming, they were not a friend. I am not asking for blame because that will just be more painful, but please, don’t lie to make yourselves feel better about this. Come to terms with yourselves. If you must blame someone, blame me. If you want to blame truthfully, blame society.  
Those friends who knew this was coming will probably be hit the hardest. I am sorry. There is nothing that they could’ve done. I have struggled with depression for many years. I began self harming in elementary school, more notably as I grew older. I have abused drugs and alcohol and men for years in order to deal with my emotional issues. To those I have caused suffering in trying to deal with this— Anthony, Justin— I am, again, sorry. Although I have tried to hide the issues in my life from those around me, it has become increasingly difficult for me, so it is likely that you suspected this. I don’t need to list every terrible thing that has ever happened to me to justify my choices— many of you already know— and if I did do so it would likely be seen as manipulative. Yes, I have sought out psychiatric help and therapy, I’ve tried every outlet for my emotions... art, writing, music, sports, sex, drugs, love... and it has been ineffective. I have developed digestion and joint issues as a result of my stress. I often cry so hard that I throw up. Although I have been very happy, I am more often than not very, very sad. 
There are some people who chose to abandon me even knowing that this was coming, some of which I know care very much about me and are trying to help themselves. I am sorry to have pushed you away. I would have liked very much for our relationships to have ended on a higher note. 
I am disappointed in myself and my actions throughout my lifetime and have come to realize that no number of good deeds will have me forget this. I have been a bad granddaughter, a bad student, a bad peer, a bad friend, and a bad girlfriend. I realize now that my past cannot be shaken. It seems that journalism, the only thing I truly thrived in, brought only more unhappiness to my social standing despite my love for it. This letter is probably my least edited piece of writing. 
This looks much more like an apology than what it truly is, but that is because suicide is often miscommunicated. I am not doing this because of my last heart break or a bad grade or anything so trivial. I do not want anyone to be blamed for this, I did everything I could to make sure no one would be able to stop me. Please do not say I had a bright future ahead of me— those who have known me well know that this is the only ending I have available to myself, it was just a matter of when. It could’ve been twenty years from now, but I would have just suffered longer.
Although there are people to whom I would like to write individually, I have chosen not to do so to spare their psyches. I don’t want to pour my heart out when it wouldn’t change anything. I know this because, in the most relevant cases, I already have. If they want to hear from me again, give them my rough drafts and my journals. There is enough for another 20 years of conversation with me, at least. 
I have contemplated this for many years and I am sorry to leave you all with this emotional burden. 
I wish you the best,

Note 5: pov
I am standing on the San Francisco Bay bridge and I will not survive my jump. 
Tomorrow, or maybe next week depending on the tides, they will find my body on the rocky shoreline.  My white lace dress will be heavy with cold Pacific water and my skin will be marked with scratches from the sea floor. Maybe my eyes will have rotted out by then, or have been taken by seagulls. I may not look like myself, but myself is not happy and I will be happy.
I am in the city for a convention. I tell my roommates that I am leaving to take photos of the sun over the Bay. I will not come back.
Although I look very put together on the convention floor, my friends at home know that I am not. If they haven’t already accepted it, they have a feeling in the back of their mind that I will not be coming home.    




