My journey in the timeline.I used to listen to metal music whenever my anxiety got too bad too handle, but generally I felt depressed as fuck like I have always been for years. It's been almost a lifelong battle just not to die from myself, pretty much to the point it was a part of who I am. And I never understood why. It was an outside force, always pumping me with negativity and self hatred constantly with no way to fucking fight back. That's no way to fucking live if you can manage to. I couldn't ever live but i was still in the world as a dead shell. Untill the outside force decided it was going to try to take over recently. Everything I fucking looked at or thought about instantly turned into a loop of anxiety, and nausea. And every moment I wasn't overthinking my mind would attack me telling me I'm the most vile fucking shit. As i sit, taking it all in, through all drugs, meds, love. I couldn't even use my own fucking brain to think conciously because the anxiety would over take it all. A pure suffering way stronger than ever. I put on my playlist and just thought about everything about the existence of people and the world and our souls and emotions. I've always really believed everything that happens is meant to happen to set the next thing in motion. You can make small decisions to slightly alter those things in motion but ultimately everything big is fate. And I've always wanted and waited, for almost 4 years and what feels like a lifetime, for what was my fate past all of this suffering. And what ever was attacking me definitely definitely wanted me dead and at this point I knew suicide wasn't what was supposed to ultimately happen. But I still really felt like this depression is a part of who I am. But things started to hit me. Life is a single, big, timeline. Even though we fall asleep, every single (day)is all completely connected as a timeline, even every person is connected. How people treat people affect how people treat other people, themselves, and then to others, etc. There is only going to ever be a single Today, March 21st 2019. There is ever only going to be so many, certain days before the world dies that is already all planned out. We are all supposed to be here on this day in the state we are. What is my future supposed to be? No fucking doubt I could live any longer like this. But also, Life, is just a body, that you're using. The entire existence of the world is the view and perception of a person. My world was more suffering and pain than I could ever imagine possible. But even though every day is connected it's still past and you will never fucking live it again and you only have the future to live untill your part in the timeline is finished. And I was fucking SO TIRED of all the pain and suffering. But it still felt a part of who I am. Because all of that shit heavily affects who I am, and it's all a timeline and fate anyway, everything was supposed to happen to lead up to this moment. it's ALL for a reason for whatever the fuck is supposed to happen in this one timeline, one universe. But whatever the reason, it's all in past and really made me determined as fuck as a person, but always for being determined to darkness. And death. I've had countless moments where I thought I finally had a break through and could convince myself to heal. But it all fucking hit me. I felt a shift in my whole body. There is no healing, there is no trying to block it out or run away. It's who the fuck I am. It was all supposed to happen. I've felt such a fire in my fucking heart for so long, I've felt like I'm completely nothing, literally living third person in this world. I've had to look suicide and death straight in the face. I've hated myself more than I've ever hated anything EVER. When you go through that kind of shit, for a long fucking time, don't really understand why, like it's a part of you, and you start to think positive, like really start to feel happy, there's nothing, absolutely NO force that that can scare/stop you unless you die or the anxiety took you over again. It's a type of body fuel. A strength, a demon. That you have to be able to control, or it will take over. You have to have a balance. Just having "positive thinking" feels fake as fuck. Because the world isn't positive. The world isn't nice, and the world isn't fun. And no person can live their ENTIRE life in suffering if they have the choice to end it in any way. There has to be good moments. But ultimately, it's a timeline and it's fate. And it was time, after my whole life so far, for my body to take what life had given me in my timeline, take all that infinite strength and power, smelted into my fucking soul and heart, and fight, push, and live out whats supposed to be in the rest of my part in the time line. Good line I stole to better summarize, it's time to hold on to letting go. There is no anxiety. There is no worry. There is no question. There is no wonder. There is only living through the timeline. And I finally, after 19 years, know who the fuck I am and my place in the timeline. All anxiety is gone. All the self hatred, overthinking, hating, pain, giving a fuck what people think about me, is released and all I feel is fucking invicible. I can't worry. It doesn't change the fate and the days set to happen. It doesn't change anything. I don't know if this is the break through every truly depressed person has to have to live their true form or if this is entirely just my mind, or if it's just all fucking fake and it's just my perception but my perception is my entire existence of the world, so really all of it is real. In my world. Most guys can out match my physical strength, but not one soul can match my mental strength. Which was all supposed to be here, right now, in this moment, after living my whole entire life. And it's. Finally. Fucking. Time. 
I have truly been (re)born into the world for the first time. 
I love life.
I had to release all of this from mind to SOMEONE who would see it, so I can my final push away from all this shit.

"It's over, no longer, I feel it growing colder. 
I knew this day would come to end, so let this life begin.
Why give up ? Why give in? It's not enough. It never is. So I will go on untill the end."