Repost from /r/depression: I'm only 16Yes I'm only a 16 year old guy. But before you start judging me, please just hear me out. I need to vent, but more than that - I need help. 

I'm not even sure this post goes here but I didn't find any other sub- that was even closely related to help me through this.

There are always going to be people with cases worse than mine but they stay strong and I'm just going to that I'm not them. I'm a weak, pathetic, lonely person who can't even decide his own gender. I realized long ago that men sexually appealed to me a lot too but just because of the stigma associated with being bi- or gay, I've never opened up to anyone. I've never even had a real friend in life. There's a ton of people around me everyday but not one of them I can trust. Not one person. The stories that I read about friendship and such, talked how important a friend, how they pull you up, etc. But now when I look at my life - I haven't had one friend like that. Ever. It has got to be me then, right? It isn't possible for everyone in my life, including my parents to push me away in such a manner, unless there is something wrong with me itself, right?

Till a few years ago I was great at school. My grades were high, I was a fantastic lawn tennis player, I even had someone to love. Yes, you'll now go ahead and call this 'just another teenage crush' and nothing more than puppy love. But have you ever felt love so strong for a person that you just know that she's your significant other? Don't say that I'm 16 and I have a life ahead of me and many other girls will come. I know that there won't be anyone else. It was only after her that my life came crashing down. My views on my gender changed, my grades went lower than the Mariana Trench and I started becoming really philosophical. Even today, 2 years after her, I think about her everyday. But you know what I spend more time thinking about? The futility of life. How each one of us tries to pretend that we're supreme and live life like we are the Kings of everything that has existed, everything that exists and everything that shall. And then Death just swoops in and vanquishes us from the face of Earth. How we care about things that have no value at all and how we've deeply we've tumbled into the pits of stupidity. How today, we care more about appearances. And don't give a shit about the real people behind the faces that we see everyday. How emotion has lost all value and something as sacred and spiritual as love is treated as a common plaything. And that's what gets to me. I hate humans. And everything that we stand for today. There was once a time when humans used to strive for excellence, look for new things, discover ourselves. But now? It's all just farce. Money is what drives everything. Looks are what run everything. It just hurts me to see how low the standard of humanity has dropped so low. Kings? We are the Kings of Nothing.

You'll probably be thinking about what my parents think of me now. They are amazing people and I have nothing against them. In fact, they had difficulties worse than mine but they never stopped loving me. But they just aren't capable of thinking emotionally or otherwise to such an extent. They don't understand me anymore and I too have stopped trying to make them understand. Our relationship now is merely like a symbiotic one where I'm living off them for the time-being. Other than my parents too, no one around me respects emotions to such an extent.  Whenever I open up to anyone they just go ahead and say "Don't take life so seriously" and "Just live life and be happy". I am reminded each time that this happens, how blissful ignorance is.

I've always wanted to be astronaut, you know. In my opinion, there is no other thing that humans can do that is even significant. We were meant to be explorers. Wanderers. Curious travelers. I bet you can't look me in the eye and tell me that we stand for even half of that today. And being an astronaut has always meant doing the work of humanity for me. But then recently, with the futility of life playing through my mind again and again, my love for exploring waned and almost died.

A few months ago, I tried to rid myself of all emotions itself. And the best part is that I've been successful to a great extent too. Today, at this very moment, if half the people I know are to die - it won't affect me. Yes, it'll be a pity that some of them had to go so soon. But it won't hurt me anymore, you know. That's who I am today. I've made myself like this because I know that they would feel the same if I were to go. I don't matter, ergo, they don't either.

Today I had an outburst which is what made me decide that I needed to talk to someone. We had to prepare a speech and the topic I chose was friendship. We had to talk about true friendship with reference to the Merchant of Venice. I didn't have much time and I didn't take the assignment too seriously and ended up scouring the internet at 2am for a paragraph on true friendship and then one on the emotion of friendship in the play. I wanted to write a speech myself but had to just go ahead with the internet one simply because I didn't have enough time. And you know what? I fucking hated what I was going to say. Why? Because I didn't agree with even one sentence of what I was about to say. I don't even believe in true friendship. It's just a figment of our imagination, an ideal that we can only strive to achieve but never even come close to. And something snapped in me three sentences into the speech. I suddenly said "You know what? True friendship? It's non-existent". I went on to say how people had quantified real friendship as being gay. How people had ripped out emotions completely from their lives. It ended up being more creepy and weird than thought-provoking. It wasn't what I wanted to tell everyone. But it was close. This ended up spreading like wildfire, and everyone thinks I'm a weirdo now. But if you've properly read this post - it should be kind of obvious. It doesn't matter to me what other people think of me. I'm beyond that.

I've reached a point where my grades are insignificant for me. In fact, there is nothing that I find myself aiming for. Nothing I find myself hoping for.

I want to die.