I think I'm forced to kill myself due to my bad behaviorI had a mental breakdown a year ago. I used to smoke way too much weed and cigarettes and I ate extremely unhealthy too for 9 years. On top of that I had just lived life without thinking clearly and just lived in the moment. I became suicidal. My mind was set on killing myself. 

Then I contact my ex. In some random, dumb, depressed, idiotic, life-ruining impulse I made a new account and wrote extremely suicidal texts to her. She said she had improved a lot and I said. 'Fuck improving. I'm done with life. Pointless bullshit anyway. You still want my cat?'...

After that she got angry. I start to explain it. She engages, but then blocks me. This happens like 8 times. After a while she says 'you didn't change a bit and only went backwards'. Then I reply that I did change because I hit the gym 6 times per week, eat extremely healthy, quit smoking, graduated and starting my career. That's her cue to explode. She writes an extremely mean message filled with hate, disdain and degrading stuff. 'You'll never learn how to live your life' 'Loser' 'Whiner' 'This is the same irrational behavior as at that concert when you were arguing with random ppl'...

Then it becomes chaos in my head. It was already chaos, but after that it just went overboard. I hate those insults so much. They repeat in my head all the time. I can't cope with it. I'm too emotionally weak already. I struggled to recover from my suicidal thoughts and this on top of it was too much. 'You'll never learn how to live your life'... Constantly repeating in my head. 

I fucking HATED her! She was 8 years older and came into my life and I never asked for it and then she can't even bring herself to end it without a bunch of insults that are so toxic for my mental health at that time! So I was fucking angry and wrote insulting messages back in the beginning. 

After that I changed though. I started to realize that I was in the wrong. I changed my tone and began explaining all the time. Begging to talk it out. I did this for like 4 to 5 months because I couldn't think of anything else. In the end I wrote an extremely personal e-mail to her workmail that got forwarded to her co-workers in which I called myself a piece of shit and more dramatic stuff 😓 I fully took the blame in that one. I still had one weak moment and wrote a message to her LinkedIn and that was it. 

I hate myself. I can't believe that this has happened. I hate that this is part of my life story. I feel like I should kill myself. What the fuck??? Those messages are also black on white. They won't disappear. She can expose me 10 years from now. I've officially ruined my life by being a crazy, deranged and idiotic stalker because I couldn't deal with those insults.