"Maladaptive Daydreaming" is hurting me mentally and physically..I am not for sure "Diagnosed" with Maladaptive daydreaming. But I was searching what I do, and that's all that showed up. Basically, It all started when I was 10/11. Me and my cousin, we would look people up on google and say "Pretend I'm him" No, we didn't catfish. We would take our imagination and imagine each other and ourselves as the people we wanted to be. We had many characters. With names, age, personality, We'd even tell each other what they were wearing. I thought this was just us being kids with a big imagination.. But now, I am 18 years old. (Male, by the way) and all I do Is escape from the world and day dream. It's gotten *so* bad. that when I look at myself in the mirror and I see I am not my day dream character. I cry for hours on end. I have a girlfriend and she does not know about this. Nobody does. Just me. I don't even think my cousin knows what we are doing..or, what we have. I'm always told "You're cute" or "Youre hot." or "You're adorable and funny" But you see, I feel I am none of those things. But when I'm imagining myself as my character, I feel confident and amazing. But when I look in the mirror and I see myself..Tears.. Most people said Maladaptive daydreaming was great. It meant you had a really smart and creative mind. But it's gotten so horrible, I refuse to hang out with friends. Talking on the phone for more than 30 minutes angers me. Because all I want to do is stare around my room and imagine these scenes with my character. It's began to make me very anti-social. and the only person I care to be around, who does not make me angry when they talk too much is my cousin. Because he does it too. I have really bad anxiety from when I was a child..I was bullied and abused by my family and kids at school always known as the "Emo kid" and though a lot of people wanted to be my friend, I pushed them away. I have Borderline Personality Disorder as well. But that just makes me very angry, sad, and sexual. All of which is horrible. I always feel better when I throw things and scream at people, or I have unprotected sex. and when I'm sad I hurt myself. but I'm NOT going into too much detail about that. *none* of these things are good for me. But now I feel like I've diagnosed myself with Maladaptive Daydreaming. and It started so early..I never thought much of it because I was younger. But now I stay up for hours at night crying my eyes out because I'm not who I want to be. I cant stand the fact I am me. I am Max. I want to be somebody else. my character. It's gotten so bad i'm sure its made me crazy. I was up for 3 days straight, on my laptop the whole time, and I had finally gotten some sleep, woke up and went to my history.. "If I kill myself will I come back as somebody else?" I'm actually not sure if this is MD or I'm just mental.. (no offense if saying mental was offensive I'm sorry!) But something is wrong with me and it's killing me on the inside because my outside don't look like how my mind imagines it all day. the only time I am myself is when people talk to me..Just to be clear..I talk to myself and answer myself at times too. I will pace back and forth, one minute I'm the main character the next I'm his friend. I'm scared of myself and I've even written something and one of the sentences is "I know I will kill myself one day because I will never be who I want to be. I just know I will..and it sucks to know that in a few years I will no longer be here..might as well enjoy my life while I still have it"
I don't remember writing that but it's my hand writing. Everybody I asked said maladaptive daydreaming and I have all symptoms.. I just need somebody to talk to about this..Please no mean comments..I've been afraid to post on here for awhile and just now getting the courage to..