It's time to goSo, yeah, stumbled upon this subreddit and I wasn't really aware that such place exist. I'm not really familiar with the idea of this sub, and actually never had account on reddit, but since I have noone to confess to, I think I can possibly use this sub to vent out. 

I don't want to add any drama to this post, cause I am perfectly aware of the fact that noone will do anything more than write some useless cheer up post which in the end won't make any difference whatsoever, I guess you can't help in suicide thoughts using emergency help -&gt; these things will most likely strike back like uncureable disease. 

So, yeah. Standard, one-time conversation won't make much of a difference, but that's not why I'm here. 

I just received a package with 1g of sodium cyanide, ordered from the shop which is primarily supplying laboratories. It's quite easy to obtain cyanide salt in my country, basically there are no law restrictions, the only thing you have to do is supply some statement describing the declaration of use - made some shit up, they gave it a green light. 

So, the decision has been made, it's now only a matter of the timing and the actual method. So basically, I gave myself about a month, should be ok with cyanide salt which is in the tiny phial. 

Than the place, I've been studying medical documentations concerning acute cyanide poisoning in suicidal attempts, one thing I know for sure is that I have to make sure I won't mess this up, if I do, I will face inevitable medical consequences, the state called cyanide-induced parkinsonism, which is pretty much uncureable, the state which will last forever. 

Than the place, I'm thinking of some hotel, will likely opt to that. At least, someone will find my corpse, if I'd make it in my apartment knowing the fact that noone gives a shit whether I'm alive or not, noone would probably find me. 

I need at least 1,5 hours to make sure, I won't be rescued, that's said - accordingly to so many cases I found in documentation, it's the time needed for cyanide salts ingested to block enough amount of the enzyme cytochrome c oxidase, so that it would lead to brain death - effectively saying, I'll be pronounced dead, even if my heart won't stop. 

Actually, I'm quite tired to write about my personal life, but I'm sure I will have occasion to treat this post like a kind of a last blog of pending suicide, so maybe will give an update, if anyone's bothered. 