I don't deserve to live.I'll try to keep this short. Additionally, I'll try to answer whatever questions people may ask.

When I was 19, I came out to my father. He was an extremely Right-Wing christian who was also a major homophobe. I waited until after I moved out, had my own place, and a good-paying job alongside college, in case it went wrong.

He said horrible things, disowned me, and told me to never contact him again.

The sting was pretty bad, as he was pretty much the only immediate family member I had, but since I had the job and home to fall back on, plus some good friends, the sadness went away fairly quickly and I picked up the pieces and began holding my head up high.

Earlier this year, after four years of no contact with that man, I was home on my day off when the doorbell rang. When I went to answer it, guess who it was?

It was my father.

I immediately felt a surge of rage and hatred towards him engulf me like a tsunami, but I decided to ask him what he wanted first. He told me that he came to apologize to me, had realized that he couldn't change me, how wrong he was to cut me out of his life, was proud to have me as a son, really missed having me back in his life, and really wanted to make amends with me.

My dad was a bit teary-eyed while explaining the situation and his apology seemed very heartfelt and sincere, but I let my anger get the best of me. I could see no further than the homophobic Right-Wing extremist who was more than willing to cut his own flesh and blood out of his life. I wanted to hurt him just as much as he hurt me.

"Fuck you, you motherfucking asshole," were my exact words to him. Then, I slammed the door in his face as hard as I could.

As I walked away, I couldn't help but glance out the window. He was standing on my doorstep looking absolutely crushed, like someone had ripped his heart out of his chest and destroyed it. Slowly, he turned and walked towards his car. I thought 'Good. Let him feel the hurt and pain he caused me."

I went on with my day normally. Then, later that night, I got the phone call.

My dad had shot himself.

I couldn't believe it. I simply couldn't believe it. I just broke down crying. I had one chance to get my dad back into my life, but I squandered it in the worst way possible. I let my anger cloud my judgment.

As it turns out, my dad had been suffering from a number of "mental and emotional problems" (that's all I was told). It turned out that it was guilt, remorse, and shame for rejecting me that was causing it. I know in my heart that my rejecting of him pushed him over the edge.

Very few people know about my rejecting of him (his note didn't allude to that) and those who do are pretty understanding and keep telling me stuff like, "you were angry," "sometimes we let our anger get the best of us," "you didn't know about your dad's problems," and stuff like that. They are not being of much help, though.

I feel like a murderer and I am seriously contemplating taking my own life as well. So what if I hurt a few people in the process? Better than having to live with this bone-crushing guilt.

I feel like I don't deserve to live.

TL;DR: Dad disowns me when I come out. Four years later, he tries to apologize. I nastily reject him. He kills himself.