i think i'll kill myself if i dont get this jobas the title says, i think ill kill myself if i get denied this job. my life is very shit. nobody loves me, i dont love anybody, i have close no 0 friends, most are probably fake. im disabled, but not disabled enough for anyone to care. i have nothing in this life, maybe the next, if it exists, has more. i just want to be happy. i want to live. i want to do shit and see shit and be rich and drive a nice car and a nice house etc. none of that will happen if i dont get this job. let me explain. im 17, stuck and shitty old 6th form, the most depressing place in my life, after my own home. if i get this apprenticeship, ill earn £20k a year. enough for me to move the fuck out of this hell and start brand new. if not, i'll have exhausted every last opportunity in my hellhole that i call 'life'. ill be stuck with a family that hates me, with 'friends' that hate me, with a life that continuously wants to bend me over and fuck me. i fucking hate my fucking life. i just hope i get this job. my life hangs in the balance of that one single email. one single email will change the course of my future. let me explain. i want to live. i want to be happy. but for me its impossible. im like 70% sure i exhibit strong sociopathic tendencies. i have close to 0 emotion, other than hate, anger, rage, sadness, sorrow, oh did i mention anger. i am angry. fucking hell im angry. let me explain. i want to die. i want to. i have constant anger migraines. paracetamol can only help to a point. oh i think paracetamol makes up about 90% of the reason im still alive. i love those little white tables more than i love my entire existence. no im not an addict. maybe i am. do you know what i mean? like i want to live, but nobody gives a shit. not even me. i dont care about my life. i started cutting a few months ago and stopped after a few days, because i wear t shirts a lot and dont want to show my cuts. jesus christ that was the happiest ive been in 17 yearrs of my worthless, meaningless, shitty, inconsequential, trash existence. i think i love the knife more than i do the tablets. pure fucking joy, for the first time ever. i was smiling like a madman when i cut myself. fuck i want to do it again. until i get the confirmation for this job, para and the knife will fuel me. maybe not the knife, because of the marks. do you know what that feels like? feeling like a waste of oxygen? fucking hell im a waste. of life, oxygen, everything. can you imagine, if a different sperm had fertilised a different egg, i could have been a prime minister. i could have been the doctor to solve cancer. i could have been the scientist to crack time travel. instead, im this. this waste of human life. fuck i just want to die. man it fucking hurts like shit. please read this. please please please. i need help. i need someone to tell me its worth it. before i get the email back saying i dont have the apprenticeship. i know i dont have it. who wants to hire me? the waste of human existence. please help. if i dont get this apprenticeship, i will buy a noose. or i will stab myself in the jugular. or i will go the the train tracks outside my house and fall asleep with my head on the track. fuck im selfish. but fuck i want to live. i want all of life to be mine. i want to see everything in life. i want it. i dont want to be stuck here. please help me.