Being ugly ruined my life...just need the courage to do the inevitable...I don't know where to start just...well I'm a 6 foot tall veryI don't know where to start just...well I'm a 6 foot tall very slender male aged 26 (some say I look 21 and others say 30 :/)and recently Iv realised more than ever that I'm just simply too ugly to get girls at all....iv never kissed or talked to girls nor will I ever. people who say 'you need to get yourself out there' don't understand that ugly people like myself will get rejected over and over and over and over again, I mean, it's not impossible but it's damn near next to it when you are ugly, simple as that. my friends go out bring girls home and have hot gfs and I'll admit it hurts badly sometimes because I'm too ugly for that and they know I am, they all go out look good etc but I can't so I stay in drinking and playing my ps4 coz if I go out I'll just get ridiculed and treated like shit. I see nice girls and they just give me disgusted looks, like last night I plucked up the courage to actually go to the shop (I'm a huge hermit) and on my way back these 5 girls crossing the road towards me were like 'yuk nooo, he's minging' and when I looked them they snarled me. Good looking guys have life on easy mode, ugly guys have it on veteran, Men need to be the 6'2" channing Tatum chiselled hunk and not even the tan short of it, there is only 1 perfect man, but below average/average girls can wear makeup to look above average and will have guys who are turned on by them. Since 2013 Iv attempted suicide 4 times (Iv had enough) but even that's too hard to do. It's made me so self consciously ugly that I lost my job in November last year (bar job) because I was too scared to go back in and face it (+ the good looking guys get treated soooo much better) and now Iv accepted that ima die a virgin and alone so I just drink alot of scotch and smoke alot of weed, what's the point. Anyways thanks for reading : ) and sorry for the rant just wanted to get it off my chest I suppose slender male aged 26 (some say I look 21 and others say 30 :/)and recently Iv realised more than ever that I'm just simply too ugly to get girls at all....iv never kissed or talked to girls nor will I ever. people who say 'you need to get yourself out there' don't understand that ugly people like myself will get rejected over and over and over and over again, I mean, it's not impossible but it's damn near next to it when you are ugly, simple as that. my friends go out bring girls home and have hot gfs and I'll admit it hurts badly sometimes because I'm too ugly for that and they know I am, they all go out look good etc but I can't so I stay in drinking and playing my ps4 coz if I go out I'll just get ridiculed and treated like shit. I see nice girls and they just give me disgusted looks, like last night I plucked up the courage to actually go to the shop (I'm a huge hermit) and on my way back these 5 girls crossing the road towards me were like 'yuk nooo, he's minging' and when I looked them they snarled me. Good looking guys have life on easy mode, ugly guys have it on veteran, Men need to be the 6'2" channing Tatum chiselled hunk and not even the tan short of it, there is only 1 perfect man, but below average/average girls can wear makeup to look above average and will have guys who are turned on by them. Since 2013 Iv attempted suicide 4 times (Iv had enough) but even that's too hard to do. It's made me so self consciously ugly that I lost my job in November last year (bar job) because I was too scared to go back in and face it (+ the good looking guys get treated soooo much better) and now Iv accepted that ima die a virgin and alone so I just drink alot of scotch and smoke alot of weed, what's the point. Anyways thanks for reading : ) and sorry for the rant just wanted to get it off my chest I suppose
Edit: pics of me are on my account questions if you need to see