Basic life experiences are evidence that suicide is a rational option
At 13, I learned the first way in which life sucks. In which it is unpredictable, scary, out of my control, unfair, and majorly miserable. Thirteen year old boys who creepily harass you for two years will teach you that. I could say that this is some right of passage for every young girl going through puberty, unaware of ones place in life. But, middle school proved the first way in which life felt wrong: as a girl, you will be harassed, and this will be a burden only of your own with not many consequences for the abuser most of the time. 

I wasn’t necessarily abused. I wasn’t raped or touched really. One incident I can think of is a guy grabbed my butt in 8th grade and then him and his friends bullied me on my little ig account and I told them it was harassment and they said it wasn’t and I cried myself to sleep and never told anyone. This is a small incident, I know. I wasn’t necessarily traumatized in a sexually abused way, but I felt that I had learned a little bit about my place in the world and it did shock me and hurt me. Maybe because I was naive for my age. Maybe because I’d seen it happen to so many others girl my age in middle school too. Some incidents were worse for them and it just made me sick. And it was all ok. 
But I can’t hold 13 year olds accountable forever. I’m not seeking that. I wouldn’t want to speak to these now my-age year olds and tell them how much it hurt. I wouldn’t expect anything. It wasn’t even about them. It’s just that this was the first time I felt I’d lost a little bit of trust in the amazement I had of life. And I truly was filled with amazement about life in middle school. 

In my freshman year of high school, I made a really great group of friends. And we had a lot of fun and I continue being friends with them to this day (even if the concept is a bit distorted now). But, as I look back I feel I have overhyped this sense of belonging. I remember being very full of myself. I was always thinking about being the best among the group. The one that makes everyone laugh. And I was a lot of the time. I just knew that I was doing it in a very unnatural way. I feel that this was the first time I played the charismatic character I was for a long time throughout high school. It is a character I have distanced from and have become tired of performing. But, I also miss the person I was and I also know I can never be more than a shell of what my 14 year old self was. You can’t get back that wonder when you continue learning more about life. 

In my sophomore year, I became very depressed. Friend groups had been split up and I happened to share classes with one of my “friends” who was very manipulative and scary. They probably didn’t know how bad it actually affected me, considering I’ve never been the confrontational type. It was pretty bad for me at the time though. It felt very similar to my relationship with my mom at the time. I definitely see why my mom is the way she is though and I will always have empathy for her. But, the similarities were that both my mom and my friend were very capable of causing numerous anxiety attacks for me. I don’t know if this is what it really was, anxiety attacks, but basically they made me feel very nervous and depressed. They would get mad really randomly and just not speak to me. Sometimes, when they would speak, it was to tell others my stories with grandiose focus on how the things that happened made me a fuckup in some way. For example, “She can’t even drink caffeine without saying ‘I feel sick I feel sick’” and having everyone laugh when I didn’t feel like it was funny. It was like every thing I said became a joke for them to tell, to make themselves look better in some way. And I could tell that’s what was happening at the time, I just didn’t know how to do anything about it. Realistically, I could confront them and tell them how bad they were making me feel and ask them why they would say things like this. But, I was so depressed and I wasn’t ever confrontational in my life so instead I just continued miserably. The worst part was that sometimes they were genuinely nice to me and it made me really think we were good friends. And so when they would put me down, sometimes I would believe it. I mean I would tell people I didn’t believe it (people would see how bad they actually treated me) and that I was fine and laugh nervously every time they wanted to bring up how stupid I was as a conversation topic. But even to this day, I find myself always believing what people tell me, even if these people shouldn’t matter to me. So, this was another one of those things where you push through at the time and then realize that the way in which you handled it actually contributed to the shell of a person you are now. Because yes, I got through that, but it involved me going to the bathroom really frequently throughout the school day to cry and punch myself in the legs really hard. Almost everyday I remember coming home and just laying on my floor and crying in this very reaching-for-air way. Like, an anxiety attack? I don’t know. And we’re still greaaat friends now. Yea.. so what I learned from that was that I’m a pushover. That I am always going to be a person who will sink into the ocean before bothering someone on a boat to help me. And that there are so many like me out there. And that I’m easily affected by other people. It makes me feel very weak that this person is still my “friend”. I mean they’re a lot better now and more mature. 

The point of this story is not to try and seek revenge or prove something. I have empathy for the people who put me through shit because I understand that no one really cares about me personally. I just happened to be there, I happened to be weak enough, I happened to stay quiet, and these people happened to be going through their own shit and they couldn’t care less if their shit railed over my subconscious. Most people don’t know what they’re doing when this happens. They don’t know how they can affect people. And that is overall what I’ve learned from my childhood or my youthfulness. I miss when these things just happened and I didn’t have to repeat them in my head and what they mean for the years to come. Because it’s created me, a shell of that person, without the blindness, without the naivety, without the fucking deluded bullshit optimistic attitude I’ve tried so hard to attain. I always come back to these possible too existential thoughts and think “is there a point?” Of course, I’m older now so much more has happened and I just don’t know when life will ever feel right when these things happen so often. Echoes of these experiences with the same themes happen to me, to my brother, to my SO, to my mom, and my dad, and it hurts even more to know that. Because I can’t change anything fundamentally about this. I want to heal the people around me, but I also know that everyone should be suicidal in a world like this. I don’t know how people aren’t. It scares me to think I’m wrong and I should keep going. Because what If I’m not? What if I’m alone in this? I realize I’m not because of the thousands of Reddit posts on this sub.. and that somehow comforts me. It hurts me because I know that it validates these lessons and that means that life really is fucked up and just results in overall misery. At the same time, I wouldn’t want someone to suffer so long for the same themes, hoping for something to change when it probably won’t. So, I think if I want to do it one day.. I will. I don’t know yet. I do know that this thought has been occupying my head for a very long time. It is the most frequent one as of now. I think that I will always have an inkling of suicide being an option in the back of head. Forever. I don’t know how to say that it isn’t rational to think this way. I believe it is. I don’t really get how life can be amazing or enjoyable or motivational when so many people hurt, so many people are being treated unfairly, so many are ignored, so many are treated as just another piece of shit walking the earth. We very much are all ants and the way that society is right now, I feel like we mean even less than this. It’s like we’ve truly embraced the idea that everything is meaningless so let’s just fuck everyone over. But I know life is more complicated than that and empathy will not save us now. I can only think of one option for me to get out.. I’m just not sure if there’s something I should wait for. There are things I might miss, but recently I feel them becoming distorted. Yea I’ll miss my dogs.. but will they really miss me? They’re just animals and I don’t even spend a lot of time with them anyway since all I do is stay in my room all day. Yea my SO is great, but aren’t I burdening them with all of this existential garbage? They deserve someone who will see something enjoyable about the little things and not make them feel so down. Yea my parents might miss me.. but it shouldn’t take too long before they eventually move on. This one is the hardest one to believe but at the same time I don’t think my parents will ever understand me and my “overdramatic” thoughts. I get that. I would be annoyed if someone whined about their life to me too like “ok buddy I’ve got my own shit to do”. So what’s the point of continuing to live for people like that? Because they will be emotionally damaged if you do, but you’re emotionally damaged and they don’t care. It’s a self sacrificing type situation that stop many people from killing themselves. But, it’s very very debilitating now. I can’t focus at all and I spend hours looking for ways in which I could kill myself. I don’t know what to do. 

Hope whoever reads all of this (or doesn’t) is doing okay enough to put the thoughts aside for a day at least. I will try, but I also understand if it’s too much now. Feel free to talk to me whenever. 

C