I want to end my lifeI just need to vent I have no one I can tell this to.

I moved back home to my grandmas after a stressful two years of college and a failed relationship due to drug addiction on both parties. We were both insanely depressed, I thought I did the good thing moving back home but everyday still feels worse. I miss him so much it hurts. He just overdosed again two weeks ago and I heard he’s doing better but I’ve decided to go no contact, but I miss him so bad maybe I’ll do minimal contact once he’s feeling better.. I’ve had suicidal thoughts in the past, but it’s gone out of control since moving back home. My life has no direction or meaning. All I do is bother everyone. My mind is so hazy that I cannot focus. Getting out of bed is insanely difficult. Going out in public feels like everyone is either scurrying away from me or staring at me, I know it’s my head playing with me man. I feel like a monster and it feels like everyone can see it. It’s hard making friends and I don’t want to bother my friends down here. 

I had a decent job paying me 15 an hour but it was insanely stressful, when I moved back home I applied to jobs near me and quickly got one as a front desk agent at a nice hotel paying me 10 dollars an hour. It’s definitely slower paced and cool but the down time is absolutely killing me. My thoughts eat my alive.

I hooked up with an ex two nights ago because I craved being touched but obviously I feel 10x worse. The sex was meaningless he was just ramming my cervix the whole time but I didn’t want to ruin the moment or make him mad by saying it hurt so I just waited for it to end. We smoked after and chatted for a bit. Played some video games and cuddled and fell asleep, well he did but I just stared at the wall for hours. It felt so good to be high again. Yesterday morning at work I was really irritated because my cervix feels insanely sore, I got no sleep, and my emotions are completely out of control. I’m usually sweet but I felt like a ticking time bomb all day. 

Housekeepers told me to call my boss so they could print their reports because no managers were there. I told them to call them because I was busy, but they stood behind me for 10 minutes while I took phone calls and did my paperwork because they’re english is bad and they wanted me to do it... they were communicating with me just fine. So I snapped and said “what do you want me to do?! Did y’all call them like i told you?” they said they called the gm and my boss but they didn’t answer their phones and they left a voicemail. So I dialed the sales manager because i knew she was awake because she called me earlier, and she gave me an attitude on the phone and she dates my boss, so he got on the phone and yelled at me not to call her. I said I only called her because him and the other boss didn’t answer their phones, and to never speak to me in that tone again and maybe they shouldn’t tell us to call them whenever they aren’t there if we need help if they don’t want to help. So what’s the point in their numbers posted on the bulletin board, I ripped it off and told the housekeepers that I can’t help them and to please go away.

I had so much downtime of just standing there and reading news articles that I opened word and typed how I was feeling. It wasn’t meant to be a suicide note, but I did mention how I wanted to do it. Which is unimportant but if anyone is interested, I want to drive far away listening to music until I’m tired, then I want to drive into a body of water and drown. I don’t know when I’ll do it but I fantasize about it every day I drive home from work. I’m too coward to shoot myself or hang myself. I don’t want my family to find me. If my body is found I want my ashes to be spread in fields of flowers and trees. I thought I closed the word document, but I have ADHD and would lose my head if it wasn’t attached to my body. So I had anxiety all yesterday that I left the document open and my boss who yelled at me called me at 11:55 last night and I’m wondering if that is why. Why else call me at that hour. Maybe I’m overthinking. 

So now I’m thinking should I not show up to work? Maybe have a me day? I don’t even know how to have a self care and love day. I’m just too scared to go to work :( I don’t know if anyone would even care to read this. I feel so lost and lonely. If anyone wants to talk, I’d be so happy to...