Failed attempt, scared about my future with LDR boyfriendI've had suicidal ideation for as long as I can remember, but it has never really escalated past that. Yesterday, I got accepted to the out-of-state college I want to attend and no one in my family cared at all. It was somewhat a given since I exceeded their average GPA/test scores but it's still the next step of my life being actualized. 

I'm planning to go to college with my long-distance (Georgia-Illinois) boyfriend. Our relationship hasn't been perfect but we've met each other's families and I have been fairly confident about it. Last night, I drank too much and the ideation got worse. My father keeps a loaded rifle in every room just in case he sees an animal outside and I thought it would be so easy. 

I told my boyfriend  but he was busy playing a video game with his friend. He did ask if I wanted to talk to him but when I said yes he said in the past when I was depressed I didn't talk to him and that he copes by trying to block it out. I just wanted him to give me a reason not to but instead he just reinforced the thought that I wasn't worth his time. 

So I went into the pantry to grab the gun. My arms were too short. The combination of the length of the barrel and the weight of the gun made it impossible for me to do it. I tried it with one more then I just got in bed and fell asleep. I'm just scared because it's more and more sounding like he's all I'm going to have and his reaction to me telling him I want to kill myself and there's a gun in the next room is to dismiss me like that. I just don't know what to do. 

**TL;DR: I've had suicidal ideation as long as I can remember. My plan right now is to move to Illinois from Georgia to go to school with my boyfriend. I got accepted to the college and my family doesn't care. I drank and told my boyfriend I wanted to die and had the means to and he dismissed me to play a video game with his friend. I attempted it but due to simple mathematics I couldn't. Now I'm scared and confused about what comes next.**