my main support is tired of methis is my first time doing something like this. i'm a freshman in college far from home and my friends. i have been dealing with depression and anxiety for a long time. i started self harming a few years ago, and in the past few months i've seriously considered suicide. 

my best friend has always been a big support for me. we are now in different states and have only seen each other once since the summer. this past week was one of the worst weeks of my life. i hurt myself really badly and began writing my goodbye letters. i was ready to do it. i tried reaching out to her, as she always says she wants me to, but she didn't respond because she was with a guy. the only reason i didn't do it last week was because my mom came up for parents weekend. i really think i would've done it otherwise. 

anyway, my friend and i had a big long talk about what happened and i know on some level she feels terrible about not being there when i needed her most. but she kept saying at one point that i was making things hard for her. that i put too much pressure on her. i'm not upset at her for this, i don't think. i have these thoughts often. i constantly feel like a burden and that she'd be better off without me. so hearing her actually say that stuff has just made it almost impossible to go on. in the days since the incident, she's been kind of distant and unwilling to discuss what happened. i feel so alone and empty. i know she would be upset if i died. but i'm juts so confused. i'm working on finding a therapist (the college's wellness center only made me feel worse) and she knows this. the only reason i've been so open with my friend about my suicidal thoughts is because she asked me to be. 

i'm not quite sure what i'm hoping to get out of posting this. i don't want to be alive anymore. i'm not asking her to save me. just being there for me and reassuring me that i'm not a burden is really enough. but she has long had a tendency to not answer me for hours and stuff. but never this bad. never when i asked for help. she's my best friend and i don't know what to do without her. i don't know what she wants from me. 

has anyone else dealt with something similar? should i continue to work on this friendship or should i just let her go? if i let her go i will be practically alone, but i don't want her to feel tied down. i don't know. i just could use some advice i guess because right now i feel like i need to end it all so that no one has to deal with me anymore. 