Why bother living anymore?I have already fucked up my life enough.

I (M21) grew up with a mother who used to routinely berate me and make me feel like the stupidest person on the goddamn planet ever since first grade every time I make a stupid mistake (forgetting to bring a project objective sheet home, working too slow on my homework, being five minutes late for something) and would slap, grab, punch, pin against the wall, whip with a belt, batter with a coat hanger or brandish a wooden spoon if I ever tried to question her logic or just because I made the stupid mistake. My father was scared of her (I don't blame him) so he does everything to avoid angering her at all costs so much to the point that he basically spies on me for her so he can get confessions from me.

Despite that, I was at least happy in the place where I lived when I was outside the house. I had friends who always made me laugh at any turn and would gladly play a video game with me, their parents were so nice and have never yelled, hit or threatened them in front of me (one did yell but she took him to another room. I don't remember what he did but I do remember it was so stupid even I would have never thought to do it). But now, we moved to another state all because it was warmer and fuck all the relationships we have already had. Despite being a warm place, it depresses me. I have two friends where I am now though but one is about to move across the country soon and the other is travelling across the country trying to become an actor and hardly isn't around anymore. Not to mention, some asshole just came over and told me my ex (more on her later) just earned herself a trip to Wall Street on her final semester of college as well as my friend who went into pre-med has been working at a hospital for years now. All while I am struggling to find a part-time job that won't phase me out.

In defiance of my mother, who constantly told me that I will never make it to college majoring in computer science (I have always wanted to write programs), did anyway. I decided to start fresh, with a plan to fight my depression and it worked, my first semester went great. I struggled my second semester a little, I never failed any classes but I almost did and got high Cs for two others (both reasons for them were horseshit), my mother did what she did best for an entire summer straight. I had to bend over backwards to prove to her I wanted to go back and I was shocked she did. After that, my morale was sabotaged, I found myself struggling with classes that shouldn't have been any problem for me. I started failing some classes combined with my mother continuing to yell and scream at me over the phone trying to convince me that I was doing this to spite her or some crap like that. My ex left me the next summer so my morale dipped even lower and I barely had any drive left. I couldn't concentrate on my work, I had so much trouble retaining information and I started having full blown panic attacks during exams. I tried moving to a new university (where I am now) hoping to rent an apartment with the friend who is moving soon so I can spend our final months together, but I fell for my mother's trap to have me move home to save on rent (God I am such a moron). Now she has full control of my money and can dictate on what I spend my money on with a budget I can't even access. Now, every basic class sounds like it's in Chinese and I panic every time I fear that nothing is going to stick while I know my friends with the most supportive parents are gliding through college with ease. FML

My only ray of hope in this bleak and uninteresting world when I had her, my ex. I met her on Tinder on Easter of my freshman year of college when I noticed I was starting to lose myself with depression again. I looked forward to talking with her every day after all my classes were done and she made me feel happy and , of course, she wanted to be my girlfriend. This was the pinnacle point of my life: I was doing great in school, I started weightlifting and gained a lot of muscle, I had great friends in college who were outcasts like me, I was starting to have confidence in myself and finally my ex. Having her felt like winning the Nobel prize because I honestly believed that women were not very loving people thanks to my mother and her constant mocking saying that I would never find a woman who would love me because I was such a loser, and watching my friends go through abusive relationships where their girlfriends beat them up or manipulate them in public where everyone could see. Finding her who was the first woman to ever treat me like an actual human being felt like a once-in-a-lifetime experience. She was a wonderful person who grew up in a wonderful family, one that I would have killed for. She and her family completely understood what I went through with my mother and they took good care of me. Her parents house felt like another set of grandparents to me, I never wanted to go anywhere else. She and I went on grand adventures together; amusement parks, the mountains, the countryside, various cities; she basically introduced a whole new world for me that was much brighter and happier than I have ever experienced. My mother tried to weaken our bond by saying I was too fat for her to love me (mainly because her parents happily fed me and I was very thankful), I was too much of a loser (as she always says) for her to love me or just a horrible boyfriend in general. I tried not to let it affect me but it did. My morale took a dive every complaint she gave. I eventually ran out of money and she then left me.

That breakup was so devastating that that was when my will to live just dropped to 0. That was a year and a half ago and I am still in pieces over it. I didn't just lose her; I lost her family, the places I could have taken her to, her comfort in bad days, someone to vent all my problems too, you get the picture. She was the light of my life. I have my friends but as I said, they have lived a happy enough life to live on comfortably without me. I don't feel like I am holding them back but I feel like I add nothing to the experience. I do appreciate them though. The thing is, if I had her back I don't think anything will change but I don't know if I can even find anyone else who will love me like she did. I am in no shape to be of any use to a girl anyway. I have no money, next to no job, I am too cowardly to stand up to my own mother, I have never been in a fight I could win, my grades are abysmal the only useful skill is I have is writing a simple Java program. What use could I be to a girl? 

Now I have fantasies of taking a handgun or something and blowing my brains out. Whenever I sleep I wish I passed away and leave this nightmare. My friends urge me to get help but I know my parents would try everything to prevent me from seeing a therapist because they refuse to believe that I have anything to be depressed about because they gave me such a "cushy life". My hands are tied, I am not sure where I can go next but to continue on being the laughing stock of my parents and be miserable for the rest of my life.

Cherish your romantic partners. You will never realize how precious they are to you until you lose them and by then, it will be too late.