“Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem”. (A serious rant)Here’s my unpopular opinion on this statement: Don’t say this to a suicidal person. Ever, under any circumstances. Everytime I see this statement being throw around, I roll my eyes and it angers me a little. 

Saying this literally isn’t any better than “it gets better!”. That may just be me, but both these statements give out a bullshit, cheery, false sense of hope. It implies that your problem *is* temporary, and that it *will* get better. 

That’s precisely where the problem stands: What if it simply doesn’t? You could run around, trying therapy and medication for years. Trying to find things that bring you joy, only in the end to be left with the same outcome: Nothing. 

It doesn’t make a change, and you still feel the same way as you have from the start. It’s as if you didn’t move an inch off of square one. 

In the end, believing such statements brings your hopes up, only being utterly and detrimentally let down in the end when the circumstances didn’t change. That’s because having hope is sometimes necessary to make change, but it may not *always* make a difference. 

This is what makes hope, as I believe at least, most always a blind outcome. It’s good to have, but it can sometimes be overbearing to the point where you’re fit to believe it’ll actually be what you need all along. Then reality hits you and you realize, *hope is blind to negative outcomes.* It makes you believe it works; and if it does you continue until one day it lets you down.

I also personally believe the statements “think of your loved ones” and “you have so much to live for” are just selfish and cruel. I won’t sit here and tell you not to commit suicide, because it is most certainly a valid option. 

However, it doesn’t always have to be the first option I believe, and it certainly doesn’t have to be the last. It’s an option, but usually there’s other things to consider before it. It is most definitely permanent, but your problems may not be temporary and it’s more than valid to consider it as an option. 

Back to what I was saying earlier about those statements being selfish and cruel. Telling someone to think of their loved ones ensures a sense of guilt for choosing to commit suicide or to contemplate suicide. 

No one should have to feel guilty for choosing this as an option, especially if they are in extreme pain and suffering and have been for a long time. That’s what makes it cruel. 

Along with this, forcing someone to stay alive because you care for them and love them is cruel as fuck. They’re suffering, they shouldn’t feel guilty or be forced into staying in a world where they suffer day in and day out. I understand you care, but everyone’s in control of their own lives and should be entitled to making that choice. You can’t dictate what someone can and can’t do in their own life. 

Anyways, that was my rant. I just had to get that out there, I hope it gets some attention at least and makes some sense.