I despise sounding so pathetically melodramatic, but I'm just tired.I apologize in advance for this being so long. I just couldn't stop typing.

I want to die.

I’ve done nothing, and I’m going nowhere. I know I’m going nowhere because the second I’m put under pressure, I crack and fall apart at the seams.

Everyone thinks I’m this wonderful person and all I can do is hate myself. All I can feel is that they must be lying to me. I’m not smart, I’m not athletic, the only thing I would even consider myself remotely talented in is art, and we all know how far that shit takes you in life. I love science, but I’m probably just throwing myself into a field that I’m going to drown. The study I love, Virology, means likely trying to go for a PHD. I’m fooling myself if I think I can get that far. Just last year I nearly committed suicide from pushing myself to try to be in AP classes. I needed to keep improving myself, I needed to be smarter. Instead all I did was fall apart and had to be taken out of all of them half-way through the year and put into honors classes. My GPA was ruined, I failed one of my classes, and the thought of doing a problem on the board in front of everyone sends me into panic attacks. 

Instead I watched as my smart, well-adjusted friends were able to pull through and do well. Now it feels like I’m in a different world. All I can think is that they must see me pass in the hallway and think, “Remember her? She used to have such a promising future.”

All I can think is that they must feel I didn’t try hard enough. After all, if they could do it, why shouldn’t I be able to? 

I have lost over the years my best friend. My first real friend. She lied to me twice- the first time it hurt, but I accepted it and tried to forgive. The second time was over the same issue, and felt like a knife in my stomach. And she knows I have trust issues ever since my parents divorced. She apologized for it once, and proceeded to try to act as though it never happened. If I even mentioned that I had been hurt by it, she would get sulky and say she *had* apologized, even if I barely remember it. So then I would feel guilty. When I tried to open up about how I felt when I was sad, it would immediately turn into essentially a dick-measuring contest of who’s sadder. But I still remember the nights we would spend watching LOST and stay up late talking about philosophy and books and, well, anything. 

I miss her so much, but I don’t even recognize her anymore. I feel I could never trust her again. We haven’t talked in months. And I know if I was to go to her and tell her all of this- she would immediately get defensive and deny everything. So I would shut up. Again.

Like every fucking day.

I hate my body. I hate it so much. The sponginess, the softness of it, the roundness- it’s absolutely sick and disgusting. My grandpa keeps acting as though calling me an attractive young woman is a compliment, despite knowing full well I’m attending therapy for transgender issues. When I point this out to him, he simply says, “Well, YOU ARE. It’s not like I’m going to LIE to you.” I suppose I’m lucky I’m afraid of pain, else I would have started self-harming years ago. The thought is tempting though. Sometimes I fantasize that my breasts are like large, disgusting zits and I can pop them like one. Or if I take a knife and make a slit from the underside, I’ll be able to just squeeze out pus and blood until it’s all out and I have a flat chest. When no one is around I try to move my chest in front of the microwave as much as possible in the hopes that it’s not an urban myth and that I can give myself breast cancer. 

Other times I’m convinced I can cut off my own skin. Just peel it off like a wetsuit. More than once I’ve considered actually trying it, peeling off this female skin and being able to see the real me underneath it. There’s nothing underneath though but blood, sinew and bone.

Then there’s the fact that though I feel like a man, I am not very manly. At all. I am such a fucking girl it’s downright pathetic. How could anyone take me seriously when lately I cry at the drop of a hat? I’m weak, into arts and drama and know nothing about fishing, cars, sports, and my emotions swing back and forth like a pendulum. 

The moment I even start to feel confidant and as though that doesn’t really matter… well, let me just try to quote my grandfather on that. 

“Dramatic_pause, you don’t know *what* you want yet. Your grandfather has been around and gays and transgenders-“ disclaimer, he’s the type that predates a sexist remark with, ‘I have nothing against women!’ “- and worked with them before, and I’ve talked to doctors too. If you were really… *like that*, we would have seen signs earlier. I haven’t seen anything like that, and your grandfather is a smart whip.”

Great. As if I didn’t doubt myself enough.

(continued in comments)