Seems like me falling apart really takes up speed.I've fallen oppressively silent.

Not that there would be anyone to talk to, I am actually utterly alone. But I did find some joy in talking to other people, here in this board or others, giving some advice or just lending an ear.

But even that's faded.

There has been no joy in my life since my wife left. Everything just reminds me of her, and the like three things that are left only serve as a tolerable way to kill time. It's nothing I enjoy. Just something I do and use.

I kept it together for full two weeks before falling apart. Now I'm just a bum and disgust myself. It's like I can watch going my graph ever further down. How I, at the beginning, still did this and that. Watch films. Play a game. Now I can't stand even these things anymore. Going for groceries has become so unbearable I'm rather eating stone-hard bread.

I'm in immeasurable pain. I did not think that much pain is possible. I am in agony every hour of every day, and it only gets worse. Even worse, there is nothing I want. There is nothing in my future worth working through all of this.

So I allow myself to be weak. It's comforting. At least once in my fucking life I'm using my right to be too tired to move on anymore.

I'm watching myself wasting away and it really feels like the dereliction and decay have taken up speed. I don't even want to sit here and write that shit. I just want to sleep, but I won't be able to until I get it out of my head.

My own wife doesn't give a flying fuck about me, why should I care.

Funnily enough, I really don't fit in with other suicidists. I'm not depressive, I got no mental illness. Nor are their any physical sicknesses. I'm not in chronic pain, my life, while a shitshow, didn't bring me down. I'm not helpless and know very well how do turn everything around if I wanted to.

I'm literally dying to a broken heart, the lack of reason to deal with it and the refusal of a future that holds nothing to me but vague, empty, meaningless promises.

It's a combination of lack of strength, affect and somber thought.

And I'll be so fucking relieved if I just check out and leave that mess behind.

If I'd known that I'm capable of feeling such pain and despair, I think I'd've killed me long ago.