I can't cope with a society fundamentally hostile to my existenceI am autistic and while I like being autistic, I hate being autistic in a society hostile to my existence. A society that, when I was merely toddler, tried to pathologize and normalize me with "early intervention". A society that sent me to "special education", where I was dehumanized, gaslight, and had meltdowns basically every single school day. A society that is starting to say "it's okay for you to be a trans woman and bi", but still thinks my autistic identity, which is inseparable from who I am, needs to be fixed or cured.

I am tired of being scared when people call me smart, because usually, people say that because of my special interests, but almost always, they insult and attack me when my autisticness makes them uncomfortable (sometimes, even saying, "you're smart, so you should see why I'm right"). I have been bullied, like to the point where I've had rocks thrown at me, and doxxed. After moving to Texas and thus, interacting with my extended family more, I feel so much worse because my extended family tries to punish me socially for being myself, while claiming to "love" "me". I think about the fact that people have called me self-centered and have  had people gang up on me for having anxiety attacks, as if their comfort is more important than my mental health.

I hate living a society that sends me the message that who I am is wrong, a disorder, something to be cured, even though a cure would mean I would cease to exist, and for which I have been dehumanized and treated like shit for existing as myself. And I can't cope anymore. I cry loudly basically every other day, feeling physically pained. I have multiple scars on my left arm. While I've had suicidal thoughts since I was 10, I now feel like I might act on it. I have repeatedly almost attempted suicide, stopping myself before I could be gone forever. I can start feeling suicidal with very trivial triggers, like I was watching a YouTube video where someone reviewed a movie, and I remember during a psych evaluation where they pathologized me for the benefit for the school system, a movie was playing in the waiting room. I think about how I am starting to become more myself with physical and legal transition, but I can't openly be autistic and how people in the LGBT+ community think comparing LGBT+ issues to autistic issues is justifying conversion therapy, implying only certain parts of me are acceptable. I think about every time I am interrupted because I go on long monologues and how that could be used as justification to pathologize me. I think about how me pacing in circles daydreaming about my special interests is considered a problem to be fixed. I think about one of my closest friends died by suicide and how, while they weren't autistic, we did share a lot of problems in common and how that means I am destined to share the same fate.

I don't want to die. Again, I've had suicidal thoughts since I was 10, but this is something I see no way out of. Autistic acceptance is not going to be mainstream anytime soon, and the main movement "for" it is total shit because they justify a pseudoscientific form of disability abuse called [facilitated communication](https://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/25/magazine/the-strange-case-of-anna-stubblefield.html) and I can't support that. I don't want to go through with it. I just can't see a way out of the pain of having society reject the core of my being as wrong. I can and if I survive and get better, probably will not disclose my identity to people who don't already know, but that isn't good either because not all of the bigotry is directed towards the label and it means I have hide an important part of me because society won't accept me, which is pretty depressing. I do want to get on lithium as I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder during a manic episode and lithium can reduce the chances of suicide. Also, the better I sleep, the less suicidal and anxious I feel, but I just have to cope with a society hostile to my existence and that is hard, especially since I am afraid when that one day, I'll feel really upset and not be here. I want to go to college and study chemistry and/or physics. I want to have a vaginoplasty and see my hormones work more magic and fully be myself gender-wise. But yeah, you get the point.