The girl with 10 W's on her transcript and 10 reasons to not live1) I'm not good at anything. Maybe I had a few A's in college, but I'm almost 24 and haven't gotten a degree. Sure, I know there are others who've gotten degrees and such at a much later time, though I'm willing to bet they have a saner, more determined, head on their shoulders than I do at this moment and on.

2) The only person I've ever felt love for has dementia. I've had friendships and intimate relationships, but I have not experienced much enjoyment from them. When she passes, I'm planning to off myself shortly after. 

3) Spending my days not showering is actually more preferable for me than sitting in a classroom aching from sadness, thus making me a piece of shit student.

4) I don't love my parents. They were not good parents when I was younger, but they are very humble-like now. I know they tried their best, even though they had a way of South American backwards thinking. They don't have any retirement savings and I'm pretty much the only one who will have to take care of them, which I can definitely not do since I lack discipline, self-esteem, and sanity.

5) Cannot keep friends for long, except a childhood friend who will probably miss me. I'm not really concerned with number 5 (as in not having friends) but they're very useful to be normal, I hear. 

6) Small or magical things, such as conversations or nature, do not amuse me or make me happy. Most people can handle these life beauties, but I don't see them.

7) I'm jaded and angry, and for many reasons, it effects every single job I've ever had. I just leave and quit and I'll probably result to this for the rest of my life. 

8) I've spent so much time in the mental health system, and I still haven't gotten rid of my sadness and depression.

9) If I were seriously asked what I liked to do for fun, I'd say napping. I'd nap forever, hence the suicide. 

10) Being a mentally ill person isn't worthy to society, right? Except if they become a writer, artist, or actor I guess. 

**If suicide isn't an option, would suicide watch please give me the permission to continue living off the government and be a couch potato for a career until my eventual death?** 

I don't care about having a career anymore. I don't care about being well-known or liked. I just want to be almost sedentary and dive into my depression at full force. If I do this for a few years, people will be able to accept my suicide more easily than say if I was a typical college student with depression. They'll say, "Oh well, she was a loser afterall."