Thoughts. No direction.I don’t know how I’d do it. I tried to once with pills but I was so naive, I didn’t know how much was a lethal dose and took too little. Four and half days in the looney bin. Wasn’t a bad experience. Actually I learned how to be pretty happy while I was there. Only lasted a few months once I got out. I had been resisting doing it because of how bad it would hurt those I care about, but, as selfish as it is, even that wasn’t enough to hold me back anymore. I’m still sorry tho. Now, I’ve only kept myself from doing it because I feel like I can’t leave without giving something to the world first. Something people can find comfort in and use as motivation to get their own help. It seems hypocritical, yet still correct. Maybe not correct. I don’t know for sure. I don’t know anything for sure. I can’t tell when I love someone anymore. I can’t even tell if all of this stuff is legitimate. Most of the time it feels like I should shut up and get over it. The people I care about need help still, and I don’t know anyone who’ll be there for them other than me. But, slowly, they’re growing and learning. They’re becoming so independent and learning to help themselves. I thought I’d be jealous but I’m just so happy that I get to see it. The more happy about it I get, tho, the worse I feel for wanting to leave. I’ll be abandoning them. Makes me think about this “masterpiece” I wanted to make to help others. Maybe it’s not really about that. Maybe I just want to make that so I can feel like I’ve compensated for the pain I’ll be bringing those I love. Either way, I know I can’t go on. I don’t mean to be vague, but I’ve fucked everything up. If any of you care enough to know more I’ll discuss things, but this is already running long. I don’t say that to pull the whole “no one cares about me” card, I just wouldn’t really expect you to care. No ones responsibility but mine. It feels a little better getting this out to others, so, thank you to those involved in this sub for that.