I just need someone to help me with what I should do.I can’t stop racing thoughts recently. Of suicide and of ending things. I wake up every single morning and I have bad stomach pains of nausea and extreme anxiety and the thoughts they tell me life will never be happy for me again and that I’m a complete wreck now at 19. I know that at times I am mentally strong but in the morning especially, after these dreams of me dying or that I’m a failure, these horrible horrible dreams - I wake up contemplating it, I wake up in extreme physical pain too and I have no desire to keep on.

During the day, I get up and I battle it. I go to the toilet, I play PUBG, I try and eat. All with a lot of pain. I’m really suffering and I can’t stop it, I don’t even know what’s wrong with me. I read self help books, and I read a lot of articles on how to have a stronger mindset and overcome these thoughts telling me to kill myself and that life won’t get better from here, that I am a weak minded individual, that even if I end up somehow in medical school or successful, my mind won’t let me flourish because of anxiety and depression, that my family also hate me because I had a mental breakdown and cut off all my hair and that the love of my life cannot ever really BE with me as a husband because we are different faiths. The last point is very important to me . He is still with me. But it gives me a lot of pain to think about the last point, especially every single morning.

I can’t sleep more than 7 hours even if I wish, it’s 7am here and I slept at 12. I manage to fall asleep at night because I put him on FaceTime while I drift off to sleep and I always end up crying a lot in the day which makes me mentally exhausted enough to sleep in the night.

I don’t know what to do, I NEED these thoughts to stop. Simply saying stop stop, does not work. I tell the my brain it will be okay when lockdown is over and I will go maybe get therapy, but I can’t even afford that. In shit at financing and I need to pay student rent but I don’t even have a job. I’m always constantly scared of the future and the present too, because I think I’m not good enough. I’m ashamed of these feelings so I don’t tell my boyfriend because I have them too often. I need them to stop so I can be stable again.

The thought of not having a future with my boyfriend, combined with the anxiety of not getting into medicine, combined with extreme physical stomach pain all the time - I cant deal with every day anymore. I’m getting so weak. And I’m not eating, I’m 39kg now. I want to help myself, I don’t know how to start.