I would do anything to escape this.Been severely depressed and anxious my whole life. Ever since I was a little child I've hurting people, sabotaging friendships, and suffering constant, excruciating pain. I've tried every medication, therapy, support groups, homeopathic treatments, even acupuncture. Nothing helps this immense pain that has been inside me since birth. My parents neglected me for most of my life up until very recently when I finally told them I've been suicidal my whole life. They care but they're far too distracted to pay close enough attention or understand where I'm coming from, or really offer anything helpful. The rest of my family ignores me and my existence is meaningless to them. I have some freinds but most of them are just as depressed or even worse than me, meaning they can't do anything for me, so essentially I am living in a black hole of darkness. I have doctors and a therapist but its only doing so much. I've been trying my best to go through the motions of life, but I'm either just scraping by or on the verge of ruining everything (from the risky decisions I make to cope with my depression). I lied a lot to get the job I have, I dont really feel like I belong here. I dont really know what Im doing with myself most of the time. 

More and more as time goes on I see less of a point to life. In fact, I've never believed there is a point to life. I absolutely refuse to believe in or acknowledge any kind of higher being or existence of the after life. I just believe we lose consciousness at death and then just decay. Anyone who tries to change my mind pisses me off, as if "just have faith" is supposed to convince me. The world is such a shitty place and I hate it. Always have. Whenever I hear someone say shit like "life is too short" "live laugh love" or some shit like that I am just in shock because I just have no idea how anyone could feel so great about being alive in this shit world. 

I wish I could give away my loving parents and give away my well paying job to someone who needs those things, and just go die the way I would like to without the burden of guilt. I often fantasize of buying a one-way plane ticket to Japan and ending it at inside Aokigahara. One, because its so beautiful it would make the process more pleasant, and two, just because of the location and what it is. I feel like Aokigahara, an unbelievably stunning forest, turning into what it has is like a punishment to humans on Earth for the shitty world they created. 