I'm already so tired.I've been depressed and suicidal for as long as I can remember, since I was a little kid, and I'm only 23 now (24 soon) and every time I "recover" a little bit but then crash back down it gets more and more painful and difficult. I also have autism and PTSD from child abuse my entire childhood and also being raped in my teens. Nothing helps. I feel like I've tried all the easily accessible shit... I've done inpatient, partial, outpatient, EMDR, RRT, CBT/DBT, hypnosis, traditional blahh whatever normal ass talk therapy, I've tried forcing myself to just get the fuck over it, I've tried meditation and journaling and exercise and weed and cbd, been on so many different fucking antidepressants... I'm exhausted. I'm so tired yall. Every time it gets harder. Every time I have to fight harder and professionals keep ghosting me or pulling some fuckery on me and charging me a ton of random fees and not following through. Every year I get poorer and further away from having access to healthcare and it gets harder to access any kind of treatment to where now I'm not on any meds or in any kind of treatment because I just got tired of fighting to receive bare minimum treatment, and tired of paying out of pocket for shit. I don't want to keep trying, I don't want to go to stupid free therapy where it's just gonna be some untrained underpaid bible thumper not actually listening and just tell me I need to pray it away as if that'll actually do anything (trust me I've fucking tried that too!)... the older you get the less sympathy and help you get, the more people just tell you you're lazy, and the harder it gets. I'm so tired. I'm so tired. I'm so tired. Reading posts from ppl who are in their 30s or 40s who have the same lifelong mental illness who are still suffering and still struggling fucking terrifies me, I don't wanna have to live another year like this let alone the next few decades. If I die people will cry and be wrecked by it and shit but while I'm here it's just "you're just whining it's not actually that hard or that bad you're just lazy you just need to work harder" so every day that passes my guilt at the thought of hurting my family dries up more and more. I'm so tired. I can't do anything. One outing or a simple conversation physically drains me, I can't face anything or do anything because my brain starts screaming and my eyes start glazing over and my body feels physically weak and my knees start to give out when I try to do anything. I can't focus at all. I sleep so much and eat so little and nothing ever makes me feel good and I think about suicide absolutely fucking nonstop all day every day from the absolute instant I wake up and I just want some fucking peace I'm so miserable. Every moment of being conscious, every bit of info and sensory stimulus I take in, fills me with a vile rotten shrieking corroding feeling, I'm so utterly exhausted on every level that I truly cannot do anything and there is no "help" to be had, not when I can barely work an hour at a time and can't afford treatment in the slightest.