I never thought I would see myself in this positionHello, Im M23 from eastern Europe. Ive been battling with mentally abusive family members my whole life. I should have left them ages ago but my strive to study fucked up this plan. A few years ago I left university even tho I had nearly finished my first year. Severe depression, cut off from my friends for a few months doing nothing - this depressive cut off was just a beginning for years to come. Had to spend a year in obligatory military service which truly felt like prison time and I started abusing weed at this time. Started new school only to waste another year of my life by not finishing last 6 months after summer break. I had to move back home for summer brake and the abuse continued. Poker gambling addiction-funny thing is I could make a living at poker after 2 years of study but I don't have self control over bankroll limit so I will end up broke anyways. There was still some periods here and there when depression just fucked me and months were deleted from my life. 
So I started illegal uber style cab driving (not uber) with some poker on a side. I was still living with my family at the time with a plan to save some money. After 3 months I had ran up my money from zero to 15K€ and for poor eastern Europe country that is massive. Abuse from my father lead me to 48h poker session (ignoring bankroll managment) and I ended up with zero money and bills to pay along with the payment for the car I was using as taxi. I didn't sleep for a long period of time. I was driving around countryside having suicidal thought. Actually spent a whole fucking week inside the car around this high bank by the sea with intention to jump. I couldn't do it so I found a nice road where I could accelerate to high speed and crash into a tree. I drove towards the tree with high speed multiple times and hit the breaks at the last moment to stop. This week included some drunk driving and even stealing alcohol and petrol from gas station along with deleting facebook. I returned a few days later and paid so they didn't report me. One evening I was returning home from the seaside and a tire broke. As well with phone and laptop I had thrown away my shoes (I quess I wanted to feel free). So I ditched the messy car leaving it on the highway and I never saw it again. I walked home throw woods with just my socks on. It has been a year since that happened and I haven't even gotten a new phone or contacted my friends. 
For clarification I currently stay at my dads house which is located in the countryside so Im pretty much isolated from the world. By the way the house burned down 2 years ago because of a construction worker error and there was no insurance for oldish house neither did he receive much anything from the construction guy but my dad has already built a new house. My mom lives at the city in an apartment. Ive been switching between these 2 location way too many times in my life because my parents fight like crazy.. for decades.

So for the last year Ive been isolated here in the countryside making minimal $ online goldfarming in a game just to pay for the net, food, tobacco and rarely for some weed from darknet. My situation right now is horrible, goldfarming thing was shut down, I don't even have a penny to my name, bills to pay, no phone, internet will be shut down in a week, 1K$ loan to pay soon (the crazy % type of) and last but not least the latest weed package was seized by customs so I will have to talk to LE soon.
There has been a lot of other shit in my life but this wall of text is already too long.

IM FUCKED
WHATS WRONG WITH ME?
What the fuck do I do? My reputation is fucked up online because of the unpaid car damages 2k€, stealing 500€ worth of game currency. Oh by the way my best friend used to be a police officer, how about that lol, we met in school.
But seriously what the fuck do I do?? I want to escape this country and start a new life in Spain but I have zero money and no connections. I can't kill myself by jumping etc. If I had a fucking poison pill I wouldn't hesitate to take it rn