Alone in this WorldI have felt alone for as long as I can remember, going back to my young childhood.  I went through an unhappy childhood, a long marriage which ultimately failed, and now my new marriage which, ultimately, is doomed as well.  Though I have expressed to my family and spouses over the years, my feelings of deep loneliness, I have always been met with no feelings of care or concern.  I have been married for a very short time in my current marriage.  Though it started out to be what I thought was, "I have finally met my soulmate", it turns out that all that we talked about, dreamed of, and made plans for were obviously just impulses for him at the moment.  I feel he married me due to his life, at the time, being at his lowest...he was on the verge of giving up totally and felt his life was worthless and not worth living anymore.  I feel he looked at me as his 'saving grace' at the time, but now that his life has improved in other ways, I am of no use to him any longer.  I am, instead just a burden and I am the least important person in his life.  My family has never cared for me and though I have lived away from my family for most of my adult life, none of them make  effort to stay in touch with me.  It is up to me to reach out to them to stay in touch.  My sister and father, both, were in the mental health field, and I have many times expressed to them my feelings and they have always brushed me off, as though to say that I am wrong or not entitled to have these feelings of pain and loneliness.  My husband is the exact same way.  If I try to have a calm, diplomatic conversation with him, expressing my need or desire for time with him, or to share my feelings, or to express an opinion, or even to try to give input on anything pertinent, he gets mad at me and berates me.  He starts to make accusations against me, finding ways to cast blame and make me feel bad about myself.  He is really good at making me feel isolated and alone and only allows me close to him when it suits his time and needs.  My health has gotten progressively worse over the last several months as I have chronic migraines and advanced-stage, progressive scoliosis, disk degeneration. and arthritis in my back, neck, arms, and legs due to the deterioration of my spine.   I remain very quiet most of the time about the pain that I am in and suffer in silence.  Over the last 2 months, the pain has been almost unbearable on a daily basis.  Sometimes it gets to the point that I do break down and have to express the pain that I am in, but my husband just looks at me in disgust and goes about his day.  My family has no interest in hearing about my health problems because when I have expressed to any of them what I am going through, there is never a response.  
I have been drafting my will and my good-bye letter to my family, though I may not finalize the letter as I don't feel the effort is worth it.  The only reason I am writing a will is because I want my pets taken care of and I hope my belongings and what little money I have will be left to someone in need and/or a charity.  
I have considered completing suicide for many years, but have always tried to find some logical reason to continue living.  I am at peace with my maker and don't believe my soul will be damned when I follow through.   I have read many books about suicide over the years and most try to proclaim that the ones left behind will suffer greatly when someone kills oneself.  In many instances, that may be true, but in my situation, I know, without a doubt, that I will not be missed.  It will be a great burden lifted off my husband as he can go on being single again.  He will not have to worry about me being a burden on him and preventing him from living his life for himself and he can ultimately give all he has worked for, to his daughter, without me being in the way of that.  My sister will be relieved that I am gone because all that my father and mother have financially will go to her and because she is married to a hateful and greedy man, he will be elated that I am gone.  
But, the things that gives me solace is knowing that this constant pain and loneliness will be over once I am gone.