Is being happy delusional?I’m 21 years old and diagnosed with bipolar disorder, although I don’t really think I’m “naturally” bipolar (taking Zoloft made me manic). The first time I became manic was right after my suicide attempt last year, and I was the happiest I’d ever been in my life. I was extremely talkative and creative, and had this constant overwhelming feeling that everything about my life finally made sense and that I had a special connection with every person I interacted with.

I became manic again a few months ago (again drug-induced; I was purposefully not taking my mood stabilizers along with my antidepressants and staying up all night) and was happy and stable for a few months after the mania subsided.

Basically, I experienced short bursts of being goal-driven and social and happy, and these moments have been like a window into an alternate reality of what life could have been like for me, if I were actually a happy and social person. Maybe that’s why I started this post out with the mania—the first thing I want strangers on the internet to know about me is the “good” (albeit delusional), false, drug-induced version of me. While I was manic, I even thought being manic in itself was cool and made me special, but I look back and am mostly embarrassed by the narcissistic, flashy way I acted. Still, if I could have all that unearned confidence and positivity back, I’d take it immediately.

But the reality is that I’ve spent the vast majority of my time since graduating high school depressed. Most of the time, I feel like my depression is an excuse and it’s not real, and I’ve just become progressively lazier and stupider as a result of doing nothing all the time.

All through high school, I was a “good girl” and did everything that was expected of me—I took lots of AP classes, got excellent grades, played tennis, did extracurricular I didn’t really care about for the sake of getting into a good college, which I did. But once I got to college, I was just tired and directionless. For so long, my goal had been to get into a good college, and I never really planned past that. I never really planned to live this long. I wish I’d succeeded in my suicide attempt last year, but I don’t think I really have it in me to kill myself (I tried an overdose and seriously meant to die. But it obviously failed, and I don’t have the guts to take more drastic, violent measures.)

I’m currently on a medical leave of absence from college, not that the time off is helping at all. I just continue to get more isolated, unproductive, and lazy. I’ve gone about a month without having a conversation with anyone besides my therapist, and I feel like I’ve forgotten how to speak and hold a conversation, assuming I ever really did in the first place.

Being so isolated has made me really lonely and self-centered. Not interacting with people and going out in the world means I don’t have anything to say / any stories to tell during conversations anyways. I really miss my friends, but if they text me, I either ignore them or shut down the conversation as fast as I can before it leads to an awkward meetup in which they struggle to keep the “conversation” going the whole time while I’m silent and blank and depressing, until they ask whether I’m ok.

Anyways, this is mostly just a long rant because I’m really lonely but have nothing to say aside from how miserable I am, and therefore don’t feel like I can talk to anyone. But I was also wondering—is being happy delusional? It sounds crazy to hope that one day I can muster up the willpower to live an active, stable, productive, content life, and keep living it for 50+ more years, day in, day out. Just thinking of the energy it took to be happy while manic makes me exhausted. My track record isn’t great. The only times in my life that I’ve been happy have been very short-lived and artificially Zoloft-induced.