Can I post this here? I need help with a friend.Off the back I will say this is my ex. I ended it because I didnt like the negativity. I chose to remain her friend because of course I still care about her and dont know if I could live with myself if I didnt stay around to help and support her. 

In the two years we were together her depression would kick in automatically mostly at night. Staying on the phone would comfort her and I did it even though it meant me losing sleep. I had depression before too and knew somewhat what it was like. But I found positive things to focus on and changed things around. I won the battle of depression. 

But anyway, my friend has bad anxiety and self worth issues. She feels the need to apologize for everything. I have asked her if anything bad in her past has happened that has caused this depression. She says nothing that she remembers but losing her close friend at a young age. But the bad part about this is that she says she cuts herself. I havent seen many or noticeable cuts but one. She says she cuts her thighs so nobody can see. And I am too nervous to ask her to show me. 

But my main concern is, she always talks about leaving the world and nobody cares about her so she has no reason to live. Yet I always have been their to support her, show her true love, where I put her well being first before mine. I tried my best for two years to show her a happy and loving life. I wanted her to know that someone did really care for her even when I surpressed my emotions to not see her down. I stayed happy when she was negative but happiness was overcome by depression. Our happiness couldnt overcome it. And she says there is no way for her to control it. Also we werent the perfect couple and if we had a big arguement she would tell me she was thinking of cutting herself again.

Sorry back to my point my point. Ibroke it off with her because I was physically and mentally exhausted and everything I tried only helped short term. not permanetely. But I remained her friend because I dont want her to do anything stupid. She tells me Im the only reason she has to live and recently everyone is leaving her. She use to say this when we were together. But now shes telling me she wants to end her life and Im stuck and dont know what to do. 

How do I know what to do and how serious are her words? I would sacrifice my life if it meant her getting to live a happy life but its just so much bearing on me right now and dont know what to do.