I’m trapped and lost.Hello, good people of this forum. I’ve never used r/SuicideWatch but it’s now my last option.

Let’s start off by saying I’m 13. Almost a year ago, I was hospitalized and diagnosed with depression and anxiety. A lot of stuff happened to me... The hospital did jack shit. I don’t really self-harm anymore because what’s the point? Suicide is almost a daily thing to think about though. The problem is, I can’t tell anyone what’s happening. My therapist will probably send me back to the Hospital or make us start all the way over (hell no I’m not doing that), my parents will send me to the Hospital and I’ll never have freedoms, and my friends aren’t understanding.  I’ve tried to tell my friends in a low-key way I’m feeling these feelings but, my house is “better” than some of theirs. How could I be so selfish and make it about me when others in my friend group have it worse but are so happy? I’m numb a lot of the time and have fake happiness that feels real..

Another problem is that I can’t explain what’s going on. I barely even know why I’m upset over these stupid things (I’m also a Highly Sensitive Person). A few things that I’m struggling with are
1) Weight - I’m not fat, but everyone else is so skinny
2) Self-Confidence in general..
3) My parents. They came from strict and/or shitty backgrounds and they want to “protect” my brother and I from the “dangers of this world”. They also love to throw a billion chores at us because we are their personal maids, not children who need to be cared for and taught lessons. They also act super nice in front of others but can be assholes at us. They aren’t abusive though...?  
4) Friends. My girlfriend is good at listening but she’ll only give advice sometimes. Her advice is really good but since no one is compassionate,(because we’re teens) I feel like no one can help. 
5) I’m bisexual (hence my girlfriend (I’m a girl)) and also atheist. I told my mom I’m atheist and I feel us disconnecting. 
6) Stress. Stress from everything. I have a lot even though I don’t participate in any “activities.”
7) I think I’m on the verge of starting a eating disorder. I skipped lunch today and my brain wouldn’t let me eat a lot of dinner. My breakfast was a granola bar. I’m also planning on running in the morning so I can get skinny.  

I’m also 99.9% sure I have Violence Obsession Disorder as well. I have scenes just come into my brain about me hurting people/animals I love or something happening to them. It’s like my brain wants me to do it but it won’t actually let me. It’s terrifying and I know I would never do any of those things. 


I’d like to apologize for the mess this post is. I’m not actually allowed to have my phone unless I listen to music while doing chores and it’s 10:27 pm (snuck it). My parents are helicopter parents so I don’t really have freedoms.
Seriously, I don’t know what this is but I’m a mess and I want to end my life. I doubt I’d regret it either.