please help meThis is going to be long winded if I ever finish it at all, so I'm sorry for that.

Obviously since I'm posting in SW you can assume that I feel pretty fucking awful. I've made a few SW posts and deleted them immediately thereafter out of pure embarrassment and self hatred for even considering to call for help, and maybe that's an issue in itself. I don't know. But I just want to give you a little bit of insight unto my life, as I experience it, and maybe get some help for it. Although inside I know this whole process isn't going to do much for me at all. 

I've been depressed - numb, separated from the world, self-hating and mostly apathetic- since I was about 8 years old. When I was fucking *eight*. At this point, I struggle to look back on fond memories of true, pure happiness since I've been in this state for so long. Sometimes, I become dubious of my own understanding of the concept of happiness - but the knowledge that it exists, the knowledge that I am socially alone in my illness, does nothing to help the feeling of isolation already instilled within myself. At this stage, my arms are so fucking burnt and cut that I couldn't wear a T-Shirt in public without drawing lots of unwanted attention - and having major paranoia I generally struggle to cope with any kind of public attention at all. 

Almost a year ago, I was with a girl who ended up cheating on me with another guy, not just fucking him but falling in love with him after an otherwise stable 8 month relationship. In spite of all that, I really did enjoy the time I had with her for one reason and one reason alone; Drugs. Words cannot describe how good it feels to have a substance, a switch, to just turn your brain off and send it somewhere that feels good. It felt great to finally disassociate myself from anxiety and depression, it felt great to be alive. I remember lying in my bed one night around that time whispering to myself; 'I am finally happy.'

But, naturally, once she'd cheated with me and after a painful 2 months of me trying to recollect our once beautiful relationship, I broke up with that girl and was alone again. Once I had gone through all of my own supply, I didn't have any way of getting drugs, mainly due to how paranoid I am when it comes to meeting or talking to others. So I didn't have the fucking guts to talk to a dealer, and my only gateway to happiness was gone. 

It's been a year since then. My mind is descending, slowly, into total madness. I suffer from hallucinations as a result of my minds attempt to escape from this horrible reality, I have nobody I could call a friend other than my current Girlfriend (who I keep myself tortuously alive for), and my paranoia isn't getting any better. I've been through all sorts of antidepressants and had them not work at all, I've had therapy that hasn't worked for me either. My hatred for everything around me, including myself, is at an all time high. It feels hollow to not be alive for yourself, but to force yourself to be alive for others. 

I've only really included necessary information here. I could write you a fucking book about my self pity, but I don't feel like that's necessary. I'm writing to SW because I need to stay alive for the sake of my girlfriend and my family, but living is becoming more and more of a chore. It would also be nice to feel a glimpse of happiness again. 

I'm probably going to delete this within the hour I've posted it

Please help me