I feel ugly, and it makes me feel like I have less value as a person.I deal with body dysmorphia. Not that the things I see don't exist, but I realize that I obsess over my appearance more than most people do.

I find myself hideous. My face slants. It's fucked up that I couldn't just have a normal face. Doesn't have to be gorgeous. But I mean, my whole fucking face slants to the side. Logically, I know that people probably don't care. But I constantly think about when I am talking to people. I see it. I obsess over plastic surgery. I obsess over ways to make it less noticeable. It's going to cost around $20-30,000 if I want to fix it. Part of the problem is I have a cross under bite. So it makes my jaw slant to the left. But then I have a droopy eye. Which looks more apparent because of the slanted jaw. If I want to get the eye fixed that's around $3-5000. Even my fucking ears are slanted. My face looks like I had bell's palsy, but without the complete loss of muscle movement in the side of my face. 

These things aren't in my head. I wish I had full on body dysmorphia where I just see things that aren't real. I've posted on /r/rateme and people have pointed out exactly the things I see. When I was a kid and got my ears pierced at the mall, they said they normally would pierce one ear a little higher and the other a little lower to make them look symmetrical. However, my ears are so crooked that they couldn't even do that. You can't even surgically fix crooked ears.  Today I went and got botox, and the lady recommended that I get microblading for my eyebrows because it would make my eye look less droopy. Which of course I'm going to do (but not with her), because if I can make myself look less crooked for a couple hundred bucks then yes I'm going to do it. Beats the several thousand. 


My family thinks I'm vain. Which I guess I am. But you know, that's pretty freaking easy for them to say. Somehow I was the only one born with a half smashed face. I'm the ugly duckling. But I'm superficial because I want to get work done to make myself look normal. 

I understand that I'm being shallow. Of course people still will talk to me even if I'm ugly. I'm great at making friends. But you know what I'm not good at? Getting guys I love to stay. They move on to much prettier girls. I'm the girl they date while they have low self-esteem. I have a nice body. I'm the girl they want to hit and quit. You bang the body, but you marry for the face. 

I just don't think I'll be at peace in my head until I get the surgeries done. But I can't afford them. Sure, you'll probably tell me that it won't make me happy. I call bull shit. When I was younger, I had an eating disorder. I hated my body. I hated my thighs and wanted that coveted thigh gap. Now, years later, I work out, and like I said, I have a good body with curves. But I also now have that coveted thigh gap. And you know what? I fucking love it. It makes me feel good that I can stand with my feet together and my thighs don't touch. Dumb that I put so much value on it? Yeah, probably. But it rings true that if I fixed my other physical flaws that it would make me feel better too.