I don't have much more than myself now. I just wanted to talk.[This will be a lot of text. I'm terribly sorry. I just needed to get this out.]


It's 3AM here. Haven't been able to sleep. Very shady thoughts are flowing through my mind. I just needed to get this out. To talk to someone perhaps.


I am a man, and have been for my whole life.


I hate it. I hate every single cultural and stereotypical aspect of it. I hate being the one my mother had to lean over when her and dad got divorced, all the while forcing me to be strong one. I was 4. I was 4 years old when I noticed that if I wasn't the little constant light of my mother's life, she could loose her will. I've seen it happen. Everytime I went down, she went with me. If I cried, it was like her world was ending. If I ever felt pain, be it physical or emotional, Mom could never know, because the more she knew, the more she stopped functioning. If I ever stopped, I knew she could end up worse.


I grew up mostly numb. My earliest memories are of people asking my mother in a worried tone why I was so quiet. To which she replied "Ah, he's just like this, everything is fine, isn't it?". I could never awnser something that wasn't a yes or a smile, and that followed me through my whole life.


I don't blame her for anything. She just wasn't made that strong and I love her more than anything. She needed the help of her child to stay strong. But what happens when the child feels a pressure to be the pillar standing between his mother's life and death all of the time?


I'm so fucking sorry Mom but it hurt so much.


She had a tough life. A shitty family, and little things to hold onto on the way. Maybe at that moment, the  thing was me.


I was raised like this. To be kind. To be sensitive. To care. And I'm proud of the person I have become.


But there is a problem.


As someone born as a man, and combined with my unconscious numb and protective posture, I notice a lot of people that I love simply assume that I will be their guard. Their pillar.


And I hate that so much because all I only wanted from the beggining of my life was to have a true hug. Not one from a Mother, in desperate need of motivation. Not one from a father, who admires me as a self accomplishment and not much more.


I wanted a hug from someone who wanted to, maybe, for the first time of my life, take care of me.


I'm sorry I don't want to sound preposterous or delusional. It just hurts so goddam fucking much to not be able to be wrapped up in someone's arm, with them telling you everything will be fine...


I pieced this story together thanks to years of therapy. But therapy itself isn't enough.


Those shady thoughts I mentioned are from my ex.


She used me as tool to personal satifaction (in all of the senses of the word. I do not want to ellaborate), because she noticed my trauma and exploited it. She understood that if she played well enough, I would do anything. Because I loved her so much. Because the child inside me could not bear to see someone else slipping from life.


She made constant threats of suicide. She would give me the silent treatment for days if I didn't make things she demanded. She would confuse me with logical falacies and promisses of love.


I was her little puppy. I never wanted to leave her side. And she was always playing hard. Even when we were on a fully established relationship.


I was honest about everything. Including my pains from her barely talking to me for 2 days because I did not spend my pension money with Ice Cream that she would literally eat alone. After having 2. And other obnoxiously ridiculous things like that. I used every bit of my energy to be there for her. To listen. To understand. To love. To be there. Going as far as not sleeping. It was never enough. "You barely love me like I do." said the angel who made fun of me at the point of bringing me to tears after not being able to get an erection. Discussions always started with me objecting something unfair, unthoughtful or unreasonable she did, and ended up with me apologising.


Things didn't work out. But getting away was hard, perhaps because she was the closest of emotional comfort I ever got.


She would later threaten to invade my house after I took a decision to be more respectful with myself.


She hit me. In front of at least 5 friends.


No one did anything, as I would later find out they assumed I was the wrong one, "because I was the man".


She was cheating on me with her best friend. Who she is currently dating today.


And here I am. Almost a year later.


I don't think I'll ever be able to give deep relations another go. Any sort of social interaction makes me extremelly nervous.


I started to feel more and more alone, and honestly, I've been taking this for most of my life.


I'm not sure if I want to continue.