sorry - 12/9/19 - 9:53 pm to 10:28 pmsome 18+ mentions up ahead.

as the decade comes to an end, i realize now that my life has always been messed up. not as bad as others, but i'm not strong enough for it to seem as small as it really is. if i kill myself at any point in time, please read this and you'll know why.

before i start, let me say, i'm struggling with gender identity as i'm typing this so let's just say i'm young and non-binary, born female.

\--------

when i was born, i had and have multiple sicknesses. none are really visible, and i'm not sure exactly what they are, but i have a very distinct scar on my lower stomach. 

from ages 1-4 i lived with my grandmother, my mom, my dad, and my uncle. my uncle was and is severely depressed, and just started abusing drugs at this point. i don't remember much from this time in my life, but it was mostly happy. he made a video/movie about his life and i was in it. there was alot of violence and i remember that in the film, my mother was being chased by a man with a gun. i've had a fear of my mother being killed ever since then.

from ages 5-9 i moved to a new house with my parents, but i visited my grandmother frequently and her house was kind of like a safe place to me. around age 6 or 7, the same man who chased my mother with a gun in the film (he was a friend of ours) came to our house, drunk, and assaulted both of my parents with either a pistol or a bat (can't remember). my step brother sexually assaulted me multiple times, and my grandmother had to sell her house. my uncle attempted to kill himself by ODing on drugs in our bathtub. some guy my age at the time touched me in places that i wished he didn't.

ages 10-11, i started feeling depressed and thought about self harm. came out to my parents as pansexual by having a breakdown in front of them. i started having frequent visits with a school counselor. another guy my age kept calling me things like "his sex toy" or "slut" and he'd always tell me about an nsfw dream he had about me, him, and another guy.

age 12 up until now. started cutting, lying to my parents, getting into toxic relationships. was manipulated into being in a relationship with some girl i didn't like. was sent to therapy. drove/hiked through an EF1 tornado, one of my best friends passed away, my step-brother was kicked out of the house and i've only seen him once since then. my boyfriend, who was the only person i trusted at the time, ghosted and cheated on me, my friend calls me every night saying she's going to hurt or kill herself, and i almost committed suicide.