Don't know what to do.I have no friends, my family has disowned me since I lost years of my life to heroin addiction and stolen, cheated and begged thousands of pounds from them, I then lost my daughter when my partner and I had a relapse. As if I hadn't lost it all already my partner is now telling me that I am useless to her because my autism gets in the way of so much and it cannot be changed, we argue all the time and it's upsetting our 10 month old son, the only thing I live for, and social work worry that we will be unable to look after him separately as separately we have both had a poor track record of looking after ourselves, I've lost multiple tenancies to being a total mess and they worry about her mood. I feel the relationship breaks down I will be homeless, I have been in hostels before where I would have my food stolen from the freezer, people climbing in windows or breaking in doors and stealing my stiff, I have a chipped tooth from when my roommates friend headbutted my face and knocked me out, I can't go back there but with no family or friends to help and social work useless (told me that I am unlikely to be rehoused anywhere other than a hostel for at least a year,) then since I have no job and no possessions I will be in an empty flat after the year is up, probably in a bad area, and I will be waiting months for any help with this, and during the time I am in a hostel or unfurnished property I will have very limited contact with my son and if my partner can't handle him alone he will likely go to my brother where I will not see him either. My partner has spat on me, hit me, told me that I would be as well as dead or back on drugs and I worry about losing my son, then I will truly have nothing to live for. My brother and his partner work and could probably provide a better life for him than I could having never worked a day in my 31 years and as my social worker said, my killing myself would hurt him, he'd get over it fast and forget me, but it would hurt. Beginning to think on those grounds that my death would benefit him, he'd likely get a better home and as I have never had any friends outside drugs, never found a partner until a neighbour randomly asked me in and have no job prost, no rights to the flat I live in or any of its contents, no family, and the benefit system is proving less and less and we already struggle to survive on both of our benefits and once I have my money halved I will truly have nothing. What do I do in this position? I would like to have a good life but it looks now as though that is an absolute impossibility and suicide is looking a bit better every day. I worry that if I don't kill myself I will be existing a life worse than death. I ButI wish there was another way, anything that was going for me, but there is nothing.