I no longer want to be married to my wife and it's killing me...My wife is just mean.  She's spiteful most of the time and I've noticed it's rubbed off on me.  I can not make her happy in any way.  The more I try the more insulting she becomes a day later.  After about 7 yrs of marriage, I feel no sort of love from her at all and I'm starting to forget why I married her.  I'm basically loosing my best friend, the one I'm supposed to tell everything to.  I no longer want her company and I want to just completely end our marriage.  

We have a 3yr old daughter and it breaks my heart to feel this way.  I really have a hard time just keeping myself sane feeling this way.  I'm heartbroken over finally feeling like my marriage is going to be over and I'm also heartbroken that this little girl won't be living with her dad sometime in the future.

I tried to kill myself with pills over a month ago and failed.  I ended up being hospitalized for about 5 days.  The whole time between then and now my wife has been indifferent towards me.  She refuses to show any sort of empathy in regards to my experience.

I'm starting to not want to live through this.  I'm starting to loose strength and looking for an easy way out.  I really don't have anyone I can talk to about this besides a bi weekly therapist session.  Anything I tell my wife is met with hostility.  I find myself not being able to express myself honestly to her, and that hurts.

I need to get away from this at least for a while to breath.  I've hung out with friends and family, which results in her becoming jealous.  So, I tend to rush home so I can spend time with her, only to be met with indifference and boredom.

I don't want to live in this marriage anymore.  I don't have the strength right now to do the cruelest thing ever to my wife and daughter and file for divorce like I want to.   I'm not sleeping because of the stress and probably not eating correctly.  I'm about to break and I feel the urge to just goto sleep and never wake.  Any thoughts?  Thanks.