I broke free of my depression 2 years ago, but now I find myself sinking deeper into than ever, what's the point? It feels like running away from something while standing on a treadmill.Wall of text ahead, read it if you wish, I just wanted to get it all out before it was too late.

I just really need someone to talk to, and all my friends seem to have a "Don't ask don't tell" policy when it comes to emotional issues, and immediately change the subject whenever I bring up my depression.

During Junior High, as a kid with ADHD, and a constant need to be the center of attention, I became the class clown. I was good at it too, I rode the fine line in between vulgar enough to get detention, and unexpected enough to make the entire class burst out laughing. Easily 3/4 of the grade was friends with me, but I had only one best friend. When junior high ended, so did my days of having lots of friends. My best friend elected to go to an alternate high school, leaving me to follow the herd with the rest of my grade to other school. I was a pretty good student in junior high, mid-high 90's in all subjects. Despite this, I was brought out to the hall and told by multiple teachers that I'd have no chance of making it in high school with the way I acted. I took their advice to heart, and I became a quiet kid in every class, whereas before I was the one disrupting things. By mid-grade 10,  I had made a group of friends, 3 guys, and 4 girls who were all pretty much in-betweeners, who, needless to say, were cooler than me. When I was hanging out with them, I could legitimately be myself again. Due to having to learn  how to control my ADHD without meds, I suppressed my attention-seeking urges whenever I was in any situation I wasn't comfortable, but with them, I could truly be myself again. For at least a year and a half, I experienced all the normal highschool things with them, getting drunk for the first time, road trips, smoking weed etc. Things started to turn sour at this point. I had developed a massive crush on one of the girls of the group. She was everything I wanted. She was attractive, athletic, intelligent,humble and quick-witted. Being the socially anxious piece of shit I am at this point in time, I decide the best way to get her attention is by intermittently acting like a dick to her, and then being a good friend, ad infinitum. This of course, didn't work, but it did succeed in ostracizing me from the group, save my closest male friend. By this point, I'd gained another group of friends, mostly band kids, and all male. They were never as close of friends as the original group I had, but they were crazy, and many good times were had. By this time, high school was winding down. My attendance, as consequently, my grades had declined each year towards my graduation [(Low 90's grade 10),(Mid-High 80's Grade 11),(Low-Mid 70's Grade 12). Despite this, I felt that I was ready to set off on my own, and forge my own path at the major university in my area, hours away from home. By the time I got to university, I was a ticking timebomb. My long aforementioned original best friend from junior high decided to go to the same school, and ended up rooming just across the hall from me. He thrived, I wilted. My social anxiety grew to monstrous levels, due to no longer having the security blanket of a close network of friends. I withdrew into my room, often not leaving for 30+ hours. I went to no classes, and withdrew from all my classes. I was so afraid of facing my mistakes, and so disgusted with myself for making them in the first place, that I refused to let the world see me. I'd sleep through the day and go to get meals at night so that no one would see my shame. After the semester, I returned home, broken, and utterly ashamed to be the piece of shit that I am. After months of lackadaisical searching, I lucked into an amazing job, with the chillest store owner of all time. As I'd established myself back into my hometown, I'd fallen back in with the band crowd, who still do the same routine every week, but damn do they have fun doing it. Over the last year and a half, despite having broken free of my depression and social anxiety, I have made no headway with any girl. Despite being the dance contest winner at our ratchet-ass junior high dance contests, or perhaps because of it, I freeze up when I hit a dance floor, despite being 100% mentally capable of it. After all this, I feel myself falling back into the same old patterns, due to the mundane nature of my new life. If I can't even make my own life better, what's the point in living? I will not let myself be caught in this recurring cycle of depression, and my final act of defiance to the universe, will be to take my life of my own volition. I've had no say in being born, the height I grew up to be, the people I've met. The only thing I have control over in this life is how I exit it.  