Guys, I'm afraid I might do it soon, I don't know if I want to, but the painHear me out, I'm a fucking idiot

I'm 23 years old, and yes, I do have some struggles in life, but nothing that cannot be overcome, decent job, a lot of stress because of trying to complete school while at it, and the like. But nothing that would drive a person to kill themselves, theoretically speaking.

But I'm in pain, my mental pain, I swear, it translates into physical pain, whenever I feel it, which is getting more and more often, I can feel it below my heart, in my ribs, it's like a constant pressure,  a sting.

Want to hear what are the idiotic thoughts that are torturing me?
I want to die before my parents. I feel like tearing up while writing this, but I kind of hate them for loving me so much, for having such a wonderful, close relationship with me, as an only child, not gifting me a sibling, because if they were to go before me, I swear I would go on a fucking rampage, mass shooting shit. I know this sounds insane, but I don't think I'm exactly sane either way.

They are healthy for now, and they keep insisting that they take care of their health for me, but I know, I know that one day, of course, naturally, they are to pass away, leaving me without parents, without my two angels, and that thought makes me want to stab myself in the heart a million times. 
I REFUSE TO GO THROUGH THAT, fuck the circle of life, fuck nature, fuck the old die, the young live, I want them with me forever, and if one of us have to die, then I'm going to be the one going, I know it will hurt them like hell, I know, but I refuse to ever live without them. 

What kind of fucking sick joke is life? Giving you the gift of unconditional love, and then taking it away. 

I've been to psych, I've been on medication for almost a week, but  I don't think I can keep up with this any longer, it pains because I don't exactly want, since I don't want to hurt my parents, but I cannot envision myself having to go through the hell of ME losing them. 