I don't know what to do, I couldn't make myself do it.This is really jumpy and has terrible grammar/spelling.  I can barely type I'm sobbing so hard but I have to tell someone.

Everything was fine last night!  I had a good talk with my mom, nothing was different than normal. This morning was nightmare fuel. Before I list the things they said that hurt worst I should say that I have no self-esteem at all.  None.  The person I was closest to is my mum, which is fucked up to begin with by her history.  When she gets mad she holds no bounds and my dad is so selfish he thinks he selfless, plus so shoved up her ass he can see out her mouth.  So I guess I'm stupid to be so fucking shocked by this.  I know raising me must have been pretty joyless and I know my mom has been really depressed here recently.  And I'm not going to talk about my dad much because he recently had a huge mystery medical thing happen so I feel bad being so mad at him. This is my bitching; I'm sorry about the wall of text.

 I can't stand being alive already and my parents today just told me the same terrible things they always do- that I was an asshole, that my siblings hate everything about me, that I'm a the laziest piece of shit in the family and its a running joke, that I'm insane and can't do anything, that I'm so immature that they don't even understand it, that I'm manipulative, that it doesn't matter that I'm suicidal and depressed since I'm everyday, that they are putting me back in the school that drove me to hospitalization last Christmas, that they won't put me back in the hospital because the hospital won't take me because we can't (won't) pay, that everyone that has known me for a long period of time thinks I'm a piece of shit, that I think I'm some sort of royalty and am the reason my siblings can't behave, and that there is no point in taking me to a doctor since it just made it worse last time and I'm selfish and am the center of everyone's life because of this.  For my age I'll say that I don't have a driver's license but was in high school.  I was sexually abused as a kid and it really fucked me up- I don't feel like a human because of it I guess- and my dad was screaming in my face two inches from my face telling me he would throw me outside the house if I brook his house (even though all I had done was forcefully open a cabinet door) and that I know nothing and I don't know how good I have it.  I don't.  Logically I know that they've done things/are still doing things that are illegal especially with health hazards around the house (feces all over certain place etc.) but they can clean it up and everyone will think I'm lying.  I think my mom's been lying (no surprise) and telling family members things about me to make them not believe me but maybe I'm just crazy.  God knows I've never really understood what being hyper paranoid was before the last four months but know I feel like I have to question everything because of all the fucking lying!  

I've had huge mental problems since I was little and my mom knew they were rapidly coming to a peak but she and him went on this rampage today anyways.

It was my fault, that's the worst part.  She told me really shitty about this cleaning thing I wasn't doing and I got upset.  It was the wrong thing to do.  I'm not trying to excuse being disrespectful but I spent the whole night fighting off this terrible feeling of not being worthy to be alive already on top of all the other stress I've had going on.  Just so you know I'm not being a stupid dramatic teen;  my anxiety problems and social problems the ones that put me in the hospital last year made it so my mom decided to homeschool me on the word of my therapist at the time.  Its been about a year and there has been no teaching no anything school wise.  I used to have such big plans now I know I won't ever even get a high school diploma.  I have panic attacks for no reason now on top of the triggers I used to have.  The house makes me want to die but I can't make myself fix it myself- there are so many of us and too too many animals.  I don't even think its bad enough if I told someone they'd get in trouble because it'd be such an easy fix.  I'm so confused constantly now.  My mom constantly lies I think- all the extended family talks about her pathological lying.  Oh, and these screaming things have been 100% worse before and my aunt who honestly is one of the most manipulative all around bastard I know (and one of the worst parents) still talks to my grandma in shock about the things my mom said to me in front of her(my aunt.)  Mom says that these people, my family and my old doctors, were only humoring me.  The doctors because it's there job to make me feel better and the family out of love of drama (which they do love, I just find the consistency of this hard to swallow if it is a lie.)  

I don't know what to believe.  I feel like this person they're talking about- I am a lazy piece of shit who can't function like a human being. I literally don't see anyone outside the family and never leave the house so I have noon to talk to.  I never have had friends really before anyways.   The fact that reddit was the only place I could turn says something.  I had everything perfect to kill myself 30 mins ago but I couldn't do it.  I've tried before twice I don't know why this is different but it was and now I am a coward too.  I hope they don't see this- they reddit.

