I think I'm going to kill myself tonightI'm an 18 year old guy and I'm more alone than I've ever been. I'm away at a school that I hate, surrounded by people that don't care about me, over a hundred miles away from anyone that even remotely gives a shit about me. I have no friends, which isn't anything new for me, but now it's just unbearable. I had a girlfriend back home that broke up with me over text while I was still in class, over time I found out that she didn't like me nearly as much as I thought she did and it made me doubt all of the compliments she had given me over our short time together, taking what little self confidence I had away. I spend half of my time zoned out in class and the other half crying in my room. I put on a smile when I leave in the morning but my heart feels empty and I can't convince myself why I should keep going. 

I'm a son, a brother, a grandson, a nephew, and a cousin. But I'm no one's friend. The only people that love me are the ones that have to love me. No one chooses to. If I die the world will keep spinning, the sun will still rise and set, my family will be sad but that's to be expected. Any "friends" I have will move on in a month, two at most, and I'll just be a distant memory. My life hasn't impacted anyone positively, no one will want to talk to me just to realize that I'm gone. I just want these feelings to stop, I want my tears to stop flowing, I don't want to feel anything anymore. I just want to die and stop being such an annoyance to everyone in my life. 

Edit: Thank you everyone so much. I promise that this wasn't an empty cry for attention. I've been struggling a lot lately and I was seriously considering it tonight after a conversation with the same girl that broke up with me made me question a lot of the things that happened in our relationship. It basically sent me into a spiral and made me really just want to end it and make her and everyone else that had caused me so much pain over the years to see what happens when they just don't care about what others feel like. It was dumb but after a close attempt over the weekend I was just having some real problems coping. Thank you to everyone that messaged me and helped me through this. I'm going to work at this and try to make a change.