I really don't know what to do...I honestly don't even know how to write this, so please excuse my messed up head, way of writing, or some complete nonsense I'm about to write...      
I've had these two amazing years with the most amazing girl; she definitely was the girl of my dreams, until about three months ago, when she broke up with me. I cared for her, I really did - up to the point where I would have given everything for her, loved her madly. All this went down on me, now I may look happy, seem happy, but only a handful of people actually know I haven't been happy for a day since all that happened. Was just having surgery the day it all happened, so that also put salt on the wound. So, in the present time, I've got a well paying job, got an offer to make something out of myself in the music business, too, I'm on summer holidays and have time to spare - an average Joe would say I've got it all, but in reality, I have no focus, cannot concentrate on a damn thing, and not a day goes by that I don't think of this girl. Seen her a few times since then, had a chat with her and it felt so good... Those five minutes seemed like I was in heaven, but then the new day comes and I'm back at it again, depression. This thing changed me as a person so much that I can't even describe it - stopped doing so many things that I thought were a problem, but still I can't find my peace. I've tried going out with other girls, I had fun for a day or two max., then the feeling slams me back.      
I think you guys know what I'm talking about, as I'm even boring myself with typing it over and over again - so a tl;dr version would be that I'm quite sure I'm not going to get over her, I've tried so many things, but honestly not a fucking day goes by that I don't think of her, and I think of her a lot. Every day seems the same even though it's not, I've got friends to hang out with, but I just end up in my own head trying to picture a better future, with the girl and myself. I just have no idea what to do anymore, but I really can't do this for much longer, it's destroying me, day by day.     
Thank you for reading this, thank you so much.     
For you guys living a happy, loving life - if you love her madly, never let her go; it's probably the best thing that's ever going to happen to you, and you'll only figure that out once she leaves.