I’m confused, I can’t stop spiralling.I was raped. But I wasn’t. 
I can’t understand him. I don’t know what he was thinking. I feel like I can’t even remember what happened clearly anymore.

After the first time, I kept going back. I asked for more. I asked him to hurt me, to kill me.

He almost did. I wish I knew what he was thinking. 

He always told me how delusional I was. And I know. I deluded myself as a coping mechanism.

I always try to make sense of it all but I can’t. Did I make him worse? Was he like this to begin with? 

What if I hurt him as much as he hurt me.

What if I’m just placing the blame on him so I can feel better.

I can’t even express how I feel because it’s such a mess inside my head.

I recently turned 18 and started university this year. It’s been 5 months since I attempted suicide.

I’m haven’t been in contact with him for months too. 

I think about him everyday. The idea of him instantly makes me dizzy, sick and horrified.

But he is not a monster. He’s kind and caring in many ways.

He strangles me when I keep fighting back. He bites me so hard that I scream. He inflicts pain upon me until I pass out. He has sex with me when I beg him to stop. He tells me everything is going to be okay when I cry. He let’s the room be dark since I don’t want to be seen naked. He lets us stay under the sheets when he rapes me because I want it. He asks if I’m okay during it. He stokes my head. He asks before he punches me. He apologises after. He wants to kill himself after because he is so sorry. 

I wish I could forget it all. I loved him, I really believe I did. And maybe I still do. I miss a lot of things.

Everything is a mess. I’ve been to multiple mental health professionals and it hasn’t helped.

One man told me I wasn’t at all depressed and smirked when I brought up masochism. He asked me if my vagina hurt when I was raped.

Others disregard it completely. They’re right. I wasn’t raped. I caused it. I was foolish.

I’m tired. I was depressed before I met him. And after all these years it’s still here.

But I’m happy. I get my studies done, I socialise often, I even got a casual job, people always ask how I’m always so full of energy and happy.
That’s what happiness is right?