please someone help me calm downthrowaway account for obvious reasons 

i don’t know where to start but i really really need someone right now and i don’t know where else to go 

i have anxiety&amp;depression but i’m being watched for signs of bipolar disorder/borderline personality disorder. the past 4 months or so i’ve been dealing with really bad intrusive thoughts. i’ve started to believe everybody is a bad person. i’ve started to think horrible things. i have mood swings every single fucking day. i started therapy but i’ve only had four appointments so far so i haven’t really gotten much out of it. 

one of the intrusive thoughts i’ve been getting recently is that i feel like i was raped. and i was sexually assaulted as a young kid once, and i was exposed to things i shouldn’t have been exposed to. but i don’t ever remember being raped. whenever i have sex with my boyfriend now, i become completely disconnected. i don’t feel like i’m even in my body. that’s all i can think about. sometimes i can distract myself but other times i can’t. lately once we’re done i’ve been having panic attacks, i still don’t feel like i’m in my own body, and i just feel completely disconnected from reality and i don’t know how else to explain it. this horrible feeling comes over me and i just don’t feel like myself anymore. 

well tonight we had sex and i had those thoughts, i was fine for the most part but once we finished i started feeling really emotional. i started panicking and all of a sudden i got these chills running throughout my body &amp; i felt like i was no longer in it, and i also got the uncontrollable urge to hurt my boyfriend. the more i panicked the more i felt like i was not going to be in control of my body so i tried to calm myself as much as i could. i’m in the bathroom now. he’s asleep and doesn’t know about this. i don’t know why i felt that way but i’m freaking the fuck out. i’ve never felt something like that before, i’ve never felt like i have absolute no control over my body. it felt like i got fucking possessed. i got it to go away but it lasted way too long and felt too real and i don’t know what to do i’m in my bathroom and now i just want to kill myself. i just need someone to calm me down. i’ve gotten intrusive thoughts before to hurt somebody but i’ve never actually felt it like that and i’m so fucking scared