Things Are WeirdIf I start out by saying that I feel as if I have no one at all to turn too then it would not be true. I have friends- a friend I could talk with about this seriously and it would make me feel better for a little bit. I have a career and goal, I suppose of what I've wanted to do with my life, but the thing is that theres nothing really wrong except my grades and whats going on inside my head. 

It always takes a bit for me to find clarity in my head as I have depression, ptsd, anxiety, and derealisation; all diagnosed and put away with some anti-depressants until they untie their bindings and flop around in my brain. 

A year ago, i made a blog post on blogspot about how i was suicidal and thinking of taking the year off from my schooling to figure out myself and to get away from my mother who was hitting me in the head so intensely that I had started getting bloody noses.
She really kocked my head around for a bit. 
My dad isnt there, he knows and he just doesnt give a shit. Im more mad than upset. 
Cps eventually found out and I was taken away for a bit during christmas break. 
(Fuck this post's grammar btw) 
A school mate found it and messaged me, it was then that I realized that I didn't really feel different, that i just passed the pain in my brain and was now residing in my derealised state of mind. The fact a year had gone by was... well i cried a lot in calculus that day hiding in the bathroom.

My brain is so broken, im incapable of love, hate, only sadness. Id cut if i didnt want to let anyone know right away. Pain makes me happy, and thats so fucking retarded.

I dont care who i hurt if i kill myself. Well maybe my best friend because she would probably do a lot of oxys and heroin if she found out- but when im this apathetic on the brink of upset i don't care at all.

I find that the lack of change despite all the medication and four therapists is too exhausting this past year. My life now is good, and the way my grades are headed is shit when my brain falls asleep when i open my books and i start thinking about how my sadness, schoolwork, and marijuana has piled up that im pinned. I feel fine though in my sleep. 

Its like im looking from a window into the sky, watching the clouds move in front of my sad eyes and gravity is pushing me away from it. 
Im falling

~when you absent mindedly write "i wanted" instead of "i want" when talking about ending your life. 



