my dad doesnt give two craps about me. im constantly depressed, tired, bored, lonely and sad.. i cry for no reason and i just dont know what do do anymore.. please helpEdit so, ive always had an okay life. not great, but do able. when i was young my dad was my hero. then at the age of 3, my parents divorced, and i got to see my dad like 2 or three times a year. i have 2 older sisters. my moms boyfriend was extremely abusive to all of us, and we grew scarred. not physically, but emotionally. he would scream and yell and call all of us names. he left us so many times and came back and now im living with him again. he got his problems sorted out and hes nice now. so my dad... he beat up my oldest sister because she was drunk and they havent talked for about 11 years/ shes 25 now. my dad said he didnt consider her his daughter anymore. so my second older sister, shes 21 now and my dad never tries to contact her. my dad has a new wife who would always complain about how we made a mess (like leaving a wrapper or two on the table or something) and how we ate all of their food. she always makes my dad tell him to tell us stuff SHE doesnt like because she doesnt want to be the bad guy. they have 3 kids together. and ever since i could remember, my dads always said he would take me and my sister to meico for a vacation. he never has. but has gone soo many fukcing times behind OUR backs with ALL OF HIS NEW KIDS. and lies to us and never tells us cause he knows its wrong of him. its so upsetting. i once asked for 40 dollars once and he said no, claiming that it would be a waste because ' all my animals die anyways.' (because i wanted a pet lizard.)

and he once got my sister a bag of used clothes for christmas. and buys us the crappiest stuff like a blanket, some candy, ugly clothes.. and i think its because he lets his wife do everything. shes a control freak and always yells at him and tells him what to do. its like he has no brain for himself. meanwhile he enrolls his new kids in hockey, swim lessons, karate lessons and gets them whatever the hell they want. it was in the court papers that i had to go visit for summer, cristmas and march break and only i could say no to visiting. i never did. untill recently. (please keep reading i have a lot more to write as i havent even asked the question yet)

ive always seen my dad as the best guy in the world. hes funny, and he makes me laugh and feel good. being around him is just great.. i feel warm when hes there.. i havent seen him since i started thinking this. about a year ago, i started to really think about why my sisters had strange feelings about him. i started to learn more and more about him and it lifted that nice sunshine i placed over him for so long because i just wanted to believe that he really loved me and cared for me.

since i turned 16, he sent me some flowers, (or most likely, his wife because i also found out it wasnt even him writing me my birthday cards and every other card i got from them...) it said that since i was 16 i would be able to book when i would be able to come to visit. which basically meant: i dont care if i see you so im not going to bother unless YOU ask ME to come visit. that was in february. i was supposed to see him for march break, but he never contacted me about it so i did. at first,

he didnt answer but then at the very last second, he said i wouldnt be able to come visit because he said he wouldnt be able to do anything with me because his arthritis was getting bad. then he tried to soften the blow by saying id have more fun being with my boyfriend instead. i mean, i hadnt seen him in such a long time i didnt even care if we didnt do aything special. i think it was just a lie. so i said i would be coming for easter and he agreed.

easter came around and i decided to stay home because i didnt really feel welcome anymore.. and i had family visiting so i called and left him a message saying i wouldnt be coming, but lied about why. in the message i said okay so call me back when you get this message. since then he hasnt bothered to contact me in any ways. even though i made him promise me he would contact me more often... he broke his promise.. so im just waiting and waiting for him to call me...

ive been feeling so sick inside for the last like, 8 months and its getting worse and worse each day. i hide my feelings and stuff them deep inside because i just want to forget.. sometimes i just cry and hes not even on my mind... but i think its because i just forget why im sad and it all comes out and i dont even know why im crying. i feel depressed. i usually love to draw but lately i cant anymore. i feel like theres so much i could do but i cant reach it.

im scared to tell him my true feelings. because.. im afraid he'll make another false promise. he lies to me all the time and i feel like if i tell him, he'll just leave me... or wont do anything to fix it. i just want my dad. the one i used to know back.. i want answers so i can at least feel a bit better.. i dont want stupid lies but i mean, i dont know how to come out and say this to him. id be speaking for my sisters too. i want to fix it i want to fix everything and maybe help my sisters too

today was my one year anniversary with my boyfriend. i know im young, but i love him so much. honestly. he tries to help me in any way he can, and now hes starting to think that hes the one causing me this emptiness. sometimes i feel like it is him. but maybe thats just because my mind is clouded over and i need someone else to blame because my dad is 'too perfect' to hurt me. i feel empty when im around my boyfriend sometimes.. but he still makes me laugh and i still love being around him. its just.. im pretty sure its my dad.. hes caused me so much damn pain and it hurts so bad. hes got a new life, so that gives him a reason to lie to me and do stuff behind my back and basically just throw me away because im 16 and i dont legally HAVE to see him now that im an adult??? what the fuck should i do.. im in so much pain i just dont know what to do with my life. i want him to love me... ive thought of suicide many times, but, i feel like that would be worthless. im sorry it was so long if anyone even bothered to read this which probably no one has...
