the only option is to kill myselfThis might be a long post, i'm sorry in advanced..

So i've been depressed since middle school (probably even before that) and i've wasted so many years trying to get into high schools. yes high school, not college or uni.. I guess this is what happens when you're really immature and pathetic and you don't know what you're gonna do with your life.

here's basically a timeline of my life

1= 16 years old: got into health class/line in high school which i wasn't interested in at all, and i was very depressed. in less than two years my parents got divorced (happy for that though, since my dad is abusive), my mom got herself a boyfriend right before i started in high school and moved somewhere else. me, myself and my immature ass was now in an apartment alone, trying to go to school. ofc this didn't work out so long story short, i ended up quitting and moving to where my mother lived.

2= i got into media &amp; communication (high school) and i thought this was it! this is what i wanted to do. yikes. nope. far from it but the first months went okay though, until my dad showed up countless of times and basically scared the shit out of me. (long story short he's batshit crazy, violent and once tried to kidnap me which is why i dont ever wanna see him again). i got more depressed, and my grades started falling, in the end, i failed several classes. there was no use going to school. i was gone too much, and my grades couldn't be saved. i quit.

3= i didn't know what line/class to choose so i didn't try to get into a school this year. (now i'm 18 btw)

4= now we've come to 2016, yay! i tried to get into a "normal" class that everyone picks if they don't know what they really want to become. i didn't get in. i started working and helping out at a vet office though, just to get some job experience while i'm not doing anything special either way. 
-now my dad visited me several times again, and he basically knew my moms working schedule and came when he knew i was alone. one of the times he was yelling outside the house, and tried to kick down the door. after that i just didn't want to go outside and i ditched work for a few days... after this, i straight out told him that he was not welcome and i didn't want to see him. he didn't listen, but my step dad took over and made him leave. that's the last thing i've heard from him.. expect he keeps changing phone numbers and sometimes calls me or messages me.

5= 2017, i have now a slight idea of what i want to study. i'm thinking design, cause i want to become a hair dresser. i needed 4 years to figure that out.. lowkey laughing at myself. 

*public high schools in norway doesn't cost anything, and you can "save" your study years if you don't wanna study for the moment and do it later, unless you're above a certain age

So yea nice timeline.

Now the reason why i'm writing this post is that i don't know what to do if i don't get into school in 2017. Well, i do kinda know. 

Due to wasting so many years, and not seeing anything going well, i honestly just wanna end my life. Nothing more, nor less. I feel embarrassed over not having to be able finishing high school, and i'm gonna turn 20 before i even start my 1st year.

If i do get in next year, that'd be great, but i'll feel so shameful and i'll feel like i'm still not going anywhere in life.
If i don't get in, i don't see any reason to keep living. 

I've messed it up so many times, i'm just an embarrassment for everyone. I've been having suicidal thoughts for the last 3 years, but this time it's just gotten worse.

All i'm thinking about lately is planning my own death.. 

sorry if this post didn't make any sense, my english isn't perfect and i'm not good at getting things out in words.. i just wanted to speak out somewhere
