I don't know where to turn. I don't see any progress. Unsolvable puzzles. Want to give up.Alright, well, I've posted on here a couple times before and apparently haven't offed myself yet, so you're welcome to run through what exists of a background there. Anyhow, here's a quick rundown of my issues. Might make it difficult to take me seriously, but I feel pretty close.

1.) I deal with pathetic and mundane sexual frustration by fantasizing about castration. My user name refers to the man who shot and killed John Wilkes Booth, and emasculated himself in an extreme act of sexual repression. But yeah. I really can't come to terms with my sexuality, and I feel shame for even experiencing this as a problem, so it only feeds on itself.

Can't really date (or even form friendships) since I lack any self-confidence and am kind of dangerous to myself and honestly nobody wants to deal with my shit for good reason. This just makes me feel helpless and deservedly alone. If I were a woman I'm sure I'd see those red flags from a mile away, so I understand why I am where I am. I kind of wish I were asexual.

2.) I just can't find any luck with therapists and it is basically the fault of my uncooperative and needlessly contrarian nature. I simply will not take any advice at face value and basically unconsciously distort any discussion to return to my own self-loathing. I will probably do this if I get into any discussions with any of you. I do not know how to break out of this pattern.

3.) Well. I fantasize about death and suicide a lot, which is why I'm here. I spent a couple hours today reading a report about about combat related injuries and perversely dreaming about my own "total body disruption". I also feel shame for these thoughts.

4.) I haven't really accomplished anything lately and don't really feel any meaningful direction in life, and I'm aware that many or most people are unsure of themselves, but it's become somewhat of a paralyzing obsession of mine. People have told me to imagine Sisyphus happy. I only feel envy for happy Sisyphus. And constantly.

5.) I just don't really feel the energy to deal with any of these problems and see suicide as inevitable.

I really don't want to hurt anybody. I just feel trapped in myself or dead inside. Serious dysphoria and so on. Please. I invite any suggestions. Even insults.