I've failed and I wouldn't mind if I stopped livingI want to make a clear distinction: I don't want to die, but I think unexpectedly dying wouldn't make me sad. The fact that I'm only nineteen probably makes you roll your eyes. But I've already managed to screw things up in only nineteen years, and I just don't see what's so great about what lies ahead. I guess this is sort of a rant about why I feel this way.

What really started all of this was college. My entire existence up until college had one purpose: do well in school so that I can get a scholarship and make my family proud. Well, I took the ACT more times than I can count and I tried as hard as I could in school, but I couldn't reach the numbers. I get a couple thousand each semester in terms of scholarships, and that's it. The other couple ten thousand has to be paid for out of pocket. The worst part is, I always thought of myself as a smart kid, and all of this has completely destroyed my self confidence. I just completed my freshman year, and fall semester was the worst time of my life. Spring semester was better, but it's getting bad again. And I know you'll judge me even more when I tell you my parents are shouldering all of the cost, but that honestly makes it a hundred times worse for me. I think I would rather shoulder the debt myself, but I know my parents wouldn't let me do that because they want me to start out in life without debt.

I have applied for more scholarships throughout the year of course, but haven't received any confirmation or rejection letters. I feel like my entire life revolves around applying for scholarships and doing things so that I'll look good to the boards that review scholarship applications. Just thinking about applying to more scholarships makes my stomach sink. I hate that I was born in America because college is so damn expensive, and I hate that I'm a failure to my parents because they feel the need to pay for my fuck ups. I just want to stop costing them so much. I would never actually kill myself because it would destroy my parents. They would think it was something they did, or they would constantly think if they had said something then things would be different. But if I just had a heart attack or something, I don't think that would be such a bad thing.

The rest of life doesn't seem very exciting anyway. I'm going to college with a plan, but it's not something I'm passionate about. It's something that will put food on the table and let me have fun outside of work. But that's only because I don't have a passion for any job. I do have hobbies and passions, but they aren't things I could make a career out of. Life just really seems like a big disappointment. I don't get why people want to live so much. I feel like I've thought too much and now I can't get back to normal