Growing up people always said “it gets better.” I’d like to know when that might be.Each time I start meds I get hopeful like maybe this is the one. Maybe this is the time I finally get to know what it feels like to want to live. Maybe once in 25 years I will get to know what happiness is. I am 25 and have no idea what those things feel like and I am looking at AT LEAST 25 more years of not knowing, if my smoking and drinking and eating and fucking catch up to me fast enough. I’m killing myself as passively as I can, so no one will notice, so when it finally happens I won’t have to deal with all the judgment and begging me to stay in a world that has no place for me. 

And each time, I’m reminded that I’m incurable, unsaveable, unlovable, and just plain tired. 

I’ve gotten past the “why me.” Why do I have to have bipolar? Why does life have to kick me while I’m down with a new crisis everyday. Why why why. I don’t care why anymore. All that matters is that it is and there is no way out. It doesn’t stop, it’s not going to get better, so I’d like to get off this ride now please. Living life is like being forced to sit through a movie you can’t fucking stand, on repeat, forever, while everyone else is telling you how awesome it is.  And even when everything is perfectly fine, and life is just going normally, it doesn’t go away. Because I don’t want any of it. The only thing keeping me alive is that I can’t leave my cats behind without someone to care for them. They’re the only good thing in this world. And most days in the back of my head there’s the thought that if I’d never gotten them, I would be free to kill myself without having to worry about them. That’s the pain of loving something more than you love life.  

People keep telling me to choose life but this isn’t a life. Waking up exhausted every morning to struggle through my internship and schoolwork, coming home unable to take care of the housework, some random bs sending me spiraling until I’m lying staring at the walls for hours before I finally fall asleep. Lather, rinse, repeat. I don’t have the energy to do anything I enjoy, or the money, or the time. I’m 25 and I’m on mental house arrest while everyone else my age is living their lives. 

And yet I’m expected to suffer through this hell, so my loved ones don’t have to miss me? My only reason for existing is so I don’t make the people I love have to mourn? How is that fair to me? To have to suffer everyday. Shouldn’t the people who love me understand? If I had cancer, if it was something they could SEE, there would be no blaming me for dying. No guilting me. I literally have to keep hoping for a terminal fucking illness so that I can die in peace. How fucked is that? I’ve heard of people who have a suicide attempt and they are glad they survived it years later - if I could go back in time I would have done a better job. All being saved got me was 8 more years of pain. It reminds me of those cheesy vacation T-shirt’s. “I survived my suicide attempt and all I got was this stupid life.” 

I’ve done the therapy. I’ve done the meds. I’ve read articles about what it takes to be happy and tried whatever they suggest. I’ve tried, I really have, over and over and over. People get it wrong when they think I’m suicidal because I hate myself. I don’t hate myself. I have compassion for myself and I don’t deserve to suffer anymore.  Nothing matters. There are billions of people on this earth, hell knows how many have existed before me and how many will exist after me; in 50 years max no one will remember who I am or who any of us are. And one day the planet will explode or melt or whatever it’s gonna do and that will be the end of that and none of it will ever matter. The universe will probably just spontaneously create another lifeform to fuck things up with war and inequality and disease and bullshit. 

And I don’t even care to be remembered. It’d be just fine with me if everyone could just Eternal Sunshine my ass out of their brains like I never existed. I just want to go. I don’t belong here. I feel like an alien stranded here with no way home. 

I’m tired and no one will let me sleep. 