My Body is a Prison(sorry if this is very incoherent and grammatically incorrect, I am in a state x)

I am 17f, and I really don't feel that I can go on anymore. I have had mental health difficulties since I was very young, due to bullying and a religious upbringing. From the ages of 12-16, I found life very difficult when i found out that my best friend's dad was a paedophile who was abusing her, and was likely grooming me. I felt that it was my fault for not recognizing the signs and I still carry this guilt. When my school found out about this, they treated my best friend like shit and would ask 'did you enjoy it' and purposely break her possessions. I was also targeted for being her bestie, and was bullied for my overall ugliness. One girl even sent her boyfriend to stalk me home because apparently I 'hurt people', even though I never hurt anyone and was the victim of bullying. At 15 my dad threatened to kill himself twice in front of me, I love him but he struggles with mental health and alcoholism. I feel that he chooses these things over me. My mum is also very religious, so knowing that she believes I am condemned to hell has really fucked me up mentally for a long time. She used to make me go to this awful church for 3 years, it filled my soul with religious delusion and guilt even though I am not religious myself

I started college at 16 and momentarily life got better. I was no longer bullied and had close friends and was starting a relationship. But things started to go wrong when this one guy I rejected began to verbally sexually harass me for months. He later abused one of my friends whilst she was asleep - news that i am still processing. Lockdown was awful, my dad's mental illness and my own were very toxic in combination.

I began college again (I chose new subjects for a fresh start) in September but things just got worse. My life is dissolving. I have had to take a whole term off, and although I am self-studying, I know I can't keep this up long-term. I just cannot face people. I feel so ugly, inside and out. My body feels like a prison and I don't want to subject people to seeing it. I keep getting intrusive thoughts of smashing my face in with a hammer. I feel that being given a barely womanly face is just the universe's joke upon me. 

My mum is trying to support me but through her frustration of this situation she directs her anger at me, makes out that I think the world revolves around me and she can't 'trust' me because I still visit my dad 2 days a week even after his threatening behaviour, so I must be exaggerating (she doesn't seem to empathize with the fact that I want at least some kind of relationship with him, I love him). 

I was a straight A student and was encouraged to apply to oxbridge, but now those things don't matter. I just want to drop out of college and get my own place and a job helping people, such as in a care home. I think this would give me purpose in this sick world. I also keep fantasizing about getting plastic surgery so I can correct my ugliness and remove myself from the 'old' me. But all of these goals are unobtainable, and even if I felt better for a year or two, that would be another 5 years of hell in return. There are more people depressed, bullied, isolated and exploited in this world than there are truly happy people. So I feel that I only have 1 option. The only thing stopping me is the fear that I will survive albeit permanently brain damaged - I have had two mentally disabled friends who I love, but the way how people treat them is disgusting. I don't want to risk that kind of treatment. I wish there was some kind of exit button we could just push and leave existence.