Family abusive. Me alone. Want to stop the pain.I want to jump. I’ve found a bridge. One that I can drive to on the way to or from college. There’s a building at school that would work too. Based on my research, both heights should kill me. I’ve read what happens, how you splatter. It makes me laugh.

I was homeschooled. That’s another word for isolated. Locked in my room without food, scars from my mothers fingernails on my wrist. Shouted at that I was bad and ugly, and would die alone because there was something wrong with my head. Sent to a therapist who told me to “rewire” my brain, because deep inside I was wrong.

My father doesn’t love me. He’s said as much, to my face. He forced my mother to have a pregnancy reduction when she was pregnant with me and then took the remains of my little brothers or sisters and drove them to the local dump. He used to hit us sometimes, when we were little. With no warning. He left the bedroom door open when he masturbated. He was bulimic, and I listened to him purge himself in the bathroom my whole childhood.

My brother is suicidal. He’s tried and failed twice. He shows off his self harm scars to me and drinks, smokes, and does cough syrup too much. He threatens to beat up or kill my sister and I. He breaks mirrors, shouts, and has hit me several times. We keep a tazer in the house. 

My mom’s boyfriend was accused of abuse by his ex-wife. He touches me sometimes without warning. He has threatened to grope my leg and sniff my “dirty panties”. Both as “jokes”. He gets angry so easily. I'm scared of him.

My boyfriend dumped me two weeks ago. He was my escape. Sure, he used to push me into things I wasn’t ready for. And when I said I had a headache the day before my parents divorced and went to lie down he followed me and pushed me for sex until I cried. Losing my virginity hurt so much. But he loved me. After I explained how he was hurting me, he stopped. I wanted to break up then, but was afraid of how I would explain myself to others. 

He told me all these pretty things, about wanting to spend his life with me. He held me gently, and told me I was smart, beautiful, worth something. That I shouldn’t apologize for existing. He was smart, and witty. His eyes lit up when something interested him. His family was so nice to me. 

Now I have no one again. I should be used to it, but he took away that pain in my chest and now its back. The pain never stops. I want it to stop. No one will ever love me. I don’t deserve to force someone to anyways. It hurts so much.