No friends no hobbies no happiness in anything TL:DR at the endI don't know at this point. Few months ago I had a competitive hobby where I had reason to rise as a person and also as a player. In that time I had fake friends and didn't talk much to my family. Now it's the same shit but the only thing that kept me at least busy and happy, had gone. It was really something that made me excited in life. Now it had gone. I lost my motivation I lost my only thing and literally don't have anything that can excite me. I just dive through every day with no point at the end of the day. No person that I care about and also no human that I think cares about me as someone special or unique. I'm just here and there but no one would point at me and said yea I like this guy...I used not to have a bad life. It wasn't something that I was proud of. I was still working on it to be something, but since my friends are trash that care only about themselves and family that doesn't care about what I do that makes me happy, I simply didn't have reason to move on with my passion because I couldn't even find someone in that eSport who respects me and is on the same level of skill as me. A lot of people in my local eSport scene would describe me as a piece of shit with no skill and I can confirm that since I heard them saying that and saw messages between players. I gave up on that cuz no team would like me as a player they didn't see potential in me. So now i am just emotionless bag of meat and bones that just carries on in life but with no goal or motivation. No reason to be better cuz in the end no one really cares about my feelings and no one who could find me as an interesting person. I used to love videogames. It was something I was pretty good at and I was happy because nothing else was interesting for me I sucked at most sports so gaming made my life better and I got to met new people and now they are gone. They don't care about me. My passion for videogames is gone and by the way, I really loved it and now all games are uninteresting for me. As well as everything else. No gf because which girl would be interested in such beta male and I truly understand that. But only thing I want, is to have something, anything that will fill me with happiness, to be honest I have one true online friend and he lives 300km away from me but that is not the same feeling as having a IRL friend that likes you and we also don't chat that much nowadays so It's more of a person I know through the internet and also he doesn't seem to help me in my slump that i am right now. It looks like he doesn't have the ability to help someone in my situation and I understand that. So if someone wanna suggest what should I try to boost my will to live post it in comments ty. Don't mention something to do with friends outside because I do not have friends IRL and i don't like going outside because i am antisocial and don't like other people in my age around me cuz they are all the fking same they are all different from me and I and they too can see that. They wanna flex in front of their friends they drink and listen to the different music and shit so I cannot even be around them. I think about suicide almost everyday I had a lot different scenarios in my head. One night i was close to cutting myself but I don't even know who the fuck would care about this if i told this to someone around me. At least writing this made me less sad cuz I finally could open up to someone I couldn't tell this to someone irl because i fucking know they wouldnt care and they would just wait for me to finish talking so they could talk but wouldnt talk about my topic i know that.

TL:DR no possible enjoynment in at least 15 years tell me what to do