i yelled at a retail worker because i was hungrythis has been on my mind for hours now. and i feel as shitty as ever. i am 19 year old female, suffering from mental and physical illnesses. im supposed to be going home tomorrow for christmas and wanted to treat myself for some food.

 i had ordered some mcdonalds on uber eats, waited outside for the delivery guy to come, but he dropped all the food in a puddle by accident. the bag was sodden through, and the food spilled all over the bag and the wet pavement. at this point i didn't really mind, i thought it would be a simple mistake and he just had to go back to get the food again, but it wasn't as simple as i thought. mcdonalds or uber eats couldnt do anything about it. i know it's a really stupid, childish thing to get mad about, but i was *hungry.*

i wasn't mad at the guy. i was mad that i had paid for more than £15 worth of mcdonalds and i didn't get a refund or my food. i called up the mcdonalds and tried to explain what had happened, but they didn't care. they said it's not their responsibility once the food leaves the store. but i was *starving*. i can go on for days without eating, only to binge for two days and feel like pure shit after.

because they couldn't do anything, and i had been waiting for more than an hour for the food i had a go at the guy on the phone. i was crying because of the wasted money and food. i hung up after shouting 'fuck you' down the phone.

i have worked in retail before. i have worked in a chip shop, kfc and a subway for a few years, only quit my job for university. but if someone had spoken to me like that i would have killed myself. and i have tried to twice. i was thinking of the guy i was yelling at, whether he has suicidal thoughts, and if this one small mistake was the tipping point for him. and i cant help feeling guilty for what i have said to the worker.

i deserve to feel like this. i'm sorry to everyone who reads this i know it's long. i didn't get the money back or the food, so i didn't eat anything. i haven't eaten anything. i'm sorry.