My relation to suicide is super strange apparently. It's like I talk different languages with most people.I want to kill myself. The prospect of dying doesn't impress me at all and I would be long dead if not for the fact that I'm terrified of pain. This problem is easily solved by investing a little bit in the equipment, which I have enough money to buy, and should just go and do some shopping except I'd have to make some effort to do this and making effort is the entire reason I think about suicide in the first place. And I can't talk to anyone because this just sounds so stupid: I don't want to work so I'll kill myself. Like what is my problem? Why can't I just put in some effort and find myself a job be a man goddammit. Because I don't want to! And I will do whatever the fuck I can to avoid any effort in my life, and no ethical concerns will stop me. I thought I don't want to manipulate my parents and ended up manipulating them; I thought lying is disgusting up until I started lying to get then to give me money. What is next? I'm on the straight path towards the jail, I feel.

It's fucking weird when people say they "fear they will kill themselves". Don't understand that feeling at all. Maybe it is similar to what I feel, they don't want to become the kind of person that killed themselves.

So what is wrong with me? I understand that something is not right, but it feels like the only way. Why is killing myself seems easier than making any effort whatsoever? Why doesn't it seems so for most people, for that matter?

Am I a psychopath??

On other note I found some cheap party helium. Hey, that's pretty good.

Edit: no I'm not a psychopath because that's not how it works and psychopath wouldnt be concerned about ethical implications and hurting their family members. I would really like to, however. I would like to be in an incurable sick person that is better off dead because if there's one thing I don't like in this world is choice and responsibility and I have more than enough of that. I'm like the concept religious people have of suicidal person - cowardly, immoral and with too much time and money on their hands. Fuck me.