Everything is an uphill battle and I feel like Sisyphus trying to push up a hill with no purpose. Disclaimer: If you're a troll, get the hell out. This is my last ditch effort. I never thought I'd come here. Hence my username. 

I'm a student in high school. 

I don't need your "you have so much potential and stuff left to live for" arguments. I've thought about it. Life runs a predictable pattern. You read enough patterns and you can begin to draw conclusions about the nature of life. I feel like I've seen all there is to see. I read people like paper back novels, and throw them out of my life when they get boring. I've gotten high a few times to just forget about everything. I don't drink. My sister is an alcoholic, and I feel like my parents spend so much time picking up our shit that it makes me feel awful. 

Now onto my never-ending pain. My grades never cease to amaze me. I push hard. I don't get distracted. I'm a redditor, but I'm rational. I know the two aren't always mutually exclusive, but from my attempts at extracurricular activities. I'll get into school somewhere mediocre at this point, not what I've always wanted to do. Even if I fulfill what I've told people snidely that my life dream is (to become a lawyer), I don't think I'll ever be happy. I feel like living fast and dying young, only I can't see the point in living fast as a distraction to the truths of the universe. 

As Tyler Durden (I'm aware he's fictional...) once said, "On a long enough time line, the survival rate for everything is zero." All I feel like I'm doing by living is avoiding death.  I've thought about what I love in life. Music. I live for it, but I feel like it's such a shitty thing to live for, when all it is is simply a distraction from my potential depression. It comes and goes in mood swings, but I feel like it's never gone, and it just sits there picking away at me. It's not there for long enough periods of pain to be classified as depression. When I'm not depressed horribly like this I just kind of feel mediocre. I laugh at jokes, but I'm not happy.

I feel like I've lived a lifetimes' worth of pain and tears, and I've fallen in love and gotten my heart broken, and read enough human experiences to find that line where all points meet. Life. The only problem is, I feel like this beautiful quote from Kurt Vonnegut. "We were all put on this earth to mess around (?) and don't let anyone tell you otherwise." That's what I feel like every day. I can fight for the things that I've lied to myself are dreams. I can tell people this, but the only answer I've gotten is that they'll tell me it'll get better, but the flaw in their logic is that there is no "better". It's just a tedious monotony until we die, all of them playing out almost the same. Phases in life come and go, but the true inescapable realities are there. I figure at this point it'd be worth talking about how I'm an atheist. I see religion again, like drugs, music, et cetera, as a distraction from realities, a fake cardboard sun in front of a gray sky. 

I'm lost. 

I'm not sure I want to be helped.

But this is how I feel, and there is no better. 

