My heart won't let me make my husband into a single parent, but every other atom in my body wants to end it all.I never ever thought I would get to the point where I would post here. :/ Sorry for the novel in advance, but I feel like this is the only place I can let all of this out.

I have diagnosed anxiety issues, agoraphobia, schizoaffective disorder, and a slurry of other "physical" ailments. Nothing terminal, just really inconvenient and requiring me to be on a lot of medication and needing a cane/walker on my "bad" days. I'm only 29.

I am a stay-at-home mom who watches a 3-year-old literally 24/7. My husband works 60+ hours a week and maybe sees our child an hour a day at MAX. He drives our only vehicle, leaving me stranded at home with no access to an escape. We were technically homeless for a few months (stayed with friends), and moved to a really sketchy part of a nearby city because that was all we could afford, and I don't feel safe living here let alone going on a walk with our daughter outside to get some fresh air.

Things are going to get better. Relatively soon. But I don't think I'm going to make it that long.

I spend all day crying because I just... can't live like this. I don't see any other adults anymore, I barely talk to my friends (they all work obnoxious hours), and I sometimes see my husband just long enough to give him a hug and share a late supper with him. I love my daughter to pieces but raising her essentially alone is driving me absolutely INSANE. I don't get time away from her unless I am at a doctor's appointment. In the last 6 months, I got an hour away from her to go grocery shopping. I need a damn break, but I don't have the means.

I stopped taking my cocktail of medication because it was making me sleep literally 18 hours a day, which isn't a good thing when you have a child relying on you. I am down to taking only my fibromyalgia and blood pressure medication- 2 of my 11 prescriptions. I stopped seeing my shrink (wasn't helping), stopped going to my psych (too tired for followup), and stopped seeing all of my other specialists. I disabled my Facebook and my messenger because I couldn't handle the interaction with people. I stopped answering phone calls and texts. I basically fell off the face of the planet to everyone that I don't live with.

I just want all of this to end. My poor husband is to the point where his work is being affected because he is so worried he is going to come home to find me dead. I promised him I would never kill myself when kiddo is around because me being gone would already scar her- she doesn't need to see me dead too. I think saying that has caused me to be perma-stuck watching kiddo, because everyone knows I won't kill myself if I am stuck with her.

He has banned me from driving solo because I have tried to drive into a tree in the past. If I have access to the car, he makes sure I take kiddo with me because I would NEVER put her in danger.

I have a plan, I just don't have a window of time where I can do it because I am literally with my daughter nonstop. I have access to 4 months worth of my blood pressure medication that would surely kill me if taken all at once. I have been debating it for days.

Obviously, I need to be locked up and remedicated. I have been to the psych ward in the past, and even though they couldn't help me then (they said my suicidal thoughts were postpartum depression, so they didn't take it seriously) I am easily 20x worse mentally than I was before. There is no way for me to go and get the help I need because my husband works nonstop and we don't have any access to reliable child care for our daughter.

I promised my husband I would not make him a single parent. That I could never ever put him through that. But fuck... It is getting harder and harder to keep that promise.

I love him and my daughter so much. But I can't live like this anymore. It is killing me.