Suicide seems inevitableI apologise for the length of this post, I just really needed to share my feelings with someone.
When I was 7 I was diagnosed with Asperger syndrome and ADHD. I was severely bullied at school for years, and to this day I still don't have many friends. This has had a detrimental effect on my self-esteem – I suffered from social anxiety before the bullying (due to my Aspergers) but now it's so bad that I can't even leave the house without listening to loud music to distract me, which obviously won't be a feasible option once I leave college and get a job. I really struggle with talking to people out loud, which is why I haven't called a suicide hotline yet. I tried calling one a few months ago, but I got nervous and hung up before the person on the other end had a chance to respond to me.

School is a fucking nightmare – I only have 1 friend  at school (who is a year younger than me, so  she isn't in any of my classes) and I constantly feel like I don't fit in. I am very intelligent and try extremely  hard at school, but I am failing most of my classes.

To make it even worse, I developed depression a few years ago. I recently went through a severe episode of depression which ended in me making a suicide plan, but I eventually decided to try therapy.
I've been in therapy for the last 5 months, but so far it's done nothing because my therapist refuses to address my depression, even when I tell her about my suicidal thoughts. My therapist is quitting her job after our next appointment next week, and so far I've been unable to get a new therapist.

My depression isn't very bad at this current moment, but (because my depression is uncontrollable) it could worsen at any time, especially with school around the corner. I start back at school in 3 days and I'm dreading it. I've agreed to try my hardest to do well at school this year, but if my depression reaches the level of severity that it did before then I'm going to kill myself.

I feel like my problems are being ignored. Whenever I told any of my teachers about the bullying they never took me seriously or went to any effort to sort out the problem, and this situation is exactly the same. As I've [mentioned before](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/4yd7t8/suicidal_thoughts_no_one_will_take_me_seriously/), no one will take me seriously. I'm starting to think that the only way anyone will realise how bad I feel is if I attempted suicide.

I wish I didn't have to give up the few things I enjoy in life in order to get rid of my problems and I'd much rather live than die for the sake of my family. Suicide is my last resort, but at this point I'm running out of options.