Trying to clear my mindI’ve never posted to Reddit, and I’ve never really shared these thoughts, but here it goes I guess. I found the love of my life, he is more than a dream, but after two years together I found out he’d been cheating on me during the whole relationship on countless occasions in multiple different ways. We’re still together nearly 3 years after, and I still love him, he has a lot of struggles that I’ve been more than happy to help him with and he hasn’t cheated as far as I know since I found out. He’s been dealing with these types of things for years, he had a traumatic experience at a very young age and has always had a skewed image of what a relationship should look like and love and sex in general.  And frankly I’m more than happy to help him work through his things and what happened sucked and hurts, but what’s hurt more is the other ways he’s been treating me since.  I’ve been alone through most of this, he often has put my feelings aside and says he’s not in the right place to help me in the moment.  We want this to be the year of change and healing, he just got the perfect job and is so much happier and has more energy and has finally starting saying the things I’ve been needing to hear and holding me the way I’ve been needing to be held, but I’m scared too much irreversible damage has been done. I spend most of my days laying in bed and crying, I feel completely broken and spent, I already deal with depression and anxiety but what he’s done has amplified everything to an unbearable state. I can’t hold a job, I dropped out of college, I can’t even remember the last time I laughed with true happiness. I’ve completely lost who I am. He was supposed to be the one. I know most people would say to break up, and we probably should have taken a break a long time ago, but I know there’s no one else out there who would make me feel what he’s made me feel. We have a pretty special relationship, we were each other’s firsts, we’re high school sweethearts, I still get butterflies in my stomach when I see him even after all these years, we’re the perfect relationship in every way for each other and we’ve shared so many things you can’t get again. I feel true love with him. I just don’t know what to do anymore. I don’t know whether to keep trying in the hopes that I will heal and he’ll get better, or to completely give up. He’s been doing better lately as far as helping me through the pain and healing, but there’s so much farther to go and I don’t know if I can do it. I don’t really have anything else in my life, my own family’s pretty broken and I’ve lost most of my friends. He’s been what I’ve been holding onto over the years, but I’m feeling that slip away, and I’m scared. I’m becoming less and less scared of dying and in a lot of ways I’ve already felt like I have.  It’s 4am and I can’t sleep, I haven’t slept much lately, but I thought I’d just give this a try.