I am a selfish person.This is going to be a lot of rambling, but I need to get it out. I am 32/f and have grown up in a really loving family in the Midwest. What I remember from my childhood was being a brat. Always wanting my way. I have always been spoiled too, that doesn’t help the situation. At 10 I was raped at my babysitter’s house by an older man. I don’t know how old but I remember provoking it, almost wanting to try it because I was curious. It’s fucked up but, that’s what I remember. 
In high school I was pregnant at 15 and I remember telling my parents. Being raised Catholic their first word was “we will take care of it”. I got an abortion, and life went back to normal. High school life. No one really ever liked me, I had a few friends but I was still always a spoiled brat. I know my parents love me and want what’s best always, but I don’t know, I feel like I need to learn the hard way.
So then of course i found my way to drugs, drinking. Just marijuana and some painkillers, but I loved how it all made me feel. Like my mind was clear. I was happy when I was messed up. Sleeping around just wanting that sexual attention always.
I saw therapists, doctors. They diagnosed me with depression. I was on and off antidepressants for about 10 years. I haven’t been on them since 2017, just didn’t feel like they worked, but I’m sure smoking weed everyday doesn’t help.
There are two many drug stories to tell, but at this point in my life I have 2 DUIs and my license is now revoked. I have a good job and I bought a house. Thanks to my parents driving me to work everyday and giving me money for a down payment. 
I just don’t feel like I deserve anything I have... I also have a boyfriend who lives with me and he doesn’t drink, and I don’t really either just because he doesn’t and he thinks it is stupid. Even being sober though I still get really sad and worthless feeling. I feel like no one really likes me and never really has.
I never have anything interesting to say, I always freeze up in conversation and and very awkward. People think I am weird. I don’t know where this is going, but I just feel like I have asked almost wanted every bad horrible situation I have been in. 
I want to get along with people,  but most of the time I just don’t like them. I just don’t really see a purpose for being in this life anymore, I take and I use everyone and I just don’t see how I do any good. 
But them I see my parents loving supporting faces and I know I could never do that to them. 
I don’t know... thanks for letting me spill some truth and honesty.