Nobody knowsI am a 31 year old female.  And nobody knows that the only way I can stop crying long enough to fall asleep at night is to get myself blackout drunk all alone in my room.  Sometimes I resolve to end it all, and sit there on my bed with pills in hand or a knife at my wrists, but I cant do it.  

My parents were monsters.  They beat me, belittled and shamed me constantly, and kept me so sheltered that I wasnt even allowed to go see a movie with friends.  The pain of knowing my parents didnt love me, haunts me. 

I got married in 2002, and my husband changed the moment the ring hit his finger.  He wouldn't touch me.  He literally would build a pillow barricade between us at night so we couldnt touch.  If we had sex more than once every two months, it was alot.  I tried everything (lingere, toys, romantic dinners, etc), but he would just ignore me, and swat me off like a pesky fly.  Then I started catching him cheating.  It started out with me finding that he had been to dating websites, and escalated from there.  I caught him dozens of times.  And each time, it smashed my heart into a billion pieces.  I begged him to tell me why, but he could never come up with even one word of explanation.  I dont know why I stayed with him for over a decade.  I guess I loved him so much, I hoped he would change like he kept promising he would.  Plus I felt a little trapped because I had no money and nowhere to go.  I finally divorced him 2 years ago.  He still cant give me a reason for what he did.

After the divorce, I ran into a friend of my sister's that was also going through a divorce because his spouse had cheated.  We found it very therapeutic to talk about it together.  Feeling like we werent alone, and that someone else understood worked wonders for us.  Quickly, it turned into more.  For the next year and 1/2, I was in heaven.  He made me more happy than I could have imagined.  He called me every single day, made me feel like a real woman again, was the most easy going person I have ever met, made me laugh, and taught me how to trust and love again.  He was there for me no matter what (especially when I had brain surgery in August).  Things were GREAT, and getting better every day.  Then......out of nowhere he started disappearing.  He would come up with lame excuses as to why we couldnt hang out.  After the fourth week of this, I asked him what was going on. He told me that he had met someone and started dating.  I felt like someone had punched me in the stomach and ripped my heart out of my chest at the same time. I couldnt even speak.  When I started sobbing, he told me that he didnt know why I was so upset, since we had never been together (like as in a couple), and that I should have known we could never have a relationship because of the mutual friends we share.  

Ever since then, I cant stop crying (but only when I am alone......in the shower, driving, at night in my room, etc).  I cant eat.  I've lost a ton of weight. I cant sleep because I cant stop crying.  I cry so hard, that the pillow on either side of my head is soaked by 11:00 every night.  Sometimes, the pain is so bad, I scratch at my arms with my fingernails, or pull my hair to try to distract me from the pain in my heart. The people who I thought loved me the most, never cared about me at all.  And they didnt even care that they smashed my heart and left me broken.  Thats what keeps running through my head as I cry. They didnt even care about the anguish they caused me.  Nobody cares.  Nobody even offered to talk to me afterward.  

The only reason I havent killed myself to stop the horrible pain, is because I know my little boy would be devastated.  So I just keep drinking myself into an oblivion every night so that I can at least get some sleep and be able to function at work the next day. Even so, I am getting ever closer to killing myself, to make the pain stop.  I dont know what to do.