i deserve to die.so i've already posted about this on here but i can't stop obsessing over it.

a few days ago i was talking to an online friend and it sounded like they were planning to commit suicide. i called the suicide hotline but they told me that they couldn't do anything if they didn't know the person's location. i asked if there were any alternatives to the police and they told me the best option was to call EMS. i called 911 and they told me the area code was a city in florida so to call the city's police department. i did what they said and the police dept forwarded the call to the florida 911. they weren't able to trace the location (i still don't know why??) so no one ended up going to my friend's house and luckily my friend is fine now.

i still feel incredibly guilty about calling the police though, which i should. my friend is a queer trans bipoc so one of the most vulnerable groups to police brutality, and on top of that they were going through a mental health crisis. i can't stop thinking about what would have happened if the police had actually gone to their house to the point where i'm starting to obsess over it. the worst part is that the day after this happened, i realized that a couple days ago i had saved a website on my phone called [dontcallthepolice.com](https://dontcallthepolice.com) which gives you alternatives to calling the police, even one specifically for mental health crises. i saved the website especially for my friend in case i needed it. i'm not asking for anyone to feel bad for me or give me sympathy because i know what i did was horrible. i'm only 15 but i can't see myself living much longer knowing that i could have been the reason that someone got hurt or died. i feel like i've just ruined my entire life, i can't go on with my life knowing that i did something like this. this sounds so dramatic but it's really how i'm feeling and i just needed to get it out ig.

the only reason i haven't tried to kill myself yet is because of how my parents would feel.