I need some advice (Not urgent).This is probably going to be a lengthy post but I feel that I need to remove the burden of this feeling; whatever it is.

I'm here because I can no longer deal with this (it has been almost 4 years - I suppressed it a majority of the time). I just finished high school last year. I've been to numerous psychologists and therapists but have not had any luck with any of them. I think it's because I never felt a connection to them and that they just saw me as a client and not as a person. My parents believe that I'm just being "stupid" and I need to deal with my problems head on. It's safe to say that if I could, I would not be here right now.

The feeling is a snowball, it starts off as a small, minuet problem that spirals into a catastrophe, causing me to have an overwhelming sense of despair and loneliness. It's a terrible problem that I know many people have and I really want to get rid of it once and for all.

In terms of suicide, I have had strong thoughts and have planned numerous times, I would do it if I didn't feel that I have another chance to prove myself and another chance to really give life a solid go. The waves of "depression" (not diagnosed) are an illusion because they feel more frequent every time yet they're still a constant reminder in the background that I will fail and return to the suffering - and that really gets on my nerves.

I'm on a mild dosage of anti-depressants (no idea if I'm supposed to post the brand or strength) but they feel like they're a piece of cardboard trying to stop a bullet (as in, they're basically useless). Unfortunately I have no current therapist so I can't swap or change anything (my parents are not taken to the idea of me seeing another doctor so close to the start of my University's first semester).

My personal life is decent, no drugs, alcohol, abuse or anything like that - which is probably why I just dealt with it, because I knew I was not badly off. I really want to change, I'm sick of being disgusted in my lack of willpower and hating each and every day.
Surely it's still possible to be able to feel like every day is meaningful and that life is not a wasteland occasionally dotted with trees.

It's hard to convey true feelings when I'm out of the problem itself but when I'm within it I neglect everything. I forget to eat, sleep, do important things. There is a strong level of paranoia that has begun and it's really making it difficult to trust others.

This post is only a snippet of my life, it's really hard to put all of the facts and realisations together in a decent way. But I'm not an English major, so I don't really care.

Any ways to strengthen my defense against this reoccurring horror would be greatly appreciated.

Thank you for reading (I'll move the post if it's in the wrong sub).