I want to escape this tortured reality. I want to leave this miserable planet but I am terrified of total nothingness.I'm a 29 year old loser who lives in my parents basement. I can't drive because of my anxiety and I cant hold down a job because of my multiple mental illnesses and general lack of discipline. 

I like art and music but I have zero talent and I suck at pretty much everything I try to do. I'm on medication for my obsessive compulsive disorder and clinical depression. I have a hard time relating to human beings and just being around them stresses me out. So I isolate myself and become nocturnal to have as little human contact as possible. My whole life a and personality seems like a genetic defect. I feel like a crushed insect. A failure and degenerate abomination of evolution. A worthless peasant at the bottom of the food chain.

I have a huge inferiority complex. I'm always thinking about how im not tall enough or handsome enough. I've become a self-destructive alcoholic and chain smoker. I smoke and drink until I feel sick and then I smoke and drink some more. I can feel myself gravitating towards harder drugs because I don't care about myself or my health. 

Sometimes I drink until I black out and I've ended up doing some abhorrent things when I black out that bring me massive amounts of guilt and regret. I feel like a burden on my parents and the few friends I have.  

I'm addicted to vodka as it is one of the only things that makes me feel artificial joy for a few hours but then the aftermath always throws me into a pit of despair and I am more despondent then ever. So I drink more to deal with the pain. It's a vicious cycle I cant seem to escape because I'm not mentally or emotionally strong enough. 

I'm on automatic self-destruction mode and I cant seem to press the stop button on the soulless machine. I can feel myself decaying and my health going down the drain but I don't care because I am just a worthless prison of flesh and bone. I have no future. My only future is death.

I am an atheist and a nihilist because my life experiences and logic have brought me to feel those things are truth. I hate being an atheist and a nihilist. I wish there was a God and a heaven. I wish there was a meaning and purpose to my cursed existence but there isn't and I know there isn't. The highest power that exists is the law of nature and nature is a cold and cruel fascist who is indifferent to all pain and suffering. It does not cry when a predator kills and devours the flesh of its victim prey. Nature doesn't care about people decaying from diseases. I'm full of bitter poison and I've never hated any of my enemies as much as I hate myself. 

The only reason I'm still here is because the idea of eternal nothingness scares the hell out of me. I'd kill myself in a second if I thought it would take me to a better place but I know it wouldn't.
 So I guess even this life of agony and torment is better than total nothingness because maybe once in a blue moon I can feel alive and a little spark of joy.

I don't know though the day may come where I just become so exhausted from this pointless struggle and suffering that I just welcome death and fall into the abyss. I feel that day getting closer and closer. So basically I'm too much of a coward to commit suicide. The only reason I still exist is fear. 

Well if you have read and suffered through my whole rant. Thank you from the bottom of my black heart . 