Grasping at straws.This is a long one so prepare for a rant.

I've been going through a lot of shit over the last 10 years of my life. I experienced both emotional and occasionally physical bullying during my secondary school years leaving me with deep seated anger issues, depression and social interaction issues.

I have been feeling suicidal for a good few years now, but I just don't seem to have the goddamn balls to get it over with and kill myself.

The only reason that I haven't offed myself so far is thinking about the aftermath effects on my family. Especially at this time of year, which is meant to be happy for all involved. Problem is, I am never truly happy anymore. I'm great at putting on a happy face and smiling with other people but every little joy I have ever had in this world has been siphoned away bit by bit, until nothing but the seething self resentment and bitterness remains.

I just started a university degree on a foundation year and am already failing after my first term. I don't want to tell my parents because I don't want to stress them out, and I've never had a job so I have no money to talk to a professional about it (not that the ones I've talked to previously have helped anyway). The only things I enjoy doing are playing computer games and bushcraft (wilderness survival stuff), both of which are really expensive if you want to do them right. So I am constantly trying to save up scraps of money to buy parts for my pc or hunting/camping equipment.

I seem to be diving into an ever steeper incline of alcohol and chocolate that I can barely afford on the £40 a week I'm living on right now. I'm running out of ideas on how to make my life seem even just a little bit less than utterly worthless.

I've been told so many times by people I trusted, people who I thought really cared, that they had 'informed a suicide hotline' about what I had told them, and every time my sense of trust in them was crushed. I have now stopped trusting everyone outside of my own family. 

I have become known in my family for being able to stay in bed for long periods of time and still be tired when I finally do get up, but I guess they haven't realized that I'm fed up with the world's horseshit yet and that I use sleep to be as close as possible to my best buddy the grim reaper as possible without actually saying hello.

My mind has been warped and twisted beyond comprehension to the point that I can watch videos that would make Major Payne squeal in disgust without even batting an eye. Stuff like a guy literally being tortured to death over the course of 10 minutes and eventually being stabbed to death. Whilst watching that I was thinking "is this really the worst thing on this website?" So yeah, my mind is fucked.

I have noticed that people tend to distance themselves from me, but I imagine that is because they very quickly realise that I would be HAPPY in a psych ward.

As the title suggests, I am clutching at straws for a reason to not just wait until all of the Christmas cheer has died down and then kill myself. Anyone got any ideas?

Sorry if this seems long or all over the place, I'm kinda lost rn and am not good with words.