DilemmaSo I don't know where to start I want to be detailed and try to vent a little bit while I write this but it's late and I have work at 5:30 but I've had depression and anxiety what seems like as far back I can remember. I always had a problem with something and was kind of a trouble maker although I don't remember if it was for attention or what. In 7th grade I was kicked out and forced to transfer schools after that I remember there would be days where I wouldn't speak a word and was very reclusive. This all changed when I put down the controller and picked up the bowl. I started smoking weed when I was 12 and it quickly became a regular almost daily thing I tried H for the first time when I was 13 although it didn't become a problem until recently but skip to highschool and im a pretty typical pothead normally would skip to get high and after a year and a half I decided to drop out and sell weed shorty after I got a fast food job where I started to have serious issues with panic attacks and disassociation after I got my GED right after my 18th birthday things got worse leading to me losing my job moving back home and blowing my engine. Since things have not improved I have totaled 2 cars since then lost 2 jobs and am 2000 dollars in the hole. A large part of this was mental issues and drug abuse summer time I pimped and got addicted to crack after I quit I became addicted to spice after that I got addicted to heroin now ill be 20 in 6 months and I feel like I have an ultimatum Live or Die. Basically I feel like I have 3 options 1. Try to get help- I have been doing research about a 2 year program my mother suggested to me where you work 6 days a week and it specializes in therapy and substance abuse it looks interesting but im hesitant because currently all I do daily is Xanax/Klonopin and weed but the last time not including jail I was sober I was a child although it might help with my lack of self love and self image right now I have no goals nowhere I want to be I almost feel like I don't really have an identity
2. Suicide- Now this is something I have always pushed away and only recently actually started truly considering. 2 of my friends have committed suicide this year and its only June. My problem with this is the simple fact that it would impact a lot of people who care about me which is honestly the only reason i'm alive
3. Fuck it- Now this was my original go to plan is to just say fuck it balls to the wall make it or break it. Basically just be homeless again and get by however I can the problem with this is its more likely to get me locked up than killed
Thanks for reading this far and even though most will say of course get help I want all forms of input. I think i'm going to try the program and if it doesn't work take my stash of sleeping pills and buy a bundle of H