Hate going to school, Hate staying at home, Shutting myself in more and moreSorry for the long post, dont know if people will read it past the first 2 lines, and if they do, sorry for the typos, English is not my mother tongue.

I'm tired of being alive. Life sucks. FYI Im 16, and I've already heard countless times "You have time to fix your life, JUST DO IT", and I dont want to hear that anymore. I dont have the motivation to go and "JUST DO IT" anymore.

My Parents are extremely judgemental and insult me a lot, I dont like any of that, hurts me on the inside since I still seem to have some spot in my heart that wants their love.

I hate school. Teachers dont try to help, Classmates laugh at me when they see me, the 2 friends that dont judge me have other friends that they would much rather spend time with, Im always on low priority for them. They only come to me when they want their PC fixed, or if they want some games. School Counselors make light of my problems, so I dont want to talk to them again. 

Went to a shrink, he was also very judgemental. Told me that there was nothing wrong with people IRL doing what they did, the problem laid within me.

I think of various ways to kill myself everyday, but Im too much of a coward to go through with any of that, so no danger of me killing myself anytime soon. I feel like its not right for me to feel depressed since there are people with much, much more stress than me, and that I dont deserve to feel depressed for digging my own grave.

I havent talked to anyone outside of home in a month. I chat online most of the time, but even there people are usually judgemental.

My mood shifts a lot. Most of the time I would just be happily watching a TV show on my computer, but then once something triggers me, I become an emotional wreck.

I used to try in life. I was the topper in my class. But my parents thought that it was par for the course. Me getting straight As? Nothing praiseworthy. Last time I asked why they never were happy when I got As, their reply was "Well you always get As, so its not like it matters." or something like that, dont remember very well. At that time I stopped giving a shit. No one cares about what I score even if I top my class, so what's the fucking point?

My grades have fell a lot. I barely pass, if at all. I did try to get back up many times, but the pressure from all sides, Teachers screaming at me to perform well and submit the oh so many projects, Parents screaming at me to get good grades so that I get a good job in the future, Sisters screaming at me to go to school to make friends because friends magically make it all better even tho they are judgemental?

I dont go to school. I have shut myself in. I only go to give tests, and I feel I might soon stop doing that as well. Lost motivation to do anything productive. Getting out of bed every morning is becoming harder and harder everyday. Parents just insulted me again when I failed my math test, which made me inclined to post this. Thanks for reading, Im sorry for taking up your time with my whining, Ill go now.

TL;DR Emo kid thinking he's depressed because highschool life is too hard.^/s^notreally

P.S.: If it seems random, it is, I first wrote about my situation but then rewrote it so that it contained more about what I felt. Sorry.