It no longer feels scary. Like a mother's outstretched arms. I just want to embrace her and melt away.I don't know if this will be long or short.   I apologize for any incoherence.  

I don't know what to do.   For the longest time I had felt pointless, like I was sinking into a pit.  I went to school and did terribly, then I was buried in debt for it.   I will be in debt till I die with no way to repay.    I got sick, and buried further in debt.   I am enslaved to a lifetime of financial burden before my life even began. 

I had been alone for so long, but then out of the blue I met someone.  She's so perfectly sweet and loving.   I don't deserve her.  We've been together for years now and I love her so intensely.  I hate that we got together.  I hate that I gave myself something to lose.  Something to worry about.    Love has been nothing but a burden, for now I fear her more than anything. 

My job is pathetic.   I spend all of my time staring at a screen.  Then go home and do more of the same.   I sit at my desk at work feeling my body rot from the inside out while at a constant state of heightened stress.   I'm always tired.   The only reason I keep my job is because it pays for my insurance, which I can't even afford the massive deductibles but without it id be obliterated.  

I don't make ends meet.  My paycheck is spent in its entirety on bills.   I live in the cheapest shittiest apartment and I keep the lights off so as not to raise the power bill any more.   I spend over $1000 a month in student and medical debt.  They keep climbing too due to interest.  I barely meet minimum payments and sometimes I miss.   I've been threatened with eviction twice.   My declining health and lack of time makes searching for alternatives near impossible.   I rely on expensive medication just to stay sane and functional.   My health depends on routine trips to the doctor as well, which is insanely expensive.   

My debt is not going down.  It rises every day. I spend all of my time working just to feed a beast that gets larger with each meal, and requires greater sacrifice each time.   

I have no family who can help.  My friends have wisely all abandoned me for their own happiness.   Just her, who has her own issues, sticks with me.  She's so foolish.   I'm going to break up with her.  Make her hate me.  Make it so the blow doesn't sting so much.   I hate how hurt she'll be.  She's so attached. But I can't be who she wants.  We can never be married.   We can never have a life together.   I can't afford it.  I can't endure it.   I can't live it.  

I always toyed and joked darkly with the idea of suicide.   It seemed like some extreme measure to fix an issue.  I always understood it.   But finally my mind has shifted.  It feels different.   It's no longer this dramatic act to end your own life.  It's my mother's hug.   A care free existence.  It's escape from the beast.   It's the end of suffering.

I wish I'd never met her.   Because now I'll be responsible for her pain.   I wish she'd hate me.  I'll do something terrible.  I'll make her distance from me.   I'll make her want to forget me and continue with her own life.   Once I'm no longer part of her daily thoughts, when I'm just some guy in the past and no one else is connected to me I'll embrace that warm bed.  

It sounds so blissful.  It's the happiest thought that passed through me.  I think about it all day.  I make steps towards it every day.  I'm going to do it.  

I'm going to do it.  I know I will.  My eyes are tearing up for some reason typing this.  God I want to die so bad.  I hate this life.  I hate that I was born. I hate having met her.   I hate her love.  My mind is split, it's moving on its own.  I've already bought it.  It's ready.  

Once she hates me back, once I have my last bad day, I know I will.   

And yet I don't know why I'm asking this.  I don't know why I'm here.  Some stupid instinct.   A pointless compulsion to live.  For what?   The flowers and sunsets are nothing.  I'm forever pursued by a beast and the hunt has withered my body.  Nothing would be more satisfying than denying it its thrills. 

The world feels cold and wet.  

Her embrace looks warm and free.  

I can't stop me.  No pretty words spoken from from someone more blessed will stop me.   My beast will never stop hunting me. 

I'll never be allowed to live.   

But I can let myself die. 