When I was deciding on how to commit suicide, I heard this little voice within... it turned my life upside down.Around 1984 I was diagnosed with eczema. I was 6 years old. '*This can't be cured, only be treated with cortisone*'... the ever-going mantra of all the specialists/doctors I visited and consulted for over a decade. This skin condition started at my right middle finger, and gradually it became worse.

During my life so far, I experienced more than 1 severe eczema crisis. The worst (and last ) one was when I was around 28 years old. I was living alone and enjoying a career as a professional street theatre performer. I had a good life, and I was socially active. But... the continued &amp; growing problems with eczema persisted. It spread over to my face, around my eyes, all over my hands &amp; fingers, on my legs, arms, body... I lost all my self-confidence. I practically didn't dare to show myself - I was disgusted just looking at the mirror... . I became a ghost of myself.

There's far more to this story, but what I want to share with you all is I couldn't catch a decent sleep for over a year. Every night I woke up while itching my burning body all over the place. It was a living hell. Complete madness. After some time, I couldn't even work anymore, and my social life was non-existent.

During one of those hellish nights, I seriously started wondering how to kill myself (I was envisioning different scenarios). Then, suddenly, it was as if I heard a voice within:

'*Hey Steven, why wouldn't you simply focus on &amp; be grateful for the one spot on your body that doesn't itch?*' It felt airy-fairy, but considering a life-or-death scenario, I gave it a try. I stepped out of my comfort zone, and I started to sense my body - beyond the suffering.

It was my nose. My nose did not itch. Funny enough, my most successful street theatre performance at the time was the one with a huge 'running nose' costume.

The moment I started to genuinely feel grateful for my non-itching nose - things drastically shifted. Not like magic, but something shifted (which was already kinda magical to me at the time) For starters, my suicidal tendencies vanished. It was as if from deep down below, from within the darkest corners of my being, surely but gently, some light started to shine.

The thing was: I started to see new possibilities, new opportunities &amp; I was not afraid anymore to pursue them, try out new (creative) therapies, diets, methods, practices,... . I did learn to see &amp; appreciate the things in my life I was grateful for.

I fell in love with nature sounds and the calming, soothing effect they have on my mind &amp; nervous system - [especially ocean sounds](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/4bzeXolqeEd12KrkDeqNng?si=CUd6n8UnQweLUmCBSknpqw). I did commit myself to new specific diets, helping me to only eat what my body needs. I switched my professional career from street theatre artist towards performing musician/composer (relaxing minimal classical). I took the courage to start my own voice yoga workshops. I found new social circles and made new friends. Something died inside me; my old identity - which made room for the new growth &amp; new experiences.

Since then (which is +12 years ago) I have surely experienced, from time to time, new challenging moments &amp; chapters in my life, and from time to time, some suicidal thoughts or emotions do pop up - I see them, I express them through arts, music &amp; voice therapy.... from a deep trust within, which exists beyond who I think I am or should be - if this makes all sense?