My life story. Please read. I need help.I was born a meth baby. And I know this doesn't change who i am, but that does mean that I was taken away from my mom and put into Foster care where I met my Yai Yai (grandma) she originally took me in, but my mom claims she "fell in love with me the moment she saw me"

Now I have a lot of issues, depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder. That's only a couple. 

So my mom adopted me. It was just me and her, shes had some boyfriends, but I haven't met half of them and the other half never stick around, so I learned not to grow attached to them.

My mom and I, well you can say we clash heads alot. And by alot I mean, at least once a day. I am overweight, and she constantly makes comments about what I eat, even though we never have junk food in the house. She always keeps it in her room. " Are you really gonna eat that?" And " you shouldn't put that in your body, you'll just get bigger." Are phrases I hear often. I feel like im disappointing her every time I eat anything. It makes me want to never eat again, because I feel so guilty.

My mom and I also fight about other things. And when we do, it sure gets ugly. We call each other names like bitch and tell the other that we hate them. We scream and I cry and that just makes her angrier.

Anyways, she got her new boyfriend. Well, not new now, but anyways, she got him about 3 1/2 years ago. They fell in love with each other. And he lived in a little cabin in the middle of nowhere. They would force me to sleep in the cold kitchen on a air mattress on the floor when she wanted to see him, and that would make me late for school, because of the fact that he lived in a different town. Eventually he moved in with us, but it was bad.

He would sneer at me and would laugh when I cried. He took my mom away from me. They always locked themselves in there bedroom, away from me, sometimes for nights at a time. 
He invaded my life. He forces hugs on me when I'm not comfortable. And he calls me a bitch. And to shut the fuck up. We have screaming matches and when I tell my mom all the hurtful things he says, she takes his side and says it was my fault.

We moved to a bigger town all together recently, and he hits my cat. My mom of course does nothing because, she hates animals. And when I try to talk to her about it she just rolls her eyes and says my cat deserved it. 

I'm home alone all the time 6 days a week, from 6:00 am to 7:00 pm. My mom's boyfriend has tried to make it up to me, but I can't seem to forgive him. I hate him!  Even my Yai yai loves him! How could she?!?! He is not a part of my family and never will be.
My mom always tells me to call him dad and refers to him that way, and when I tell her it makes me uncomfortable she just sneers and tells me he's my dad weather i like it or not. And they are not even married!

He also say that he's never wanted to hit someone so badly in his life before. And he slams doors. 

My mom says I'm a danger to society because of my anger and depression.

I want to run away. I want to die. I've been in 4 different mental hospitals because of my suicidal thoughts. But I just want to be with God ( I'm Christian)  I want to be free of this life, and I know that if you commit suicide, that you go to hell, so i pray and ask him to take me himself. He never does. I'm thinking maybe he's not listening anymore. Maybe he doesn't care.

But now I'm thinking that hell is better than this. My mom says she cares, but I know better. You don't do that to the people you care about! I would never do that to my Yai yai. The only people I think are there for me is my cat and my Yai yai. And my Yai yai lives an hour and a half away. 

I hate my life. I want to die. I don't want to be alive anymore. I have no reason to live. I have no friends at school, in fact I get bullied. 

Thanks for listening. It means a lot to me. Any advice?