My girlfriend [20] broke up with me [19M] and i'm thinking about suicide, please help me(i'm french, sorry for bad english)I don't know if it's the correct subreddit but i'm desperateOk so i know i'm young and a lot of you are gonna say it's only a breakup, it happens all the time with young people, etc. But she broke with me yesterday and i can't get over it. I'm alone and i need to talk, i feel like im going crazy and cant stop crying, it hurts so much. I'm not searching for attention or pity, i need advices and people to talkContext: It was a two years relationship. I met her in "classe preparatoires" (really hard studying years) and after a few complicated relationships which destroyed my self confidence, she was the really first girl for whom i fell in love. But this year we went in differents schools 600kms aparts after ours finals exams from last year. And so we travelled every 2 weeks to see each others, but the last months i felt something was wrong.The insecurities came back and i took a week to see her, so we can face the problem. But when i started the conversation, it went way too far than i expected. We didn't insult each other or yelling, she just admitted sh's not in love with me anymore and that she has no feelings now. She don't want to make efforts everyday to continue, and said to me that i did nothinf, just.. she changed. But i never ceased to love her, and tried to make her happy, and now i feel so much pain. She told me the bast thing for her was that i go away, maybe for a month or forever she doesn't now. So i respected her and left because i want her to be happy, but now i'm at the airport and cant stop crying, and really i feel i'm worthless. She admitted i did nothing wrong, and i dont understand, some girls are still in love with guys that mistreat them and i just loved her the best i could. I'm going crazy, and really condisering to end my miserable life.

TL;DR : My gf said she doesn't love me anymore for no real reason and i'm thinking about suicide, help me please

Thank you for reading all.