Had problems with depression, anxiety and suicidal thoughts since 7 years ago; looking for advice/supportThis might be a bit of a long read, but I feel like I need to get a lot off my chest. Also, I apologize for any and all errors, but I'm not a native English-speaker.


So, my problems started around 7 years ago when I was a couple of years older than 10 (I am currently in my early 20s). I started having extreme anxiety about death/dying, which led to me having a lot of problems sleeping. Sometimes I would sleep maybe 2-3 hours a night for weeks at a time. It was also around this time I started to get a lot of anxiety in social situations, probably made even worse because I had so much trouble getting enough sleep. Even before I had all these problems I had always been a very shy and introverted child, but I was never unhappy or sad in the way that became the norm after I hit puberty.


Skip forward a few years, when I was around 16-17, and I was having periods when I could barely go to school because of my inability to sleep/the crippling anxiety I felt when thinking about meeting people. My last year of attending my country's equivalence to high school, I had around 30% absence from classes, time spent mostly lying in bed either sleeping or trying to suppress all my feelings. Even when I actually went to school, I spent most of my time like a zombie, barely aware of my surroundings. I still managed to graduate with decent grades, allowing me to get accepted this summer by the university I wanted to attend, but I recently had to leave because I couldn't handle the pressure combined with my anxiety. This summer was also the first time I opened up to someone, my parents, because I felt like I was close to my breaking point. Ever since I was 16 I've had suicidal thoughts almost daily, which got even worse recently. I've since been prescribed Sertraline and I've also started going to a therapist.


I feel I have made some progress, and I've generally felt a lot better since I started medication. But then today, when I was supposed to go to a New Year's Eve party, I just broke down. I felt this extreme, crippling anxiety about going out and meeting people, and I couldn't manage it. So I cancelled, and now I'm sitting here alone feeling miserable, sad and useless. All this progress I thought I made during these last few months feels like it was for nothing and all I want to do is cry.


So, I decided I'd finally post this because it feels like I'm nearing my limit. I don't really know what I want out of this post, but I know that if I go on like this I don't know what I'll do. All I want to do is disappear, because almost everything I feel is this anxiety, sadness and hopelessness that infects everything and drains all of my joy and energy. I just want some advice or support, something to make me feel better and get through this.


End of ramble.

