I really don't know what I want anymore other than to not hurt anymore...I have spent every single day for the past 7 weeks in a mixture of both extreme terror and unbelievable sadness. I spend every day crying on my couch or in my bed. I cry to the point that I start shaking. I end up barely being able to breathe. I cry for hours until I simply don't have the energy to do anything anymore. When I'm done I just sit there practically catatonic, and then I start all over again. When I'm not doing this I'm sitting on my couch terrified by every single noise that I hear. A knock at the door or a visit from one of my family members literally sends me running for a place to hide. Twice in the last 7 weeks I've found myself hiding in my attic where I sat without moving or making a sound because I was afraid that the noise I heard was a federal marshall coming to arrest me again. My niece has walked in three times now to find me hiding on the floor behind the couch crying or running from the room. I know that she must have been terrified... wondering what was wrong with me. She knows that something bad happened, but not what. I've posted on Reddit about this before when I first thought about killing myself, but I'm not sure what I want to do now. I've actually bought/gathered the equipment I need to do it. I've got a tank full of pure nitrogen gas, a regulator from a beer tap, and tubing to funnel the gas into a mask and hood. I got as far as actually putting it all together a few days ago, but I didn't go through with it. I don't know why I didn't. I am in more pain than I've ever been before in my life, and I don't feel like it is ever going to get better. I kept thinking about my wife...soon to be ex-wife if she gets her way...hopefully not if she ever realizes the truth...I kept thinking about my family...I kept thinking about all the ways that things could get better one day...the problem was that I didn't actually believe that any of those things would happen. I really just don't think it will ever be better. Maybe a tiny little bit, but not good. The longer I'm alive the more money I cost my family. My wife has accused me of raping her one night after we had a tiny argument earlier that day. She doesn't remember what happened that night except for a few little bits and pieces, but she actually thinks that I tried to hurt her that night. I never saw any sign that anything was wrong, or that she was upset in any way. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary at all to me. She left me while I was sleeping later the next day after we got back from her Dr's appointment without even leaving a note for me. She meant everything to me...she means everything to me, and now I mean absolutely nothing to her. She started having an affair just a week after. Some people have told me that they think she was planning this the whole time, and that she is just using this as an excuse to get out. Some have told me that all the times she had told me how much she loved me was just to convince herself. Some have told me that they think she believes it, but should have at least talked to me about what happened. One person said that I was just so upset about my own inadequacies that I clearly forced myself on her as a way to control and punish her for going out drinking that night... I didn't hurt my wife that night... I was happy she went out. She offered to come home, and I told her to have fun with her girlfriends. I was so proud of her for everything she'd done that semester, and I wanted her to have fun. This post isn't about what happened though. It's about what is happening now. Between the depression and the PTSD I just can't do this anymore. I've been seeing a shrink, but nothing he says ever seems to help. He just keeps telling me that everything will be okay, and to look to the future. I keep giving him real reasons why the future isn't going to be any different, and he just keeps giving me unrealistic reasons why things will suddenly get better again. I've got no money. I've already cost my family $50,000 for legal fees, and if this goes any further it will be another $50,000 that they can't afford. I'll never get a job with my record both before and now. Even if this gets dismissed it will still show up as an arrest which will kill pretty much any job application. I've got avascular necrosis in my hip, and I can barely walk. I'm constantly in severe pain. I've got a potentially serious heart condition that puts me into tachycardia on a daily basis just from walking to the bathroom or getting upset. I've lost the only woman that I've ever actually loved. I don't see any woman rushing to be with a man who can't get a job, and that has been labeled a rapist. I've caused my family nothing but pain, and I've cost them money they don't have. A big part of me just wants the pain to stop, and this is the only way I know to do that. At the same time I don't want to cause anyone else pain. I don't think that many people would miss me... If my father was no longer alive I don't think that I would really hesitate. Someone I was talking to the other day told me that I was being selfish, and that I was just trying to use my death as a "Fuck You" to my wife. A way of telling her "See I told you I didn't do this." Yes, I want my wife to know the truth, but that's not why I've been thinking about this. I would very much like her to know how much pain her believing that I could do this has caused me, but in the end it's not about her...it's about the pain that just won't go away.  Someone please give me a good reason to keep going! Give me a way to make this pain I'm feeling go away! Just help me make this pain stop!!! 