A story of self-sabotage, lies, loneliness and a unhappy endingI'm a 25 year old female at my wits end. I'm entirely unlikable, and this has been proven true a countless times. It's not like I haven't attempted to make connection with others. In the past, I've made an effort in person and online but no one seems to be able to tolerate me and to be honest, I don't blame them. People are nice when I pretend to be someone else, but never when I'm myself.

I calculated that I may be compatible with 5% of the 8 billion out there and it is really getting to me. This unease is also fuelled by the fact that I met someone a few years ago who was most likely my soulmate, even though I don't necessarily believe in that stuff. He was just like me and we got along without words. But my insecurities took over and I assumed he was just humouring me, I ended up being cold and he left. I only realized what I had done when I re-read our old text logs and saw that he sent me numerous attempts to engage in a relationship - which I did not acknowledge out of stupidity or maybe because I self-sabotage a lot. Being happy feels foreign to me, so I prefer the misery. Despite not talking with him anymore, I check his blog a lot. And I see that he is happy. Which should make me happy but it doesn't. 

I often fantasize about what could have been. It is a coping mechanism I've had since I was a child. Oh, and I previously stated that I'm unlikeable, one of the reasons is because I lie a lot, often unintentionally. I am trying to correct it but it is hard. My parents think that I am at college and they send me money for my fees but they have no idea that I'm actually not studying.
I know I should come clean but my parents are my only support system and I don't know where to go from here. I can't picture a future because in the past 5 years, nothing has changed despite me trying. I wonder if someone is reading this, and maybe can relate. Maybe I am trying to reach out for a sign. Maybe you've been like this but recovered, maybe that would give me the necessary drive.