I am bisexual, I’ve been through a lot, and I kinda want to die.I get/hear so much shit about being gay. “They should all die”, “You’re gross”, “I’ll kill them myself”, “They’ll rot in hell”, etc.
I live in South Carolina. Yes, the bible belt. I live there. I’m an atheist because my dad taught me a lot about it and i’ve done my own research here and there; i just concluded that not believing made more sense. his side of the family on the other hand are hardcore Christians. His dad was kind of an asshole and changed his ways, so he’s a good guy(ish).
anyways, at the beach a week or more ago, my aunt yelled at my little cousin for watching modern family with my step sister (who is fucking awesome) and my dad and step mother concluded that it was because of the gay couples in it, i mean... what else would it be? my uncle literally showed a vid of a rock band who’d make a wolf and three little piggies out of clay and the fucking wolf was jacking off the guitar. so i don’t even know. they also drink excessively in front of her at the beach... which... whatever.
anyway, point is, i feel like my family secretly hates who i am. an atheist AND i have a girlfriend? i’m a fucking disgrace. i came out when i was 12. i found out i liked girls when i was 12. i always DID, like i was flirty with friends since i was 8. i was always bullied for it and i cut myself and ripped up bibles and i was a mess. 
later though i got a little better, but with all of the memes and the jokes about gay people.. i dunno. it hurts. people wonder why we have pride parades and they hate them. they hate whenever we talk about who we are. they don’t understand why we do these things and it’s simply because we CAN. in other countries they are killed if someone simply questioned it. and that happens when people are atheist too. 

i just feel like i have no reason for being here. if i’m gay i’m automatically a freak. i’m automatically fucked up. i hate myself so much. i’m pushing my gf away atm. i dunno. i feel so stupid. and unloved by my family and friends. i lost all of my friends too. i kept one and she eventually mistreated me for other reasons and now we aren’t the same. 

other reasons i wanna die is, i was abused by my ex. he made everyone think i was crazy bc i told some people and i dunno. my counsin(s) molested me. two girls. one was when i was super younger, she was holding my tits when i was asleep and i bolted away and started crying. then her sister (a bigger girl) was kissing me while i was asleep and i woke and i was in shock. couldn’t or wouldn’t do anything bc she was kinda crushing me and i was so uncomfortable, it was awkward and i was scared. later i got up and she said, “you’re a bad kisser when you’re sleeping.” :( had to pick out pieces of fucking gum that she’d left in my mouth. 

a guy also proceeded to have sex with me after i told him no. i cried, and pretended i liked it. i was again... scared. i’ve always been sexually harassed and i just dealt with it. i told myself before if i ever got raped, just pretend you like it and maybe they won’t hurt you. but now i realized i should have done something. 

my ex (abusive one) coerced me into sex by saying if i didn’t, then he’d kick me out of his house. i didn’t have a car. in my mind my friend probably wouldn’t have came and got me. i was 20 so mins away and she was a new driver. so i did, and i was sobbing loudly and he finished. he also kidnapped my dog and was threatening to kill her. i was devastated. he returned her at the end of my neighborhood and i had to listen for her barks to find her. his mom blamed me. 

i also have had men i didn’t know threaten me with guns. took ‘em out and the people i was with diffused the situations. 

anyways, i’m just traumatize by my entire life and i don’t know what to do. i’m only 18. i feel like if my life is gonna be this way forever, i don’t want to live it. i hated taking meds. i slept all damn day every day and i was just a terrible human. i still am, but it’s less bad. idk. i was kinda doing drugs a lot when i was with the abuser and i want to turn to them again to ease the pain. 

but anyway, i just wanted to vent. 

TL;DR: i want to kill myself because my family secretly hates me, i was raped? (not sure if that’s what it’s considered), molested by two of my girl cousins in my sleep (years apart), abused by my ex (in therapy now bc of it, or was), traumatizing experience with guns (scared to go out, scared of people), i don’t wanna be bi because i feel like it’s better to be dead than gay (ashamed of myself for liking women).