I just needed to write this down.I thought it would help to vent, I guess. Maybe this isn't the right place because I'm not going to kill myself. But, I fantasize about not waking up. I don't feel like I have much to live for. 

Two years ago my dad died. That left me, my boyfriend, my mom, my son and my dog. My mom, who’s always been an alcoholic, drug addict, kicked those addictions and became addicted to Christ. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not  religious, but in general, my attitude is live and let live. So, I certainly don’t have a problem with all religious people. 

But, her type of new-found religion is all about people following rules or going to hell. She moved out of state without telling me and wrote me a letter saying that her drug and alcohol problems and all the abuse I suffered were really my own fault because I “kept her from Jesus”. She said she doesn’t want to waste any more time around people who keep her from “the Truth”. So, she stopped talking to me and my son, who is 23 years old. 

He called her over and over again on Christmas and she wouldn’t answer. Finally, she sent me a text saying she wasn’t going to answer him since he’s not with Christ and she’s only surrounding herself with people who “seek Truth”. 

This is after we stuck with her through arrests, rehab, relapsing, beatings, drunken brawls, etc. 

Last week my boyfriend announced he was moving back home to another state. After more than 2 ½ years he just let me know one week and is moving out the next. Tomorrow is his moving day.

One of the reasons he’s moving so quickly is that he can’t deal with living with my son, who moved in with us after my mom took off. He’d been living with her in her sick, addiction-riddled world and he was in really bad shape. I’ve dedicated the last year to helping him recover and he’s gradually doing better, but it’s hard for all of us. I have to wake him up and convince him to get dressed every morning. I spent all my savings trying to help him. 

So, I get why my boyfriend is ready to leave and I don’t really blame him. I have to do what’s best for my kid, that’s just a fact that I can’t/won’t change. I know what abandonment feels like and I will never abandon him.  That’s why I’m still alive. 

But, the pain of losing my biological family, which I had high hopes of healing and reconnecting with and now losing the family I developed to fill that void is too much. 

I wake up crying. I can’t think to work. I keep getting dressed, I keep going to work, but I get nothing done. I’m at work now! I can barely speak without crying. I have fantasies about getting in a car wreck on the way home from work and just suddenly dying. Then, I feel guilty because what kind of mother thinks about this? The fantasy loses it’s appeal when I think of how my son would react. He’d be worse off than I am now, so, I can’t even fantasize about death without feelings of guilt and sorrow. 

This leaves me with nothing to dream about. I have nothing to look forward to. My boyfriend wanted children, but I have health problems and can’t have more children. A few years ago my mother referred to this as me being “broken” and it stuck with me. I’m broken. 

I’ve spent my whole life wanting a family for me and my son and now in the last year I’ve come so close to two opportunities (my mother getting sober and my boyfriend having a big family, which I clung to) and both fell through.

I’m 41 years old. Before I met my boyfriend I’d gone 12 years without being in a serious relationship. I don’t think I can go 12 more years by myself. It’s hard to trust when you have addicted parents. My first husband died in a car wreck when we were both 23 years old. I remarried and he left me for a woman he met at work. So, I just feel like what’s the point in investing, it’ll all end anyway. 

So, here I am writing to strangers on a website because I don’t have anyone else to call or talk to.  I don’t know how to stop hurting. 

I really just want to go to sleep and not wake up.  I love my son more than anything, but I secretly wish I could get out of this life without making his worse. I know that can’t happen and that’s why I’m still here.

I just wish I could get to a place where living wasn’t an obligation. I’d like to wake up and be happy about it. 

Any advice? Anyone ever overcome a similar situation? 
