Already embarrassed after one counselling sessionI don't know if this belongs here, because I do have "suicidal intent" I guess, but I'm not currently at risk. If it doesn't, let me know and I'll delete the thread.

Alright, down to it, I'm 17, a transguy (I hate it btw, I hate being trans, I have my reasons, some probably pathetic), non-supportive parents, one (online) friend, I go to (British) college which is the only thing that keeps me going, a father I don't really get on with, a probably alcoholic Dad, a mother who doesn't really show her feelings but is my favourite family member, and I have everything I could ever want. A netbook for movies, a custom built computer for gaming and helping me with college, a roof over my head, clothes, food (most of the time), no mental health problems, yet I've landed back into counselling for the second time.

I can see this is going to get long, feel free to move onto someone else if you want, I don't even know why I'm posting really, I don't need help *that* much. I just wanna talk to someone about my life without worrying the one friend, I think.

I'm also 5'0, smoking for a few years so I haven't grown for those years, I'm at the end of the overweight BMI scale suffering lower back pains since I was 11 (Oh, idontbelongonmymain, you need to sit up straight constantly and strengthen your core muscles!) and more recently, heartburn/chest pains randomly and headaches. The headaches I can handle, but heartburn/chest pains are horrid and I'm sick to death of them, I've not even had them long. I have trouble sleeping and right now I think I'm also procrastinating from trying.

If I'm not at college, I'm at home sat on my bed watching TV shows/movies or playing games, apart from one day a week I go to a youth-kinda group for 2 1/2 hours. So, explains why I'm fat, as well as the fact I only eat oven food. I'm really hungry.

Anyway, I went to counselling when I was 13-14 and lied to get out of it, so as not to disappoint my parents, so since then I haven't been open with them about my feelings or self harm (been cutting since I was 10, at some points I used to punch walls and myself), but I've been referred elsewhere than the original place after a leader at the youth-kinda group got worried. I'm actually an exception (I should be 18 to go, but because I'm trans and the person who runs it is interested in working with LGBT folk, I was accepted) and I don't think I deserve it because people have way more problems than me.

My first counselling session was okay, I guess. A woman spoke to me about how I've been feeling and had a massive list of stuff to get out of me, just for "general background." I had spoken on the phone previously to someone, so the woman mentioned what I'd said to them, and having it bounce back at me was so embarrassing. I explained how I'd looked up suicide methods (part curiosity, part I wanna do it), found a method that was quick and rather painless but I'd need a license, so I looked up that and realised I could afford it when I'm 18. I also spoke about how I couldn't sleep because I believe in spirits, and the random noises that houses make are spirits trying to mess with me, and that when I lay down to sleep, I think something's going to scream in my ear. I panic easy from just those little noises, and listening to an audio book helps but if it's too loud I can't sleep, and noises get through it too. I hate silence and the dark. It was horrid having that all read back to me, I feel so childish since they usually work with adults, and I'm worried I'm gonna be booted from the program/counselling sessions because I'm just a stupid teen with silly problems that don't matter, which is what I believe, but 2 people I know (the leader and my friend) really want me to do it and to trust in them, so I did.

I don't think I deserve help, I deserve pain and being dead would be way easier for everyone. I've thought about my loved ones and hardly anyone would be upset. Maybe.. 5 or 6 family members, and my one friend, and maybe my college class might be upset for a day or something, but that's it. I truly think they could all get over it. I honestly deserve to be dead, but I don't know if I'd be too pussy to do it or not, I've never really had a chance. Maybe when I was 14 once but I didn't get far.

So, there you have it. I want to die while I'm safe right now, but it changes. If I don't belong here, again let me know and I'll delete this post. And thank you for reading, if you did.