Wife doesn't love meWe've been married for 5 years, we met online, i'm enligsh in spain, she's peruvian. We decided it would be best for her to move here due to the better economy, but it was a pain getting her paperwork in order for residency status so we decided to get married which would speed the process up alot, we were desperate to be together. Looking back i ofcourse realise that was the wrong reason to get married but we really felt we loved each other enough, we'd been together for 5 months.

I got a mortgage and bought her a house, i wanted her to have as much as i could give her, this was my first house also (i'm 32 she's 28), the first year was great, i had great fun taking her everywhere i could think of, i showed her off as much as i could, i was so proud of my wife i wanted everyone to see and know her.

We did have a problem in the first year that she fell pregnant, at the time i didn't feel ready to be a father but would have stepped up to the responsability, she wanted a big fancy religious wedding as we'd only been married in an office and i told her that with a child she couldn't have that expensive wedding, she chose to abort.

Something i'll live to regret till the day i die.

Later that year i caught her chatting online and planning to meet up with another guy when she travelled back to peru, we had a big fight and everything but we sorted it out. her reasons were that i didn't pay her enough attention. At the time i thought i did but promised to change, which i did.

My mother has been a big factor in the problems, she's very dominating, has to have her say and sticks her nose in everything. I'm a coward and have never stood up for my wife against my mum infront of her, i have had loads of arguements behind the scenes with my mum to leave her alone. She tells me what to do constantly also, she lives 20 mins away.

Over time i became obsessed with reforming the house, thinking i was bettering it for our enjoyment, adding a jacuzzi, bbq, nice garden etc, doing it all myself. Consuming up all my time. I realise now that even though i alwayd asked her opinion on everything i put it in a way that she had to chose from my choises. I've always handled the money, she's not best at it and i'm quite good. We've never been rich but have saved up a little which we decided ti buy some land in peru to build on to sell.

the last years of the marriage we'd have lots of arguements, i'd get angry at small errors she made, even though she made lots of them, we worked together and i'm unfortunately a perfectionist.

Every majour arguement we had i'd promise to change what she was telling me she didn't like about me, and i did, i don't think it was enough but i did my best.

my whole life has been dedicated to my wife, doing as much for her as i could.

last year she went to peru and returned depressed, a big arguement ensued where she said she missed her family too much and she needed them. I promised her we would move to peru to live, we agreed to work towards that goal, and the land we bought would be the doorway to financially allow us to move.

During the last year then i've worked hard to finish what i had started on our house here, i would try and make time to take her out once a week for a long day out. There were many occasions at the end of a day's work she'd ask me to go out for dinner but i was always shattered, i'd say if she'd told me sooner i'd have worked less to have the energy to go out. She says she is more sociable than i am and needed to go out more and would always have the energy for that.

she says i didn't intergrate with her family enough, she's just been back to peru and said people made fun of her because she was always the single one even though she was married, i wasn't able to take alot of time off work to go to peru, also we had agreed to improve our lives and move back to peru so she went back for 2 months with every penny we had to build the house to sell, for me it was my single objective, getting the ball rolling to have the security and funds to go to peru.

She says that may be so but she needed me, she cried for help from me, all she wanted was me, not material things, not a fancy house which i've done up, she only wanted me, and to spend time with her parents, and religious wedding which she dreemed of even if only a simple one, she'd rather not built the house and used some of the money for me to spend xmas with her and her family, i stayed here with my mum.

She has come back and after a day sat me down to say she no longer loves me, that my actions have slowly chipped away at the love she had for me and now there's nothing left. She said she'll stay a while to help with work and once the house is sold in peru she'll go back to reinvest and continue building, that she would like to continue a business relationship with me.

I know it's all my fault, but i really did try and change to how she wanted me, we agreed on this project to move back to peru but apparently she didn't want that, she only wanted me, i don't understand why she didn't tell me directly. I'm obviously not good at reading signals.

I'm absolutely devastated, my chest hurts, it feels like my heart has been ripped out, my sole reason for waking up was my wife.

I don't know what to do???

In the night i wrote out a suicide note, and left it under my pillow, drove to my dads grave who died 10 years ago to the day yesterday when she told me, guess 15 is unlucky for me, i have mixed emotions, i don't want to die, but i also don't to feel this pain. I know it's for atention, i would have killed myself by now if i had real intentions as the pain is so bad, but i'm lost, i don't know what to do.

I'm very shy, i live in a place where people come and go, i have many people i know but no real friends, whilst she was gone for 2 months i was so sad being alone, and now i'm going to be alone again becuase she's leaving me. I love her so much i can't bear it.

i don't know what to do, i can't see myself without her. I can't stop crying.
