Letter to my therapist. Last thing I'll writeI’m not sure how to start this letter. I’ve been meaning to write it for quite some time now but I’ve kept putting it off. I think it’s because I don’t want to face the consequences of writing something like this. Even as I write this now it has become more and more apparent that there may be no hope for me. I’m scared how you’ll react, of what might happen. And let me say I can completely understand if you don’t want to help me, I wouldn’t want to help me either. Let me try and go back a little to try and make you understand how I got to the state I’m in now.

At around Junior year of high school I thought I had my life figured out. I wanted the “American Dream”, make a decent living, a modest home, a loving wife, and eventually kids. At first, I planned my life to be a bit more ambitious; until it dawned on me that I didn’t need all that excess that so many try to obtain. I thought having a loving family to raise and call my own would be enough. To be able to provide for them, to raise kids, to help them be ready for this world.  By the time I was set to graduate it became something I used to focus myself and to motive me to do things I didn’t want to do. However, I slowly realized that this wasn’t a possibility for me. The idea slowly destroyed me. 

This is very hard to say as I’ve said before, this is truly my deepest and darkest secret. I’m a pedophile. I’ve been trying to rack my brain for a more eloquent way to put it but there’s no way around it. I wish I had some traumatic event to point to that led me to be this way, or maybe a brain tumor to blame, but I don’t think there is an excuse. To society I’m the lowest of the low, and it’s a very odd place to be in. There’s no way for me to really get help, as anyone I would speak to might immediately shun me. I’m not looking for sympathy or forgiveness as I don’t think I deserve either. I want to also get this out of the way, as troubling as it is to talk about. I have never nor will I ever touch a child. The fact that I even have to type that out repulses me. To put myself in that kind of situation. I also want to state that I’m not exclusively attracted to younger women. Young or old it doesn’t seem to matter for me. I don’t really think there’s an easy way to say all of this or if it isn’t even necessary. If I should just stop digging a hole for myself now. 

I don’t know when or why it started but it just did. Maybe it was my exposure to the internet coupled with my own curiosity that got me here. What I do know is I don’t deserve the life I have. Everything I have done or ever will do will forever be tainted by this. I’m afraid I’m already on some list somewhere, that at any moment it will catch up to me. I really don’t see any other option but to die. Any life where I continue on, even if I do get some sort of treatment, will not be one worth living to me. Like I said, everything I do will have a blight on it. I am forever scarred by it and its something I’ll have to carry for the rest of my life. I don’t think I’m prepared to bear that burden much longer. Every time I try and plan for something, or think about my future, I always have it in the back of my mind that it doesn’t matter. That I’ve already ruined my life so what’s the point?

So, at some point I realized that I couldn’t have what I wanted, how could someone like me even raise a child or a family? I’m unfit for that type of life. I trust myself enough to never physically do anything but why should anyone take my word for it? All my life, my friends and family, they always tell me how great of a guy I can be, how one day I’ll make a great dad or uncle, whenever I hear that I want to throw up and kill myself right then and there. I know I’m not a good person because of this. How could I be? I’m not sure there are any options for me, especially where I don’t expose myself to the ones who love me. At this point, this is more about getting it off my chest to someone. I’m certain I’ll be gone fairly soon, so I won’t hold anything back anymore in discussing it. If you’re still reading at this point.

A couple weeks ago when I was at my lowest and started to do more research on suicide, I thought my best option was to shoot myself as that seems to be the most effective way. But there are those horror stories about people who survive. Any weapon I’d have access to would be of a low caliber round which would make my survival of such an attempt more likely. But that same day, as I laid in bed thinking of what might happen, my father brings home a new gun he purchased. One many more times powerful. In a messed\-up way it was like a sign. Now I have no more excuses. I had written a letter to my family and friends to try and explain why I would do something like this. I know my parents will blame themselves, especially my father. I’m not sure I’ll leave it as it may just leave more questions for them to fight about. I really wish there was some sort of assisted suicide program in the States so I wouldn’t have to put everyone through so much trouble.

We discussed people who survive these attempts, how they feel an overwhelming sense of regret they even tried or relief that they lived. I’m positive I’d share a similar sentiment. I don’t want to die, there is much I’d still like to see and do. My best friend is getting married soon and he keeps talking about a future that includes me. What we’ll do for his bachelor party, what’ll happen once he has kids, if and when I get married someday, etc. It pains me to think that I won’t be there for any of it. I feel like my hand is being forced as a result of my own choices. I’ve already buried myself in a mountain of debt and bad choices separate from my main affliction. There are still many things that bother me in this world that would be far to numerous to start talking about here. I’m depressed about a lot of things but obviously the big one is what is really driving my mental state. Maybe I am seeing things through this lens of depression and not thinking clearly. I just don’t think anyone can or is willing to help me. 

I can go on forever but I’ll stop here. I’m not sure if we’ll have our discussion on Sunday, either because you don’t want to, technical issues, or because I don’t have the courage to face the aftermath of finally telling someone. Either way I just want to say thank you. You seem like a genuinely amazing person and therapist. I appreciate you trying to help me even though I may sometimes seem incoherent or my inability to articulate in person the things that are bothering me. I wish you well, and again, thank you. 