It'll never get better..I don't know... I have no one to talk to about this. I've been feeling like killing myself on the 20th. I've been sucidal before but never so seriously considering it. I had a hard life growing up, so did a lot of other people, and I never usually let it bother me. My mom basically went on a meth binge and split up with my Dad and me and my sisters went to live with my grandma. At 14 I moved back with my parents ( who reconciled) in a new state but ended up using meth and any other drugs I could. My sisters still lived in cali and still do today. I haven't gone back since, ten years ago. Ive seen two of my sisters a few times though. My dad died when I was 16 and it was hard for me to cope with. He was in jail alot growing up and the last two years I had with him we became very close. his friend made a move on my mom and I ended up fighting with him. she sided with him so now were estranged. This was like the 3rd battery and 10th offense all together so I was sent to the states juvenile correction center until I turned 18, basicly the kids prison. I enrolled in a program about cognative and rational thinking that really helped. I lived with my "best" friend when I got out. Got my first job flippin burgers. Not doing great but I was happy. then I ran into a girl I met the first day I moved there when we were 14. we started dating, moved in together, and got married. It lasted 4 years.. I loved her so much she asked for the divorce and I gave her no resistance. We fought alot but usually always resolved it quickly. She was a very depressed person tho and it was hard to constantly comfort her. she also got fed up with me getting fired from a string up jobs and ended up working part time min wage at a dollar store. She left, took most of the money, the car, the dog. She understood me, i could be myself, she loved smoking bud as much as me, I held her in my arms, kissed, told each other I love you.. this was really my first heart break and it stopped bothering me a few months ago but our birthdays were really close and hers was yesterdays. She got a new boyfriend pretty quickly afterwards and I haven't met a girl I really liked. There was one but the sex ended up being terrible and I knew it couldnt work. But yeah... I moved back in with my "best" friend and had to quit my shit job because I had no car anymore and moved a few cities over. Still haven't found a job and its been nine months. Me n my friend had a pretty solid and shaky relationship. his family became my family since mine were so far away, and I stayed at his house during high school so much it was second nature moving in. he was also pretty much the only person who wrote me in prison. we stopped talking for a cpl years because he stole my dads bong and traded it for vicoden. he denies it to this day but I was in jail with the guy he traded it to! he constantly lies, cheats, steals, whatever he can do for those vicoden.  becomes an annoying asshole. he puts them above anyone or anything and it hurts his family (me, his wife and three year old) so bad but no one can say anything he is so irrational. And I really do consider him my brother, his son my nephew. But he eats 20 yellow norco and says some of the most hurtful or annoying things, neglects his childs need... its hard living with an addict. it never was this bad but the two years we didnt talk he got depressed and his tolerance went from 3 to 12, often taking 20, costing thousands we sometimes dont have. recently he traded 2 ounces of the weed I was suppose to sell, couldnt make up the money, now the guy who fronted me is threatening me daily. Thats pretty much where Im at. I don't see it ever getting better. 

tl;dr sorry. just depressed. wanted more to write it out then anything else.