I think tonight is the night, I have nothing and I'll never be anything.Thanks for taking the time to read. **Content Warning ahead** 

I'm feeling probably the lowest I ever have in my life and am considering the end. I came here because I'm kind of hoping someone can stop me.

Life for me right now is extremely mediocre. Until we move at the end of this month, I'm stuck without school and a job. Still living with my parents, mainly treated like a servant around here than a family member. I pay $300 a month in groceries as my rent. My parents are nearing 70 and don't really try to be there for me or help me out anymore, they never have. I posted on raised by narcissists about this.
 
I'm unhappy, honestly all I want... is a mediocre job, average school and a tiny place to call my own. That's it, for now. I don't have extremely grandiose dreams but that's all I want. but I feel like I'll never get there.

I also have lingering guilt over something that happened when I was a kid. Most people tell me to get over it and let it go because it was sort of minor, I'm trying but it's hard.

I got sexually assaulted at like 11-12. The 16 year old girl led me and two other boys into the woods, she told us to fight each other and the winner would get to fondle her chest. I refused, she responded by going up to me and making me grab them. I never told my family about this, they wouldn't have cared. But I didn't like it and I hated breasts until last year.

But also when I was 13 my cousin and I got a little too close. She would sit on my lap all the time in a weird way, stick her private parts into my face and we cuddled all the time. In a moment of weakness, I don't know why I thought it was okay but I placed her hand on my privates for a few moments. I never did this again.

Later on she was staring at my parts while I slept, and even later forced herself into my pants even after I stopped her, eventually forcing me to get up.

I'm trying to move past this. I'm trying to be a normal adult but I'm stuck with this family who uses me, I have nothing and I'm so alone.

It would be so easy to go in that cabinet and grab one and end it all, or take a pill. I want to so bad.

I want a life more than that, but I don't think someone like me can ever have one...