Nobody can save me from myself.I expressed to my parents how suicidal I've felt and they told me they want to take me to the mental hospital so I can at least kill myself there and they won't be blamed for my death. 

I can hardly talk to my boyfriend and he doesn't care about me anymore. I have to be the one messaging him now. He hasn't voluntarily said, " I love you. " or anything warm and welcoming in the longest of time. I just seem to stress him out now, especially today when I told him about the incident and he got angry and frustrated. He didn't console me at all. He just told me to try to get out of the bed and to sleep early if necessary. I don't know why I still love him when we hardly even see each other now. I get depressed that I miss him, then feel powerless and when I do see him, things are awkward between us and I can tell he's not as loving to me as he used to be because I'm not worth of anything now and can't offer him anything.  I've been emotionally clingy to other people but no matter how much I ask for help, nothing comes from it. 
I could type so much more but I'm tired. I don't have a future anymore and I can't break out of this cycle. 
The last straw was when my boyfriend said he just wants to see me confident. Does he not realize I am shy and withdrawn and broken and insecure at my core? He expresses no love and I can't bring myself to leave him. 
But it's not like I'm a woman of worth anyways. I am worth nothing in this society. 



I'm so lonely. I dream of a day where somebody can barge into my room, and change my life for the better. 

But it seems like nobody can save me. Or just get into my brain and change my perspective on life. 

I'm going to lose my boyfriend, and lose everything. I've already dropped out of the community college. I don't see a light. I don't see a light at all. I don't know how to contribute to society. Reality is so scary. I'm just going to keep holing myself away in this dark room afraid of the outside world. It's been so long since I've last saw him. He wants a confident girl. Said he wants to "compromise" which is why he's staying with me despite me constantly being a needy, suicidal, broken mess. 
The right only sensible thing I should do is break up with him and let him be with a confident girl, be alone, find the courage to kill myself the most painless way possible so I can leave everyone alone. I've just been a parasite to everything and everyone. 



The only value I ever had growing up was my appearance and being a sex toy for men to use. Now that I'm getting older I have no worth anymore. Should have paid attention in school. Should have tried to get along with other peers. Should have tried to not be a special snowflake. Shouldn't have been such a depressed attention whore. Should get a job. Should be a happy, productive member of society. Shouldn't have been such a school delinquent. 

I shouldn't have thrown myself at him to try to distract myself from my depression. 

And yet I'm too scared to do anything. So I'll just rot away in this room, disappointing my family/relatives and everybody around me while I get older and try to escape from society as much as I can out of shame of what I've become. 