It is complicated and it doesnt feel rightI have had suicidal thoughts for almost a decade now. Back then, I had dreams about having an illness that was slowly killing me and I would lie in my bed and think about who would be with me in my final hours. I also tried to think of an answer for what is beyond death. Am I reborn, will I wander the earth like a ghost, or would I be dust in the galaxy? It always circled my mind, even today
I was never really social in school. No one really liked me, I cant explain why. I wasnt weird from what I can remember, I never had the ambitions to make friends. A few kids invited me to their group and thats how I made it through preschool. The next years I was on my own again because I couldn't go to the same school as my friends, and my new class was full of kids who lived in the same villages and did preschool together. Again I wouldn't socialize, I was bullied and even physically attacked, but the teachers never saw it and they didnt understand why I wanted to be alone. After 2 years I told my parents I wanted to change schools, they didnt knew about the bullying but they signed me into another school
I made it through graduation, was rather bad because I couldn't get my lazy self to study
I tried university for 2 years, even made a few friends by myself, but since I left there because I couldn't graduate the classes, I slowly lost my friends. The only one staying with me was my best friend, but she recently moved to Britain and I know that our friendship cant last through this
I may have depression, I never talked to a doctor about it but its the only reasonable excuse why I feel down all day. I had two suicide attempts within half a year and it broke me even more that I wouldn't die already.

But after all I've read in this reddit, it feels "unfair" that I want to kill myself when there are people with much worse situations. I have no diseases, I have a somewhat working family and a few friends, I make some money without graduation and I'm not in debt. But I just want to die. Its my only wish, and nothing would hold me back. But it just won't happen. Am I unworthy because I'm not living my life to the best it could?