I need helpThe last bit of my life has been very tough. I feel like I should share my life story and talk to some people here.

When I was about 13 I started to have bad depression and anxiety. I missed almost everyday either due to asthma or anxiety. I didn't feel like I was fitting in. I went to a private school in my town and the people there were cruel. When I was diagnosed with depression I told my cousin who also had depression and he told all my friends at school. For the next while they all made fun of me for missing school and having depression, it made me feel like I trusted my cousin and he completely destroyed me. Towards the end of the school year I ended up beating up a kid who has been bullying me for roughly 12 years. It was so satisfying. Since the private school I went to has a no tolerance for fights I ended up getting expelled. I though I basically has immunity since my grandfather has donated millions of dollars to that school, but I didn't... I was really sad that I got kicked out and I was forced to go to public school. It was very scary going from 80 kids in my grade to 450. I was very overwhelmed and it made me go to school even less. By the Christmas of 9th grade I was going to my friends parties and was doing a lot of recreational drugs and drinking alcohol and I was getting into trouble. My parents found out and they are super conservative and they got really upset and kept a closer eye on me, this made me very mad. In April of 2015 I was sent to a psychiatric hospital and was diagnosed with bipolar depression and generalized anxiety disorder. I was there for 2 weeks and it was hell. It made me even more sad. A big reason I was depressed and anxious is because my 24 year old brother was getting married in June. On the night of his rehearsal dinner at his wedding my two brothers and my brothers groomsmen convinced me to drink with them but they didn't know I had been drinking before. I downed a first drink of whiskey and coke and they were impressed. Soon I didn't know what was going on and I blacked out. Apparently at 2:30 am the hotel manager found me on the penthouse floor of the hotel passed out in a puddle of vomit. I was rushed to the emergency room and had a BAC of .15. I almost died that night because of my stupid decisions. In July of 2015 I was sent to a wilderness program called second nature in Utah. I was there for 9 weeks and it was actually fun. Afterwards I figured my parents would never send me to boarding school, but they did. I was really upset and it made me more depressed again. 7 months later and it's April and I'm home for surgery and will be home for another couple of weeks. I really can't go back to that place that tortures me. The school is very bad and they have terrible staff that are really mean. Tonight I yelled at my parents for being very controlling and at my mom for drinking a lot. When she drinks it really bothers me because she always says "ThrowfarawayDrugs, take your medicine." Every couple of minutes even though I took them the first time she asked. 

That is my story, sorry if I sounded like a Whiney brat but that's how I see it and it makes me really consider whether I should kill myself or not. 