I want to kill myself but I’m afraid of deathI really dislike me, I’ve been told  countless times that I’m not smart, that I’m not pretty, that I’m fat, how I’ve got no personality and how I was a mistake. Even though these words are small, they’re like millions of paper cuts that keep on attacking, never getting time to heal cause I keep on getting cut. 
Being asian is hard because of the stereotypes that “we’re all good at school”  and docile, submissive, which I really hate, but coming from an asian immigrant army family was really hard for me, having to constantly move around so you never got to make proper friends or have memories of your childhood and I missed out on a lot of school so I was always behind on class making people think I was dumb, slow.
During high school I got bullied, I didn’t have a lot of friends, even then all my friends were all popular so I was just left behind, I always wondered why, was it the way I looked, the way I talked, I don’t know. Even though I moved schools it was the same. I felt like an outcast, especially cause I was an asian who wasn’t good at school, later during senior year, I tried to prove people wrong, I studied really hard, got lots of tuition and everything and passed with one of the highest grades in my class.
But once I entered college everything went down hill, I got hospitalized and missed a few weeks of school, I wasn’t able to take the courses I wanted which lead me to not doing well. Also cause I moved to a new school, I didn’t know any of the people that went so it was hard in class cause I didn’t know anybody, they all had there friendship groups already so that really intimidated me. 
So during college I was going through a lot, always failing all the exams and tests, my parents kept getting emails telling them I failed which lead to problems in the house, everything kept falling apart cause of me, my mom and dad got sicker cause of me, I wasn’t close to my sibling so I can’t talk to them, my friends have their own problems to deal with, I mean I’ve talked to them about my suicidal thoughts and stuff but as exams got closer, they were stressed out themselves so I couldn’t talk to anyone, it felt like I had no one.
I had gone though a really bad breakup during this time, I really needed him but he couldn’t be there and kept blowing me off, he knew about my problems with my family but wasn’t there for me when I needed him the most so when I broke it off with him, my heart got ripped out of me because he was the only one I knew would be there for me but it didn’t last which completely broke me. Not only was I having problems with my mental health, my family, I had lost him as well.
I really feel like I’ve lost everything, right after the breakup, I had my finals and I wasn’t able to concentrate on anything l, I couldn’t do anything but sleep in my bed because it was too hard to face the world without him, this caused me to completely fail all my exams. Now that I’ve failed, I’ve disappointed my family and friends, I lost the one I love. 
I have nothing. I’m a hollow shell of a person. I’m  too emotionally drained to carry on living, I’m tired of waking up too screams and insults. I’m tired of the judging eyes of my teachers, family, relatives, friends, society. 
All I want to do is leave this world but I’m too scared of what’s going to happen after I die, where do I go, will I stay in utter darkness while life keeps on moving.
I’ve tried and tired to kill myself but fail every time, when I was 9 I put a knife to my neck to kill myself, when I was 10 I sat on the edge of my windowsill so I could kill myself, later during my teenage years I kept trying to kill myself by choking myself with a handkerchief but I always failed because I was scared of death, I still have that handkerchief. 
I feel so alone and mentally drained. When I try try to give myself time to take care of myself, everything goes wrong, I can’t do this anymore, I want to end it but I’m so scared, I don’t know what to do anymore with my life...