First online post Ever. Unfortunately i want to dieI just stopped myself from Killing myself...
The first time I tried to hang myself a couple days ago I didn't do it right and I just tried an hour ago again and just couldn't stop crying.

I can't give my life story because it will give away who I am, and I am just not prepared for that. However I need to give some background because I want help so bad right now.

I've had a decent life with some hiccups here and there. When I was young my family was in a car accident and the steering wheel was supposed to collapse, instead of collapsing it crushed my father to death when another car hit us and I had to watch my father die. It wasnt until I was older that I found out that his last words were asking my mom if I was alright. This really fucking messed me up but I've always bidding my pain from it.

Fast forward... I graduate high school eventually. Get accepted to almost every school I applied to including West Point. I had everything.. a wealthy family, loving parents. However I decided to go to a more local College to be with my GF. Well that didn't really ladt long as I fell in love with someone else and then evtually broke up with her. It was my first year of college that I started experimenting with drugs. Before that I had only smoked marijuana several times and done a couple painkillers like Vicodin and Percocet. Well unfortunately I became a drug addict and started using drugs to mask my pain etc.

I got kicked out of college after two chances and then started attending community college. Nothing got better... Things really got bad when 2-3 years ago I started using heroin(snorting) and Suboxone here and there as a daily thing. I quickly lost all ambition. Gave up on running the 400 meters in the Olympics dropped out of school... Etc. You get the point. 

However a couple of months after this started I met 
the girl that I had been waiting on for all these years. Unfortunately my drug use didn't stop, instead I hid it from her for a year, but I was finally in a much better mental place as I had a life long lover/friend. I had lost almost all of my friends during my constant use mostly from being kinda shady, lieing constantly to not make myself seem so pathetic since everyone knew me as the Golden boy.  

Anyways last August after a year of trying I finally got off of the opiates. However I had to take large amounts of immodium daily because from using opiates for two years it completely had changed the muscle contractions in my GI tract leading to intense pain when stopping opiates. I used Kratom to help me through it for a little but then completely stopped that as well. I was sober for 3 months before I finally caved in again and started using methadone just a few times. To give you an idea how negatively drugs impact my life... I took methadone like 3 times and lost all motivation again and in turn lost my job. This was extremely hard on me and my GF as I had already gone through the same thing a year before and it had been months before I got a new job out of pure laziness and struggling with symptoms from addiction and withdrawal. Anyone I cut that shit out again and got a new job which I start in 10 days. I only found out this Friday that I had the job. 

Well last week before I knew that I finally had a job again that paid well and had full benefits etc. I was going through some severe depression again feeling like a fuck up. My dad had his doctorates degree, my mom has her master's, and my younger brother will have his Master's degree in the next year. Realizing just how little I had accomplished with my once promising life I caved in and went and got Heroin. Well I got so fucked up that night and left the baggie out and my GF saw it and I had to lie about it and say it was something else that I got from a friends friend.  Well FML she ran into my friend at the gym and asked if  it was what I said it was anf if I got it from his friend and he fucking told her it was heroin and I knew etc etc. Basically I was caught in my own lie.

That was the icing on the cake. It made her sick emotionally and really fucked me up. I tried to take my life that day by hanging myself in secret but of course it didn't work. It's Sunday now 7:46 pm and I just tried killing myself by hanging again but just sat there instead for a while crying. I tried calling for help but my only friend that I wasn't embaressed enough to talk to probably didn't know how to respond to my please for someone to talk to because he's prob never had to deal with someone this depressed before, and I understand. 

I'm sitting here still thinking about killing myself.  I'm not asking for sympathy or pity, but it really sucks not having a single friend. I have ashamed my father's grave, wasted away over 200,000 $ from my trust fund (created from the car company that sold my family the defective car) on wasted time in school and court to get me out if drug related incidents, watched all my friends and brother surpass me with degrees, the list goes on. I really do feel worthless.

Please if you took the time to read this I really need help. I know that if I don't start seeing the world and my predicament in a different light that I won't last much longer. Also sorry about my grammar and synthax. I've been crying the whole time while writing this and can barely see the screen on my phone.

Please don't ever do fucking drugs, especially opiates.