How to deal with this situation/ get out? Please here me out I beg of youOkay people, this might be a long one and it might be a little disjointed because I'm trying to gather my thoughts together. I'm a 20 year old male ( will be 21 in July) and I believe I have a case of an nmom. I believe (I know for a fact) my mom has always resented me since birth because I wasn't meant to happen (she stated that) and because she tried putting me up for adoption and the only reason why i wasn't sent to an adoption home is because my great grandma (who was adopted kid) intervened and didnt want me to live a similar life to what she lived (I was told this in 10 grade and my mom dosent know I know this) and with that info it explains how she treats me compared to my older brother and in general . So let's summarize my life and give an in depth description of my situation. Throughout my entire life my mom has always treated my brother better then me and has had an overall bias for him. Whether it be buying him new clothes and giving me hand me downs (which occurred all the way up til 11 grade due to me getting a "job") or just by the way she handled problems differently between us (I would get more severe punishments)  Another thing is she's never really payed any attention to me (she saids I had good grades but I had a 2.5 gpa in highschool which I'll explain) and I feel she takes out her anger on me due to her being in an abusive marriage and being diagnosed with bipolar and a few other things. First let me explain my highschool situation and then we'll fast forward a bit. So in highschool in my freshman year literally the first day of school, I had the most embrassing thing happen to me and because of this it's changed my life and shaped me as a person. On the first day of highschool in art class I pissed my shorts. It was so bad I skipped the next day of school but my brother told me that there was no escaping it because everybody was talking about it so he really didn't want to associate himself with me (but he already didn't associate himself with me due to being around the wrong crowd and getting a felony in middle school ) So throughout my highschool life I was ridiculed and made fun and I just couldn't focus and I was afraid to talk to people because everyone knew it. I was depressed and had no friends there due to just moving  and to top it l off Im black (which I think race plays a part in your highschool life because there's so many stereotypes and people just trying to fit in) So after highschool I proced to go technical school so I could transfer to a unviersty (I was thinking about going into the military at the back of my mind as a last resort , REMBER this) When I was looking for colleges with my mom she was surprised that I had such a low gpa which goes to show you how much attention she had for me. Anyway I was only able to complete one semester of college due to the fact that my mom received an oppurtunity to transfer location for her job a verison wireless to altanta which she took because she took because she wanted to "be connected" with the music industry because she a "manager" and if you don't know a lot of black people speak highly of altanta. So anyway, I'm pretty much forced to go to altanta because just didn't have any other option because if not I would of ended up like my brother who decided not to come (he's living in a one bedroom apt living cautious due to the job he has not paying much) So I'm living in altanta now with my mom and not knowing the full situation until later. Because apprantly my mom was having half the rent payed by someone she was in a "relationship" with before which I thought was over because he was going to later move in lets just call him Bob. So I'm just living life coped in my room withering away because I have no one to talk to, not getting any jobs due to never working, and not being able to go to college due to having no ride or license or even a damn permit. So it hit me " I got to do something with my life because if not I won't be shit, age 18" so after 6 months of living in ga with nothing going for me I decided I wanted to join the navy (which I already brought it up to my mom previously) so I take the asvab and scored an 82 and was given a pact firemen job (which I didn't want but took anyway due to the fact I needed to get out my situation because nobody was helping me) So the entire time this is happening my mom starts agitated due to the fact she probably knew the reason that I was leaving because of her. So throughout this period of waiting to get deployed she would start arguements with me and not take me to my DEP meeting forcing my petty officer to. So I finally get into basic training and realized that this life wasn't for me so I tried to push myself but the thing that caught me was I didn't know how to swim and because of that I was in boot camp for 4 months and emotionally broke down and got seperated. So when I made that phone call to my mom telling her what happen she was all supportive (which I think was just an act, because it was more of relief to her  that I tried to do sonething but failed and that I have to depend on her) So after being seperated im back at my moms house and to my surprise my uncle is here and Bob. My mom told me she wanted me to relax on jumping straight into something and that she would help me once I decided to get back into things. So after living there for a few weeks i realized everything wrong with the situation of my mom moving to altanta. Because constantly my mom and Bob would argue and Bob would bring up the fact he was paying half the rent while not even living in the house and the fact my mom would never claim they were in a relationship publicly. And whenever either one wasn't around they would talk shit about each other behind each other backs to my uncle, (also when they would argue Bob would not pay rent out of spite) the whole time im just the non existent one. Fast Forward to my CURRENT SITUATION my mom ends up getting in a relationship with another dude while she was still clinging on to  Bob (using him for rent) , so Bob just saids fuck it and moves out and lost all contact with my mom. Now lets get to the bs since my mom is with her new boyfriend lets call him Jack she has made it very apprant that she dosent like me by talking shit about me to Jack, my brother, Jacks two daughters and my uncle. And when ask her for help she saids "you'll get no where in life depending on people" (because she knows I need her help and she's going out of her way to not help me). it's gotten worse because I confronted her about how she talks shit about me (she responded with im just venting, my ass) and isn't really trying to help me, and how it's because of her that my brother  just ignores me. Which didn't work out because this N just disregarded all the points I made and said I disrespected her and proceded to tell my brother, my uncle, and Jack just so they can have a reason to not help me and to justify the way she treats me. So pretty since my nmom has a stable source of income to leech on she no longer feels the need to pretend to care about me because before with Bob she still needed me just i case everything hit the fan. So what the fuck do I do, I literally have nothing. Sorry for the long story and disjointness, if there is anything you don't understand/ need more info on just tell me. ~Haze

•To Summarize: mom never really liked me, I tried going to the miltaty to get away, emotionally broke down and got seperated, came back and is now dealing with my mom slandering me behind my back and giving people reasons to hate me to justify her reasons of treating me this way. Then I've never had a job, I never got a drivers license, I don't have a car, and my mom can't take me to technical college and I can't go to a university because of my low gpa and not taking an ACT or SAT