I just want to dieI don't know how my life became like this. I'm only 17, and I'm with someone whos 31. How are my parents okay with this? Its because I had to move out when I was barely 16. We lived in federal housing and when the oldest two moved, we got kicked out. I moved 5 times in around 7 months. I lost most of my personal belongings. Even where I'm at now I have to hide from the landlord because theres only supposed to be 2 people here and when i moved in I became the third. I had to give away my cat of 12 years away for a year, and now that shes back with me she acts different. I don't even talk to my family, because I remember horrible things that they act like never happened. My sisters used to get to eat in front of me, literally moments after I was denied food by my parents. They always got new clothes, and I only got handme-downs. I have always been the blame child. Usually the man I'm with is amazing but I keep seeing these #saveourchildren posts and it makes me feel disgusting. I have been raped, physically and sexually assaulted, physically, mentally and sexually been abused by people. No matter where I go someone wants to touch me, or smack me, or just make me feel terrible.   


December was the last time I self harmed but lately its becoming to much. I identify as nonbinary, but my bf wont accept it. He wont let me talk about my pain or my thoughts and wont let me recount past experiences because he thinks its irrational that they still affect me. I love this man, but I feel wrong for it. I even write poetry to try and replace the talking but its useless. I ask him to read my poetry but he doesnt want to, if I want him to know it I have to read it to him. That makes me uncomfortable, even more so because he doesnt actually listen to them.. he just says it was a nice poem, even if its talking about when I was forced naked and had my photos taken without consent. I want all of this pain in my chest to go away, but hes always acting like nothing that hurts is a big deal. I feel so lost, and as he's sleeping I keep looking at our pocket knives and lighters. I want some relief and I know hurting myself always makes me feel better, but I know everyone would be mad and dissapointed if I did that. But all I can do is cry and its not even enough for my pain to go away, I can get high all I want but it only intensifies my thoughts. I cant get to a professional for help and I feel like Im not good enough for anyone on any hotline to talk to. When I go lay down at night the only thought that brings me any comfort is the thought that one day, hopefully sooner rather than later, I wont be alive to feel like this anymore.