9In the middle of the first interrogation, the cops stopped and talked to some guy across the room. I turned around, and it was that taxi creep from the hotel! Angry and shook, I asked why he was there: he was the hotel owner. 

Twice I saw my two rapists cuffed together. The cops gave me a heads up the first time to see if they had the right guys. The second time, they didn’t. After several weeks, John finally arrived. He took so long because he had to get money for a travel visa, flights, hotels, food, and taxis to all these appointments. Some of this was barrowed, some of this had to be extracted from the remainder of his DND Pension, which is a complicated process. The Canadian Consulate sent me in with a Vietnamese-born translator who said it’s illegal for the police and doctors not let John in with me, but the police claimed that it was the law and refused. 

That good cop ended up telling me that I should have stayed at this other hotel which was safer, in his district, and highly reputable. That was the hotel the cab driver tried to bring me to that was full.

John and I stayed at a $15/night CAD hotel. Upon arrival, the sheets were disgusting and folded it so you can't see stains. The water was brown and stunk. The tub and sink were mouldy. There were cockroaches and flies. They charged $5 CAD for each “stained” item which could have been bleached but claimed that everything was hand-washed. The food was disgusting and had fruit flies and mosquitoes in it. 

The “Morgue”

After two months the cops FINALLY gave me a referral to a place they called a “morgue.” The translator said this is where they do autopsies on foreigners who die there. It was a dusty open garage with cubicle walls. The washroom was a cement hole in the ground. It looked like it has never been cleaned. There was no toilet paper, running water, or soap. There were spider webs, stains, and open barred glassless windows.

Again, the doctors and nurses wouldn’t let John in. He demanded why we weren't sent there sooner if the cops knew this was the next step. "Was it because we didn’t agree to bribe your police?!" The room went silent. The translator laughed and changed the subject. You just don't talk about that in Vietnam.

The nurses sent out my translator. None of the nurses or doctors spoke English. Gloveless, they handwrote my name and the date on paper, cut it, and used a glue stick to put it on my face and next to now faint bruises and took pictures. They took full body shots as well. They took blood and a mouth swab. The doctor asked why we didn't come in sooner, laughing at us. We wouldn't have been allowed to go without a police referral anyway. 

The Rubber Duck “Door”

I walked through a “doorway” into a room the size of a small apartment washroom. The door was a clear plastic shower curtain with cartoon rubber ducks and water, like something for a kid’s washroom.

6 or 7 nurses came in and told me to strip down. They never explained a thing, even when I tried asking, they stayed silent and ignored me, just like my Vietnamese family. One had a huge needle. As I laid naked on this cold bare steel flimsy bed without drapes, a male doctor came in. Frantically, I asked for a female doctor. They did not or would not let any female take over. The girls hovered, held me down, and peeked in and out just like at the cop shop. I started having flashbacks. 

I had flashes of shitty relatives, friends, strangers, sexual assaults, rapes, and pedophiles. I was angry and afraid. “What would have happened if I put those other fuckers in jail? All these so-called family and friends who never apologized, pretending everything was fine, as if nothing happened? Why is it okay for the 1 male doctor, 6 nurses, and others to do this?!" \*I\* was the one making the nurses uncomfortable because \*I\* was crying. I was in tears and shaken up; my heart pounded. I couldn't breathe. I was 23 years old having flashbacks.

The male doctor finished my pap test and whatever. I put my clothes on, feeling like I had zero dignity. I cried hard and was heavy and weak. I dragged my feet and went to the “waiting area.” John held me. It was like the translator didn’t get what was wrong and was giggling. It was FUCKED!

More Corruption and Confusion

Even though it was 1.5 months after the incident and I already had my period, the police ordered me to get a pregnancy test again. The translator didn't explain anything as usual, and of course, John couldn’t be in for this either. They swabbed for semen and did a piss test. The cops had in their report to check if my hymen was broken, even though I have been with John for almost 9 years, AND they gave me even gave me an ultrasound!!!

I got properly tested at the second western doctor and have been tested several times in Canada since. I hate how every time I get tested, they have to list every single thing and say, “… Negative. \_\_\_... Negative...” instead of just saying, “you’re good!” Thank fuck I am clear and hope nothing comes up in the future either.

One day, a fake taxi wouldn't let us out. He brought us to his neighborhood where he knew nobody spoke English and that there were no police. He then suddenly pretended he couldn't speak English anymore. The meter raised rapidly in $5.00 USD increments. We gave him a $5.00 bill and tried to walk out. He turned around and grabbed John by his shoulders, shaking and yelling at him, demanding $25.00. Everyone stared. Nobody cared.

We met one good taxi. He learned English from watching movies. He just got out of jail for and said the cops refused to help his mother, He had his own electrical repair company, and the guy who worked with him tried to sexually assault his mother. He attacked the perpetrator. Since “the other guy’s family is more powerful than his,” our taxi ended up in jail. It sounded like a movie.

Mid-December: Leaving

John had to leave. His 3 weeks was up. My flight was 1.5 weeks later. I had to fly from Vietnam to the states, Vancouver, then Doe. Was I excited? I never get my hopes up. I’ve never been the type: my wedding? Nah, Mexico? Nah; maybe a burst of crazy excitement upon arrival or once we settle on the beach, but nah.

When I landed in the states, I had to line up and go through customs to get my bags re-checked-in. They gave 45 minutes between flights. Because of all this, the crew said they would wait for us 8. Even then, they overbooked it and let new people take our seats. An elderly woman in a wheel chair and her daughter, a pregnant couple, myself, and some others all missed our flight because of the poorly timed layover and baggage check. We all had to spend the night and pay even more to switch flights.

I tried to browse the mall nearby to kill time and find something warm; I was dressed like a summer tourist. Everybody was being dicks and yelling at me for wearing a t-shirt, shin-length shorts, and sandals because it was winter. I had a meltdown trying on pants. One cashier was sweet, but even then, I was just some weird girl wearing sandals in the winter without a coat. I got suckered into buying a jacket that was too small. 

The Airport Creep

I asked security where a decent sleep spot would be: somewhere lit and where workers were around. He brought me to benches/couches where it would get busy once things opened again. I was on edge, because some guy was following me. I covered my purse with my jacket and used it as a pillow. As I tried getting comfortable, the guy was watching me. When we made eye contact, he fidgeted and looked away. He scootched closer and closer, from couch to couch. Even though it was an empty airport in the middle of the night and everything was closed. It was dead in there, and he chose “my” section. I let it slide. I was so exhausted from the 16-hour flight, jet lag, cold dry winter, shift in surroundings and being surrounded by rude English-speaking people, and all the trauma. The security guard came by offering blankets and pillows, and asked that guy if he wanted any who refused and walked off. As soon as security left, the creep came back and kept trying to talk to me! I eventually dozed in and out on guard. I was still in fight mode, and was  used to being half awake because of my childhood anyway. I heard a rustle. That guy was touching my bags! 

He pretended he was laying down on the couch next time mine pretending to sleep! He went to the washroom. I was shaking. I got up, grabbed my shit, and ran to the girl’s washroom. Again, I was trapped in an empty, dark, lonely, airport, in the states, across the continent, but worlds away from home. I locked myself in a dark stall and bawled. 

I wrote and drew, detailing -everything- I could. I described what he looked like and when this all took place. I peeked out to make sure he was gone. I held a pen for self-defense. I came across a janitor who brought me to a lit office. All swollen eyed, quiet, and shaky, I tried explaining what happened but burst into tears. I gave the worker the note. She called police/security who had me peek out to make sure it was him, just like in Vietnam. It was. They said if he saw me, he had to turn around and walk away. He claimed he was lonely and had a wife at home. Thankfully he was on a different flight.

On a positive note? The lady accompanied me to the washroom and let me sleep in the office. She made a bed, made sure somebody would wake me up in time to eat and catch the right flight. I crashed so hard I woke up with 20-30 people in the next room and I didn’t hear a thing. It was nice to not be on guard.

The Next Flight Hiccup

My next flight, I was in Vancouver where I had to go get re-checked-in with only 45 minutes between flights \*again\*. I missed that flight, too. I bawled. I was so close but not close enough. Police didn't care and were cold but eventually I wasn't just an entitled basic bitch simply missing their flight. Paramedics checked my vitals. All I could do was have a cry and shake