End of my ropeI've been suicidal for about 15 years. I'm probably what you'd consider a functional depressive. To an outsider, I lead a good life. I have many friends, I own my own company and have employees, I'm probably a solid 7 or 8/10, I was born into a very wealthy family, and my friends have all described me as the quintessential "nice guy." I basically get along with everybody. If I committed suicide, nobody would remotely see it coming. I'm not very good at many things, but one thing I am good at is hiding my feelings. I've spent a long time mastering this craft because I've always been extremely independent. 

I didn't take the easy route of taking over the family business and becoming insta-rich because I wanted to prove I could do it myself, first. I never, ever share how I really feel to anyone, no matter how hard they pry. I'll give them tidbits, but nothing real and that's just so they stop asking. I also think I may be a sociopath, because I'm damn near incapable of connecting with anyone. I can't tell you the number of times I've had a "good" conversation with someone and they wanted to be my friend after but all I could think was "well that was a decent waste of time" and I'd never hit them up again (though if I saw them randomly, I'd pretend to be excited to see them). It's exhausting living like this. I put on this guise of happiness 24/7 so I can get through the day, hoping the "fake it until you make it" mentality kicks in. I want to succeed. I want to connect with people. I just can't.

You see, I've lived a life of failure. I haven't had a single success in my entire life. I picked the wrong college, I chose the wrong degree, I went all-in on the wrong girlfriend, I chose the wrong friends, and my company has been in business 6 years and has only barely broken even. I have a lot of good small life experiences, but the big important ones that drive my future have all been catastrophic failures. I don't want to write them all down, but I have pages of regrets.

I want to kill myself so bad. You have no idea. I've felt this way for a long time. I've done the research. I have the gun. Literally the only thing keeping me going is that I can use the wealth of my family to better humanity on a very large scale. Something I know my sister won't do. I want to do that, but I just don't think I can hang in there long enough to see it through. I don't even know if I can accomplish it anyways. My small business is basically a failure, so why would I ever be able to go full Elon Musk and disrupt some industries?

I'm on my last leg. I've told myself that if the release of my company's new product doesn't go well, it's over. I convinced myself of this enough to really put my heart and soul into it. I actually think it has a chance to succeed, but part of me wants it to fail. I just want to be done with the grief, agony, and torture of living. I had a brief moment of happiness that lasted when I was in love, but that was ripped away from me (she cheated), which only made me more incapable of connecting with people. I'm over it. I just want to move on, but my existentialism is keeping me alive... Stupid fucking genetics.

I don't expect words of encouragement or inspiration from anyone here. I've just always wanted to tell someone how I really feel and anonymity makes that much easier to do with no consequences.

Thanks for reading. Hope you are having a better weekend than I am.