I honestly don't know what to do. I keep trying to be an optimist and just stay positive but I feel like I'm slowly sinking.My life has been a roller coaster of highs and lows the past 4 years. Culminating in getting the courage to ask my best friend of 9 years out and she said No but we ended up having a situationship and spending alot of time together. 

She's been having alot of troubles in her life including being sexually assaulted in high school, got a pretty bad concussion that gave her a medical discharge from college, her cat died unexpectedly at about 6 years old of kidney failure while she was on vacation and never got to say goodbye, and en her grandmother died unexpectedly between Thanksgiving and Christmas almost 4 years ago. 

We're always been very close and would stay up for hours talking about everything and anything. And I promised her I would love her and be there for her always. 

We started our situationship but she never really was behind the idea of becoming an item which was understandable because we didn't want our family's to treat us differently. But we had some awesome times, we'd argue but that was just because we both have strong argumentative personalities and I like to play devil's advocate. 

We went to Europe for the first time together for her 21st birthday because she always loved England and as a last minute thing I planned an unexpected 2 week trip to England, France, the Netherlands, and Denmark and it was exciting to say the least. She had an accident at work and that resulted in to slipped discs and she was in constant pain. But it was too late to refund the trip, then I lost my job and funds were tight but the trip was paid for so we still went.


We had a great time and and meet some awesome people and really enjoyed the trip. I met a childhood friend who lived in London since we've been very good video game friends since I was 13 because I didn't want to cross an ocean and be so close and then not visit. We all hang out for 3 days and have a great time. Fast forward to getting home and it being about my birthday she tells me we shouldn't be together anymore, but we still mess around and have fun. Fast forward a few more months and while I'm out with my family I get a frantic call from her saying we shouldnt be friends because she and my video game pal had been carrying on an inappropriate relationship.


That fucking hurt, but I would be there for her no matter what, and it's selfish to end our friendship just because I couldn't be with her, and to show I'm a piece of shit I was also trying to still get with her and I forbid her dating my friend. And she agreed for my sake. 


Then Trump got elected and she did not take it well and I tried to calm her worries but she said she couldn't be my friend anymore because I was a Trump supporter and did not support or care about her. We took a month speration but eventually I went to her house and we mended our friendship.

Then on the day after Christmas she found her dad who is divorced and lived on the other side of the country was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer. And I tried to be there for her but at this point she hated me even trying to hug her to console her and told me she just didn't like to be touched. Her dad died less then a year later, and in the time between our friendship had become toxic and she told me she couldn't even talk to me anymore. It turned out she was talking with my friend from England the whole time and he had replaced me in being the one she would talk to and trust. She told me that she never felt that way about anyone before and felt like he was her true love. I wasn't happy but I warned her that he was not as true as he says he was. She told him that and he cancelled his plans to come over. I told her to be careful but he convinced her that I was just trying to sabotage their relationship. I was jealous but I love this girl so much I just want her to be happy even if that is without me. But I was still very protective of her because she had been through alot and I didn't want her to be hurt if I could help it.

She stared questioning every fact or thing I would say and told me that I always tried to make her seem wrong and talk down to her. She started to say that I hated her when, and that hurt alot because I loved her more then anything and I still do, so I tried to be better and not argue as much and I tried to show her I loved her as much as I could. But by August I realized that we could never get back to what we were. I planned a last minute road trip to see the eclipse as a last hurrah for what was a great friendship because it didn't feel right to just end something that important in any other way. 

But we started to reconnect that trip and we actually came out stronger even though this wasn't my plan. Her father died not much after we returned and she was crushed. She went to see him but I didn't go, which I regret. But needless to say this was the culmination of 4 very tough years for her. And it had been tough on me but I thought that eventually things would improve as she came out of these tough times. 

Our friendship was still very argumentative but we never had anything we wouldn't make up for at the end of the night. She was still struggling and I just wanted to be there for her.

She stopped talking to my friend and we started talking like we haven't in years, and we slowly fixing the things I fucked up on (I left most of them out but I can be an asswhole so I'm at fault as much if not more then her.) And I was really happy I was excited for a new chapter. Not as a couple but as stronger friends and maybe we'd see where we went from there. But anything was better then the past few years.

Then it turns out my friend from England came to visit the US and she went to visit him and actually had me drop her off at the train station. I only found out that he was here after I called her after she went ghost for a few days. And shot from the hip from my gut feeling. That crushed me I felt so betrayed. My best friend and my very good friend lied to me. My trust for her was undermined and I don't think I can ever fix that. But she admitted everything for me and explained how she wasn't sure what to do, people are imperfect I thought, and I said as long as you are honest with me we can still make this work. 

I lost my cool and I called him and got into a very heated argument that boiled down to the fact that he came over and had his fling but never committed to her and had basically done what I warned her he was trying to do the summer before.

I got in alot of trouble for that and he hated me after that (I'm sure he didn't like me before based on what he was doing) and had a problem with her and I staying friends. But she stood up for me and told him that she loved me as a friend and that she wouldn't take that. I really felt good about this because it showed me she still cared.

She went back to England for her birthday and they had a good road trip. And I was happy for her.  I was conflicted but happy and I thought this was her light at the end of a few dark years. I took the time apart to come to terms with everything and I felt like I was actually coming to terms with the situation. 

She came back and was hostile to me, and said some very hurtful stuff. I kind of wanted to distance myself for my sake because even though I was happy for her but our relationship was bringing me excruciating discomfort. And I thought it would be best to find myself.  

Then not even a month after she was back they got into a fight and broke up. She tried to make up the very next day but he wouldn't take it. I had to be there for her, everything was crushed for her and she took this really hard. And who was I to not help my friend when they were in need.

I was told that when I called him earlier in the year that he really had issues with that and that was one of the main reasons they broke up, that and me "sowing doubt" into her head when I warned her I wasn't sure of his intentions and to be careful not to get used. She told me not to talk to him anymore if I still wanted to be friends with her and that it was ruined.

At this point she hated me, and I figured I should just apologise to him to try and help fix things because I didn't want to ruin something and not at least attempt to fix my actions. Well he rated to her that I talked to him and she said she couldn't be my friend anymore. And we stopped talking for a few months. 

We started talking again but it wasn't the same.

He would fuck with her and string her along and agree to fix things and then just say hurtful shit to her. At this point I wanted to kill him. But I couldn't intervene anymore. 

We talked less and less and she started to avoid me or so I felt. 

I got fired from my job.

And I felt really alone.


I don't know if I can call it a suicide attempt or me just being an asswhole but in the rain I took a dangerous corned under some bridges at 100+ the rear slipped out and i managed to fight the car back and forth for 4 swings back and forth while trying to bleed as much speed as possible because I had no seatbelt. I finally lost it the car rotated three times before it started to track straight again but by this time I was heading straight for the bridge pier. I had enough time to steer the front out of the wall but I was going to fast to keep the car on the road. I smashed the rear all to hell and the car spun 2 more times before stopping in the middle of the road, luckily there were no cars around and I only damaged my car. It was totaled but I managed to get the car home.

The more I look back on this I wish I didn't fight it or was a worse driver because I lost everything at that point. 

I didn't tell anyone I was going that fast I just said it was a the rain and bad luck. And everybody called me an idiot and called me a terrible driver and that I should have been more careful (I know minor but I love cars and I loved that car and this hurt alot).

I was upset but embarrassed to admit what I did.

The next month me and her had a big fallout on what was supposed to be a fun weekend getaway and she left and told me we weren't friends anymore. 

She eventually apologized but since then (5 months) I've only seen her less then 10 times. And we don't talk, and aren't social media friends anymore.

And I've been really isolated from everything, no work, no car, no money, and all alone I sunk really deep. 

Now I'm here at her house to help put floors into her mom and sisters room. I didn't know anyone was going to be here but I found out once I was on the way that I was actually helping two of their friends with the floor. Whatever I could use the help and they already started. But as soon as I got her the dude she replaced me with had an attitude with me even though it was the first time I ever met him. And as soon as I offered constructive criticism he stopped working. And I was basically doing the floors with the help of the other friend who is a nice guy and was really helpful. But I was doing pretty much everything. And was pretty pissed. To add insult to injury he started making innuendos and saying wierd shit to me.

I told her about this and she said that I was overthinking things and that he was just an odd guy. But I'm not an idiot and I know when I'm being talked down to. The next day he started saying that "it's wierd we keep dropping hints to troaway828" right in front of me and her multiple times. So I know she told him instead of believing me.

She's still mean as hell to me but now treats this dude like she used to me and that hurts the most.  

It hurts like hell and there's more but I've never told anyone this and don't have anyone I can tell.

I know I can't keep doing this.

But I can't stop loving her. And now I just have to leave because I understand she doesn't respect me or ever believe me and I can't trust her anymore.

There's so much more, and I hate myself because this is all my fault. If I was a better friend we would be in a different place.

I'm tired of life, and I've been some sort depressed since I was in middle School. 

I have to keep going because alot of people look up to me for being an easy-going reliable and reasonable person. And I have a pretty large close family so I can't let them down. 

I'm going to keep going, I really don't desire to live, but life's a gift and my life isn't the worst it would be selfish for me to waist my potential because I'm so much more privileged then what most people get. 

I'm trying to use all this pain to improve my life, I'm trying to turn all my self hatred inward to destroy all the negative parts of me. I figured that is the most responsible thing to do. I can kill myself without dying, and create a new me I'm really trying believe me I am.

I'm sorry for this rant, I just have no one to vent to and I had to get this out.