Writing here helped yesterday. I'm just going to jot some notes down.I wrote here yesterday so if you want to you can go back and read it. At this point I figure the best place to make note of everything is here until I maybe get help.

So today I woke up before noon and to be honest I just wanted to go back to sleep. I can safely say that there is a disposition in me to abuse drugs on some level and I just fucking hate it. I woke up and the day just feels like shit, without some kind of a drug or stimulant I just hate everything, not in much of an angry way, it's just a very weighted feeling that leaves me feeling restless the whole day. At this point I had a cup of coffee to keep awake following a night of drinking (mind you I already drank water plenty of times to rehydrate), and that was it. I don't have much coffee anymore, a cup at most. This also is just shitty, it reminds me of every day that I woke up for school feeling tired and just dreading the whole day. All those feelings have came back since I've cut back my coffee use and quit smoking. I've stopped smoking weed for the most part as well, maybe smoking at most once a week as opposed to daily or semi-daily. I think at this point I'd rather just go without so I can't blame anymore external factors on wanting to be completely dead. With coffee I wanted to be able to tune my resting habits and not be so stimulated all the time on it, with cigarettes I finally just sort of snapped and said "I'm not a smoker anymore", I got tired of not feeling healthy with them and having my priority set to the limited worldview of having a cigarette. If I knew how to not feel mentally unhealthy I'd find a way to solve that too but I really truly doubt that.

I sort of went off on a small spiel there. I had this one cup of coffee right at noon, and within just over 2 hours I just wanted to go back to sleep, I couldn't bring myself to look at stupid shit on the computer, I just don't care, I wanted to fall back asleep until I went out later and met a couple "friends". I eventually fell asleep and just had a messed up dream involving alot of panic and sleep paralysis, which I've found happening more and more often in the last couple of years. Last night when I slept it was just another excruciating dream, I don't even sleep well anymore. I'm not sure if I like the consistency of having a dream that feels awful more or having a "good" dream and waking up to life again.

I went out and played some sports with people I know, but it doesn't change much, I don't even feel happy, just distracted. By the time I had driven home and stepped inside it was all back once again. I hate this so much, I try to eat but feel physically ill.

I'm so tired of running around, I just want to drop dead. I loathe myself, living, my family, I don't want to work, I don't want to travel the world and discover myself, fuck that noise, everything has lost it's novelty and I doubt I'll ever be a kid again, it's like everything just reversed. I don't care to be a pill eater, I don't trust it and I would rather not go through that ever again.

I do not feel like other people, it's tacky but I just do not care. I hate myself and everything I am, human interaction is just a tug-of-war to see who can manipulate the other more. I hate it. That's all I can think.