My thoughts are getting physically painfulI'm 17 and I'm feeling totally helpless.

I lost my sister a long time ago, then my father fell into depression and alcohol. I don't see him anymore, he never calls, never messages, nothing.
I've been seeing therapists for over 7 years now. It all started out with simple anxiety, until my father got really sick, and now it's been 5 years I'm in a unending depressed state.

I have been bullied, hated on, hit every day I would go to school and I kept my mouth shut for a long time but I ended up breaking down and getting pulled out of school. That was 3 years ago. Now I'm scared of people in general, and before this summer, thanks to the lexapro I finally managed to take, I couldn't talk to anyone without having tears up to my eyes. I was scared of everyone and I was locking myself up in my bedroom hoping not to wake up the very next day.

But I tried to end it many times during that period, I never managed to end it.

Two years ago now, the girl that had "saved" my life before finally asked me out. Too bad it was a distance relationship and that she mentally abused of me. When she broke up with me, she blamed me for leaving so much to the point that Ive never felt true love for the next year that came.

I met another girl on the internet in october last year. We got closer, to the point where we would sleep together on skype and watching each others sleeping. To the point where we would say that we loved each other, kept on talking about visiting her and everything that made me think we were actually together.

Until two weeks ago, when she told me she had fucked someone in real life. She was troubled and sad, I decided to let it go, even though I felt cheated on.

And she did it again, last week, she fucked another person. I was heart broken and when I told her how I felt, she told me there was a reason why we weren't together.

I wanted not to talk to her for a while, but I broke down, and went back to her. We talked and I learned that she never fell for me when I did. I realized that I had finally actually fell in love with someone after all this time, but all those efforts ended up being worthless.

We're friends like before now. But something is off. It'll never be the same again. I want to puke, do something stupid, but I'm not ready. I'm feeling so weak, I don't know how long I can stay on my legs.