Why does no one replies to my posts?People with mental illness live on average less 10 years than neurotypicals (you can search it, it's true), it can be considered at the very least an extra obstacle that's always going to be present in my life, no matter what.. I have to put that extra effort to be on the same level as neurotypicals.

This year, after much effort I still failed to get in any college because I got worse grades than the others. Is it fair that I'm supposed to overcome the disadvantage that I have from the start when in comparison to the majority of my "competition"? Because, like it or not, it is a competition, I got left out because I didn't do better than the others (objectively, because subjectively in what effort concerns, I feel like I did more than enough and even more than that).

Sorry if this sounds arrogant, but after all the shit I've been through, life is just black comedy to me. I admit that sometimes can't help but to be pretentious, it's one of the many flaws I have.. but I wasn't always like this, it was a trait that grew on me (or defensive mechanism), after the many rejections, struggling, bullying, false accusations, smear campaigns, vindictive teachers, people with mischievous intentions, being taken advantage of, therapists that abandon me due to pregnancy and that gave up (without referring me to no-one, unethically), a classmate that committed suicide... so much shit.. 
It is of course implied that I'm the main guilty in all this (as an element of my "family" made it clear..)

Not even once did I get what I want. Never. All the hopes I deposited in all my possible catalysts of progress, got all shattered, and some due to unexplainable extremely unlucky circumstances.

In times like these where I'm contemplating to put an end to my own life, how relevant is the subjective fact that I'm doing nothing wrong? How important is that I never "bother" anyone?

I've always tried to balance the "me or them" priority. Between putting the others first or myself first, I've always had a difficult time knowing when I was doing the best decision.

The only thing that I can say for sure is that the "rock bottom" I'm in, is cold, lonely and dark. And as a fact, I know that I will eventually kill myself in one way or another, be it slowly or voluntarily. The expectations, the mocking of the Universe is too much.. I've had enough of all this. I'm tired of doing everything alone.

So.. I'll just say it, I know that people don't care about my shit but just like I've tried to support some in the past, I would also be expecting a little bit of effort to help, and if people keep not doing anything like they have been doing these whole past years, I'm out.

I don't like living like this. I don't like being the clown protagonist in an empty silent circus. This is too much.

The ball is on your side, Universe. Either kick it or let it explode. This is my end position. If I don't make it, the jokes are on you, coward unknown entity.. and for a change, this one time, I'm sure I'll get what I want.