I've said this many times on this sub but I will say it again, I will do itLiving with an abusive and an irrationally angered father is not gonna make my life better. There is not a single day that he calls me and my brother idiots for the smallest reasons such as forgetting to take out the trash even if it's half full. He told me to leave the house once (Whick I did, but only for 3 days) when he saw my grades and he wasn't very happy with having a B- in it. He doesn't want me to even get a part time job even if I can squeeze it into my weekly schedule, he doesn't let me out of the house at all, he doesn't give me the freedoms other college kids have nowadays. I never did drugs, I never sipped on any type of alcohol, I never smoked, so I always ask myself why and what is his reasoning behind all this? I don't care if it's okay for him to put this many rules in the house. Because he doesn't care for my well being, then neither will I. I'm gonna find a way to end this quickly and as painlessly as possible. He kept us locked in a cell to be "DISCIPLINED" for no reason but when he asks me why am I not taking my brother out to the mall or somewhere else, my brain shrinks in eternal cringe triggering anger. Not inky he's abusive, he's a hypocrite. He yells at us for small errors, small mistakes, but now that I think about it, I may actually deserve it. After all, I need a reason to "euthanize" myself so I'll be done with all of this because playing Skyrim with over 10gb worth of mods installed is not gonna cut it. I just wanna end it all. I can't leave the house and I have no car, no job, no money, nothing. I am nothing. I'm done living with a psychotic parent and I will not live my life to see myself become one, so I need to be put out of my misery not only to stop this monster within me from growing, but to send the asshole a message that will be forever etched on his dumbass brain. I just don't have the courage to do so but waiting for an accident to happen is gonna take me a while. 