i dont want to but i see no other choice to stop hurtinghi. I'm a she. 

my whole life i've had a hard time maintaining friends. have always felt ugly, unpopular. and it's crazy cuz i know im attractive. but still. anyway. im not gonna get into my whole life (long story short, i grew up between Dominican Republic and here). I've been living in New York for about 3 years now, and have been building with activists and other organizers particularly in the Dominican community. I think in my quest to search for commuity, i've also been hurt. by call out culture that has been uncompassionate. by people making assumptions about me, gaslighting. by other "amigas" who i've met along the way. 

this feels so sporadic. but basically bottom line is i feel very very alone. and like im tired of living in my head with my thoughts, like i want to escape my head. i feel there's no one i can trust, and whoever i do have to trust (one person really) just feels like this is too much of a burden to give them. i see a therapist every other week (might need to start seeing them once a week). a couple of years ago i was suicidal. TW SELF HARM i used to cut, and ended up in the hospital for a night. im feeling the same way now. like maybe i should check myself in. i dont want to die. but i do. this summer i met a friend, and we bonded. and we've been going out a lot. this morning she sent me a text asking if my intention is to rob people of their work or art to stay relevant? she said this cuz i posted a video where i reflected on climate change after having had a conversation with her, and cuz im a writer and a poet who recently quit my job to do this full time. her text made me feel like shit, i immediately took the post down and apologized but then realized that actually everything that i had said was what i had texted her initially when we started the conversation, and that i even tweeted some of that stuff yesterday. so he unintentionally gaslit me by saying i had copied her then assuming i did for a benefit (which wtf, no). That triggered feelings of worthlessness and this constant feeling i have in me that i'm a bad person. i know im not. but i feel it. and if people leave me  then there must be something wrong. 

anyway. i just feel really bad. and have been thinking of this the entire weekend. like have been picturing what will everyone say. if they'll regret how they treated me. and in the past i've always felt i wanted to lead a long life, i wanna see where it turns out. but im 26. which i know is still young but it feels like these circles are all connected and i'm still searching for a home. 

im trying to make sense of how i feel but i can't. TW SELF HARM i just know i cut myself again. and it feels like all this progress ive made over the years has led me back to square one and my birthday is in one month, when i noticed that i started sobbing cuz i dont know if i can make it. 