Alcoholic at 19Went through withdrawal April 2019 after drinking away my untreated manic depression. Was drinking like 8-12 shots a night alone with another friend who’s in AA now and got kicked out of school for a semester for breaking into some poor fucker’s room while he was plastered. I had DTs and one seizure I remember, never went to the hospital. Now everytime I drink my heartrate goes insane when the booze wears off. Haven’t been able to stop drinking since, longest I’ve gone is 3 weeks. I’ve totally fucked up my brain - the depression has leveled off, but I’m pretty numb to most things. My grandfather passed away in February &amp; I still can’t process it because everyday is a daze. I’ve sat home just getting plastered everyday since I had to come home from school. My parents don’t seem to notice, only when I sleep a lot. I tried to tell them before but my Dad’s got an alcohol problem himself so whenever the topic comes up he gets upset. When I’m not hungover I still feel hungover and the cravings are too much to handle. For whatever reason this has worsened my eyesight. My memory is awful, reading and speaking are even difficult some days. I used to be so sharp &amp; energetic. Realistically, I haven’t felt like myself in 2 years. Everyday I just hope to figure it all out and be healthy, but it feels impossible to change. 

I have a great family, great friends home &amp; at school (in a frat) but no general direction career wise - looking at an international relations degree. Alcohol has destroyed my grades, it’s a miracle I’ve managed to hang on to above a 2.5 for 2 years.

I’m religious, I’m a practicing Catholic &amp; I have a great community at school and I believe in what God has in store for this life but holy shit - I just want to die. I’m too afraid to hurt myself because it seems painful &amp; I don’t want to go to hell. I just wish there was a painless “opt out” button. Also, my grandma would be devastated. I can’t do that to her, especially after my grandfather said to take care of her on his deathbed.

I tend to mask the dread I walk around with everyday with a witty sarcastic sense of humor that people like about my personality. I think it’s just a subconscious way to voice my discontentment at life.

This is embarrasing &amp; pathetic, I’ve ruined my young adult life before it even fucking started.