being a healthy, functional person feels so impossible.(i put the nsfw tag on as a CW for sexual assault)
it’s the day after christmas and i’m in bed with my new fuzzy throw blanket, with my new candle lit and smelling up the room, listening to music on my new speaker and i should be grateful. i mean i am, for those things, but they should be making me happy. i shouldn’t have had to force myself to look excited yesterday when i opened them, but i did. i’ll have to look at these things every day and be reminded of the christmas i got drugged and raped 3 days prior to it. 

it’s not even anywhere close to the first time for this to happen to me, and i can’t even say it’s not my fault. i’m an alcoholic, i make bad decisions, i risk things. i don’t feel good enough or accepted by anyone other than older men who want to get into my pants, and then i’m surprised and hurt when they decided to force that. i’m literally fucking stupid.

i have so much resentment towards my family for how i turned out as a person. if they had actually raised me, i would have a chance at a real life. i’m not killing myself, they’ve already done that for me in every instance of neglect. i was a child being touched by the men my family let into our homes and no one listened to me. i was scared of everything, and instead of walking me thru the fear, they ignored it and let it manifest into panic disorder and agoraphobia. i didn’t want to go to school so they didn’t make me and now i don’t have an education. i was depressed and didn’t leave my bed for years and now i’m overweight, in physical pain, and consequently can’t hold a job that requires me to stand for 8 hours (aka the only job i can get as someone with an 8th grade education). and now i’m stuck here, in the same house with the same people, my mom will pay for my whole life out of guilt but she’s going to die one day and i’ll be fucked. 

all i’m good at is drinking and getting raped and being a nuisance. i have no idea how to be an adult, and neither do the other adults in my family. why did i have to be forced onto this sinking ship? i could’ve been anything but this. i’m too old to be here.