I don't know what happenedI don't know what to say right now. My life just changed completely and I can't handle it. I've been receiving treatment for depression since I was a teenager. Now I'm 31 and I've accomplished nothing. I started working when I was 14. Had to quit when I was 19 for my mental health. Started college but quit halfway through my degree. I was approved for social security disability shortly after that. I don't leave my house unless it's to see my doctor. I don't have any friends or acquaintances. None. Three years ago I realized how much my loneliness was affecting my life. I posted on Reddit and ended up meeting a guy. My life changed after meeting him. We wanted the same things. The same future. We got along really well. Ended up meeting in person a few months after talking. Fell in love. He broke up with me a week ago. We're still in contact daily. We still love each other. He still wants me to work on improving my life and to see me doing well. But he said he needs time to do some important things, he needs to buy a car, he wants to look into buying a home because he recently had a nightmare of a situation with his landlord. He really is doing those things, but I doubt that's the real reason for why this is ending. I dated when I was a teenager and in my early 20's. He was different from anyone I've been with before. He made me feel so loved. I was improving my life without even realizing it because he made me feel so great. Before I met him I was showering once a month. I wasn't in a good place. The light that he brought into my life was just... indescribable. I was taking care of myself, showering daily, doing chores around both of our places, going shopping, going out to eat, running errands, everything that normal people do. He made me want to be a better person. My life was improving so much. My doctor noticed, my mom noticed. He knew all about my mental health problems and the support he gave me was always perfect. I just can't handle my emotions right now and I'm scared of where my thoughts are heading. I've been miserable for over half of my life. I had three years of pure happiness, and it was suddenly taken away without warning. I had no warning this was coming. He was the only person in my life. My whole support system. It's not that I want to die because he broke up with me. It's so much more than that, so many things I can't put into words. I don't like where I'm heading and I need help because I can feel myself losing my will to live every day. I had everything taken away from me. At least before I met him, I had no idea what real happiness was. I had no idea what I was missing. Now it's gone and I don't have the energy or will to try again. I don't feel like I'm capable of handling this. I feel stupid for having these thoughts, I feel like I should be able to handle a mutual breakup because I'm an adult. But this was so much more than a breakup. He gave me so much strength to fight my depression and work on myself. And now I'm left dealing with both depression and heartbreak and I know it's my own fault for putting so much trust in another person. I need help. I'm so close to giving up