I no longer feel like eating, and truly hope it will lead me to my end.My story is so weird, and so long - I won’t even attempt to write it down in any way. 

I don’t have the mental surplus to be humble or appropriate right now. What I state I know to have been said by others as well, so.. it’s not just me whinging over myself. 

I am a young woman, who have (sadly) always been above average intelligence, and if that wasn’t bad enough, I have worked as a model.

Girls usually either don’t want to be friends with me, or if they do they are super toxic (first they’re super nice ofc.. right until they switch) - and the older I get the more complicated it becomes to be friends with guys.. Jealous gfs, friend-zone pressure etc.

Because of my looks I attract a lot of male attention, unless I literally hide myself and stay super unkempt which.. I mean, I don’t want to. :/ 
This, resulted in me landing myself in a relationship with a guy, back when I was 25, who was very possessive and had mad ragefits. He terrified the living daylight out of me, and his obsession and stalking, when I finally managed to get away from him after two years of terror, left me riddled with anxiety. 

Since then, I’ve been single for nearly 7 years. And every time I’ve dared to meet someone, I realize they’re the same type (I’m not just seeing false alarms..).

I am described by others as a loving, clever, fun and loyal person. I don’t put up with being treated badly, but don’t fuzz easily if people are just kind and peaceful too.

I wish I could force myself to find the guys I have that are friends attractive - but I can’t force myself to love them like that :( 
I wish I could. 

Depression has hit me hard this time. I met a guy, again, who really sparked an interest - same dreams and mindset about so many things. But he was very unavailable and arrogant and honestly, a huge disappointment again to see that there really is no hope in finding love and starting a life with someone decent for me.

I have hardly been eating for 1,5 weeks. I don’t feel like it. Taking in nutrients disgust me. I threw up everything after Christmas, which I only ate out of politeness. I am beginning to feel the physical symptoms of starvation. And still, I just hope it ends me. I truly hope, I will find peace in death, when in life it seems impossible to find it with someone capable of true love.

Maybe I’m putting this in here because I know it is wrong, how I am starving myself towards death now.. I don’t know. Perhaps it is my conscience taking action.

Still, after all this, death seems to me the only liberator.