I'm awaiting the results of a medical examination, and I'm counting on the very worst. I want to be terminal.I just want to get this out somewhere, because typing it into a text file on my computer doesn't give me any release, and I don't want to tell anybody I know about this because I don't know if anybody I know can handle it.

I'm waiting for some medical results to come in, and though I've never admitted it to myself until the last few days, I realize just how much I want it to be a fatal complication. My life has been a pathetic mess for as long as I remember. I don't remember what happiness or contentment feels like. I'm socially anxious, with a handful of weeks worth of dating experience, no sexual experience, and I'm in love with a girl who is in love with an ungrateful idiot. She knows that I love her, but she doesn't hold back in letting me know how much she wants this other guy who doesn't want her in return. I've been trying to find fault in her ever since so I can get over her, but it's been hard.

Nearly every close relationship I've had has resulted in the person leaving me, always after I've let my guard down and expected no harm, and the result is a version of myself that protects himself by always having an anxious outlook on things. I expect the worst. If the worst doesn't happen, I don't relax because the worst will happen as soon as I do (subconsciously, I feel this way, but consciously, I notice how stupid that is. I can't make myself feel differently on this though).

I spend most of my nights alone, writing. I write a lot. It's what I wish I could do but I know it's not a steady foundation for a career. And I don't know what I want to do, making me feel even more worthless.

On the subject of suicide, I don't think I would be able to bring myself to, because I don't have the means and I fear the pain. But I want so desperately for something to take me out so that I don't have to. I want the prognosis of my tests to be terrible. It's one of the only things that actually keeps me from being as depressed as I am, I think. When the tests more than likely come back as healthy, I think it's going to be the hardest on me.

Anyway, thanks for reading all of this. I don't know what I hoped to achieve in this, except some sort of release. Thanks for clicking and reading.