i think i really would be better off deadmy only friend is my girlfriend. i love my girlfriend so so much. and i feel the love back. but i feel like sometimes i burden her. she was telling me how all of my other friends were toxic, and eventually they all ended up leaving me. so many people have left me because they think me being sad is annoying. and i really do try not to be sad when with people. i try to hide it but sometimes it slips though and they would tell me to go home. and i feel awful because when i want to vent about it she says it makes her upset and then we derail talk about her problems. and i know she isn’t purposely trying to make it about herself but then i have no one to talk about mine to. i know i must be like severely mentally ill, i’ve been diagnosed with severe depression and add but something else must be up because whenever my girlfriend is upset with me that’s all i can think about, even if i feel like it’s a stupid reason i have to keep reassuring myself it’s okay. because most times when she’s mad she will keep leaving me on read and then text me the next day like nothing happened. i feel like she just gets annoyed with me sometimes. and i’ve been conflicted for awhile if i should end it all because i don’t want her to be alone. but i think she’d feel better if i was gone. because i love her so much and i want her to be happy. and as for my family, they are almost always mad at me because of what i want my career to be, etc. i think if i killed my self everyone would be at peace. suicide is always in the back of my mind. i don’t think that’s normal. i want help. but my family thinks i’m lying. my girlfriend encourages me to get help but i don’t want to trouble her. i’ve been crying for hours. i’m thinking of mixing pills and alcohol once my mom leaves for work. i don’t know yet though, i want to see my girlfriend again but this quarantine shit is going on. of course i would never tell her i’m feeling suicidal because i don’t want her to be mad. she knows ive been suicidal before but she thinks she helped fix it and i don’t want to disappoint her. but i’m just so depressed. i don’t know what to do