I want the pain to stop and I have nobody to talk to.Reddit, I'm on the verge and seriouslty considering walking off of an overpass today.

Last night, my fiance broke up with me over a minor disagreement, then verbally abused me until I left the apartment. This included calling his mother and a few friends in front of me and telling them that he broke up with me because I'm a psychopath. I had to come back eventually because I had nowhere to go, and when I did he was drunk and the verbal abuse got worse. Apparently he doesn't love me, hasn't for awhile, hates me and hates living with me, and I make him miserable by being controlling. 

He again called his mother and stood over me discussing with her how he could press harassment charges against me because I was supposedly out of control, and he said if I didn't stop crying he would have me arrested. He yelled at me for hours and hours and said awful things to me, then began spitting and blowing snot out of his nose on me (wtf?). I wanted to leave but couldn't find my phone, he cornered me and said "you don't have your phone and can't call for help, I can do whatever I want right now."

This has been going on for awhile, he has spent the last few months making degrading comments about my appearance and getting mad if I get upset. He calls me names like bitch and cunt whenever he is angry, and if I disagree with what he says I am "stubborn". He has been controlling to the point where he has to dictate what kind of toothbrush I use (inspite of what he says, I have never tried to control him and I'm actually very supportive). The physical stuff is sort of new, he started with breaking things like a table and a laundry basket and at some point started "restraining" me physically whenever I got upset about anything...he will tackle me to the ground and hold me down to subdue me and justifies it by calling me crazy and out of control. On christmas he got drunk, picked a fight with me, and as I was getting ready to sleep in the other room he jumped up to put his arm around my neck and choked me until his brother came into the room. That same night he grabbed my arm and twisted it until my wrist popped, it hurt for weeks.

Somehow I am still devastated by this breakup. My heart is broken and I hate myself for allowing this to happen. I love him, and even though I don't want this relationship anymore, the breakup is killing me. Why do I feel this? How can I get through this alone? My friends and family are all far away and I'm completely alone. I honestly want to die, I don't think I can stand this pain everyday. Help me.