I'm Transgender and this isn't going anywhere.Sorry this is long I just need to get it out.
This is my first post, possibly the last. 
I'm 14, when I was younger I always tried to copy other peoples footsteps. I would do the things that the girls from my school and the girls on the internet would do. I didn't think that it was abnormal to act like someone else. This started to have an affect on me, since I started having stomach pains. I skipped school a lot because of it but also because I was beginning to hate everyone. My mother one day said enough and took me to a scanning thingy. The doctor said there was nothing wrong with me physically and suggested it could be psychologically. So there was a long period I also expirienced a delusion that my family made fun of me for. When I overcame it I decided to become myself a little more. This was a slow process to find out who I am but in the meanwhile I started to sense that something wasn't quite right. I thought that because I was like this and liked being like this I thought I was gay or something. But then I found out that it wasn't that. I had this in my head for about 6-12 months in my head where I knew what was wrong with me. I desperately needed help and it was definitly showing there is this thing at my school where they gather pre teens and devide them by gender. Now I had to listen to this stupid girl stuff and trying super hard not to cry. I was so uncompfortable I tried to escape through the window. When it was done my teacher tried to talk to me. I said nothing was wrong, She could tell I was lying and I couldn't hold my tears back anymore. I kept denying and the teacher told all the other teachers about this. My contactteacher pulled me aside one day. This was my favourite teacher and I knew he was trustworthy. He said that I could just talk to him, I tried but I couldn't hold back my tears and I couldn't say a word. So he said if I couldn't say what was wrong I could write it on a peice of paper and so I did, but I couldn't be there when he read it. So I gave it to him and ran. I proceeded to be both relieved and panicked. He called me in for some other talks and I realized that I had completely destroyed my ability to speak from my heart. I decided to tell my mother about this It was a whole lot of crying and silence from my part as  She tried to guess what was wrong, but I told her, she said it was alright that I felt this way. My contactteacher told me that I could talk to a woman named Monika so I went to her and couldn't say a word and couldn't stop crying. I got to talk to her eventually. But I couldn't really pay attention. And my parents tried to talk to me (I told my mother to tell my father) they find of tried to blame it on the divorce and some other stuff, understandable that they couldn't really accept it at the start. They decided to send me to the doctor. The doctor tried to get me into this psych place for minors, I didn't get in. My parents bought a private therapist for me (kind of an upgraded Monika). I tried to talk to her, couldn't stop crying of course. I opened up to her as well. And in the end she said that she came to some conclusions and called us in. I was super scared that she would say that these feelings I had were fake or something so I'd have to be a woman. I told myself if she said that I'd kill myself. She said in there that she thought I had some sort of autism and these feelings were perhaps coused by it. I am completely 100% sure I'm male by the way. The doctor got this information from the therapist and got me into that psych place. In there I talked to diffrent people. This lady I was talking to seemed to believe me when I told her I really wanted to change my gender (this made me decide not to kill myself). She also asked me if I had suicidal thoughs, and explained she wrote down the things I said to make a file. I told her I did, but that there's no way she could tell my parents because I heard my mother cry saying she didn't wanna loose me. (My parents saw that file later). I talked for a bit teared up a couple of times because it's just that hard to talk about. They concluded that it wasn't autism it was more likely to be ADD. They had me do an IQ test. That was entirely normal so it couldn't be autism. They gave me a concentration test (don't know id I spelt that right). I failed at that. They called me in for a physical test, nothing wrong with me physically. (I realized I forgot to write that I cut myself and my Mother found out. She told my father, he freaked out. So I stopped cutting my wrists and started on my legs.). So uhm- the diagnose, they called us in because they could diagnose me. They diagnosed me with ADD and the Transgender thing. They gave me meds agianst the ADD. They sent me off to a new program. Back to the doc ask to send us to the new program, yada yada. And the doctor said that this procedure could take two more years and that it was hard to find anything that wasn't for adults, that was today. 

I feel like I'm being interrogated and sent off to a new place all the time, and this isn't going anywhere. Two more years, TWO YEARS before they'll actually consider helping me. I haven't even told my friends about my true feelings, we're been through think and thin and I still lie to them. My friends can definitly see something is wrong.
I feel like I wanna kill myself but I can't because of my family and friends. My parents worked their asses off to feed me every day, to take care of me. They gave up their freedom for me and my brother. And my friends we've watched eachother get older, we've helped eachother grow older, we've been there for eachother.

Not to mention I aften fantacise about hurting myself, and other people. A few days ago I dipped my hand in boiling water and I've been starving myself while isolating. 
There was this one time this guy from my school who often makes fun of me was in the chemistry lab, and I wanted to blind him. I also like to watch violent TV shows.
Of course I'm not gonna hurt anyone. I couldn't even if I wanted to.

 This is where I'm gonna end this post, it's very long, but if you read this far, thank you for reading my story. Also good luck isolating. Have a Nice day.