Don't deserve or want sympathy, just tell me what to doWhite male, parents were always poor as fuck so I had to work for every possession I have. It's my senior year in highschool but I've been going to my local community college duel enrolled since 2013 (payed for the classes myself)
I suffered from anxiety from bullying in my family and church when I was 13/14 but I got rid of it until summer of 2013 when I went to Taiwan on a mission trip and went through real tough shit from some of the leaders challenging me and my integrity. Upon returning, I had several of the symptoms for PTSD and was tormented from memories until I finally learned how to let it go last summer and moved on.
Problem is, I still get anxiety attacks a lot and they lead me to contemplate thoughts of suicide and attempt to harm myself. Anything to make it stop. I have trouble breathing, sometimes shake, and am completely unmotivated. Worst of all though my chest just THROBS until I'm laying on the floor in tears like 20 minutes ago.
It happens for the dumbest reasons. I'm a pretty tough, logical ENTJ who isn't big on acting out of emotion. But then things like fights with my parents who want to kick me out cause I don't do enough for them at home (cause I'm always busting my ass at school) and it really hurts me. Or misunderstandings with people. THINGS that I should be able to get over but instead cause me hours of suicidal anxiety. I didn't even admit to being suicidal until I took a 336 question test for a friend in psych school for him to "evaluate" me. The results of the test said that my suicidal ideation levels were, "remarkable."
It's not depression, it's anxiety. I'm not always like this, only in my bouts. My doctor gave me some stuff but it didn't work. 3 months later he prescribed me for something else but I couldn't get it cause our healthcare savings card was empty. Now it just makes me really upset that this could have been prevented if I had just had the money to get the medicine.
I could talk forever but we are probably all just broken people trying to help other broken people.