The state that I am inI go to work. I go to school. I sit in my room. I don't want to be in these places. I don't sleep well. I often dream of wandering through the ruble of post-apocalyptic wastelands or getting into fistfights. I don't have much of an appetite or libido. I don't remember the last time I've felt excited about anything. I am unable to derive pleasure from things, simple or deep. I cannot elicit any sense of satisfaction from my accomplishments. I find it difficult to motivate myself with a broken reward system. I cannot maintain any interest in hobbies. I don't remember any hobbies I used to have. I've never had any money for them anyway.

I go to therapy. I have been told I have post-traumatic stress syndrome and major depressive disorder. For how long is indeterminate, because I have no recollection of ever feeling differently. I have taken several different medications; often resulting in stronger sensations of numbness. My thoughts are dark when I'm alone, so I try to socialize to counteract them. I feel indifferent towards people though. It's hard to find friends. I don't blame people; if I'm anything like how I am in the inside on the outside, then the boredom must be too overwhelming. I was abused and neglected by my parents and I don't know any of my extended family. My brothers and sister are the only family that I consider. I only talk to them briefly a few times a year however, since I'm the only one who takes responsibility for maintaining contact. I can let several days pass without speaking a single word to anybody. I don't deliberately distance myself from other people, but the level of isolation I exist in would be incomprehensible for most regardless.

I don't feel happy. I don't feel angry. I don't even think I feel sad. I don't feel much of anything. I think my life is inconsequential and purposeless. I feel lost. I want to believe that I will wake up and I will find a sense of direction or belonging, but I never do.

What value do I have to other people? For what reason should I extend an empty existence?