It'll get better, but I won't.Everyone is doing better without me.  My mom left, took my sister and brother and now everyone gets along and is happy.  My dad is gone for weeks at a time and has to stock up on food for HERE and for where he is because I can't work, can't drive, can't do anything (I'm disabled) and he'd be better off, he'd have so much more without me around.  My sister and brother don't need me.  I thought they did, but I can see now they don't- they don't even talk to me anymore.  It's been a whole week of ignored messages.  I message my brother and he replies with "Bye".  I'm causing problems between the family because I was abused by someone, which I confessed, and it caused rifts in the family and my mom blames me for not being able to see that part of the family, and she goes on about how much she's sacrificed for me because of it.  She let the abuse happen and I tried going no-contact with her and she guilts me into talking to her, and my brother thinks I'm overreacting and making problems that aren't there, and I can't tell my dad because he dismisses everything I say about my mom.

I can't see a therapist, too much money.  I'm down to two friends, both with their own problems and they can't take on mine, too.  I have no one to talk to and I'm not okay.  I'm not.  And I'm ruining the family, and they're better off without me.  And even the things I believe, my opinions and beliefs upset people so much and they're really important to me but people scoff, and they just cause problems and I can't *change* them or else I would.  I believe what I do because of facts and what I've seen in life and it's political, but so important to me and it just upsets people.

I just upset people.  I'm not providing anything, I'm not giving anything, I'm not doing anything but taking and causing problems and everyone would be better off without me.  I just want to die, I've wanted to die for so long and it would be so much better if I did.  I'm not even reaching out, I'm not asking for advice because there's nothing I haven't heard and nothing I can't think of for myself.  I'm just making evidence that this wasn't out of nowhere if I go and someone checks my phone history.  I'm not okay and I never was, and I have nothing to keep me getting better anymore.  I don't want to get better, I just want to die.