Posted in /r/Depression, but feel I should post here as well.Well where to begin... I’m 20 years old, never had a girlfriend, and currently don’t have a job. I hate my body, I am very small, weak, have slightly abnormal ribs, and so I never take my shirt off. My brother offed himself a few years ago, and ever since then life has...changed. I was depressed before then, but after that it really started to kick in. I am very socially awkward and have almost no friends. The friends I do have, I barley even consider them friends. Every night for a while now the only thought that crosses my mind is committing an act id most likely regret, and even know how I’d do it. I’ve tried bettering myself, I am just so tired... I’ve tried working out and recently got back into it, although I’m insanely weak, and as sad as it is could barely do one pushup a couple years ago. I used to play a lot of video games, but hatted myself for wasting so much time on them, and barley play them now. I spend most of my time reading text books now, as its one of the only things that I actually don’t mind doing. I recently tried to increase my luck with the girls, and made an account on a thing similar to Tinder, however I feel that only made me more depressed. Almost all of my messages got no reply, but one girl seemed really nice, we were talking for several hours across multiple days and nights, and I actually felt kind of happy. But recently that seems to have gone downhill with almost everything else, and I haven’t logged on because I feel like giving up. At first I thought she liked me, and she was replying with lengthy messages, but recently they’ve been quite short and she seems disinterested now; I’m giving up on that... I use to smoke a lot of herb but recently gave it up to try bettering myself. I’m not like most people my age, I listen to classical music, I read text books, listen to npr, and keep up with current events. Not sure why, but felt like sharing… Thanks for reading if anybody did.

TLDR: Been depressed for years, hate my body, no luck with women, socially weird, think about committing an act I'd probably regret every night, and I want to get better, but every time I try it seems like a losing battle.
