A final, humble, plea.TLDR at bottom, but it really lobotomies the story of my situation.

Most of my life I've been completely miserable. I don't really know why, I just always feel alone, even with my best of friends at times. In high school I thought I was a complete loser...even as I walked off the field being crowned homecoming king. I always felt like an idiot even though I walked in late to my act without a calculator or a god damn clue and wound up with a 31 and used that to segue my way into a full ride scholarship, not to bad for an idiot I thought. I got to school and got heavy into drugs. They made me happy. They were not to be my ultimate problem though. That would be my parents.

They are divorced, have been since I was 4 weeks old. Dads rich, moms poor, lived with mom, visited dad, that old story.

I am at msu in my second semester, spring 2010. A bad LSD trip has convinced me to profess my hidden/repressed feelings for my best friend. She makes me feel like no body else can or will. Let me rephrase this again, more clearly; the only times in my adult life that I have been happy, were because this person, and this person alone, was simply there, talking to me, and genuinely caring that I existed.  She feels the same towards me, and I get to spend the greatest time of my life with her. Things are great. I'm getting off drugs, im happy, truly happy, and at peace with myself and others for the first time in my life. Fast forward one month. I get sick.I have to go home on medical leave, we end up taking a break, mutually, I'm so sick I can't leave the bed. The doctors say its mono. I cry in front of my mom over my loss of my new found happiness and love and she sends me to a psych ward. I get out 3 days later. I see a psych, get put on every medication you can name, get my sanity and mind pushed through zaps, loops, to the very edge. I get back to school in the fall. Things between me and the only girl I will ever love (20 since none come close) questions my sanity and is seeing someone. I drink heavily and fail. Get pulled out of school by dad. At this point he was running my finances, paying my bills. I thought he had control of my tuition grant. Nope, he just forged my name and lied, forcing me to come home, and go to community college for the past year and work for him full time, because he knows I don't have the will to do anything about it anymore.

My mom tried to kill herself last year. Luckily I was home, and with my encyclopedic pharmacology knowledge I knew I could stabilize her long enough until the emt got there, she ended up totally fine. She hated me for it. He wanted her friend to save her. Her friend never showed up, or if she did, it would have been much too late. A month after that I had to sleep outside. My mother, the one I saved, was going to press assault charges, for yelling at 1am when I woke up to her screaming at my poor crying sister balled up on the kitchen floor "you are not sending my sister to the nut house and fucking her life up like you did mine because you are tired of being a mom". She called her bf crying saying I was going to hit her then 911 and said out now. Had fun explaining to dad why I was leaping on the lawn o dad when he picked me up for work.

Oh yea, and those psych ward and psych visits? My mom hid the bills from me. My credit is shit and I'm still in debt. I honestly should have watched the bitched choke on her vomit. I'd be happier too, yea I'm fucked in the head, but you would be too if your mom left you with a babysitter that just locked you in the hallway closet screaming for fucking hours.

So here I am. I got my own apt and car now. Most if not all my friends have abandoned me, or ignor me, the girl of my dreams is now my long distance ex girlfriend I will never get over, and I haven't felt a happy or non-alone moment since I left college freshman year. I wake up every day wondering what I did to deserve this. I look at me, and my mom. I try to do the right thing every day, my mom throws m under a bus for a hundred bucks. She owes me her life and she fucking hates me. She's evil and does nothing but wrong, used that suicide attempt to guilt trip her new husband to the altar and is on her honeymoon in the virgin islands now. Me? The one responsible for letting her have all that? What good karma reward do I get? To wake up every day crying. Take orders from my fucked up family, at their ass backwards company, doing a job that anyone lse would get paid 6x the amount, but I get minimum wage to make web pages, owners manuals build machines, order parts, find new, cheaper parts, fix the network, all shit these old, technologically impaired ppl cannot do without huge outsourcing costs.

Here's the icing on the shit cake of my life. The girl I keep talking about visited over spring break. It was great to see her again and talk. It was kinda awkward, but in a good sense, if that even makes sense. Anyway, I get to saying how after ll this fucking shit I'll finally be able to get back on track and to school in the fall. Well fuck my face, she is moving back here in the fall to do her internship at our old high school. Fan. Fucking. Tas tick.


Now, I'm a logical man, I know there is probably no one who gives a fuck to read all that, and I dont blame you, you got your own problems and that shit is depressing, so let me try to tldr this, because I need help so bad reddit, and I've gone to th best, and the rest, it's up to you and me. This ldr is a gross oversimplification but,

TLDR: I was forced fom the love of my life by my parents, and I will never find anyone close to her, or get over her. I may significantly alter my long term life goals if I can still get her back, but I don't even know how she really feels now. She's the only person/thing that ever made me feel happy, or loved,or wanted, or like I fit in. She's the only reason I wake up and go through hell every day, crying, in complete agony. Without the hope of her, I'd kill myself right now. I know how wrong that I, but it's true, and no amount of drugs, legal or not, therapy, anything, has been able to change that, no matter how hard I try, no matter how much I want it to. Please help me not be that crazy guy that kills himself over a girl that doesn't want him reddit, idk if that's the case, but it may be, I'm so alone, just, please help me :(