I see no reason to continueI am a 23 year old female and I got divorced in March just as the pandemic started. We were married for 3 years. He convinced me to date him, to marry him, despite my hesitation. I should never have given in. All that love, all those years were wasted. He was a terrible husband, even though I would have done anything for him. Never one gift, not even on my birthday, never one thoughtful moment, so much anger, so much dismissiveness. I was depressed during that last year of marriage, but he never really helped me. I had no job, because he preferred me at home, I was scraping by in college, losing all my friends, gaining weight. He was my best friend and he just one day vanished... abandoned me, because I wasn’t well. I know I hurt him sometimes too, when my resentment became too much, but I really was unwell. Will he ever understand that? Probably not. He called me to tell me he wanted a divorce. He couldn’t even tell me to my face. He left me homeless during the pandemic, so I had to sleep on friend’s floors, until I got over my pride and accessed local resources. I tried to get better, even though all I wanted was to kill myself, I felt so so worthless after being thrown away like trash. I took the pills, I did the therapy, I reached out to friends, I exercised, I lost 40 pounds in those firs three months. I was making some progress, despite my renewed high school eating disorder, but less than two months later, before the divorce was even official, he’s engaged to a coworker. He blocked me on every platform. He acts as though I never existed. This stings so bad, because for three years, he became my whole world. I didn’t have anything beyond him. All wasted, all worthless. All that I devoted to him, he throws me out because I’m too sad, too difficult to help...

Worse still, I miraculously fall in love with someone else I meet. It happens slowly, but the connection is real. There’s lots of drama and mistakes, but the love was something I really felt... that I still feel. Yet, tonight I ended it with him. Despite how much I loved him, there were so many red flags: controlling behavior, purposely hurting me verbally, broken promises, lies. I knew if I stayed it’d never work out, that I would only be hurting, even though I almost didn’t care... I thought if I just want to die anyway, why not just stay and tolerate the abuse? But it’s too late to back out of the break up now. There’s no way he would ever forget this. I hate hurting him, it hurts me more than he will ever know.... but maybe he will, once I end it. 

I find no purpose in life. All I’ve ever wanted to be was a mother. I fought through college just so I could have a decent job just so I could afford to be the mom I wanted to be, but it’s nothing without a partner. I don’t think I’ll ever find a partner like that, to make a family with, that won’t lie or break promises or hurt me...