I want to die because I wasn't asked if I wanted to live.I don't want to live. Nothing in my life has been worth living for, and with most of my life gone by this point, there's nothing in the future for me that justifies my staying.

But the part of me that /is me/ isn't what's keeping /me/ around. My mind, my id, my ego.. that's ready to go. But biological processes still fill me with fear, adrenalin, fight or flight responses anytime I go to the balcony to jump, or consider running into traffic. You know, whatever bullshit way I try to imagine trying to kill myself as painlessly as possible. It doesn't matter if /I'm/ ready. The fucking unsightly meat bag I was assigned at birth by my worthless fucking bloodline doesn't really care about problems of the mind, it cares only about automatic processes and physical pain aversion.

My blood doesn't care that I'm never going to amount to anything at my slowly-killing-me-call-center job. My wrists and joints ache from typing but they have no idea my mind aches when I think about the good 20+ years of my life I tried art, and music, and writing, and fashion and competitive gaming, and failed at every single thing that I tried. They'll never know the slow deterioration of my spine from sitting at a desk all day is because I wasn't good enough to do anything else.

One of my testicles is surgically pinned and misshapen due to a torsion I suffered, scars and pain I will deal with for the rest of my miserable life. Yet it lacks the knowledge that it's grotesque anomaly isn't even close to the top of the list as to why I'm permanently single.

I run every night. I try, at least. Sometimes i work out outside of just running. But none of that's good enough to stop the constant pain in my digestive track, my balls, my wrists, my back, my mind, my past, my future, my fucking existence. I can eat the right daily allotment of fiber,and lord knows I try since the alternative is me sitting on a call at work with my hands clasped over my stomach. But food is what my body wants. I don't give a shit. I want to be able to draw in proportion, or sing on key. I'm going to be 31 this weekend and I've spent my entire worthless life trying. All I have to show for it are projects no one liked, and the lies acquaintances tell me as to not embarrass me.

Paying someone to kill me seems more and more rational. I can't do it myself. I'm too fucking pathetic and tied up. But, haha, money is in short supply for me to. Probably don't have enough to convince someone to risk it.

I don't want to make it to this next birthday unless I get to be born into a different life immediately upon reaching it. This one is used up.