I don't want to bother any of my friends with how horrible I feelHello.
I am constantly suicidal schizophrenic. In 2013, at the age of 14, I fell ill. In 2015 I began to be more and more stable, being medicated and all that. Schizophrenia doesn't bother me anymore, even though it was this thing that started everything connected to suicide. The thought about suicide striked me every day, and it became more and more severe. Even when the illness didn't show anymore, I still had the suicide thoughts. I've been hospitalised twice for suicide attempt, and 5 times for suicide thoughts - and I began to wonder: will I ever live a whole life? It seems to me that one day I WILL succeed at a suicide attempt. 

In 2015 I began smoking weed, and later doing drugs. First it was MDMA, then I tried shrooms, Ritalin, ketamine and LSD. I even became an addict and had to go to rehab. 

I posses a lack of ability to forgive myself.
I've been mean to a lot of people who meant very much to me, and I don't think I'll ever be able to let go of the feeling of my hurting them. And what hurts me the most is to see them letting it go. Everyone seems to move on, even when the most horrible things happen, and I'm stuck in the past, not able to live my current life. 

Now here I am, 00:47, smoking one cigarette after the other, thinking about all the bad things about my life, and I really feel like ending it. I know I COULD get better, if I just talked to somebody. But I don't want them to be nervous about me, or hear all the emo crap I have to say, because I know I'll regret what I said later, and somehow I feel bad that they're friends with me, because I know I will hurt them in the end. 
I also know that if I called the hospital (the one I'm connected to), I would have to go to their emergency room and perhaps get hospitalised again. And things were just beginning to go well, so I don't want that to happen. It's very ambivalent, because at one hand I want myself to be happy and at the other hand I just want myself to die and finally letting go of everything that haunts me.
I really don't know what to do.

Kind regards,
someone you don't know.
