On the edgeI have been emotionally and physically abused by my alcoholic father every month since I was 10. He always attacks me whenever he’s drunk and vents his anger out on me. My parents argue all the time whenever he drinks, but I’m always the main victim every time. I can’t help but feel like my family allows him to abuse me. He doesn’t think of me as his son, and apparently he never did. He always yells “You’re not my son” at me. My mom, the only person I have that can protect me, never does anything serious, and with that I mean she might say something at the time. But the following day, they all act like nothing happens (with each other), he’ll ignore my entire existence, and when he’s drunk again he’ll attack me. Its the same loop that has continued for so many years, he drinks at least half the month, every month. 

He kicked my eye one time when i was 12 which damaged my vision on my right eye. He broke my hand and wrist when I was 16. One time when I was 17 he grabbed me by my hair and started punching me all over my body, while trying to shield my face, I accidentally hit his teeth with my elbow (I’m a lot taller than he is) and knocked 2 of his teeth out (he has bad teeth due to years of alcohol and smoking). There are so many more occurrences of him being physically aggressive towards me, but I decided to keep it short. 

Ultimately, I cannot help that the rest of my family members (my older sister and mom), allow him to abuse me. I’m sick and tired of this. I don’t feel like I belong here, if they loved me they wouldn’t let this happen, would they? A whole decade of this drained everything out of me. My mom won’t let me defend myself, claiming someone should never hit their father etc. Traditions etc. And all that bullshit. She says stuff like “A child should never hit their father even if they’re father is trying to kill him.” My family is Asian and where they’re from they have all these weird folklore made by sheep herders and illiterate government officials. I haven’t received help from anyone and the situation continues as I am writing this. The fact that we’re in lockdown due to a covid outbreak in my city doesn’t help. He has no issues with any other family members, just me.

I want to beat him up to a pulp, I am physically able to, but its my mom that stops me. I don’t want to break her heart, but at the same time I can’t take this anymore. Now every time I see his face I can’t help to desire to beat him up to a bloody pulp and kicking him out to the streets. I can’t take it anymore, one of us has to go and I feel like I should be the one to go, as they defend that alcoholic piece of shit.