Think I might kill myself depending on how tonight goes..This was copy and pasted from my advice post because I feel kinda suicidal again now

Hi, I'm 19,
And I've posted a lot abt this girl on suicide watch when I ws so close to killing myself over losing her and on this site.
Basically lately I've began to feel underappreciated by her, I mean I do lv hr, even now.
But I think theres an old saying or something like "the more u do for someone the less they appreciate it", because they begin to take it for granted, and ur supposed to just be there to help them.
I'd do anything for her, I know it's easy to say but I wld, and she know it and how much ii lv her. 
I've spent many sleepless weeks worrying abt losing her, but I think I've figured something out, I think I've began to value myself not just her.
I've been there when shes been down, took her many places, spent a lot of money on her for birthdays, christmas and in general, talked to her when shes scared, I even ran out of the shops to her once when she phoned me late at night walking back from the bus saying there were a group of weirdos near her. 

I've done a lot for her, and she in truth has helped me with things such as my depression and suicidal thoughts.
But I dont think she values me and what I'd do for her, sometimes i think the only reason she phones isn't to talk to me but for her own benefit and to help her.

I mean she never stops fucking talking to me abt her crush on v from bts, and how much she wants to meet him and date him.

It's got to the point where I've had enough, I'm not gonna be used anymore, ive been trying to think why I lv her so much but cant really. Altho I still do.

I'm gonna phone her later on, hpffly if she answers, I'm gonna tell her how I feel, and if she wants to stay with me then dont fucking continuously talk abt that weirdo group bts. Appreciate what I do for u. Or if not, then spend ur days imagining that down syndrome looking guy, without me, cus I want something bette.

I am scared, i want to spend my life with her and think I'll always lv her and regret breaking the relationship.

So I'm just asking if anyone could be there for me later on to talk to after I phoned. Cus I'm not gonna be in a gd mood and I need someone to talk threw it.
Thanks pls