Thinking and dreaming about death, knowing I won't die any time soonWhen I was suicidal as a kid I thought a ton about how others would react when they heard about my death. I was tested and the result was that 97.4% of all tested kids were happier than I was. I was in therapy and was doing pretty okay for a long time.

I'm in boarding school now (own wish) and I fell in love twice this year. First girl was on the verge of killing herself, I was in love with her and when I heard about how she felt I wanted to help her, as a sort of "thank you", after I cried all night because of fear for her after she had a panic attack and needing medical attention, she searched through her stuff in boarding school when I was in her room, drinking booze she herself said tasted awful infront of me and after gaining enough confidence disappearing with someone else and spending the whole evening with him and that booze. It's no secret what happened that night. Now she doesn't even greet me and I am sorta required to act as if I never knew her anyways. The second girl I met at the dancing course I go to in my hometown. I was only there because my parents didn't remember when a old friend of mine went dancing so I was in the wrong class. This was the first time in the course (20+ weeks) the girls chose their partners, and this pretty girl that's exactly my type walked up to me and we danced for the rest of the class. She added me on Instagram and we chatted every day for the rest of the weekend. Until I was in the train, driving back to boarding school, where I only received half of her messages and the chat ended with her being really frustrated. The next day when I wrote her she said she was learning. I wrote her that when she doesn't have time she can tell me, no problem, that I don't want to force her to have a chat with me when she has no time. She said it was okay. So the next day, on Tuesday, I asked her when she comes home from school she read it but didn't answer. 5 hours later I wrote "no it's okay" under quotation marks, clearly frustrated because she ignored me. She hasn't answered since, but yesterday I wrote that I'm sorry how the week after the dancing lesson developed, telling her how good she looked that day and how I miss her smile and asked if we'd still meet next week at the next dancing lesson. She read it but hasn't answered for more than 24 hours. On Instagram I saw that she spent today with her friends at an Asian restaurant, having fun and laughing a lot, while I'm at my phone, having forgotten what I was even waiting for. An answer? I don't know anymore. I felt empty the whole day, having spent most of my power to write that message and sending it. I started thinking about death again this week, possibly Thursday. My roommate wasn't here so I was pretty lonely because I neither wanted to go out, nor chat with anyone, fearing my internet would be used up before she answered me. I didn't sleep much this week and since Thursday I think about getting hit by trucks, getting shot, stabbed, being caught up in a terrorist attack, with other people getting hit by a truck and me helplessly trying to protect my girl and later giving first aid to the victims, fighting for their lives, then, in a different dream seeing the girl I love dying in front of me, or asking myself if that girl in class which is really salty since she knows I'm in love would miss me when the class would be told I'd never come to school again. I could possibly continue writing about all these thoughts and dreams, in which I or my girl die, indefinitely. I don't understand why this is happening. I don't do my favorite sport for months now, neither do I play the instrument I love so dearly since childhood days. I feel empty most of the time, except the days I was in love (Friday till Thursday) with who I believe is the right one. I am the son of a single mum and she already told me when I was a child that she couldn't go on if I'd no longer be, so suicide is a no-no (I think), but I still dream about dying. Do I want to die? I don't know! I definitely don't want to continue being ignored by people I could die for, neither do I want them to not answer or writing me without ever telling me why. I've talked about the girls with the lesbian sister of my roommate and how upset and unmotivated I am, but I haven't told her about all these thoughts and dreams. She is really caring. Should I talk to her or should I talk to my ex-therapist (I think I'd only waste his time with me "teenage love bullshit")? 

*tl:dr:* I was suicidal as a child and battled depression. I lived some normal years since then but after two separate girls I fell in love with so strongly I would risk my life to save them ignore me and don't answer me without ever telling my why, I feel empty and only think about dying and suicide again. I don't really do anything anymore, but I know my mother would kill herself if I commited suicide, which would mean the end of my family which is documented back to the 1200s. Should I talk with a friend I know would listen, care and try to help me, or should I talk with my ex-therapist? 