Im so messed up(Im a 14 year old female) So there's this guy and I've known and loved him for 3 years. He knows my deepest thoughts, I know his and we have this emotional connection I can't find with other people. He often had dark and suicidal thoughts and I was there to comfort him.

He rejected me a year ago, and it just messed me up so fucking much. Started feeling like I'm worthless, had body image issues, using self-sabotage as a weird type of self harm (eating lots of food I know I'm gonna regret because if I get fat tomorrow I know I'm gonna hate myself even more and I DESERVE the pain) and lots of suicidal thoughts, chronic feelings of emptiness, fluctuating feelings of depression ranging from a few minutes to hours.

He got a girlfriend too.

I pretended I was fine and pushed my feelings aside because I didn't want to lose him or stop talking.

I just found out last 5 months ago that he has clinical depression and I just felt so bad for letting him go through all the pain and probably guilt because of dealing with my shit being rejected and everything. 

I finally told him that I needed some space because I just can't move on. 

During the break, I felt better and was able to detach. 

We started talking again last month, and the thoughts are back again. I feel shitty again. 

I love him so goddamn much still, and he keeps me from killing myself and I help him to deal with his depression but the jealousy and worthless feelings came back because of bad memories with him and the rejection.

I don't know if its better to leave him again and just face the reality that my mind cannot move on if I don't detach but leave him in such a vulnerable depressed state where he could commit suicide and I don't wanna leave him.

 Whenever I'm having suicidal thoughts he is also the one consoling me and he saved my life a couple of times.

But goddamn it how could someone be the cause and the solution to your problem at the same time?

Im considering suicide because I feel like I'd just be a burden to him, he already has his girlfriend anyway, he doesn't need me. I want him to be happy. I don't even know if he considers me his best friend. I don't want to keep being a burden to him, asking for help when I feel suicidal even when he's dealing with his own shit himself.

I feel so goddamn selfish.

I don't want to hurt him. 

I love him so much I don't want to lose him.

But if disappearing from the world makes his life easier, I will do it. 

Sorry for the long post. I just... I don't care at this point.