I don't where to go from here.I try to be kind to people and talk to them, asking them about their days, how they're doing and the like, but people don't seem interested in talking to me.
I ask people if they want to do something, like play a game or just some goofy conversation or something, but they always say no, or that they're busy.
It's been kind of bad with my best friend as of late, too.
Whenever I try to talk to him about playing together when he gets back from his trip he either doesn't respond or completely changes the subject.
Yet I see him making plans to play a ton of games with other people right smack in the middle of the messaging group.
Why is someone who's supposed to be my best friend avoiding me so much?
Trying to talk to him about any of this doesn't work either, it's "I'm not avoiding you, not everything needs to be a conversation"
And when I'm in a bad mood because I apparently don't have any fucking friends, and try to talk about it,
All I get are the same people who said I could talk to them about it telling me to get over it, that I'm just a stupid kid, or that I'm only doing for attention.
All my real life friends moved away, except for one.
and he's too busy to hang out anymore.
And it's not like my parents are any help with any of this, either.
I get screamed at for doing so much as breathing wrong.
So.. I don't know.
I honestly wish I was dead most of the time but for some fucking reason I can never go through with it.
Despite the fact that there's absolutely no reason for me to be around anymore.
I wish my fucking brother was here instead, y'know.
I still don't fucking understand why he had to die, but not me.
So I'd like to say that you'll never see me again, and be all dramatic and conclusive but we both know I'm just going to come crawling back.
But evidently enough, nobody needs me.
Nobody actually fucking cares.
So what if I'm better than this.
All I ever get for advice is "life's worth living, you have to keep going, it'll get better," or "try being nice to people, you'll get it back!" But that never fucking happens.
Even if I lift weights until my fucking arms fall or or run until I can't feel my legs, that doesn't mean anything if I don't have anyone.
I've improved so much, I proved everyone who ever doubted me wrong.
Despite the fact that I've been trying to kill myself for the past year, I still got in significantly better physical shape, and got a 4.0 in school.
I only missed a single day the entire year.
I used to miss weeks of school.
My score on the English for the ACT was in the top 1% of the entire fucking country.
I always get compliments from the community for my videos, when I sing at concerts, when I play in band.
I fucking had a crowd of people circling me at prom, chanting my name to the beat of my favorite song while I had a dance battle with someone else.
My life is fucking great.
But it doesn't mean anything,
It doesn't mean anything if I don't have anyone else.
And why, despite how much I try
No one wants me.
People say they care, but I see them when I'm not around.
They're happier, more open, they talk more.
They make plans, they hang out.
Yet my plans always fall through.
I know I'm strong.
I know I'm the person I always looked up to when I wanted to be better.
The reason I can't even go through it, is because there's always a voice inside telling me about all of that, and that no matter how much it hurts, I'm better than that.
I know all of that.
But I don't want to be alone.
I've already done everything I dreamed of and more, but I just want friends.
That's all I really want.
Even if I tried talking to everyone about this, or tried to explain how I feel, it wouldn't work. It'd just be brushed off as another outburst.
You understand my situation, right?
There's nothing I can do.
I don't *want* to kill myself, but as of late it's the only thing I can think about. I have dreams about it, I could be sitting at my desk then suddenly get the urge to slice my wrists open. For whatever reason, whenever I listen to [this song, I feel at peace.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIscL-Bjsq4)
It's like accepting everything, and knowing that nothing's going to get any better is a peaceful feeling. I wish I could let everything go and end it, but I can't.


The fact that I'm posting this on reddit shows how bad things are. So.. I don't know. It's probably not even going to get any fucking views, with how these type of things normally work.  Sorry about the formatting. 