i packed up my stuff and moved across the worlda few months ago i was at my lowest. i chambered a round in my Glock 23 and cried hysterically as i slowly put the gun to my head. 90% of me wanted to do it because i wanted the pain and suffering to end. 10% of me was scared that i was making the wrong choice. i screamed like i was a child crying for his mother. i was trying to gain courage to just squeeze the trigger. at that moment i decided that before i did something unreversable, i might as well live out the biggest bucket list item i had. to move to Europe. 

i maxed out my credit card to $10k on a one way flight and 3 months of accommodation. i was scared but excited.  fuck it right? it can’t get any worse than sitting in my bed with a gun to my head.  once i landed, i told myself “as long as i get a little bit better every day then i’ll keep going”. 

i don’t do much here in europe, but i’m doing better than i did before. 

i wake up, grab some coffee at a local cafe, put on some music on my earphones and walk around for hours. i’m trying to learn a new language. i try to talk to people and don’t care if they think i’m an idiot. i have nothing to lose. i walk and walk and listen to music that makes me sad. i listen to music that brings me back to happier days. i smile sometimes.  i dance while i walk. people look at me like i’m crazy but i don’t care. i try new foods. i go to the beach and sit and cry.  but i don’t cry like i did before. they’re still sad tears, but at least i’m not in bed crying. i shower, i read books. i haven’t read a book in years. i finished a book in 2 days and now i’m on my second one that’s 550 pages. i read 200 pages today. i have plans to go to museums. i don’t think about ending my life anymore but i do think about my credit card debt. i think about what i’ll do after the next few months but i’ll figure that out. 

as long as i get a little bit better each day, i’ll keep trying.  i don’t need drugs or alcohol as much as i did before. i’ve been sober for the first time in over 2 years. each day i walk a little further.  i’m doing better each day.