Why can't I just end it all??I've gone crazy. I lost my job last month. And it's probably because I was getting all these customers that were just terrible. They seemed to be coming right after another. But I had a problem with a customer at the height of my personal problems, and one of my supervisors was there the whole time, and even she could not figure out what I did.

So this bitch of a customer told me to my face "You are a very unfriendly person!" And we couldn't figure it out, and it had been a slow day, and i tried apologizing, but she would not back down. Bitch kept telling me "You are very, very unfriendly" and she paid with a credit card and once it went throug, I just walked to the  back room and told my ASM what happened. And she's always cheerful, and eventually told me that the supervisor that was up front couldn't understand either. But my ASM gave me a hug and told me to just restock the back room.

But I was upset because I had a dinner date with a friend that afternoon and I had the most severe of nervous breakdowns. The only thing that redeemed my day was this woman with two little kids. A boy and a girl. And they needed to use the bathroom. So I was in heavy tears at that point, and she could tell I was having problems.  But I directed her to the bathroom. And when she left with her kids she asked me "Are you OK?" and there was too much crap going on and I said "Oh yeah... I'll be OK" And she said "I hope it gets better" and I said "I hope so too"

So that is my tale of working retail. I've had it and the only thing that is keeping me from killing myself is the small handful of people i have around me, that i never see. i know if i was dead, it would crush these people. but i've had it. totally had it. i just wish these people would understand i'd be better off dead.

so that is the only reason i'm still alive. i don't want to harm the people that are far away from me. they are not family, but they are as far as significance for family goes. i just needed to spill my guts.