What’s the Point?This is one of the first things I’ve ever posted on reddit. I apologised if I make some sentences grammatically incorrect. I won’t use names because of privacy reasons.

Anyway, so I’m a 16 year old female, I live in Australia and I’m extremely unhappy with my life. I’m currently in the first term of Year 12 and I just don’t see the point of living. “It gets better,” is possibly the one statement I’ve heard the most in my life. I was born 15 weeks premature, some people say it’s a miracle I’m alive, and I’m so lucky, but honestly, from the day I was born, I’ve wished I was dead. To start off my journey, my mother took me out of the hospital early, didn’t sign me out or anything, just took me. She headed to a small community out in the country and gave me water from a creek to live off of until the police came looking, so then she moved to a slightly larger town. She would occasionally take me to my great-grandparents house and leave me there for weeks without so much as a phone call to check up on me, then she would come and take me again. My grandparents told me I would come back to my grandparents with bleeding and chafed genitalia, not nice to have as a baby under a year old, and they would feed me, clothe me and basically supply every need I had. My mother took me again and by this time I was 2 1/2, my grandparents decided to visit me and my mother in the small town I lived in at the time. Arriving to the caravan park my mother lived in, my grandmother noticed something was feeling a bit off. That’s when she noticed two men molesting me, my mother was nowhere to be seen and when questioned they said that they were asked to look after me while my mother went off to the pub. From that day forward I lived with my Great-grandparents permanently. My mother rarely came to visit me as a child, and would often not live up to her promises, I learnt not to expect much from her at a young age. At age 5 I was visited by my cousin, long story short, I was molested once again and clueless about it. I remember waking up to my grandmother and asking her what sex was, I remember her face and how shocked she was and her reply “where did you hear that word from”, i replied with “[cousins name] told me and then he touched my privates with his privates,” I never saw him much after that and never truly understood why until I was older. After a few more years of being constantly disappointed by my mother and living a deserted life on a farm with my grandparents, I was sexually assaulted by a boy in my Year 8 geography class, I remember freezing and asking him to stop, but his fingers just continued to play with my underwear. I told the principal and teachers about it, the teachers believed me and took me to speak to the principal who told me “That’s just what boys are like, I’m sure you’ll keep with quiet, you don’t want [boys name] to get into trouble, do you?” And from that day forward I learnt the only person there for me, was me. Just a few weeks after that incident I was at a girls house, I never had many friends so I was pretty determined to make a good impression, the weekend was fun until Sunday rolled around and she took me to her other friends house. I remember that the other girls parents were out and there were a lot of boys in her house, both younger and older than my 13 year old self. We’d just been to the pool so I desperately needed a shower, I was allowed to and so I walked into the bathroom, “the door doesn’t lock,” the girl said, I was suspicious but got into the shower anyway. I was washing myself and then noticed the door slightly open..she has brought her younger brothers into the bathroom, they were watching me as I was naked. I screamed and told them to get out and they did...but then they started looking through the window and as the shower curtain wasn’t long enough, I couldn’t cover myself. I got out and tried looking for a towel..she hadn’t brought me one and not only that she’d stolen my clothes. A pair of scissors were thrown under the door and I was told that I wasn’t allowed out until I cut them off, referencing to my pubic hairs and that “she’d be watching,” and she sure was, through a hole in the door. So I did. Then I was thrown a towel and dragged out to the kitchen by her and another guy and then pushed down onto the concrete floor with the towel being ripped off of me. I was lying face up naked with a group of 15 guys around me. All I remember after that was a guy from school who’d bullied me all my life calling me a slut before having some other clothes thrown at me and kicked outside. All I can remember was running back to the girls house I was staying at to get my things and run. The next day at school, the girl brought my cut off pubic hair in a zip-lock bag and showed everyone, I’d never been more humiliated. While I’d self harmed in the past, this was when I got bad and would have to be hospitalised because of how deep I would go. I’ve since moved 300km away with my grandparents, and there have been no incidents since then, and I’ve stopped self harming. But I’ve been seeing a Counsellor since I was 11 and I’m now seeing an animal psychologist who’s helping me through things, but it’s hard. I have a boyfriend who I’ve been with for almost 2 years  and he’s lovely, I have a cat who I adore and I still have my grandparents who I’m thankful for every day. But I haven’t seen my siblings for two years (my mother went on to have 5 kids after me, who are now all in foster care) and I haven’t seen my Mum in 1. I’m guessing I should be happy, but I’m still so depressed, I take 150mg of medication to deal with the PTSD, anxiety and depression (yes, all diagnosed) and I just feel like nothing is getting better and not being here would be the best option. I know I’ve missed some details and I apologise, I just needed to get it all out. I have a date planned, June 28th because it was the first date I flicked through in my diary, but I’m not sure if I’ll go through with it yet, I want too, but I don’t want anyone to have to feel the way I feel everyday because of me killing myself. Maybe it will get better, but it hasn’t gotten better since the day I was born and I’m over living. 