I'm a pathetic fucking liar.I'll save you some time and tell you to not even bother reading this. It's going to be long and it won't make any sense. I just need to rant, I guess.

To those reading anyway, it's getting awfully hard to live my life. I'm living a lie.. I mean, I'm a liar. Basically every fucking thing to come out of my mouth is a lie and I can't stop it. I really can't. I've done this for as long as I can remember and it's so out of control now as it's destroying my life.

I promise to you, the people of Reddit, that everything I say in this post is the truth. I can't fucking hide anymore and I need to come clean to someone. Anonymously, on a new alternate account is a start, I guess.

I'm not asking for pity, I know I don't deserve it. I'm asking for someone to just hear me out because, fuck.. I'm lost. Every time I lie, it's too late to take it back. I blurt it out before I can even realize what I've exactly said. Everyone knows when I lie and I feel horrible each time I do. And it's over the most simplistic of things too. It's repulsive.

I lie so often that I don't even know who I really am. Of course, I know when I'm lying, but everything else is starting to muddle together. My personality.. My thoughts.. EVERYTHING. For example, I have to fucking sit there and think "Do I actually like the color blue or black or..?" That'd be pretty funny and ironic if it didn't bother me so much. I don't even understand myself or rather life anymore.

It's gotten to the point to where I'm constantly seeking drugs to distract me from myself.. But because that's been so hard lately, I'm stuck with myself. So, now I'm left with the option of suicide. Dying freaks me the hell out and I'd like to live, but I can't change. I hate myself entirely. I'm losing people due to the way I am. I'm just a piece of shit who doesn't deserve to live.

I'm just so desperate and I don't know what else to do. I truly don't see any other option. I don't want to be in my own head anymore. I don't want to hurt anyone anymore. I really want it to stop.. And I'm so sorry for all of it.