I don't know.Maybe it's because I've become so content with the person I am. Maybe I'm just used to it. I dunno. 

I look back even to 5 or 6 years and what I had hoped to do, and I've done nothing. I'm 25, live with my parents, no job, no car, no future. I sit around and browse the internet, play games, and watch TV. I've lost contact with most of my friends, and find myself so socially inept that keeping new ones is almost impossible.

I'm a horrible family member. I borrow money from my brothers, promising to pay it back at a later time, but with no intention of doing so. I've stolen money from my mom at times when she needed it for bills. I've lied about the smallest things so I don't look like a villain. I've let countless people down.

Why? I dunno. But that seems to be the answer to most questions about why I do what I do. I dunno.

And I don't, really. I can't seem to figure out why I'm so content with being an asshole, being uncaring, and being a leech. Well, content until recently.

I've wanted to do better. I've wanted to quit smoking, get back into shape, use the little education I have to get a job, but...I just can't. I'm constantly fighting with myself to find the motivation to do the simplest tasks. Even getting up to get myself a glass of water at times seems like a marathon.

I want to get out on my own. I want to be able to say I've carved my own niche. I want the nice job, and the decent car. I want to go to the bars on friday nights and have a good time. But I can't seem to let myself do it. To give myself the motivation to at least imagine it. Dream. To realize that at some point if I just buckle down, I can have it.

But no. I just can't seem to get myself to that point. 

I've dealt with suicide in the family and lost friends through it as well. I made a promise to myself a long time ago that I would never go that. I would never think about it.

But as I sit here for the millionth time telling myself I've got to get better, it only gets better, I wonder how long I'm going to lie to myself

And at what point do I decide to break that promise, like I have so many before it.