I know how its going to end (x-post from depression)I am 24, and I now realize there is nothing I can do to avoid my own suicide.
Let me clear this up. I'll try to do this by typing out my train of thought that lead to this somber epiphany. I am very overweight, the victim of child sex abuse, bullying and emotional abuse at home. I don't want to lose weight because i have been heavy all my life and its become part of who I am. I have never had a girl friend or a date or anything really. My life is really just me against the world. So I don't want to lose weight because it has never come from me to want to. I don't want to give into the world. People tell me i should lose weight for my health or to get a girlfriend but I don't care enough about my life to want to be that healthy, and no one who wouldnt love me as I am now is worth the time and effort to lose weight for.
This is where I began to unravel. I noticed that I can't have what I want if I hold the course. I want more than anything to find my one and start a family. Nothing else really means anything hobbies are just leisure to me and a job or even a career are just a means to an end. even my dream job if I could have it is just just a job it wouldn't be fulfilling enough to keep me going. I can't get a woman to love me as I am for some reason I suspect my looks. But I am so unwilling to give into this world that has been so cruel to me that losing weight feel like betrayal. That so much of my life and who I am is built on this me vs the world mentality, that changing would mean shameful soul crushing defeat. If i broke down and lost the weight nothing would change. I would still be angry and bitter and depressed. I would hate the world even more so because i had to change because i wasnt good enough. I realize if I gave in then I wouldn't enjoy the things i want so badly if i did get them. If I lose weight I admit I'm not good enough. If then iI find someone I will never fully love them, I will always resent them because I gave in. Because in my eyes they don't love the real me. I can never escape this pit of anger bitterness and depression. I will always feel this way this is nothing I can do to change this. My weight isnt the problem is the that I am depressed that I am bitter and angry and scarred. And I don't know what will change that, nothing will, I was robbed of my innocence and happiness long ago and I have just been left to grow angrier and more bitter and more depressed and to fill the hole with food. Nothing I can do will change that my dream of having a happy family is impossible. I will never be happy I will never know mutual love. I will be trapped in this hell forever till I can't take anymore.
That when I realized will either I kill myself soon out of loneliness, or i kill myself down the line out of bitterness and resentment. But I won't see old age I wont age and wait grandchildren grow up. All paths lead to my suicide. Sooner or later no matter what I do that's how its going end for me. When this thought first hit me and sunk in I cried, like a baby I just put my head in my hand and cried uncontrollably for an hour. And though my tears I begged for help, and I am still begging for help. I don't want to go out like that. Help.