Just found out about my life insurance policy.About four months ago I was also able to get off my psych meds because they were not doing really anything for me. After ten years of trying to get off, I was finally able to get off the useless meds. I felt so liberated. All those awful side effects, with really no effects on my mood whatsoever. I was done. 

I started working out everyday and went low carb. I got in great shape and felt amazing. I still had mental health issues but they were manageable. I felt in control of things and was proud of myself for getting through really tough times. I was telling people how I got off meds and was doing great. Family commented how I seemed to be doing better than I had been in, well, ever. For a while I was actually laughing all the time. Good hard, genuine, belly laughs. Something I never had on meds.

I got a job in my actual industry after struggling to find anything and getting fired from other jobs. Things were looking up for me. Isolation from working all week and not working out as much brought my depression back slowly but surely. To the point I'm now borderline non functional. When I'm not at work I watch youtube waiting for sleep so I can not be conscious. I feel my youth is over. And now that my depression is back, there is nothing good going forward. Meds tend to dampen my creative side, and so I feel that part of me is over. My fun, cool, youth is over. I don't care about music or fashion anymore, things I used to love. I'm a boring old fuck. 

I'm back on meds as of 5 days ago but I have no faith they will help me what so ever. Meds have never really fixed my depression, even when I'm firing on all cylinders and working on myself. I'm not really all there. 

I don't fit in society anywhere. I live in the midwest and I don't connect with anyone. I'm more intellectual and introspective and everyone I meet seems to be the opposite. I love music and art and I can't find anyone like minded. I haven't had a deep meaningful connection to a human in a long time. It all feels superficial. 

I'm working a temp job and when I'm done in a few months it's back to finding work in 'my field.' I feel utterly inept at my career and I'm terrified I won't be able to find a job or I'll be fired. I feel like a huge burden on my parents as they will have to pay my rent. I'm fucking 29 and I can't survive on my own. 

Just found out my work has a big life insurance policy if something happens to me. Got me thinking that this would be a good gesture if I do decide to do it. It won't totally be in vain. I don't want to hurt them, but they don't have to live my awful life. They don't have to struggle through life. I don't know how to ask for help. I'm lost. 