Saving a loved one from committing suicide.Thank you for clicking on this post. As many of you here are already aware of, this is an immensely difficult thing to discuss, especially since it's concerning someone I hold incredibly dear to my heart. I have nowhere else to go, and any attempts to seriously talk about this with anyone have been feeble. With that being said, if you can't handle such subjects, I wouldn't want to get any of you involved with this story. Nevertheless, for those who do plan on reading the entirety of it, I am eternally grateful for even giving it a listen.

My boyfriend and I have been together for a year now. Many of you will interpret one year as a rather short amount of time to call someone your "loved one", especially in same sentence as the term "suicide", but it is indeed the sad reality of where the road has taken us/him. I will try not to drown all of you into the tragedy of our love story, but after many hopeless weeks in the fear of the mentioned act, thinking about what went wrong and how to prevent it all, I have decided to come here and share this story, hoping to get any sort of feedback on how to handle the situation, especially if you, by yourself, have gone through/heard of similar experiences.

To keep it all as short as I can - the two of us have been inseparable for the entire duration of our romance. Despite having far too many flaws, he is everything that I have ever wanted in life. Even after countless of fights and arguments, the feelings would always hold us together through the dark of the night. Whenever we hit a bad spot, there was always a reason to keep on going, but he.. he has always had a curse directly tied to him.. a long battle with alcoholism and severe depression, as well as uncontrollable trust issues that lead him into lying about nearly everything going on in his private life, and with that, naturally hurting our relationship as well.. and he.. he'd always tell me that I helped him grow out of it, that he is not "*that*" person anymore, and I believed him - maybe he just put up too good of an act, or maybe he REALLY was over it, until the recent event triggered it, with that event being the return of his mother from prison.. And his mother, let's just say she earned her spot there for a reason. However, for the said reasons, the two of us have gotten to a point where we hold little to no trust in each other. He has a massive history with "*fucking up*" (the worst kind, which I won't get into due to even harsher reality of our relationship), and recently, after it's been all brought to light and certain *difficulties* presented themselves, he has completely changed. He can't tell me anything, he feels like he betrayed me far too greatly for us to ever recover and claims that there is no way for him to get over such events and threatens to end it all by the end of this month. I cry my soul out trying to convince him that there ***is*** a future for him, that dying isn't the solution to anything and that there is possibly a spot for us to remain together through any stinking obstacle.. but he won't listen. He stopped caring. He just can't handle the thought of staying in life, knowing that he "fucked up" far too much, with me, with his family, with his friends, with everyone. I called the suicide prevention line and they told me to give them the details, what kind of words to use to him, and they even offered to come (which I initially accepted), but.. he told me that he would jump out of the window (from the 6th floor) if I do so.

I don't know what to do. I'm emotionally and physically petrified. It hurts beyond words to feel so powerless. Nothing I do feels sufficient, his family doesn't show any sign of caring about what happens to him (as I said previously, he screwed up his relationships with most of them), his friends don't even know what's going on.. and I.. I just can't believe that what was so pure and perfect has lead into one of us wishing death upon themselves. And he won't stop. I know it. I can feel it. I'm ready to get police involved, I'm ready to go to any length to pull him out of this.. but he threatened that he will end it all in case I do.