hate the cycleWhat happens is, I feel anxiety, I procrastinate, and then I feel like shit for not doing anything, and then I get stuck in negative thoughts, and to justify continuing to not do anything I make everything seem worse by thinking about killing myself, and then somehow I get through the thing that was causing me stress, and feel like I've gone through some heroic thing, and then something causes me anxiety again.

I see a counselor, and she knows I think about suicide, and used to hurt myself, and so often I feel fine and think "what was that all about?", but it just feels like so much effort. 

I want someone to know that, yes, my brain is telling me I'd rather die than summarize two stupid articles or face the consequences of showing up and not having done it. 

I've been doing a master's program in a health profession part time because of a physical disability and I have never really felt like I belong. It's difficult and I wish I wasn't doing it. 

It feels like so much effort to respond to the good things in life.

When I am "up", all this seems silly and I like doing what I'm doing. I am just sick of knowing that I can ruin everything at a moment's notice. With my thoughts. I am aware that this also means I can make things better, but I don't want to. I feel so self-destructive. I bounce around between wanting to get better and not wanting to get better.  

I want people to know that there's something seriously wrong with me. I want a rest. A break. Time to just be, exist, instead of these endless expectations. But if I give myself that (ie not showing up to school tomorrow), it will reinforce this behaviour.

I know I am capable of better but it's so hard and part of me deep down inside doesn't want to be better, but every time I pull myself back from the brink, I feel like that part of me isn't being heard.

Guess what, something inside me hurts so bad that I would like to just escape all responsibility. I don't know what it is and I worry I'll never find out.  