I thought that after your first suicide attempt, you'd realize suicide want the answer? 20y/o FemaleIn 2016 I attempted suicide. I went to school and took some old Tylenol pills i had in my backpack. The only close friend I had at the time was the only person I told what I would be doing. It was such a surreal feeling taking pills in the hall right beside my classroom, taking a sip of water by the water fountain with every pill I took. Because I was scared, i went slow at first. I took two pills and greeted a friend who walked passed me on their way to our first class. I took two more and paused to think about what I was doing. I decided that I already committed and wanted to do it. I took 4 more. Soon after, the bell rang and it was time for my 9AM class. That day in class (it was my Jazz Performance class), we had a practice day so everyone broke off into groups and went to practice rooms to work on some pieces we would be playing for our upcoming concert. I waited and nothing happened in the first 20 minutes. I had not researched what would happened if I overdosed on pills- I preferred not to know. While waiting for the worst to happen, I clutched my violin and walked into the room where my current crush and moral/religious inspiration was, practicing piano. I didn't say much and I cant remember everything i said, but I had asked him if God forgave people after they committed a sin. He told me thats not how it works. To wrap up, my friend told the school consular and I was taken out of class and taken to the hospital to treat me for the pills I took. 

When all this happened, eventually I regretted it and i ended up meaning my current fiance. But, lately life has been so pointless and meaningless. I dont know what I am doing wrong.

\-If i ask my parents for therapy, they always reply with "You need God." or tell me to go to church. (still live with parents)

\-I have become so unmotivated that I cant stream (im a streamer on twitch), I can barely get the motivation to go to school, do any homework, study, take care of myself, practice good hygiene, doll myself up etc

\-Im failing all of my college classes and If i withdraw, I will have another 3k to pay for the classes I drop which I cant pay

\-I am still paying off my last suicide attempt for my medical bills on top of 2 other medical bills (totaling about 3k), but I can barely pay it off because I am a full time student and a part time employee at a non-profit organization meaning that my pay is really low.

\-I do bad socially so I do not have any friends as all except my fiance

\-my fiance leaves to go to the airforce soon, leaving em with no one left to interact with or to feel emotional relief

Currently, the only thing keeping me from killing myself and attempting once again is the fact that I love my fiance and he loves me too. But sometimes, You cant be fixed with just love. Im not sure what to do. Once he leaves, I will be all alone. He is going so we can move out and so that we can finally make ourselves independent, but im scared. Im scared that once he leaves that I will be alone with my thoughts. I fear that I will relapse into my eating disorder, or worse, that I will make another suicide attempt.