Another failed suicide attemptI’m sorry. I just need to get this off my chest.     

I can’t take it anymore. All the pain, the numbing sadness, the feeling of guilt for no reason, the self-loathing, the voices, everything. I just want it all to stop. I tried to end it all once again. I always fail. I lost count of all my failed attempts. I’m weak. I’m a failure. I can’t even kill myself properly.    


My mind wouldn’t shut up. The numbing sadness wouldn’t stop. None of it would stop. I had just gotten into a fight with my mum. I couldn’t take it anymore. I was already on the ledge and that just pushed me.   

I got my noose. I already had it tied and hidden in my closet. My mum wasn’t home at the moment. My father was at work. I had time. I tied it to the bar in my closet, high up. I climbed up onto the shelf in my closet. My closet is small so I was easily able to reach the noose from there. I stuck my head in it. I tested it by moving to the ledge of the shelf. It would be high up enough to properly kill me. This was it. I thought it was it. It would all be over. I slid off the shelf and held myself up with my arms. I was almost there. I just had to let go. I was so close...  and then I saw the picture of my mum and I. A picture of her hugging me. When the light was still in my eyes. When it hadn’t left. I looked happy in the picture as did my mum. We were so happy... My mind filled with memories of my mum and I. I remembered the words she told me. She would always love me...   

I broke down crying. I pushed myself back onto the shelf and sat there crying. I couldn’t do it. I wanted to do it, but I couldn’t. I was too scared to do it. I was scared about how my mum would react. I remembered her say that she would be a mess if one of her kids died while she was still alive. I remembered how she said she’d probably kill herself. I had been so selfish... I had once again tried to kill myself even after I had heard my mum say how painful it would be to loose a child, how devastated she would be. I’m still so selfish... I want to die. I still want to kill myself even though my mum would be sad. I’m terrible.   

I‘m a coward. All I ever do is run. I’m so ungrateful. People are dying of cancer in hospitals. There are people who have it so much worse than me. Yet here I am... hating the fact that I’m alive... trying to end my life. I have it so much better than other people, yet I wish I could die. I’m an ungrateful, selfish coward. I should’ve never been born.