I'm afraid of everything, and I want to die just so I don't have to be scared anymore.I have anxiety. I can't sleep. I can't eat. I can't drive. I can't work. I can't go to school. I can barely make friends. I started hopping in and out of various psychology appointments for my anxiety when I was 6. Do you know how bad anxiety has to be for a broke, 24-year-old single mom on medicaid to bring her 1st grader in to have her anxiety evaluated by a professional? It's *bad*.

When I was 10, I was diagnosed with depression and started on antidepressants when I was 12. I tried killing myself when I was 14 and spent some time in the hospital for it. I dropped out of high school. I can't manage college. I can't manage a minimum wage job. I can't manage an off-the-books nannying job. I can't manage making an automated phone call to make an appointment with a gynecologist.

I feel so fucking defective. I'm 20 now. I can't do anything. I've been out of treatment for 5 years and I have an appointment to go back and see someone for my problems next month. I just don't know how much better I can get. I can only sleep a few hours at a time because I have nightmares. I can't eat most foods because the textures weird me out. I get nervous that the dinner I'm making will have a strange texture that makes me vomit or that buildings will collapse onto me or that I will say something wrong and offend someone and be one of those people that is virally shamed on the internet for it. I am afraid to put in the hard work I know it will take to make me better, because I don't want to work so hard and still fail.

I've passively wanted to kill myself ever since I learned what "suicide" meant. I'm too much of a baby to do it right now. But I just don't see it getting better. I have all these dreams for myself and my life that I know can't come true. I want to be charismatic and brave and fun and free-spirited but I live the live of a large child.

I feel like I've heard everything. That I need to just pop the bubble that I live in and experience life. I'm trying. But I feel like such a fucking idiot. It's making me feel worse. I want to spend my life in bed, where it is quiet and soft, eating safe foods with the few people who make me feel safe and watching funny movies and reading funny books and pretending that there is nothing else in the world.