I just needed to talk about this.I'm in my second semester of college right now and things aren't exactly going my way. I barely made it out of a pretty depressing first semester. I'm in a STEM major and I enrolled in ROTC last semester because it's been my dream for the longest time to go to space one day, but I'd settle for being a pilot, too. Anyway, in my first semester, I was depressed because the shift in difficulty of academics was incredibly jarring to me, and I had trouble making friends, which made me think something was wrong with me. I was failing a math class, and ROTC was inherently stressful, and I just felt alone, ashamed, and just shitty a lot of the time. But I just barely passed the math class and I made a lot of friends. Second semester rolls around, and things are starting to look up. I finally feel comfortable in ROTC, I get a 92 on my first chem exam. There are still things I'm sad about, but I'll talk about that later. Anyway, I'm feeling generally happy about the semester so far. Then I get a 52 on my first math exam. I dug myself into this hole again. That's okay though, I'll just do better on the next one and the final. My academic performance starts slipping across the board, but I'm only in trouble in my math class. Fast forward about a month or so. I'm told that I don't medically qualify for ROTC because I was on ADHD medication 2 years ago. This is devastating to me. I was finally feeling comfortable, I had finally made friends, and I thought ADHD wasn't going to be an obstacle for me anymore. I had never identified with a certain group or felt like I was a part of something worth being a part of before, so to have that dangled in front of my face and then ripped away felt horrible. It's okay though, it's not the end of world because I'm still eligible to apply for Officer Training School after I graduate. Two days later, I meet with cadre. They review my case and tell me that because of a certain skin condition, I don't medically qualify for military service. Which means I can't be a pilot. I went back to my dorm, and for the first time in my life, I seriously considered suicide. It felt like I was in a nightmare. Like I was presented with a puzzle that I couldn't solve. I wanted to hurt someone, or myself. I didn't do anything, though; I didn't really know what to do. A week later I take my second math exam of the semester. A week from that, I find out I failed, and I'll have to drop the class. I studied really hard and I thought I got at least an 80. It's incredibly frustrating to go from high school, where I never studied for anything and almost never got below an 80 on a test or quiz, where I was good at math and science and academics in general, to college, where I can actually study for quizzes and exams and almost never get above an 80. It's even more frustrating when my friends and people on my floor talk about how they got Bs and As on the same exams I took. I'm running out of ways to convince myself I'm not a fucking moron. I just feel like such a fraud, in more ways than one. I've also never had a girlfriend, so that's always a reason for me to feel like a waste of skin. I've never experienced mutual romantic love. I have friends, yeah, but they don't need me. I've always had a problem with comparing myself to other people, and that's all I've been doing recently, and I just start to feel awful if I'm alone with my thoughts for too long. I feel like I have nothing to be proud of anymore.

Sorry for making this really long, I've never talked about most of this stuff with anyone and my friends and family aren't very good at comforting. I'm pretty sure nobody knows I'm unhappy, and I'm too afraid to change that. I just need to talk to someone.