Feeling like a failure after being rejected from med schoolsI'm heartbroken because I didn't get into medicine. I feel really lost and it's a probably a stupid reason to be suicidal over, but my family is broke and this was my only "real" shot at getting into medicine. I really tried my hardest this year, and even if I had a second shot, I'm not sure I could push myself any further. I know this might sound naive, but it just hurts when you feel like you've dedicated all your efforts towards your dream and you still fail. What makes my pain worse is that I have a lot of friends who have been accepted, and I know, from what they told me, that they want to study medicine for all the wrong reasons. Some are just doing it because they got the marks for it, some for the prestige, and some for the job security and money. It really makes me question the way our world works. Not saying I am better than these people, but I just feel like if I had the opportunity to study medicine, I would have really made the most of the opportunity and would be there because I genuinely wanted to be. I actually would care about the people I treated.

The thing is, my marks weren't bad at all. I missed the cutoff by a mark - and that's what makes this whole thing feel so unfair. Had it been any other year, I would have gotten in. But this year the cutoff was slightly higher, and I just missed. Just my bad luck I guess.

I also have depression, anxiety and PTSD, and I guess these feelings of failure and disappointment are really worsening my mental health. I can't see my psychologist because of family problems right now, hence this post.

In terms of the suicide aspect, I have several plans, but I'm not sure I'm allowed to say what they are. I want to do it without causing any harm to others, and also would prefer to make it look like an accident. I'm also concerned about my family, and they are the only reason I feel obligated to stay here. I don't want them to go through the kind of pain I go through on a daily basis because of my mental illnesses, but does that mean I continue suffering?

I don't really know where I was going with this but it felt good to vent my feelings. I don't know how serious my suicidal thoughts are, but I hope I will be rational enough to get some professional help if it gets any worse.