Where do I go from here?Warning:  this is going to sound like pathetic first World problems. I'm sure everyone here has it worse than me. That's part of why I created a throw away account for this. I'm so ashamed, just for having the feelings I do. Just for existing I feel shame. I dont know how to cope with it. I'm useless, pointless, over dramatic, and I shouldn't even be here. But I have to be somewhere... So here's my stream of self pity you should feel no regret for ignoring.

Ive been with the love of my life for several years now. I thought we'd be married, stay together a life time. I quit my job, and moved away from all my friends and family for him. But a few days ago, after I found him being unfaithful for the 3rd time, he admitted he no longer loves me. I've been given 30 days to be out of our home. 

I don't work. He didn't want me to at first, then I began to enjoy being a homemaker. I take such pride in keeping the house, preparing meals, caring for our 4 legged children. So I'm broke. Ive got a grand total of $53 in my bank account. I've been desperately searching for a job since I got this news, but I have no education, no marketable skill or trade, and very little work experience. 

Even if I get a job, then what?  30 days isn't enough time to get together deposit, 1st &amp; last month for an apartment. I suppose I could go home to my parents, but at my age theres nothing more shameful than a broke childless spinster still living with her parents. Plus they're so enjoying being empty nesters!  Theyre going on vacations and going out to new restaurants and making new friends. Things they never did before!  

I dont have any friends to talk to or to ask for help. I've never been a terribly sociable person. I've gained weight recently too, I'm no longer young enough or attractive enough to find a man to save me. Not that I'd want to. I can't imagine ever loving or trusting anyone again. I can't imagine ever being intimate with anyone again. 

I've already decided where and how to do it, but I'm so terribly afraid. What if its painful?  What if I do reincarnate and have to go through it all again?  What if there is a hell and that's where i end up?

The scariest thing is the truth. I'm going to do it in my own house, and I still won't be found for days because no one will bother to check on me. I'll sit in that little closet rotting away for a week before the smell finally makes him suspicious. 

I'm hopeful though. I'm hopeful that the loved ones ive lost in the past will be there to greet me. To hug me, to tell me I am loved, and that they've missed me as much as I will miss the loved ones I leave behind. 

I dont know why I wrote all that. I apologize for rambling. Ive had quite a bit to drink, and I should just go to bed. It just feels good to let out all my frustrations. All my feelings.  All my thoughts. I have no one else to speak to but the anonymous aether of the web...