My friend is suicidal and I'm terrified she will do something permanent to herself and/or others. She's being irrational and it's killing me and our friends. I need advice on ensuring her safetyI didn't know she was having mental health issues until she opened up to me about it a few months ago. At first I thought it was depression and severe social anxiety, but I eventually found out she was continually cutting herself. She started to see a professional psychiatrist and I thought it was going to get better for her, she was put on medication and I truly felt like she was improving.
Last week I found out she was still slicing herself, cutting moles off her legs, and beating her chest till it bruised. The things she says about it scares me, stuff like, "Everyone does it, you'd be surprised." and , "It's not a big deal." She told me she thinks about about driving off of bridges, or jumping off cliffs. I asked her if she had told her psychiatrist about any of the recent self harm and she said no. She hasn't told him anything. But the worst I've heard yet came today when I asked her if she was taking her medication. She's not, and she told me she lies to her parents and psychiatrist when they ask. She said she lies to her psychiatrist because she thinks if she tells him she's off her meds he'll put her in the hospital. (Honestly, if thats what it takes I think it might be necessary) She told me today that she likes to cut off cars real close, hoping that sometime the person won't stop in time and hit her. She said the only reason she hasn't killed herself yet is that she promised a friend she wouldn't.
She is the smartest girl I know, and has endless potential for her future. We're only in high school. She says she feels like nobody likes her and that she's useless but she couldn't be farther from the truth. I am terrified that one day soon she'll act on her impulses and slit her wrists or throw down pills. I'm especially terrified that her cutting off cars could cause not only her death but the death of another driver. What do I do? I had a friend commit suicide and eighth grade and I felt guilty about it, even though I didn't even go to the same school as him and hadn't spoken to him in years. If my friend kills herself, it would devastate everybody, this girl is so nice and well liked. If she does kill herself I know that I would feel partially responsible for not being able to save her. Do I tell her parents she's off her meds, and cutting herself with scissors? I don't know the name of her psychiatrist, but I could probably find it out. Do I call them and tell them what she's too scared to tell them? Do I tell her brothers? I don't know what they'd do, or how much they know? Do I tell my school counselor, and have her go through the system? I'm scared and confused, but most of all I am genuinely concerned for her well being.