More question, less answearI don’t really know how to start this? I guess I could just go ahead and explain my story. I’m just the average guy that tries to have a social circle that feels inviting and to surround me of people who (I think) wants the best for me. Recent events turn that feeling of security in a feeling of fear. In the space of merely 3 months my life went from a sweet dream to a tormented nightmare. It started off with this girl I met 2 years back (had a huge crush on her) she made me fall in love with her, every little bit of her. She made me realize on my person and created this thoughts that I never really tried to have. I guess I could say that she made me see the best of myself, made me think I was worth something in her eyes, like I was something special to her. Started the downfall soon after. We dated for 6 months, thought I found the right one and was gonna make the best out of this relationship. I only ended up fooling myself. She was talking to some other boys from her job and one friend (let’s call them jake and kyle) at the time I jad no idea, I started having panic attacks more frequently, I ate less, was paranoid most of the time. At one point I remember doing molly with her and we ended up having sex, I remember she told me that I was one of the most important relationship of her life. One week later she left me  and hooked up with jake, kyle and 2 other guys I presented to her. All in the span of one week. She even confessed to some of her friends that she enjoyed watching me being this low. 


I guess this is where my question start. I know that since that particular day of december my life started to shatter one piece at the time, from loosing my love, some friends, my job and a really close friend to me. I guess I made the descision that brought me here but. What is the point in all of this if you only end up at the bottom of the barrel. What categories the feeling of suicide? is it the way you look at the cara passing by? The subway coming into the station? the heights of the bridge? the sharpness of the knife? the products that lay around your house that could cause death? is it the thought of the rope? 

I just feel out of place, like if something went missing and I just lost my focus on life. I know this is not the way I usally think. But loosing the one I loved got to me at the point where i’m always under stress. I have panic attacks more and more frequently. Lost my job didn’t help to pile that was already there but damn. What’s the purpose of it all if everytime you build something it has to crumble down one day