A dilemma I'm facing.I am a 20 year old male and with a god complex. I truly believe everyone is beneath me and it's been driving me nuts. This train of thought always leads to the same conclusion, I would ultimately be better of dead or non existent.

My early childhood revolved around me traveling the world to many countries.  I've seen many things in the world during my years of traveling that would scar the innocent and bring light to untold truths to some people.  On ordinary circumstances, people would say how lucky I was to travel but it is something I wish never came to pass.  Kind of like how frodo, in lotr, mentioned the ring to gandalf.  

Also, I have self diagnosed myself with repressed memories due to the fact that my parents and my sister would have bouts of screaming matches and drama of the sort over stupid shit I find highly irrelevant to life.  I would be the boy in the corner of my room hiding in my mind of paradise while my family threw spears at each other.  I hardly remember anything and it has made me socially inept at life. 

I have friends but I think of them as disposable and truly not my friends and a pawn to a grander scheme that I have yet to understand. 
I have everything I couldn't want but it's not what I want. What I want is not obtainable in this era. I often think I was born in the wrong era.

So what I am thinking that my suicidal urges are true and I should follow up on them. I read somewhere that suicide is natures way of weeding out the weak. Although I don't think I am weak in the slightest (probably more capable of doing anything I can set my mind to) I feel as if I am not human and I shouldn't be living amongst this species. 

I can answer more questions about my thought processes and other info that could shed light to you fine people of this subreddit. 

Also, I would like to add my best friend is my cat who I relate to more than anyone else having rescued him from certain death.  And one more thing, it's not that I despise humanity (I kinda do actually) it's the fact that I have no desire to live among people, everyone is oblivious to everything and I can't help but pity humans for not understanding the truths out there in the corners of the earth.