It's my fault.Im a 15 year old male, a freshman in a college prep school in Dallas, TX.

I don't have a shitty background. Quite the opposite. I live in an upper-middle class suburb and go to a (costly) affluent school.

Ive got a roof over my head.

I don't have abusive parents. 

I was never sexually harassed.

I'm not heartbroken.

Im not a loner by any standard. I've got plenty of friends, and that list keeps growing.

I never witnessed some traumatic event.

I'm not struggling in school at all. I'm confident that I'm within the top ten percent of my class, academically. 

Yet, despite all of this, I want to die.

I do stupid shit without thinking. I procrastinate. I lie. I steal. I skip classes and practices. I've been told innumerable times by innumerable figures that I "have so much potential." The same people turn around and say, ultimately, that they're disappointed in me. Understandably. 

I skate my way through school. Always have. To be entirely honest, I've never pushed myself athletically, but I usually do well regardless. I resent myself for that. 

My dad grew up piss poor near the Mexican border in San Diego, spending most of his youth avoiding gangs and trouble in general. He kept his grades up and was athletic enough and worked hard enough to get scholarships to a college he otherwise wouldn't even dream of attending. From there, he was the USC football MVP for some years, worked and studied his ass off, and graduated. Landed a job with company x, did well, met my future mother there, and got married.

She grew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin, the first daughter and second child to a farmer and an accountant. She wasn't well off by any means, either, though was better off than my dad.  She graduated as salutatorian and became the first, and only of her generation, in her family to attend college, also like my dad. Did well in college, got job, met my future father, blah blah blah.

All I hear is how much smarter I am than they were. How much stronger. How much faster. How much better off. Though, somehow, I'm not doing x amount better than them, or even as well as them. I'm doing worse, and I don't even have as much in my plate as they did, *and* I don't have to worry about my family's finances. I've told myself that I've got to change that; that I'll become a scholar-athlete. All that does is give me resolve for maybe a few weeks before I burn out from stress. 

I guess that it's somewhat reasonable, all in all. I have a minimum of ten hours a week on my school's wrestling team (another sport my father partook and excelled in) on top of an eight hour school day and four honors courses and the workload that comes with them. Yet classmates with similar schedules do so much better and have plenty of time left over. I can't remember the last time I did something for my own personal enjoyment.  

Every week is the same.

Wake up. School. Wrestling. Homework. Sleep.

Wake up. School. Wrestling. Homework. Sleep.

Wake up. School. Wrestling. Homework. Sleep.

Wake up. School. Wrestling. Homework. Sleep.

Wake up. School. Wrestling. Homework. Sleep.

Wake up. Wrestling tournament. Sleep.

Wake up. Homework. Sleep.

Repeat ad nauseum. 

I'm not even that crazy about wrestling. It was either that or football, and when I finally chose to break a football career of five years, my father wouldn't talk to me for three days. Now, even at 1-12, he's telling me that I'm doing so well. Sure. He puts more energy into my wrestling than he does in anything else. Making healthy meals to help me cut weight, going over technique, driving my sorry ass to tournaments at five in the morning only to come home with a few more 'L's. Always, it's not my fault to him. Sometimes he has valid points. Usually not.

Even my coaches, Texas state champions and Iowa University wrestlers, echo on that motif of not meeting my potential. I hardly know them and they hardly know me, yet they has said things that have kept me awake for days. 

It's not restricted to athletics either. I almost invariably test well yet fuck up on the little things. Homework is missing or incomplete. Forgot details A, B, and C. Again, people pick up on it. Teachers this time. Coincidentally, the one most in tune with this whole situation is, in terms of character, almost identical to my father. Former wrestler/football player who worked themselves out of shit holes, both personalities larger than life with a crude sense of humor. 

I'm a dud, a wasted opportunity.

I've heard them say it. Some behind my back and others to my face.

I have a razor blade in my drawer next to me. 