Pros and cons of killing myself.Pros. 
I won't have to suffer anymore, I am diagnosed with bipolar type 2, double depression and borderline personality disorder. All these make living life day-to-day a nightmare. 

I'll stop hurting others. And I don't think it's possible for me to be in a relationship which makes me feel really lonely. I feel like I'm terrible in relationships. My boyfriend said he doesn't love me anymore and I blame that on my instability. 

I'm a veteran and sometimes it feels like the VA Crisis Line doesn't care either. I've been put on hold by them before for up to 15 minutes. Also it takes me months to book an appointment at a VA facility so if I need help it's really hard to receive. Also the psychiatrist that I have been seeing doesn't really listen to me I'll tell him about some of the side effects that I'm having and he'll just add another medication to the mix to solve that problem instead of maybe changing out the medication that caused the problem in the first place. 

I feel like my boyfriend and I are about to break up soon and I only have one other friend in this fucking city. My boyfriend is my best friend so if I lose him I wouldn't know who to turn to since I feel like I annoy my other friend sometimes when I talk to her. She'll listen but then sometimes she'll push me away, she says that I suffocate her. 

I don't have a job, I'm getting by on disability money and I feel useless. When I have a job though it usually stresses me out so much like for example I have cut my wrist at works once just because one of my coworkers got mad at me. There's other times at other jobs I've had where I'll just have a break down on the job like once or twice a month. Other times where I've had to call in because my depression was just really bad or I was having a manic episode and my bosses and coworkers would get mad at me for missing a lot of shifts and they would have to cover my ass. 

And last but not least I just spend most days crying and wallowing in my sadness. If I'm not depressed then I'm either manic or so numb that nothing matters. 

Cons. 

My family which lives hundreds of miles away from me would probably be really hurt. I've known loved ones that have killed themselves and I don't want to cause them that pain. 

That's it... I don't really have any other reason to live. 