I feel like my entire existence is a burden and a failureThis might turn out to be a bit long so I'm sorry. 
I feel like I'm a burden to everyone, especially my family. I'm almost 30 and I haven't reached any of the goals I or my family set for myself. I depend on my Mom financially, I also live with her. On the side I work a shitty fast food job and I get embarrassed every time I have to talk about it or someone I know walks in, because I should've earned a degree and made something out of myself long ago and I haven't. I don't consider myself a stupid person, I just could never finish anything. It started in HS when I was diagnosed with depression, mainly because of watching my parents marriage go down the tubes and dealing with an emotionally and verbally abusive father who defined me by the grades I got. Coupled with the fact that I couldn't keep up in school due to my depression it made for a real shitty situation in which I was regularly told some pretty terrible shit that a child should never hear, especially from a parent. As a young adult I worked and I started school but never finished. As a result I don't think I've been truly happy for the last 8 or so years of my life because of this constant feeling of inadequacy.
I decided to go back to university a year ago and it actually made me happy and gave me purpose again. I was finally excited about something. Then, 2 months into the first semester in November of last year, my mom got a cancer diagnosis and everything went to shit again. I feel even worse for depending on her financially now. I go to therapy with her, try to console her whenever she is down (which happens a lot), and generally try to do things with her. I'm confronted with the sickness every single day of my life and see the effect chemo has on her which has taken a toll on me physically and emotionally. I get headaches every other day and my sleeping patterns are completely off, plus I feel anxious all the time. Combined with the fact that my uni is extremely competitive I feel overwhelmed and fear that I won't succeed and end up failing again at the only thing that could make me happy again and save me from feeling like such a burden. It would be hard under regular circumstances but in this situation it seems like it can't be done. I've really been putting in so much work over the past few months trying to take care of my mother the best I can and studying 6+ hours a day for weeks to prepare for exams. I've tried to talk to my parents about transferring to a less competitive university but that would mean not being able to commute and having to rent a room which is again more money that I don't have myself. My dad has made it clear that I won't get a single dime from him and my mom gets angry and lashes out at me when I bring it up, I know because she worries about her financial situation especially now that she's sick. Tonight she said I should probably just quit if I'm this lazy because after all I'd have to study at the other uni as well. I can't begin to explain how angry this made me because I literally studied my fucking ass off all the while taking care of her since November. I literally felt like breaking stuff and going off on her but I realized it's just resentment and I don't want to hurt her feelings at all. At the same time she is literally paying for my life and I feel like I don't have a right to be angry. I get anxious thinking about having to go back to school because I'm scared I won't pass and I want to transfer so badly...but if the money isn't there it's just not possible.

I don't know what to do. I feel like if I didn't exist everyone would have one less thing to worry about, especially money-wise. But I also know if I did something to myself it would destroy everyone. I feel trapped and hopeless and just want to vanish. It sounds stupid but sometimes I wish something horrible would happen to me out of nowhere so at least nobody could say that I did it myself. I don't know how to explain it but there's this feeling that I just don't belong on earth and am not supposed to be alive because I'm just not made for this. But I don't want to hurt my family.