I feel so alone, like no one cares about meI have felt depressed for quite a while although I don't know if I am truly depressed. I just feel like I am not wanted where I thought I was. Every girl I have ever liked has harshly rejected me in ways I thought weren't possible. I feel like people don't support me of approve of what I want to be, and who I am right now. I feel like no one has ever really cared about me. I am 15 and on the bus rides home I always look at that one girl who I like (she never notices) and I wonder "Why does she think I am not right for her". I always ask myself why does no one ever think I am worthy of being either in their friend groups or even to be with them. I always wonder what it is about me that people don't like. Am I too annoying? Am I too sad? Am I too ugly? Am I just that one person who just didn't fit anywhere? I had to switch between countless friends in middle school and I had to endure relentless bullying through out elementary. And now that I am a sophomore I feel like nothing has changed. I have considered suicide multiple times and used to cut. I stopped and I thought things got better. Then that one girl rejected me so hard, I just fell on my knees and couldn't get back up. My personality changed, my hobbies changed, I am more judgemental, and I feel more alone than ever. I don't know where these emotions are coming from, and I don't know who to talk to them about. I hate talking to counselors and teachers, and I hate talking to my parents. I felt like at least my parents would care, but then they just took everything I had ever had a passion for away after they knew I was suicidal for a brief time. I feel like that worsened my mood and now I just feel alone. I don't know what to do, and I wish I did. I wish I had that one person who I could just cuddle with and talk my feelings but I don't think that will ever happen. So now based on these feelings, I have only one question: who would care if I killed myself today. It already seems like no one cares, so what point is there to live for. Feeling lonely and sad, and having my hopes and dreams stripped from me is not how I want to feel or live. So what loss is there for others to have if I am just gone? I highly doubt anyone has "Secret" feelings for me. I highly doubt people will even notice I am gone. So why am I here? What purpose do i serve? And what will I lose when I am gone? 