I hate myself so much. I'm not sure if this is another low point or whatDepression is kicking my butt. I've been in a double depression for half a year. It's gotten so bad that I've almost lost my job due to call-ins. I lost a great opportunity. I was told I should be hospitalized by a doctor. Another doctor is very worried about me and wants to see me more often to check my mood. I was going to therapy but stopped because they would always derail when I was trying to talk about something I found important (alcohol/substance abuse) and talk about what they want to talk about. My therapist emailed me recently saying it's been a while and asked how I'm doing. I don't intend to go back though. 

I'm taking another antidepressant and it hasn't alleviated any symptoms yet. Still can't sleep. Still feel hopeless, despair, numb, etc. I've developed bad coping skills to deal with the depression such as binge drinking and cutting. I binge drink once a week, I cut nearly every day. Both activities don't bring any enjoyment whatsoever, they just make me feel numb and guilty. Nothing brings any sort of happiness. I'm stuck in hell.


I just cut back my hours at my job. I'm only working 2 days a week (24 hours) vs 3 (36 hours). I just can't handle full-time work anymore. I'm fucking miserable and my work has been suffering as well. I'm useless and just fuck up.


If I was living by myself, I would be cutting 2 or 3 times a day and drinking more. I guess it's good that I'm not alone. I've put my parent's gun to my head to see how it feels. I've had urges to overdose on meds (but they're not lethal so there's no point). I want to cut deeper but then I'd have to get stitches, and people would discover my dirty secret. I would certainly be hospitalized then. 


Today I took a double dose of Zzzquil and 50mg hydroxyzine after sleeping a whopping 4 hours last night. I only managed to sleep from 11am-2pm. I wish I could sleep the days away. I dread every new day and feel despair as soon as I open my eyes in the morning.


I don't feel too bad about missing my opportunity and being in limbo anymore, because this damn virus has put society as a whole in limbo. But I still feel worthless. I feel like a burden and a waste of space. I'm doing things to "help myself", but only because I have to. I wish I had the courage to end it all. I hate this world and I hate myself, and I don't want to be around to deal with anything anymore. People are better off without me. I've seen how my friends are with their other friends - they can manage without me. My brother has his kids, my parents have each other. I'm just a pest. I feel so guilty and ashamed for being alive. I deserve to be punished, hence the drinking and cutting. Therapy hasn't helped. Meds haven't helped. The next step is augmenting antidepressants or ECT, both ideas are horrible to me and not worth the delusion of happiness. It's better for everyone if I just was out of their lives. They say I'm a good friend and they just want me to be happy, but that only makes me feel worse. Why do they have to waste their time and energy worrying about someone like me? 


I just wish I had the strength to take that step and attempt suicide. I did attempt a few months ago - but stopped it right before I could truly hurt myself. I'm such a damn coward. But if I'm going to attempt, I want to do it right. No cry for help, no chance of being "rescued". I want to die properly.