Here’s my rant about being miserable and depressed. It helps to write it out even if it makes me cry more.Basically everyone but my boyfriend and parents think I’m pretty much fine including my professors/school/friends. My boyfriend knows I’m extremely depressed and suicidal and my parents know “I’m as bad as I was when I was 15/16” which implies the same. My therapist probably knows I’m suicidal but I promised myself years ago when it was this bad before I’d never go to a mental hospital again voluntarily because it’s extremely traumatic for me. I stopped seeing her because I don’t want her to involuntarily commit me. Specifically going between now and early January is an “over my dead body” type option because I’ve been procrastinating grad school applications and need to finish them all by early January. 

Going to the mental hospital literally rips away my support system and coping mechanisms completely such as talking to my boyfriend, going on Reddit, playing video games, listening to people on discord, sleeping as much as I want, eating food I like, etc. The hospital also makes it so I might not be able to graduate from college on time or get bad grades which would mean I’d have to reapply to graduate programs which would be enough to make me actually do it.

I’m a good student and have a 3.8 and a 3.82 in my major which is great. I have a really competitive internship in my field of study lined up for the spring in addition to my prior related work experience. I love my field and feel like I’m actually helping people. My professors love me and almost all of them are willing to give me a letter of recommendation for grad school which is great. The problem is no one would fucking believe that I’m constantly suicidal and taking a semester off isn’t an option. 

I have a disability hearing or whatever it’s called in March. I’m scared it’s going to come out that I’m very suicidal and I’ll be sent off to the hospital again. Like I’m in a catch 22: be re-traumatized and potentially have to go to the hospital again and not graduate on time or have them not understand the gravity of the situation. 

The guy who’s the judge clearly doesn’t get mental health stuff in my opinion based on previous times I’ve talked with him. It’s like either go full NEET, be hospitalized, not regulate myself and they take me seriously or try to make a future for myself and be less suicidal and they don’t take me seriously at all. Being able to hold down easy 15 credits of coursework that requires maybe 2 hours of work a day and 10 hrs a week internship isn’t the same as being able to hold down a 40+ hour a week job!!!! 

My boyfriend is fucking incredible and the most supportive person aside from my parents I’ve ever met. I can’t imagine life without him. The problem is I feel so utterly inadequate because he has a physical disability that makes it so I have to do a lot of the chores like taking out the trash, doing dishes, etc. yet I have fucking meltdowns that I can’t control like crying fits if I’m asked to do almost anything most of the time. I get so short with him and lose it over tint stuff because I’m so constantly miserable. It’s not intentional at all and I love him so much and do my best to be supportive of him. I’m so afraid of losing him yet I can’t fucking control myself. He can work and stuff thankfully at least and works in a well paying industry that he is really talented at. 

I’ve probably gained 100 lbs in 3 years easily from depression eating. I went from pretty toned, hourglass shape, lifting weights 4x a week and walking tons around 140lbs at 5’4 and about a size 6-8 to now maybe a size 2-3x and 250 lbs. I’m covered in unappealing stretch marks. I haven’t brushed my hair in a month or two so it’s extremely tangled and knotted. I struggle to brush my teeth. I wear dirty clothes for weeks at a time. I shower maybe once every three weeks. I wish I was kidding. I have very little interest in sex or anything like that but I try to at least once a week initiate something with my boyfriend because I don’t want him to leave me. He basically says it’s not necessary to do this but I just don’t want him to leave me. 

I have a lot of weed because I’m in a legal state temporarily and it’s one of the only things that helps. I don’t take other medication because since covid I literally can’t remember to especially not twice a day. Also the old medication made me have shitty side effects like being difficult to orgasm, sleep 20 hrs a day, made me extremely nauseous, and didn’t really help that much with my mood. I’ve tried basically every medication in the book. I have a really weird case and rarely get concrete diagnoses. I think I have bipolar and borderline personality disorder if I had to guess after being a former psych major for a while plus the diagnosis I’ve heard from former psychiatrists. But I’ve also been encouraged to be tested for autism by a psychiatrist which I also think could explain a ton.

That’s basically how I’ve been doing. It kinda helped a little to write out my feelings so thank you for having this subreddit. I understand if no one responds but thank you if you do.