Sexually Abused, Raped, Psychologically TorturedAnyone Else Blackmailed, Brainwashed, Manipulated? Help me. I’ve felt suicidal before but I’m feeling a different kind of way today. Please, please, help me. Please.

Most abusers try to normalize and desensitize us to abuse while blurring concepts to leave the us confused and afraid to seek help. I was afraid to seek help because I was convinced by my abusers that I would be in trouble because they exposed me to child pornography. This made it difficult to see myself as a victim. Over the years I realized I was 11. My therapist confirmed this didn’t make me a pedophile and the circumstances of my abuse would certainly, without a shadow of a doubt exonerate me from any and all charges my abusers led me to believe I would suffer. They catfished me by pretending to be a woman, they also pretended to be kids my age online. I tried to kill myself to escape the feeling that I was dirty, broken and wrong. It never occurred to me that I was a literal child. I didn’t realize that my self-awareness and visceral cringing at what I saw means I’m not what they are. It’s not my fault I was groomed and blackmailed. It’s not my fault I was raped. It’s not my fault I was molested. It’s not my fault I was drugged. It’s not my fault I was emotionally, psychologically, physically and sexually abused. It’s not my fault I was trafficked. I went for several years fearing I was on a list or going to jail for what I saw. It wasn’t until I told my therapist what happened at 23 that I realized I was a child. I never had anyone to tell so I was silent about my abuse. I realized that there are tens of thousands of boys and girls who were exposed to child pornography like me. Like me, they were either victims of exposure or were forced into producing or featuring in content of themselves. I was so young. I was broken. Molestation. Rape. Drugging. Beating. Online abuse. Attempted suicide. Blacked out and woke up with wrists slit. Fuck. I don’t know how I’m alive, but I’m done suffering. I’m done feeling guilty. What I was taught, shown and experienced is not my fault. My circumstances are exonerating as I am a victim of CSA and online grooming. I suffered one of the most graphic clusters of trauma to my knowledge where I’m from. I can’t believe I blamed myself for seeing what I was taught to see and didn’t want to. I vomited when my abuse started. I became male-bulimic at one point. I was violently ill. I only realized my abuse was so severe and my circumstances were exonerating when I finally opened up about my abuse to my therapist. I was so afraid to tell anyone because of mandatory reporting. I wondered if I really would be in trouble. I was terrified. As a child, I remember Interacting with dozens of other boys and girls who were lured, extorted for images, shown child pornography and blackmailed to prevent us from leaving. Fuck. I would slice the dick off whoever did this to me. If I were ever knew I was in the room with the person who introduced me to this abuse, I might need to be restrained to keep from beating them unconscious. Listen to me clearly, there are tens of thousands of young boys and girls who were targeted through direct messages with deceptive links to illegal chatrooms from profiles appearing to be by women and children their own age. There are so many of us that there probably needs to be a government-sponsored therapy program to help us with what we saw. The abuse was systematic. It seemed to be orchestrated by a loose and vast network of pedophiles. Fuck.

Since starting therapy I was able to turn one person in and had the honor of relating my story and perspective to the campaigning DA. I also ran a baiting and scare campaign to deter pedophiles off of the platform that I was groomed on.