Differentiating between my own suicidal thoughts and those that might be caused by medication?Not sure if this is the right place to post this or not. Basically, a month ago I talked to my primary care doctor about my depression feeling worse the last few months. We decided to try increasing the dose on one of my medications to see if that would help. I then proceeded to have a very rough month (like, a month where rough things happened, not just a month where the depression was worse).

I've noticed that I've had a lot more suicidal thoughts than usual for me this month. Unfortunately, that is often what happens when I am having a rough time. I'm not really 'in crisis' exactly, not mentally writing out a suicide note or looking into buying a gun, but the thoughts have been frequent enough and serious enough that I am alarmed, despite having a long history of suicidal thoughts without any attempts.

What I'm not sure about is whether or not this is "just" because I've had a rough month on top of being in a definite down-cycle, or if this is that side effect of anti-depressants I've always heard about, but never experienced before. (that they can cause an increase in suicidal thoughts)

Basically, I'm not sure if I should talk to my doctor about it or not. If she were a shrink, I would, but since she's just my primary care doctor, and since I don't have a history of acting on suicidal thoughts, I'm not sure if it's worth the risk of informing her. I don't want to end up on suicide watch at the hospital. On the other hand, I don't really feel any less depressed *and* there's been an increase in suicidal thoughts, so I feel like I need to change medications, rather than just have the dose increased. My concern is that if I *don't* mention the suicidal thoughts, she'll tell me to give it another month, since it can take a while for the meds to reach full effect. Normally that'd be fine, but I'm on Medicaid, and I made more money this year, so now that I've filed taxes, I'm pretty sure I'm about to have to change insurance plans, which based on my experience last time will probably take 1-3 months before I can make appointments again. (before anyone suggests that I see a shrink - this is why I haven't tried to make an appointment with one already)

I hate that I can't trust my own feelings. It's hard enough trying to figure out where to draw the line between "me" and "depression" without also adding in "medication side-effects" as a third factor. Any advice is appreciated. My follow-up appointment is on Thursday.