I'm not going to think up a melodramatic line. Read this anyways.I feel like a goddamn fixture in this joint.

Maybe it's therapeutic. God knows I need the therapy, in pretty much any form I can find. Maybe it's just shameless attention whoring. I'm not going to lie, it's kind of cool to labor under the illusion that someone on this shitty rock cares about you for a few hours. Then of course I remember that it's just reddit and nobody hear really knows anything about me, and I can curl back up into the warm comfort of my eternal self-loathing and despair.

Don't let me stop you, of course; when you say nice things about me, both of us feel better. You probably moreso than me. Just understand that I'm going to believe you for all of a fraction of a happy second, and then go back to being convinced that the universe would be vastly improved after my removal from it.

A few days ago I was in here raving up a storm about all kinds of things. That's mania for you. To be frank, I only posted that because I knew that this time was coming. I knew that the high would pass and leave in its wake the utter despondency and misery of depression. It always happens this way.

I wanted to get back in the habit of lurking around SW, because I knew that sooner or later the piper would come round with his smartly printed invoice, and demand his due. Well... bitch didn't just come for the rent money, bitch brought the pimp and the posse. I used to think the Mafia had some great lien-less collection methods (kneecapping comes to mind) but this crowd could make Jesus happily proclaim to be an atheist.

In short... I find myself back in the place I've visited so many times before. Back in that delectable little spot that subsumes all light and hope in a way that "black" just can't begin to describe. My trusty Buck knife is waiting for me across the room, begging in a sensuous sort of way to reignite our old passions and spill that blood just one more time. And in all fairness, the scars _are_ starting to fade a bit... and I wouldn't want them to get lonely.

Knives are for amateurs, though. Why lay around in a puddle of your own neglect and hatred, waiting for someone to inevitably notice and call 911? Why give fate the chance to fuck you over one last time, and deprive you of the one thing that would satisfy?

I believe in doing things once, and doing them right. Don't leave room for questions or mistakes or second thoughts.

All I really want to know is whether or not I'd have the chance to see the flash, hear the sound, feel the rapid exit of brain from cranium as the bullet wends its oblivious way into the wall behind me. I'd be rather disappointed if the lights just went out with no fanfare.

My only regret would be that I wouldn't live long enough to really absorb the understanding of what it means to be dead.

There's a practical dilemma, of course, and that is not so much the selection of the _type_ of tool, but which _particular_ one. My 9mm pistol is a beautiful piece of art and would make a very ergonomic (albeit somewhat cliche) means of settling matters. But I certainly don't want to neglect the assault rifle, either; it's an elegant and powerful creation all its own, and bears more than a little sentimental value.

My most difficult choice right now involves determining which of my weapons I want to disappoint by _not_ choosing it to silence the maelstrom of agony. Too bad I'm not coordinated enough to shoot myself with both at the same time.

You're already preparing the same trite old response that gets recycled like so much newspaper around here. Don't do it. There's good in the world, stuff that's worth living for. It would hurt too many people, more than one might imagine. Taking yourself from this realm would constitute a tragic loss for us all.

Bullshit.

I'm a gangrenous limb. Better to be amputated and save the innocent remainder of the body from inevitable death by infection than to prolong the agony and pain over a little bit of sentimental attachment. Cauterization is ugly, but ultimately it spares that which remains from a fate worse than a scar.

If there really is good in the world, keep it for yourselves. At least that way someone will be able to enjoy it. I'm beyond that. In the rare cases when something good has been within my grasp, I've stopped at nothing to banish it from my presence with as much haste and hate as I can muster.

I'm in the final stages of negotiation for a new job. Double the salary, ridiculous benefits, vastly improved career prospects. I have good friends, good people. A family. Nice car. Own a house. No outstanding debt (aside from the mortgage) and no substantial criminal record. Nothing to run from, nothing to bury and hope to never revisit. By most standards, I'm pretty successful.

It's wasted.

I hate all of it, I resent everyone, and the few people crazy or genuinely decent enough to get involved in my life are inevitably told to go die in a fire, because I'm terrified of anyone actually caring about me. Such a delicious contradiction... the only thing I want is to feel like I matter to someone, and yet I'll stop at nothing to make myself as onerous and hateful as I can. I refuse to let anyone provide the one thing that would do me any good.

I crave the involvement of the perfect woman, someone to be strong for me when I cannot be strong for myself, to care and listen and advise and just exist when those things are necessary. I ache for someone I can cherish for her inner and outer beauty, for all the things that make us so perfect and imperfect and irredeemable and invaluable as human beings. And I am terrified for the inescapable moment when I would lie awake at night, arms around her, smelling the hint of recently visited surf on her midnight hair, look into those eyes like pine needles through morning fog... and hate her for loving me.

I'm beyond help, beyond hope, and I want to be told that I am wrong so I can laugh at your hollow consolation and retreat ever further into the certainty of my worthlessness.

I will captivate and exploit every precious second of your attention that I possibly can, by weaving words in the only way I know how, and I will loathe you for listening to my pretentious drivel. I will spend hours polishing every last turn of phrase so I can detest you for being impressed by my oratory. I will spill out every drop of my soul onto the unfeeling tarmac and mock you for empathetically trying to turn the stains back into a person who once was whole.

I will post a litany of disgusting prose to SuicideWatch, and I will reject and deflect every response I get, knowing that every best attempt at helping me will serve only to make me more convinced that I am beyond any help.

And I will secretly hope that none of that will stop you.

Because I will secretly hope that one of you will find it in you to stop me.