There’s always hopeThis is my story. I’m a 15 year old girl and I’m a freshmen in high school. My parents are great but they were pretty disconnected from my feelings. My older brother is 20 and moved to California, I live in NY. He didn’t know I had depression and he didn’t  know I wanted to die. I didn’t  want him to worry about me, it feels like when people find out I have depression their whole mood shifts. They start to baby me and ask if I’m ok, it would honestly help if they just treated me like a normal human. 

At school I’m known as the quiet weird kid who sits in the back. I was always depressed ever since 5th grade. I loved art and I was even asked by my school to paint a mural on one of the back walls. I took me probably 2 month to finish it. I was so proud, It was a big eagle (that’s our school mascot thing). A week later I told one of my “friends” that I was gay and had depression. She then went on to tell the school about it. A few days later I walked into school and in the corner of my eye I saw that in big black spray paint someone wrote “sad fag” right over my mural. That’s when I gave up. I had no friends, I gave up on art, I was bullied, and thought about killing myself. I looked at myself in the mirror while holding a bottle of pills. I couldn’t do it I started crying. 

It’s been 2 months since that happened and things are looking up. I met a girl called Maddy and she’s helped me a lot. She’s also gay and struggled with depression. She’s told me about her problems and how she coped with it. I still get sad. Now I call her and she helps me through it. I also came out to my family and they’re very supportive. My brother even came to visit for my birthday and we bonded a lot. My family also knows about my depression now and they help me a lot. I never thought I’d say this but I’m actually pretty happy.

I also work for my schools suicide hotline and help younger kids. I share my story with them and just be their to listen to them. I look back at how sad I was and think about what would’ve happened if I took those pills. All I can say is I’m glad I didn’t.