I don’t want to die but this pain won’t go away.Long story short(ish)...

November - New guy started at work. Used to moan about his girlfriend in the workplace and seemed pretty miserable. 

March - We got along and despite neither of us being single, we fell for each other. 

April/May/June onwards - Mental health issues arose due to treatment at work and the situation at hand (not wanting to hurt our other halves, feeling stuck etc.). 

July - I lost someone who meant so much to me and my boyfriend. My depression worsened. 

October - He split with his other half, he stayed at their place and she moved to her parents. I felt a lot of pressure to do the same as him. But I wasn’t ready for the change. My depression worsened. Lots of ups and downs with the work guy followed over the next few months because I was still in a relationship... 

April - I split with my boyfriend. Work guy was still single, he said he hasn’t seen his ex since she left. We still talked back and forth daily, still loving each other. 

May - Turns out he was lying to and hiding things from me. She was there multiple times with him during lockdown. She had moved back in and they were back together. 

June - I could finally see work guy due to the lockdown restrictions being raised. We talked and he later split with his girlfriend again. I forgave him for the lies and gave him another chance. We started to talk about us starting a relationship, a future. 

July - We saw each other a lot more, more talks about relationship and future. I felt like we were finally moving forward. I was happier and felt better mentally. 

August - We continued seeing each other, even getting more serious. Had this horrible gut feeling one day that he was actually going out with her when he said he was going out with friends. Gut feeling was true. He apologised and said it wouldn’t happen again. Said he wanted to be with me and they were just friends. 

On our next date following that - he told me how he would be looking into moving out so we could be together (as it would be wrong to stay there with her during). Gut feeling came back and I confronted him about her. Turns out they had been back together a couple of weeks already and his mind was made up on this, despite playing along during the chats about him moving out and our future. And in the weeks since he has been back with his ex, things had happened between us - physically too, which broke me. I told him I was going to tell his ex, so he went home and did it himself. 

I haven’t seen him since. He says he can’t lose the house and the cat (that are hers). He says if he sees me again that he will lose everything. He tells me he loves me but doesn’t want to be with me because his life is with her. His family and friends are her family and friends as he moved here with none. But when they split her friends and family all cut him out etc. so it doesn’t feel like his life? 

I’ve been preparing for this future with him for months since I’ve been single, being patient with him because of his own mental health, wanting to take things slow. For both our sakes, so we didn’t lose each other because we met and fell in love at the wrong time. But it has been months and he has just gone back to the place where he started and was miserable at that. 

When he said he had to cut me off, I reacted impulsively (big mistake) and sent a text to him which I regret (basically slagging him off, praising my ex, saying I felt used and like a rebound). I’ve apologised for this endlessly since because I am sorry for it and I do still love him. But now he only seems to be focusing on that text rather than all my other loving messages. 

I’ve just had a pain for weeks now that will not go away. I keep feeling hopeful that he will change his mind but it doesn’t seem to be working. Whenever that realisation hits, the pain hurts more. I can’t lose this guy because of how much I love him but at the same time I can’t see him be back with her doing all the things he promised me for our future together. He still says he loves me but can’t be with me. I love him and I know we’ve both wronged each other and I deserve better than the treatment I have received, but I honestly do forgive him and can’t see a future without him. 

So this post isn’t as short as I intended for it to be but it could have been a lot longer - apologies. No one will probably read this but I’m out of ideas in terms of how to feel less? It seems to be getting worse. What am I supposed to do when losing him isn’t an option? Guess there is always dying...