i don't knowI just wish I had the capacity to put into words exactly whats in my head. It makes so much sense to me but I cannot fix it. It is sense and total nonsense combined. I just can't handle life and I'm genuinely not meant to be on this earth. I don't know where I'm meant to be but perhaps I'd be quite happy in a place where I could find answers or a universe where understanding would be normal for me. I want to understand. I really want to understand so badly and I want to be able to accept but I can't and it's completely tearing me up inside. I feel like I'm so sick and I think about it so much that it ends up coming real. But I can't stop thinking, please tell me how can I stop making myself sick doctor? Is it my brain? Am I faulty, too much to be fixed? I don't know. I just can't stop crying because when I'm alone I watch the bars to my own prison tighten before my eyes and it terrifies me because I have no idea when I arrived at this prison. When did these bars get so close and tight? When did you start carrying this prison around with you? I'm asking myself all these questions that I can't answer but I'm too scared to ask anyone else. I ask my doctor and she looks at me funny and stutters her words because she can't take me seriously. I haven't told her yet that I feel like I'm being watched or that maybe there are ghosts who follow me around, judging everything I say and do. At night time I get to listen to all these ghosts talk about me and the stupid things I did that day and five years ago and ten years ago and no matter how much I try and scream they always overpower me. Will I learn acceptance if I finally accept what the ghosts say about me? That I am who they say I am. I can't. I can't accept it. I'm so incapable of accepting death to the point where killing myself seems like the only option. Just dive straight in at the deep end, the best way to tackle your fears is to force yourself, take that plunge. The irony, I just don't understand it all. I don't want to die but I'm so confused that killing myself would be so much easier. I don't know how much more I can take. I just don't understand so I'm just going to bite my arms because the purple bruising that surfaces my skin looks just like the beautiful space above us and reminds me that no one understand space and what it even is or where we even are and no one gives a shit. I want to be in space where its acceptable to not be understood or not to have answers. I don't want to kill myself I just want to be free