been a rough year and I don't think I can make it anotherI want to preface this with written on mobile blah blah and I can't stop crying so I apologize for grammar.

It's been a long time since I've actually considered killing myself but after the last year, I truly want to die.

I moved to another state for a short time with my wife to room with someone we thought was a very good friend...she turned out to have borderline and I became the villain in her mind no matter what I did. I paid for everything we had and still I was awful. I was the only one with a job, my wife can't work, and she lied about the money she had saved and quit her job without telling us. My car broke down and I was late to work so they fired me...she decided that was the perfect excuse to move in with a guy she'd known 2 months and dated 2 weeks and just abandoned us. We had to scrape up enough to fix my car and plan to move back in less than a week. 

We moved back with my mother...she had a friend living with her who happens to be mentally ill as well and had stopped taking his medication and, once again, I was the villain in someone's eyes. I was "plotting against him and changing the search engines and whispering into the vents that he should kill himself!" I've never done anything like that in my life. I've always suffered from depression so I try to not put anymore pain in the world if I can help it so that all really hurt. 

He's moved out but then I had to get another job to help my mom out and get a new car. I got a job that paid pretty well but my coworkers became more volatile and passive aggressive the longer I worked there until my manager just began berating me every hour. The things she would say to me, when I confided in others would tell me were absolutely disgusting so I know it wasn't all in my head.  I had to quit to get back on medication for my own health.

I had some money saved so now I'm taking a bit of time to recoupand lick my wounds but now my wife sleeps 20/7 so I barely see her...she's been remembering some things from her childhood that caused the ptsd she has and so I understand she's going through a lot but I recently found she stole my medication, a lot of it of which I can barely afford right now and then she lied to me and made me feel crazy and now I'm so hurt I don't even know what to do about all of that. 

My wife was the best thing in my life but she's never there anymore and when she is, now I just feel this constant pain in my chest because my trust in her has been totally rattled.

I'm just a burden on my mom. 

 I feel so alone and like there's nothing left.

I don't have the energy do the things I love or even the things I like and Ijust don't want to be here anymore. All I think about lately is what kind of preparations I should make.