My life has fallen apart again and I have no more strength left in meGrowing up in my family was torture. My father had something wrong with him mentally and, while he has never been diagnosed, his hate and abuse has destroyed my mother and I. She's managed it much better than I, but this is all I've ever known. My parents had me very late in life, I'm 19 now and my dad is 78. My mom is significantly younger. About 8 years ago, he suffered a catastrophic medical event that put him in and out of the hospital for about a year. For 2 years after that he required constant care. My life went on hold. He will never recover, though he has become more self sufficient. When this happened he started growing infinitely more volatile and vicious. It's been constant fighting and hate ever since. I couldn't leave because I couldn't let my mom deal with this alone. We have *no one* but each other. It got so bad that he essentially kicked her out last year and she was gone for three months. I tried to manage him while working full time but couldn't handle it so I quit my job. She had to come back because I just couldn't do it. We still fought. Yesterday everything blew up again. They were fighting and in short my dad, who bearing in mind is a frail elderly man,  beat the everloving shit out of my mother. I heard and came out to find her knocked out on the floor. I thought he killed her. I kept him away from her and got her up, at which point the police were called. He started telling me that *she* was hitting him and then she did that to herself. This was very obviously a lie, considering the fact that he was fine and his knuckles were almost bloody. We called the police, and my mom was taken to the hospital. My dad told this lie to the police, and that coupled with his medical situation ended up in nothing happening. Now my mother is getting a divorce and an order of separation. We're going to have to stay in a hotel in the meanwhile. I don't know what's going to happen to my dad. I still care about him on some level. He will sit in the same spot until he dies if he's alone. I don't know how my mom's going to survive. We're flat broke. I hate this life, I hate being alive. I've wanted to die for years and the **only** reason I haven't is because it would ruin my mom. Nothing in my life goes right, everything I do ends in failure and that's not exaggeration. I'm so fucking tired and I can't fight anymore and all I want to do is put a fucking gun to my head and be nothing, forever. I have the ability, it's the only thing I want, but I still feel like I can't because of what it would do to her and I am so trapped that all I can do is sit and stare. I'm exhausted. I'm done.