My mom wants me on medication NOW. And my dad wants me to smoke pot with him instead. I don't know what to do.I was trying to show my mom a video I made and she noticed that I was moving my legs under the table again...my psychiatrist told her that my fidgeting is due in part to my anxiety so I turned off the video and tried simply talking to her and I was talking incredibly fast and my heart was racing and I was speaking like seventy five words a minute as she told me I was having a manic episode...I told her "yeah, I thought I had bipolar because I took an online test that said I exhibited the symptoms of Bipolar I but Dad said I didn't have bipolar...then she started moving her legs the same way I was to prove a point and kept asking me "is it offensive when I did it to you" and I got mad but I wasn't yelling at her, I said to her over and over again "mom, you're mocking me." and when she told me that she wasn't I said, nearly in tears, "mom, you're freaking mocking me. I know you hate it when I mock you but you're mocking me."

It ended with her apologizing for mocking me, we hugged it out and she's in bed now.

My legs were moving, I was speaking like 75 words a minute and my heart was racing, and when I wasn't speaking I was shaking really bad.

If i were to start taking medication i have to go to get a blood test every three months to check for liver problems. I have seriously bad trypanophobia, i can't even THINK about needles without freaking out, so i don't know what i want to do. My mom asked me if drawing blood was the only thing stopping me from taking medication and i said yes. She asked me "So you would rather not take medication and suffer than do a blood test once every three months?"

That's what it's looking like for me. She told me that "things continue and you refuse to take medication we have to find a plan B." I have a plan B. My dad wants me to smoke pot with him, and i've actually done it a couple of times. But he tells me i'm not allowed to tell my mom because since my moms a nurse and will be totally against it.

So i only have two options: I have to either take medication, or i have to man up, be the adult i say i am and tell my mom that i want to smoke weed with my dad. I'm stuck in the middle and i don't know what to do.