What do I do? I'm out of options.I've had to tell 'my story' many times, so I want to keep this brief. I was diagnosed with depression when I was 8. It's 10 years later, it's gradually gotten worse and worse. I would say I've mostly wanted to die for years, but now I'm seriously considering it.

I have no life left in me. I've always been anxious as hell, and struggled really badly socially. School was hell. As a result of illness and anxiety I developed Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. Had to leave school half a year and didn't get any qualifications, had terrible attendance and couldn't keep up with the work. (Which means no job options, no 6th form college.) I just couldn't go in most days, I was so tired and so anxious. I felt like I was going to suffocate there, and they all hated me. Even the teachers, they didn't understand I was ill.

After I left I spent **18 months** isolated, my old 'friends' wanted nothing to do with me. All thought I faked being ill to get out of school. I had *no one.* 

My anxiety got so bad I couldn't leave the house often for weeks, even months at a time. I eventually made plans to go to music college. Months later I somehow got my shit together and started the year. It was not easy. I put in every last drop of motivation and energy, I was exhausted. And this was just to socialize and make the 45 minute journey there everyday. 3 months in I get fucked over again and get tendonitis, from working too hard.

I finished the course, barely. But my wrist has not improved (nearly a year of tendonitis), 2nd year starts in 2 days. I can't do it again. Barely making it through exams, not practising while dealing with severe pain in my wrist and arm. I just can't. It's a waste of money. So I'm going to have to tell them I'm not taking up my place. All my work is gone. My career hopes as a musician are dead. I'll have to say goodbye to all my friends, it was so hard to make friends. I'm not close to anyone, but I got by. Playing guitar was my only outlet, it got me through those 18 months. It was all going to pay off because I could play music. Now I have nothing left I nearly cry just thinking about it everyday. Staring at my guitar on the wall, I had a future. I was one of the best on the course.

So I'm now facing a year alone in my bedroom again, more depressed than ever, frustrated and angry again. I've tried so hard but it's just not going to work out for me. I have no education or future. I just want it to end. 

4/5 years ago I took too many Prozac (and since decided never to try medication again.) I don't remember the dose, I was meant to take one a day and  oncetook 5. I just wanted something to happen, someone to know the pain I was in. I was kind of shaky for a week and it died down. I never told anyone I did it. Now I'm thinking, fuck? What if I really messed something up in my head or my body?

I don't need emotional support. I need a plan. And no one can tell me what I'm meant to do. No doctor, therapist, friend or relative has a clue. Because there is no solution, and so I'm just left weighing up the merits of suicide.
