Can't function anymore. Want to jump off of a carpark.I live in London. 

My life has been a nightmare from start to finish.

I have Body Dysmorphia, Depression, Contamination OCD, CPTSD and possible Avoidant Personality Disorder. 

Because of my OCD going into hospital isn't an option for me as I've been there before and found it very distressing as all of the facilities are shared and filthy. 

I've been bullied throughout most of my life.

Severely socially isolated.

I'm currently 22 and have no friends at all. Haven't spoken to someone my age in over a year.

Grew up in a dysfunctional, abusive family.

My mum kicked me out in 2016 because I kept on making suicide attempts and forced me to live with my dad who is an ex domestic abuser and still has abusive tendencies.

He has extremely poor hygiene standards which aggrevates my contamination OCD. As a result of that I've never cooked in or used the kitchen the entire time I've lived here. I occasionally use the oven and have been surviving on takeout and going out to buy microwave meals. 

Thanks to the virus I am now currently starving to death. I'm extremely paranoid about everything and won't order food because of fear of being infected or infecting others, although I have no symptoms. I have no where to store food meaning that unless I leave the house each day to go out and buy food I don't eat. 

I've been desperately trying to get out of my dad's place but because of my OCD and everything slowly being shut down I feel very stuck. Most places I look at I think are dirty unless they look brand new. It's incredibly frustrating and difficult. I also can't share facilities. Going to a laundrette at this moment in time seems uncertain. 

I have no family or friends I can stay with. 

My depression is getting bad to the point that I can no longer function or look after myself.

I didn't eat anything yesterday. I feel too anxious and depressed to do anything. Nothing in my head is making any sense. I'm trying to arrange viewings for apartments but it's difficult with how everything is right now. A lot of places don't want people to view because of the virus. I don't even know how or when I'll be able to get furniture with how everything is going. 

I have no idea what I'm doing with my life and where I choose to live will greatly dictate how the rest of my life goes. The local government is helping me to pay rent and deposit somewhere because I have no money but they're forcing me to choose a minimum of a 12 month contract meaning I'll have to stay wherever I desperately find right now, for a year.

I have even more problems on top of that including health issues. 

It would be so much more easier for me to die.