God help me.I've done every drug there is and and more (DPT, 2c-I, etc.), always taking it to the max. Rolling over 150 times, not to mention the number of ecstasy tablets I've eaten, overdosed to near death on DPT (stories on erowid) shot cocaine as a late teen, gotten crazy high on you name it.
I've conquered many demons climbed the highest mountains but over the last three years a few of them have begun to get the best of me. I forward projection in life began to slip with snorting black tar Heroin. Xanax, and now it's Meth. 

I've done meth before. It's never been an interest of mine. But I reconnected with an old friend when things were starting to turn around after my Heroin and Xanax escapade. He's always been in an out of prison with his lifelong meth addiction that stemmed from his ecstasy addiction/dependency. 

At first I thought I I was handling the drug responsibly. Then as time goes on I noticed that I'm smoking and snorting more of this drug than I wanted to. Then binges began. It really threw me for a spin, I experienced the whole Meth spectrum. Strong suicidal urges, paranoia, psychosis, delusions of my lover, ungrounded suspicions, voices, shadow people, anger, lying, stealing and intense shame. Now I'm seeing subtle negative physical changes that I simply cannot allow to continue happening. 
 
Other substances I've overcome have mostly been physical withdrawal symptoms but Meth is a force not to be reckoned with. This one is much more psychological than I've ever experienced. I have tried to quit, been a chronic relapser since I've noticed the prob from the start of this current dilemma. Which in total has been approximately a year and a half now. But I've made the decision that I'm committed to stopping this dangerous drug. It no longer serves me to work hard, fuck great or have fun. It's near stripping everything I love and hold dear from me if I fail. 

I need new friends and I have a local free recovery group about a 30 min drive away. I haven't been to it yet, but will when the boredom and cravings set in and my sick brain tries to talk myself into little reasons it'd be ok to just get a little. 

I'm fighting this battle alone as my best friend and lover of 8 years doesn't know the whole truth that I still am messing with this drug. I owe this woman my life. If it weren't for her I might be dead or just a shell of a man. 

God help me. 