Writing this out helped a little...I’ve been struggling a lot these days and I don’t know where else to vent except behind a keyboard because I’m too much of a coward to call or reach out to anyone who I consider close. I’m doing this purely to see if it helps to write it all down.

Last year I split with my wife of 3 years, we have two children together both still under 3. When it happened I was fine, I saw my kids at least 3 nights a week after work and every other weekend which was great. 

Why did we split? Variety of things... mostly my doing but then I don’t know if that’s me punishing myself, she says it’s all my fault anyway. Let’s see what you think. I didn’t do much house work, I lack empathy and sympathy (her words not mine) I was a carer when I was 18-22 and I’m pretty sure that takes empathy and sympathy but hey ho... you get the gist, we argued every night for 2 years straight. I wanted the separation and so did she but for the sake of context she dumped me. 

Now I feel I haven’t dealt with any of these emotions from the separation and now my ex is sleeping another guy and I can’t even function. I haven’t eaten a full meal in months. Hair loss and losing a lot of weight which isn’t really an issue as I was 260lbs so I got a lot of reserves before we hit critical. It’s not like I’m not hungry, I just go to the fridge and I just can’t be bothered or don’t fancy whatever’s in there. Either way, it’s never happened before in all 30 years of my life. 

Not only that but it’s had a knock on effect, I smoke weed every day (at night after work) when I don’t see or have the kids as it helps with the loneliness. And to be honest it’s the only time I don’t think about ending it all. And just because I say I’m thinking about ending it all, I want to you to know that my children always pop into my head and the thought is cancelled out within seconds... maybe there’s something in that I can use if it’s powerful enough to break such a negative thought like ending ones life. 

Never the less, this has destroyed me, I guess I didn’t think it would happen so quick. I can’t sleep, I can’t even think anything else, all day it’s just a constant thought of her with someone else.

I have a history of struggling to process emotional distress, I’ve no idea why. But when I think about it, her sleeping with someone isn’t even an issue... I would sleep with someone given the chance so what’s the issue? There isn’t one? 

Then why do I feel like I want to die? I’m not sure I even know why but I’ve thought about it every day for a long time now, even before finding this out, and I think I’m using her sleeping with another guy as an excuse for the way I feel, it’s kind of like she just added minstrels to a 2lt bottle of coke where the bottle was me keeping a lid on my emotions. I’ve lost my family. But then I haven’t lost them at all I have two wonderful children who I need to man up for. My ex is all for 50/50 custody which is an amazing thing so why can’t I feel happy? I personally know fathers who have fought years to see their kids but here mine are whenever I want to see them I can pop over. My ex even allows me to watch them in her house while she goes out etc so I don’t lose time seeing them driving to mine after work. 

I have an obsessive personality that ruins most relationships I’ve had and my marriage was no exception. I’ve learnt to use it to my advantage with regards to work, instruments, languages etc, it’s genuinely a double edged sword. Example, This week I’d say I’ve played my guitar for about 25-30 hours (4-5 hours every night after work) just because again it’s a distraction but when you have an obsessive personality distractions kind of become an obsession in their own right because I’m too afraid to sit and let my mind wander. But if I think back to when I were married that 25-30 hours was spent freelancing, I said it was for extra money for the family but it was a distraction. a distraction from what? I was living the life I long for now? But perhaps it’s an issue I’ve been burying for a long time. Either way I don’t really know why I feel so shit all the time, but I do know that I have two children who know nothing about this world other than chocolate is amazing. That alone is enough to make it through one more day and see if we can turn my outlook and habits around.

I think I need help but I just haven’t got it in me to reach out right now. Maybe that’ll change. 

I hope I’ll be ok eventually. It’s just a transition. Some days are so dark like today, some are ok, none are good. Which means I need to have a good day... there’s always tomorrow and I get to see those two little humans all day. 


- S