I’m scared to live and I’m scared to diei... don’t know where to start but i’m Basically my family's servant. They expect me to do things no one else in the family does, on top of performing extreme emotional labor and pseudo marriage counseling on a daily basis.

 I get told I’m not allowed to cry and I’ve been beat or belittled for showing any emotions, but I have to listen to my parent’s suicidal ideation and try to coax them out of it. When I am my mom told me to go ahead and do it. In fact when I was three I kept telling my mom “I Love you!!!” Over and over bc i thought it was fun and she told me I was being annoying haha.... she beat me every day until i was big enough to hit her back around age 14....

They’ve never shown interest in me or what I like. They expect me to be grateful for food and shelter, and I am but.... I wish once in my life I would get a hug and an I love you. I know that’s sad coming from a 19-soon-to-be-20 year old but they’ve never shown me affection and it really hurts. Its not like I can get it elsewhere, they’ve kept me socially isolated my entire life. I have a 6th grade education. And before that I taught myself for 3rd and fourth.

 I’ve never really had friends, online or off. I know its kind of sick but I fantasize about being more well off stable and a successful writer, artist and musician and my favorite musicians and writers and artists being friends with me because it helps numb the pain to pretend there’s someone there even if they aren’t really.... because being alone is literally the worst feeling in the world... [also i know this is a run off sentence and I’m sorry most of these are I don’t Want to keep going over this post.... my writing is way better than this sorry I’m just really upset]

 My parents were/are drug addicts and I had to sell all my gaming systems and expensive electronics. I don’t know how to escape any of this without going to a shelter and I’d rather take all my dad’s blood pressure pills and go into a stroke. I just want to be happy for once. No one has ever loved me, and I mean that. My extended family tells me how much of a burden I am too. I'm numb now to everything. 

All i do everyday is listen to sad songs and watch anime buzzfeed unsolved or speedpaints. I draw but I’m nowhere near where i want to be. I call myself a writer but i never write...I want to learn music but i cant even afford a used guitar....

 I just want this to be over but I still have a sliver of hope that someone will save me, or I can find some way to save myself. The worst part is I’m trans and gnc and in the closet and my mom tells me every day how trans people and ESPECIALLY GNC people are the cause of the worlds problems and we’re a sign of end times. I don’t want to be. I just want to be loved. Not even in a clingy way, I just want someone to take an interest in me and be happy i;m alive... it hurts a lot to keep breathing and i want the pain to stop but mostly i just want to be ok
Like i said the void scares me but so does never getting out......
Sorry for this and sorry in general. I feel like I’m manipulating everyone....haha....