Junior in college, less than 2.0 GPA and am going to fail all my classes this semester, just like the rest of my semesters.I’ve given up, I can’t keep disappointing my mom. Education means the world to her and I have been lying about how I have been doing this semester, making up grades and telling her that I am doing fine and that I will pass. Every semester from freshman year to now, I have failed multiple classes a semester. I am on probation and have been for most of my college career, I am hanging on by a thread in school. I tried changing my major and what not and I was interested in it for a while, but then my depression and anxiety (like always) took over. I started this semester strong, I was seeing a therapist over the summer but stopped once I came back to school. I stopped going to my classes for 1.5 months and didn’t do work for any of them either and there is no other way out. Last semester was the worst semester of my life, I didn’t shower for days, didn’t see or talk to anyone for days, laid in bed crying majority of the time. I don’t know if school isn’t just for me?? but I do somewhat enjoy my classes when I’m not depressed. The only times I got out of my bed during those 2 months was to go to dance practice, then immediately crawl back into my bed. I don’t have it in me to fail again. I physically and mentally will not be able to handle finishing this semester and showing my mom all the Fs she’s spending all of her hard earned money paying for. I feel like I’ve failed more classes than passed, and the classes I pass are easy elective type courses that have nothing to do with my major. I need to end things, I am tired of disappointing my mom, the most important person in my life. I don’t want to hurt her anymore. I pretty much have been kicked out and reinstated twice due to summer classes and I honestly have lost the effort or energy to finish this semester. I can’t keep failing, I feel my unintelligent depressed self is a failure. I can’t look at another F on my transcript. I will never get a job or even graduate with my transcript and my GPA, what’s the point?