i'm not sure what's happening to meHello

I'm not sure if this is the right place to make such a post. I don't think i'm at risk for suicide. I also didn't think that I was paranoid. I also thought that my head was clear, and I was thinking straight. Recently it feels like I have not been in control of myself. So, I guess i'm making this post to because I really don't know what to do.

I was never much of a cutter. In high school, I sliced my left forearm three times over the course of one fairly stressful day. For five years after that, I didn't intentionally cut myself at all. I tried it once, and never really understood why people do it - there was no stress relief, no emotional control, it just hurt. As I am writing this post, I have run out of room to cut my left arm, and am currently learning to handle a razor with my left hand so I can start working on my right arm. I have absolutely no idea what triggered this. I have no idea why I keep doing it. I don't think i'm trying to kill myself, but every day I wake up with ten more cuts.

I've never had trouble being alone. I've probably spent the majority of my life more alone than not. Lockdown hasn't really had an effect on me. I say these things with some confidence, but i'm not sure if they are true. I've managed to convince myself that all my friends are lying to me. Once or twice a week I am overcome with extreme paranoia. Last night I was absolutely sure that there was someone hiding in my house. Every car I see in my rearview mirror is following me. Every time I re-enter a room everything has been rearranged. Shadows are starting to look like people. My head feels clear, but at the same time my thoughts are messy. I'm not sure what's happening to me.

I don't have a family history of mental illness. My mom and sister are on antidepressants, but nobody else in my family or extended family takes any mood altering drugs. It's been years since i've abused a drug. Six months ago it really felt like I was getting a grip. 

Sorry for the rant. I've never told anyone any of this. I'm just not sure what to do.