Parental PressureThere was a lot of pressure on me in HS to get into a good college, and I ended up getting into Berkeley. There was a lot of drama about my grades in 8th grade (took classes at my HS) and 9th grace as I had earned a few B's (2 in total) as well as my SAT score (2270, 30 points lower than the 2300+ they wanted).

The pressure really sucked, as did the threats that I'd only end up at a CC, which they think sucks. But I made it despite feeling very depressed and pressured, and an entire week of my dad yelling at me to study for the SAT Math II and SAT US History (got 800 and 780 respectively), to make up for my SAT and SAT chemistry, in which I felt very depressed and suicidal and pressured just like now.

Anyway, it's summer for me now, and I'm taking an English class at a CC, doing work for an internship over the year, going to another internship in 2 weeks or so, and my dad just came into my room and told me that if I didn't graduate from Berkeley with a 3.75+ GPA I'd never get into med school, so I'd be homeless with a biology degree, and that just because I was lying down (tired, less than 5 hours of sleep last night) I wasn't doing anything for my future and wasn't goal oriented enough.

It made me feel depressed, suicidal and pressured again. I barely survived the high school version of this and college is just it all over again. Replace the need for good GPA to get into undergrad for med school and the SAT with the MCAT, and yeah.

Honestly I've just thought of going into teaching, not because I want to but because I could see myself making it through training and such but then my parents wouldn't approve of that either.

Sigh. This is the first time I have cried in months lol. Weeping silently in the bathroom rn and I feel like I don't have anyone to talk to l o l

If I died I'd have nothing to lose, only stuff to gain. The pressure would be gone and I'd just lose consciousness. I have very few happy days anyways so staying alive brings no benefits.

I contemplated doing so during my second semester at Berkeley and I don't know why I didn't honestly. Student Conduct even brought me in to talk about it lol.

And honestly, if this pressure doesn't disappear or something drastic doesn't better my life soon, I should just die lol, no point in being alive. My personal life besides my family isn't that great either. I have some friends and stuff but yeah that's it. I get some laughs, humor, and reassurance out of our conversations but that's it.

And yeah I know I'm in college and can escape for most of the year and that it was my choice to stay home for the summer but the pressure never escapes lol, just because they're not there to yell at me doesn't mean that I don't put pressure on myself and that the pressure isn't there from medical schools and whatnot, and on myself to make something of myself.

I know that life is full of uncertainties but like no one can do anything about that lol and I've just been trying to do my best for myself even though I haven't earned straight A's at Berkeley and am not productive every single minute of my life.

And in terms of life skills, I can't help but be resentful that I'm supposed to be as functional and independent as an adult in their mid-50's (my dad). I'm barely 19--I turned 19 yesterday. Is it fair to expect a 19 year old to know how to live like an adult well into their middle ages?

I honestly wonder whether any other Asian kids or kids of any race in a similar situation have ever killed themselves because of the pressure to succeed academically, professionally, and in other aspects.

Yeah, I know that not every single day will be as heavy and dark as I feel right now but honestly, not much has changed in my life overall for many years, so there's no point in living. There will always be pressure and stuff and I don't have any objective adults to turn to when this happens. I can talk to my friends, but they're under similar pressures and all they can do is offer words of support, not end the pressure from society, from within, or my parents.

I get that there's a lot of pressure for parents to make sure that their kids turn out fine across the board, not just for Asian parents, but moms and dads of every race, but like the kids are just as scared as the parents about their life and being independent. No one knows what's going to happen 10 years from now, or even tomorrow. I personally get anxious very easily and what just happened didn't help.

Whatever. I just look forward to being released from the clutches of life and all this pressure someday, even if it's from pills, hanging, or jumping out a dorm building window.

Survived HS pressure, weeks of unhappiness, got into Berkeley, now it's time for the same shit again at an even more competitive school, much harsher grading, and higher stakes. There's no end. It's hard for me to believe that life will ever get better, honestly.