Currently 16, realistically won’t live past 22Warning: Long

I don’t know what I’ll get by writing this. I doubt it’ll make a difference to anyone, there are enough depressed teens killing themselves every year to make me just a statistic. Therapy isn’t an option as my parents wouldn’t allow it and it’s too expensive. I’m not looking for help, I already know the most successful and painless way to do it. I just wanted someplace to write my thoughts before I go.

I’m a junior in high school and I’m preparing apply to colleges. I imagine from the outside I have what a lot of other people would kill for: 1420 SAT score and a high GPA. I exercise daily to stay fit, eat healthy, and sleep at least 7 hours every night. I’m not stressed by schoolwork and have a good work ethic. I got rid of all social media and only use my phone to read. Despite this, I just don’t want to live anymore. I don’t see the point in planning for a future I know will be filled with loneliness and pain.

I wake up every day disappointed I can still breathe and I wonder about the statistical chances of me dying by different accidents. I’ve become practically mute at home. When I do speak, it’s monotone and I only say what’s required of me. I’ve lost interest in hobbies like playing video games because I have no friends to make them worthwhile and playing solo reminds me of how lonely I am. The “friends” I have use me as an answer key to get finished faster in class or to skip an assignment they didn’t do. My social skills are nonexistent thanks to my parents abusing me in elementary school, where every time my teachers sent me home with a grade less than an A-, I got threatened, bullied, and hit. I distinctly remember one of my earliest memories including my father forcing me to “practice” multiplication by holding up cards to solve, with each incorrect answer rewarded with a harsh threat. As he got more and more impatient with how long I took to answer, he also got more and more physically abusive. This led to me developing dissociation and apathy in order to cope with the emotional stress I endured every day. It’s also the reason why it’s difficult for me to make any more new friends because I never learned how to small talk well. I try to keep a friendly smile on all the time because otherwise I look emotionally cold, but lately I don’t really see the point of it. I think most people wouldn’t like to know me anyways, and I’d be saving them a lot of pain when I do kill myself.

I’m not worried about who I affect when I die as I’ve been cutting myself off from my family and everyone else. When it does happen, they’ll get over it quickly. There was another guy at my school that even people from other schools knew that died in a car accident earlier this year. Everyone forgot him in two or three weeks. I doubt my death will last a couple days before people start getting back to work.

There are a couple reasons why I think suicide is the only option left. First - it’s inevitable. Everyone’s going to die, and things are only going to get worse for me. Why not speed it up? Second, life is boring. Yes, I’ve seen people say that you have to give life your own meaning, but for most people the reasons to live are for loved ones (don’t have any that’ll love me and I don’t love anyone), enjoyable hobbies (losing interest), or optimism for the future. Most people’s futures and probably mine if I decide not to die are made up of bitter breakups or divorces and monotonous 9-5 work days. The only reasonable things I can find are the little moments that make me happy, but that won’t be enough to compensate for how completely lonely I am. Finally, anything I do towards anyone else I will end up regretting afterwards. There are so many times I remember that what I did or said unintentionally hurt someone else, and I shouldn’t have done anything in the first place. The thought of my lifeless corpse lying on the side of some abandoned road, bothering no one, gives me great pleasure. I reached out to an old friend a few weeks ago after reading that I should talk to someone about what I was feeling. It helped at first, until I realized I was being a burden on her and I was wasting her time and annoying her. I cut contact with her and cut off all other connections I had to others so I would never bother anyone else.

I’m stuck in my thoughts all the time now, and there is a part of me that doesn’t want to die. I want to meet someone that actually wants to know me that’s intelligent and understanding. But then I think of all the times I’ve failed miserably trying to connect with someone and I end up regretting even thinking about it. I used to look for someone, anyone, to talk to, but no one ever looks up at me from their phones and I wonder why I even try. I know that anyone I get to know will only come out ruined by me in some way, so it’s better to leave them alone and keep everything to myself. Besides, there’s more of a chance that I’ll just be meeting someone who wants to use me again.

The way I see it, I can either continue getting colder and hope to die every tedious day, finally leading to a satisfactory death where nobody really knew me anyways, or I can live past college and spend the rest of my worthless life slaving for money in an attempt to make reality better, finally ending in an even more miserable death. Better end it now rather than wait for disappointment to come later.

I don’t think it’s possible for me to positively change. I get headaches every time I think about why I’m still living and heartaches every time I think about how wonderful my life could’ve been, and I’m tired of both. I walk mindlessly through life to the point where I can’t tell the difference between a week and a month simply because nothing happened. I’m content with never knowing someone who really cared about me or meeting the girl of my dreams if I don’t ruin anyone else’s day and I just fade away in the background completely numb and with nobody to bother. I don’t enjoy living in a society that’s eliminated people’s personalities in favor of better grades and that cares more about the latest social media post than the person sitting next to them. I don’t enjoy my life because I was raised to produce results, not love, and because it’s so unbearably lonely.