It's all too muchI've been struggling with suicidal thoughts (suicidal OCD) for several years now, but with the world in flames and everything kind of collapsing and turning very dystopian very fast I am genuinely hopeless. I simply do not see a future. Cannot conceive of one.

I'm 45 years old and I've lived through mostly settled, calm times. The 80s were a sad but entertaining trip, the 90s were AMAZING, the 00s were depressing, and now the 2010s are ending with what seems like the end of the world. I can't stand it.

I can't stand living in fear every day. I'm just tired of it. I'm tired of bullies and sociopaths and sadists running our world. I just want to feel safe and okay for *once* in my damn life.

I'm a survivor of childhood abuse too; my life has been less than great. But now I feel like there's just no chance of ever making something good from the remnants of this life. I want to end it all. I'm tired of forcing myself to pretend like nothing's wrong just so I can get a paycheck. I'm tired of people acting like the world ISN'T on fire. I'm tired of pollyannas telling me everything's going to be okay when it very obviously isn't going to be okay.

I'm terrified of dying but my brain is constantly forcing me to think about killing myself against my will. My mind constantly runs me through methods and scenarios and is constantly telling me to end it all.

This isn't living. This isn't being alive. THis is a nightmare I can't wake up from, and the only way to end it is to overdose like I've been planning for a while. 

I'm going to call the suicide hotline AGAIN, just to see if they can miraculously provide me with some sort of reason why I shouldn't kill myself. It rarely does any good, but this is all that suicidal people can avail themselves of in the US now unless you have really good health care. 

If someone could help me get the hell out of the US and help me re-settle in some better country I would probably stop being suicidal. But right now it just feels like I'm a sitting duck, that nothing is going to get better, that fascism is already here and there's nothing we can do about it, and none of this is going to end well. I feel nothing but doom and death in the air and things weren't like this ten years ago. 

Anyways, I'm done rambling, have a night.