My sister is in the hospital after attempting suicideMy sister called me after a suicide attempt by overdose and I called 911 because she was 20 minutes away and there was just no way for me to know she was safe until I got there, or even when I got there there’s no way I could have been sure she was going to be OK after the amount of pills she took. I know I did the right thing but I still feel like I betrayed her.  She didn’t want to go to the hospital, she thought that she was fine and her attempt failed - she had taken them the night before and was still coherent and walking around just very sick and all she wanted to do was talk. But now she’s in the hospital I haven’t been able to see her at all since the ambulance took her and because of covid they wouldn’t let me into the Hospital - but I didn’t know that the EMTs made it seem like I could see her once she got there.  I was panicking I’m not sure I even hugged her before she got in the ambulance I thought I was about to see her again.  I know the hospital is the last place she wants to be and even though I know she needs to be there right now and maybe I saved her life I just can’t stop feeling like I betrayed her. I’m terrified that she’ll make another attempt in the future and she won’t call me or anyone because of this.

 I’ve been able to talk to her a few times on the phone but I don’t even know what to say.
She hasn’t said it but I think she’s mad at me, I don’t even know if I should keep calling her at the hospital.  And she keeps apologizing to me when we talk for calling me and I don’t know how to make her understand how thankful I am that she called me.  She doesn’t seem to want to talk when I call but I don’t know if I should keep calling anyways just so she knows I’m here for her.  I just don’t know what to do, I feel so helpless.  When I’m not scared or just angry at the world for being such a shitty place that my sister doesn’t want to be in it I’m just numb. But it’s not about me, I just want to be there for my sister and I don’t know how, and she never asks for help or what she needs.  She’s the best person I know and I can’t lose her and I don’t want her to feel this way anymore.