it hurts so fucking muchPeople never take it seriously when someone says "I'm insufferable", but in my case, it's true. I have a horrible personality. I'm just autistic enough to come off as unaware and insensitive, but not enough to warrant any sympathy from anyone. I have horrible anger issues; when someone does something that hurts or inconveniences me, even if it was an accident, I get so mad at them that my mouth starts foaming. I haven't met anyone with misophonia and hyperaccusis as bad as mine; if someone makes a high-pitched sound within 100 feet of me, I start convulsing. My parents were emotionally abusive, so I have a pathological fear of getting yelled at or making other people angry. Like I said, I'm insufferable.

The only way I can feel safe and secure around other people is to lie to them, and I'm really good at it. I've made friends with people while I was pretending to be someone else, but the moment that they realize what I'm actually like, they either abandon me outright or start bullying me. 

At this point, I don't even want friends. I just want to live separately from other people, but I can't. I don't have the money to live on my own, I have to finish college, and I don't qualify for any kind of job where you never interact with anyone. I had to move back in with my parents and transfer to a commuter school because of how hard it is for me to get along with people. 

I just can't function in society. I just fucking can't, and no matter how many drugs I take or how many hours I spend in therapy, nothing changes. When I was a kid, everyone told me that things would get better for me when I got older, but they just keep getting worse.

I can't remember a time in my life when I wasn't suicidal, but it's never been this bad before. I have a shotgun in my room, and I really, *really* want to shoot myself with it. Even if I don't die, it'll still serve as self-harm, and, honestly, that's the only thing that ever calms me down. I don't even know why I'm posting this. There's nothing that could make my life any better. I've tried everything. There's no way out of this.