I am officially a failure.Not a throw away because I won't be needing it. TL:DR at the bottom.

I am an 18 year old college student that will fail out at the end of the year. I achieved a .895 GPA while trying as hard as I could for the first semester. I am failing all my classes this semester, simply because all I do is sit in my bed, Reddit, and watch Netflix. I have been to class this semester maybe 6 times. I missed all my midterms.  I simply cannot get out of bed. No one in my family knows my grades. 

I get all my food delivered to my dorm room and the farthest I leave my room is to get food from a vending machine on the main floor of my dorm. I usually eat one normal meal every 2-3 days, that usually keeps me full for some time.

I am on spring break at the moment and all I have done was slept for about 16 hours and watched Netflix. My parents know I am a failure and a social outcast. I had a couple friends in high school because I was on the soccer team, but I do not talk to them anymore. I have two older siblings, one brother and one sister. My sister has graduated college and my brother is in his final semester. Both have been and will be more successful than myself. My mother basically raised me alone because my dad was working all day except for Sunday which is when he wanted to be left alone to relax. Everything a father is supposed to teach a son I either taught myself or my old travel soccer coach taught me. The only time my father has been proud of me was when my high school soccer team won the state tournament and we were ranked #1 in the state. I scored a goal in the final and we beat the team 3-0. I consider this the highlight of my entire life. 

I have never had a girlfriend and am still a virgin. I have kissed a girl because of a bet though. I immediately cut off contact with her. I still have not seen/heard from her since. This is the highlight of my life sexually. 

As I am writing this it is 1:40 AM EST. About half an hour ago I had a talk with my father 
1)Asking why I am so weird. 
2)Saying he hasn't retired yet because he thought I would fail out of school and saved the business he owns for me to run. 
3)When am I finally going to start trying at something instead of half-assing everything I do.
4)Telling me I am an idiot for wanting to be a mechanic if/when I fail out of school

SW I have wanted to kill myself for some time. When I was in 9th grade I learned how to tie a noose. I practiced it until i could practically do it blindfolded. The problem was I never really had a reason to string myself up. Now that I know I have no future I have a reason. A valid reason is all I have been looking for the past 5 years. Now, I have it. 

Sorry for the wall of text.

TL:DR "You see, Arnold, it's time for me to leave here. Some people are meant to be with people, and others, like me, are just different."-Vincent (Pigeon Man from Hey Arnold.)
