Overworked...don't know how to relieve the psychological strainI have a long history of psychological issues and I guess my daily psychological state is still fairly fragile. I need help right now, but the institutional services are too slow and expensive, and I wasn't prepared for what is happening.

So, I started a job about 2 months ago. The first 1 3/4 months went fine, but last week we were all pushed to work overtime (I personally worked about 50 hours)...

During this, my relationship with my girlfriend (who I share a living space with) deteriorated severely, which is not normal...

It's getting better now, because I've had fewer hours...but the first sign that something was really wrong was that my boss called me 3 times on the morning of my first day off in 10 days asking me to come in for more work.

I assume that my boss thought I was enjoying the overtime pay and wanted to earn some more. But...I couldn't call him back right away because I was afraid that my normal cordiality would crack severely in trying to explain that the opposite was true: that the overtime was wrecking my personal life.

In the middle of the overtime week, I had also started smoking cigarettes again after having been quit for 5 months. This was also a sign, to me, of a severe change in my psychological state.

After having started again, I also noticed the people we share this building with making more noise than usual and making themselves noticed in other ways, which always seems to happen when I start smoking again after quitting. I assume they are disturbed by the slight cigarette odor I must bring in off the street.

They really try to get in my way during these periods, which is something they don't do when I'm not smoking. Coming out of their apartments as I am walking in the hall to make themselves noticed...and possibly, I assume, to get a chance to confront me about the cigarette odor. I try to avoid the confrontation, because it is difficult for me to quit cold turkey when I am under stress, and I feel like I am compromising already as much as I am able to...I don't smoke inside the building, ever, for instance.

One of my building-mates even showed up on the morning train, where I have never seen her before, and sat facing me with her small dog, I assume glaring, although I did not make eye contact.

I need help although I have no idea where to find it. 

It is a relief to be able to write this here, however.

Thank you for your time.