Idealizing deathI hope this is the right place to post this.

Ive been having a really hard time in life lately.

My baseline has always been sad, and I’ve been like that as long as I can remember. I’ve always been high-functioning (e.g. leadership positions, good grades, good job, social at work, etc) but I’ve always had anxiety that prevents me from doing simple things like go to the store. I’ve thought about death since I was 11 or 12 years old. I finally sought help with a therapist after the longest time of being too scared to, and she diagnosed me with dysthymia and social anxiety. I only went to one appointment, then some big changes in my life happened and I haven’t been back.

I was dumped by someone I thought I’d be spending my life with. I (M 24) have been in a few long-term relationships, and I’ve been through a few hard breakups, but this one feels different. I’m just numb. I lost my best friend - the person I would talk to every day. I was taking big steps forward in my life to advance my mental health, but I needed her by my side to help me and she left me. Now I have nobody to talk to and no motivation to seek therapy or take care of myself. I stopped buying groceries. When I’m not working, all I do is sleep.

I’m a healthcare provider in the U.S. in an ER and as you can imagine, I’ve needed a good amount of support for all the horrors I’ve seen (COVID aside). During the peak of COVID I dealt with so much death - patients and family, and the fact that people are out there denying its existence is so disheartening. I’m not ready for the spike of cases in the fall. I dont have the energy to continue. Beyond that, the state of the world (U.S. politics, global warming) has killed my hope for a happy future.

I don’t think I would kill myself because I’m too scared, but part of me just wants to die. I want of wish I would just get hit by a car, get cancer, or something else out of my control. I know how selfish it sounds, but I’ve just had enough. I’ve felt alone for as long as I can remember, and I think I’ve finally had it.