I've run out of bridges to burn, family is sick of my bullshitI've been battling chronic depression and anxiety my entire life, or at least for as long as I can remember. I had to dissolve my business last August because I could not control it any longer, and checked myself into a hospital after my Wife caught me with an empty bottle of Rum, and trying to get a bottle of codeine open.

Every one of my friends in the area has dropped contact, and a few have even started trying to convince my wife that I'm not worth the fight, that it might hurt at first, but she'll be happier without me in the long run. I've known some of these people for ten years, as long as my Wife and I have been together, and they've flipped from calling me a friend, to one keeps comparing me to her abusive Father(who cheated on her Mom their entire marriage) and Ex(who quit his job immediately after moving in with her, and cheated on her while she was visiting her Mom). I have never cheated on my wife, I have never laid hand or fist against her, or spoken anything to her less than praise. She is the single most important person in my life, for whom the sun rises and sets.

And to add insult to injury, because of how often I am in and out of the Hospital(receiving ECT that...makes me nauseous and that's it, plus the inpatient mental health care), and that my Psychiatrist wants to focus on my depression alone, I've been taken off all of my ADD medications, and randomly slip into periods where I'm functionally illiterate. I have a dozen books sitting here that I had been looking forward to reading...and I can't. Trying to force myself through even a basic paragraph can leave me with a migraine, sometimes.

And back to the ECT, which seems to be the last ditch effort to give me a leg up on my depression, and aside from sore muscles and debilitating nausea, I have noticed nothing. No difference.

So, here I am. I cannot work, I am dead weight to my Wife, we are about to be evicted, and nobody has managed to find a method of treating me. I'm miserable, I hate myself, and my Wife's friends hate me.

Why fight any longer?