Some last wordsThings were looking decent actually. I was in my mid-twenties and just started out a new job. The project I was working on was kind of pointless but still manageable, since the people were great. For the first time in years I didn’t have to look away in disgust when I saw my reflection in a mirror. I still had a lot to work on and I hadn’t reached my body-goals by quite a stretch but they seemed somewhat possible. I was fooling myself on a whole new level. That changed quite rapidly when I woke up to 3 police officers standing in my room.

The first few thought that came to my mind were: 

1. My GVG and about a gram of DMT are 5 cm away from that officer. 
2. Oh – they anyway have a search warrant and will find all my substances. 
3. Fuck how am I going to kill myself if I’m held in custody.
 
My mind was extremely calm, almost serene since my goal was clear. I had to cooperate as good as possible and maybe they’d let me go, at least long enough to find a suitable way to off myself. I was even kind of surprised by myself. You’d think I would have been nervous and anxious when they messed up my room, full-body searched me, took my mugshot and fingerprints or interrogated me but I was more calm than ever. I maybe should have chosen espionage or something as my career choice, my lack of emotion could have been quite beneficial. All those years of fake pretence and emotion-management had paid off.

After spending around 7 hours at the police station I was actually let go, the actual process would be in a couple of weeks. I went home, took a shower, ordered 3g of H. and made my way to work. Nobody noticed a thing except for me coming in very late but that was explained easily. I would have thought it would be hard to spend the last hours on this planet with the same masquerade I had kept up for years, but no. It was just natural, even spending dinner with my parents was no problem. The day after was a normal workday, except for the anticipation almost excitement of knowing I’m not going to live for much longer. I wanted to at least finish some of the work and leave everything organised so that whoever had to pick up where I left would quickly find everything.

I had a good life without any considerable hurdles. A lot of people would swap with me in an instant. I’m not sure if I even suffered from actual depression. I was never able to feel genuine emotion, everything was rational, everything was calculated. Very early on I started copying people and mimicking their behaviour in order to appear normal. I became a master of this art and there was nobody that I couldn’t fool once I was able to spend some time with them and pick up the necessary information. But behind all those masks there was nothing, not a single thing, just emptiness.

I always knew suicide would be the way I’d leave this world but just not when. Videogames, anime, TV series, streams and so on were always a great distraction but even the excitement they gave faded in the last few years. My body was a major issue throughout all my life. I always hated how I looked but only after years of self-pity I tried to change things. Being gay/bi was also something I struggled with. I just wanted to be normal or at least pretend to be, but even in our oh-so forward thinking world I’d have always been the odd one out. Luckily, I was more asexual than anything else anyway so that made things easier.

Fun fact – I died a virgin. 

Dabbling with psychoactive substances had become a new hobby of mine, some of my most memorable moment in my life were under the influence. And sometimes I would genuinely feel alive while being high on something.

The one thing I regret isn’t not having explored the world, not having achieved my career goals yet, never falling in love and experiencing the long-lasting serotonin rush that not even MDMA can give or never being the best at something but not having tried everything from my stash yet – especially not having achieved a DMT breakthrough. Speaks for itself doesn’t it. My drug collection was the last thing that was still kind of interesting to me, maybe somewhere in there I would find my answers.



I could start from the beginning, I could rebuild my life. Be an upstanding citizen for the next years and maybe even rebuild my stash somewhat but I just don’t have the strength to keep on fighting. I’m tired and I just want to go to bed and never wake up again and that’s exactly what I’m going to do.



Some shoutouts:

Thanks to my family, you were good people and I’m aware you would have been willing to help. Thank you to my few friends, at least a part of me genuinely enjoyed spending time with you and again I knew you would’ve been there for me if I ever reached out to you.

Thank you to all gaming communities I’ve ever been a part of, without you, my life would have been over much sooner. Thank you to all great game-devs, youtubers, streamers, entertainers, animators, writers, musicians, movie/series producers and so on for countless hours of distraction. (Thank you, Jared Padalecki and the whole SPN crew for being the one constant during a difficult time – Always Keep Fighting)



And finally, thanks to you for reading my last thoughts. I hope you find fulfilment in life in a way I could never even imagine.



Sayonara
