how do i make a change?i wake up every morning dreaming of my own death. i hate myself. i am a bully because i am so miserable. i have become an alcoholic to cope with my negative feelings. i stay out drinking because i don't want to be alone. i don't want to sleep because that means i have to wake up alone again. i have pushed away everyone good in my life and surrounded myself with other alcoholics. i hide from my family because i feel so much shame. i have run up $10,000 in credit card debt because i can no longer stop myself from spending hundreds of dollars every week buying myself and others drinks. i also work as a bartender and got shitfaced while i was working last night. i am lucky i still have my job. i just couldn't cope. before work, i sat with a knife at my wrists and sobbed so loudly i am sure the whole block heard. the insane part is that my debt saved my life in that moment. the thought of my fathers disappointment upon finding out about my debt stopped me. he saved enough money to send me to college for a degree i don't use. i realized killing myself would expose how poorly i've managed my life. i am alive so i can keep pretending. anyway, i eventually pulled it together and left for work. i felt so horrible that i started taking shots as soon as i got there. i am so fucking stupid. not only was i stealing from the bar but i ended up so drunk i couldn't do my job. i should've been fired. i may end up losing my job anyway if my money is off. i can't even remember counting the register.

i am writing this because i woke up hating myself again. i woke up alone on my couch with the thought of suicide. i woke up thinking of how i sabotaged myself last night because i was too afraid to die. i just want to be different. i don't want to wake up feeling like this anymore. i want to make a change but it feels impossible. i keep trying to stop drinking but then i inevitably break and end up shitfaced and doing things i regret. how do i make a change? i don't have an ounce of willpower left. i cannot see any future for myself outside of killing myself. i am a selfish, self pitying, hateful person. i guess i'm writing this because i realized this morning that if i am not going kill myself i have to change. i just don't believe in myself enough or trust myself enough to think progress is realistic. i don't know what to do. 


sorry this is a bit of a rant. i am just going to post before i change my mind. i need help and i have no one to turn to.