I am going to kill myself tonight, AMA.For the past eight months, my life has devolved and crumbled around me. I have never been close with my family, and the one person I was close to, my boyfriend, not only ended our relationship but blocked all contact. He was my family, we planned to get married. 

I lost the job at a Fortune 500 company that I had been steadily promoted in over the course of a few years. I couldn't just go back to my original position. I lost the job entirely.

I am 33 years old and I have never learned how to drive. 
Over the past two years I have gained 75 pounds, and I was never petite. I no longer recognize my face in the mirror, none of my clothes fit anymore, and I have been on several first dates that have ended with either a kind "you aren't what I'm looking for, physically" or just ignoring me all night, or leaving early.

I have Googled how to induce a diabetic coma because diabetes runs in my family and I have gained so much weight so rapidly.

Since January, I have gone back to school, but I am now realizing that all that is doing is getting me deeper in debt, and that I am not as smart or interesting as I used to think I am. My grades are not bad, per se, but they are average, and the competition in my chosen major is fierce, with 200 other students in the lecture hall with me alone.

I owe $5,000 in back rent on my apartment, which I have been trying to keep up with in student loans. I do not have a job except for serving at a restaurant where I am spoken down to, degraded, sexually harassed for my large breasts and ass, and disrespected in general.

Sometimes I look in the mirror and I am filled with so much self-loathing that I hit myself in the face. I did this today and burst a blood vessel in my cheek. I clawed at the red spots until they bled, then called into work.

My plan is tonight I am going to take a dozen Unisom in the bathtub, wait until I start to slip in and out of consciousness, and slit my wrists. That way if I do not overdose, I will bleed to death.

I am not looking for sympathy or intervention. I simply wish not to be alive anymore. All the things I would do differently in my life, the time has long passed for me to correct them. I can't start over from scratch. I can only exit.