I dont even have the strength to lie and pretend to smile and say everything is fine anymore...Things just seem to get worse.Hello R/SW

I Am lost on what to do with myself, My life went from being perfect and having the girl of my dreams and having a great bestfriend to nothing and me being suicidal, I do not know what to do with myself anymore. Its been 4 weeks and i feel like I am already dead as i cannot feel anything except heartbroken and betrayed.

The story is, Me and my girlfriend have been together for two years, and we was so close and we would do eveything together and wouldnt let anything get in our way, I would buy her everything she could ever want because I am quite well off with money where as she isnt, I paid to take her on holiday with me. I bought her a phone, A laptop, Now onto my best friend, Ive known him for around about a year and a half. We use to run a company together. Until I found out that they have been doing things behind my back since her birthday, (3 months before I found out).
About 4 weeks ago I went on holiday, Was talking to her every now and again and didnt think anything was up, When I got back to england and got home my Icloud on my phone synced, (Her iphone I got her is linked to my account) On my pictures where pictures of her and him, I acted normal to paige Like I didnt know anything, But as it got later in the night they were sending eachother pictures as i was getting them sent to my phone. I just went to sleep and said to myself ill confront her in the morning.


The next day I head around to her house and I can tell she knows something is up because it took me 2 hours for me to just get her to sit down and talk to me (Hardest two hours of my life as I had to try and act normal and all i wanted to do was cry) once I got her to sit down I told her that I know everything, She then just tells me to get out of her house, I stop and say how long has it been going on for, she says her birthday. I break down and I just want her back :S after about a hour of me crying in her arms She kicks me out, It took me about half a hour to get home and when I did I looked on my facebook to see that there alrady going out, When i saw that my heart just stopped,
Now everyday I feel worse and worse, I dont talk to my ex best friend anymore because of what he done to me, I send my girlfriend texts saying I love her and I am sorry for the last 4 weeks and getting no reply. She told me to move on and I cant,

I am 17 years old and I cant continue my life without her, Before I met her I had no friends, I have known her for about 3 and a half years, before i met her I was just always alone, depressed and down, then she came into my life, and instantly she became my best friend, We would meet up with each other every other day and it was the first time in my life that I felt that I meant something to anyone. We would talk 24/7 wether it was through texting / email / so on, then a year-ish after we met I asked her out, to which she said yes, then instantly my life became perfect and I knew aslong as I had her I was happy, Then after about a year and a half of our relationship I met my (old) best friend, 

Now I dont have her I have no motivation or want to do anything, I dont want to be here anymore, I wanted to be in her arms or not here at all. The last 1/2 weeks I have thought about killing myself, and enjoying the thoughts and thinking of the best ways I can do it. I dont know what to do anymore /: im a a wreck who will never be able to get over her.