I'm selfish and feeling suicidal for such a stupid reasonI'm a guy, and fell in love with a straight, married high school teacher, graduated just over a year ago. He knows how I feel. I was always able to accept that we could never have a romantic relationship, but I need his friendship, I need to have a place in his life. He started pushing away months ago and I just can't take it. He was all I cared about, my only dream in life was to be able to spend time with him and get to know him. There were times when that did happen, and I felt like the luckiest guy on earth, but I don't think it can happen again. I've let him know that the pain from the rejection and separation anxiety has been building up since about May, but he doesn't think he can do anything differently. I can't take losing him, and even if I could, I don't want to live my life without him in it at least as a friend. He's going on a vacation Sunday, and I texted him this morning telling him that I'm pretty much at this limit. Hopefully I can see him before he leaves, but that's only holding it off; I doubt he's going to undo the increasingly unbearable unbearable distress the change in our relationship and his distance is creating. I don't want to die, I don't want to not exist, but I don't want to live without this amazing person in my life, and the latter has now overcome the former. I know I haven't described the situation very well, but my thoughts are barely coherent and I don't feel like making the effort to explain the details in my relationship with him.

I know it's stupid to have developed feelings for him in the first place, let alone ones this strong, I know it's terrible for me to expect a married former teacher to take care of me emotionally, but the fact that he doesn't care enough to just adds to the horrible worthlessness and hopelessness I'm in. I don't know what to do, I don't want to talk to some stranger on the phone payed to keep me from killing myself, I don't want you guys to pretend I'm not completely retarded and try to talk me out of it, I don't want to talk to friends about it, I just want to talk to him, I just want him to care and value me as a person. I'm waiting for him to answer, and I have nothing to do besides post this and look up methods, but if nothing changes this weekend, I really can't make it through the week he'll be gone and beyond.