I am going to end it all this week. Somebody please listen to my story.I have no way of solving this issue. 10 years ago, id have never imagined myself in this situation. 

I am 23 years old, male. The last 4 years have been absolute hell. 

I grew up decently. My mom stayed home with my two younger brothers and I and my dad worked. As a kid, I was able to have a decent childhood. Clothes, I played sports, field trips, TV, video games etc etc. I always had trouble fitting in. I wasn't socially awkward, but I was shy and nervous in some situations which festered over Time. I moved houses/cities about 5 times. Each time I had to make new friends which was hard. Despite this I enjoyed my childhood. 

I turned 12 and this was where it got harder. I changed schools and had to make new friends. I was also faced with issues which I'd never seen before like sex, smoking, fights after school etc. It was all a shock. I made friends and settled down, played sports etc. I noticed a problem with my extreme shyness towards girls. This would come into play later. 

High school started. I never participated in the typical high school experience. No girlfriend, no sports, just hang with friends, come home, do homework. I had friends but many more acquaintances who i wouldn't see after high school. I had different interests than most so I never related to a lot of people. I was social, but still extremely shy to girls and new people. All in all, I still enjoyed it. In my teens, anxiety came into play but I ignored it. It really only affected my studies and aplroach to girls which I thought would improve. 

I graduated high school with no idea of what I wanted to do. I dropped out of college in 1 month and worked. I was against going to college because I had high anxiety over studying. I was a smart high school student, but I had bad anxiety over schoolwork. I felt as if I couldn't handle college. I worked for 6 months before I encountered a situation at my job. I was almost fired and quit. This is when I started expercing extreme depression and anxiety. 

For the next 12 months I would just stay inside and play video games. Along with this came a stay in a mental hospital after my parents found harmful things on my computer. I had a core group of friends so I did go out and such in between. I didn't have a job, so I'd just play Xbox and eat. I was depressed but used video games to surpress my thoughts and thought they'd go away. 

FF to around January 2013.I had enough. I had attended a program for anxiety and depression and got a job which I thought would be impossible. I was so happy. I started working out, becoming more social etc etc. Time would go by and there was a girl at work who i liked. It didn't work out and my coworkers found out. I attempted suicide and was sent to the hospital again. All my progress was gone. I quit my job and went back to school. I completed a post secondary certificate which was a big achievement for me. 

I started a job and had intention of going back to school the next year. I started to date at 22 years old early last year. I almost lost my virginity and kissed and went out with 3 girls. I was excited. However it wouldn't last. I was rejected which was a big blow. I had never approached or been that close to a girl in my life. It was around this time when I lost a couple of the few friends that I had. 

I spent the rest of 2015 working and basically doing whatever i wanted. I was in a decent mood and planned to go back to school in January of this year. Last fall, I stumbled upon the possibility of having permanent physical issues. I had been having nagging pain in my back, shoulders and knees for 2.5 years but I just ignored it. 

A world of anxiety came down on me. Will I be able to fix this? What is going on? Do I have nerve damage or osteoarthritis? These problems cannot be reversed. Physical activity is a big part of my life and to be crippled in my 20s would be crushing. Id also not be able to work certain jobs. 

January comes and I drop out of college again. I hated my program. I've been in my bed every since, only getting out to go to work twice a week. 

So here I am. A 23 year old virgin with little friends, no college education, a crappy job and in physical pain... What have I got to lose? 

By the time I finish college, ill be 27. A lot of people I know have already finished. It's painful to see people posting graduation pictures on Facebook knowing that that could've been me if I wasn't such a pussy. I have nothing to show for where I am today. Even if I do finish, what's the point? I'll have a useless degree because I'm too stupid at math to get a useful one. I've always avoided math and science because I was bad at it. 

What girl is going to want me? I'm not bad looking, but I'm still in school. I have no car, i work a bad job and live at home. In a couple years girls my age will be off with their careers and boyfriends. Girls younger than me are already more experienced and largely superficiality. I don't even have any opportunity to meet girls as I never go out. Every time I try to over tinder (or the few times in real life) I've been largely rejected. 

I have little friends. A couple are away at school overseas and the other 3 are doing their own thing. My little group of friends has been split up. I rarely go out. I always avoided clubbing, parties in high school, drinking and other social events. Perhaps if I hadn't it would've been better? All my acquaintances are gone. The few friends i have don't even treat me like a friend sometimes. When they eventually finish school and find jobs perhaps I'll be dropped. 

Physical pain. Perm physical impairment scares me. I have cracking and nagging pain in my joint ls and back. I've had to stop exercise which used to help me get away from it all. What if I have a progressive condition? I'll have to live until I'm fucking 80 years old in pain that will never get better. I won't be able to play sports anymore and my choices of employment will be limited. 

I have been in my bed for the past two months on my phone all day watching YouTube videos and on reddit. All of these situations seem hopeless but I have always had a smidge of hope that keeps me alive. 

Just today my dad dropped a bombshell. He may have to quit his job, sell our house to pay the bills and move us to another city. I was absolutely crushed by this and it pushed me over the edge. Moving multiple places during my childhood is part of the reason why I'm so fucked up. I always trouble making new friends and it contributed to my shyness and anxiety and tryi g to fit in. I had become comfortable living here for 10 years. Moving would devastate me. It would mean that I'm farther from my work which is currently 10 minutes away. It would mean that I'm further from what few friends I have and id never get to see them on a whim as I do now. I would miss out on little get togethers and lunches. It would be even farther because I don't have a car and my parents won't let me drive. 

Perhaps the most excruciating thing is that my dad won't have a job for the foreseeable future if he quits. I have a tonne of stuff to pay for: school, transit, medication, physical therapy, MRI testing and I wanted to attend a psychologist. Without a job and my dads benefits, this seems very far fetched. Despite having anxiety, depression and all my issue, I'd always have secured in knowing that my father would be able to help me both financially and with a place to live. This seems very different now. 

One thing stopping me from killing myself is religion. I'm scared of what happens after death, but I'm starting not to care anymore. Day by day, blow after blow my life just gets worse and more difficult. I'm in a dark tunnel that has no escape and suicide seems like a reasonable option. Why live if there's little chance of it getting better? 

Recently my life has been filled with regret. Why did I waste 5 years of my life not going to school? Why didn't I socialize more in high school and try and fit in? What if I hadn't started lifting weights, would I have chronic pain? I just wish that I could go back. My parents always told me to enjoy my childhood because life only gets harder. I never believed them until now. I would do anything to go back to high school or elementary school days. Literally anything. No worries and I'd work on preventing the current issues which I'm dealing with today. I would have made more friends. I would have been nicer to potential friends. I would have talked to more girls and had sex. I would've had my education done by now. I feel like a complete failure. Sadly life isn't like a video game. U can't start over from level one. 

I'm going to end it all this week. I plan to write a memoir, just recalling every little detail of my life. I will also look at old pictures, listen to old songs, and watch old TV shows just to bring up nostalgia from the good old days. I'll lay down and recall all the good memories I've had. I at least want to go out on a good note.