I can’t take it anymoreThis entire sophomore year has just been hell. I failed out of my honors Spanish class, basically dashing any hope of taking AP Spanish as a senior. So now I am in an A-Level class.  And as of now I cannot keep my grade above a D in math or chem. Everyone else seems to get decent grades without even trying and it seems that no matter how hard I try I can never get straight a’s. One person in my math class consistently gets 100s on math tests, and I just feel so annoyed. I study, I do the homework, I stay after school for tutoring; I am the perfect student but my grades can never reflect that. I nearly failed out of Chemistry the FIRST SEMESTER, and to add the cherry on top. I failed the midterm despite agonizing over my grades nearly every school day. No matter what I do it is never enough. It’s never enough. Whether I study everyday before a test, or don’t study at all I can never get the grades I want no matter what I do. Today, our teacher gave us a pop quiz on a topic that we learnt two weeks ago, and my mind went blank. That grade will certainly drop me back down to an F, undoing everything I had worked so hard for this semester. It’s the 4th quarter of the year and I can’t take it anymore. I just want to kill myself so I won’t have to see the rest of this miserable semester through. I hate myself so much. Putting effort into school is nothing more than a waste of energy. If I go to my school counselor, she’ll just start going on about how I shouldn’t give up and that I still have my junior and senior years ahead of me. I feel that my life is already over. If I can’t pass high school math or chemistry class how on Earth am I supposed to excel in college or living? Cheating is not even an option because my teachers space the desks 3 miles apart. Dropping out is entirely off the table, because of my parents. Everyone keeps on saying that I should keep working hard and I shouldn’t lose hope. As my grades drop, I can literally feel myself losing the will to live.  I just can do this anymore. Everyday hoping for some kind of improvement, only to fail hopelessly.  
