I spent 3 days in a mental health unit (psych ward), AMAIt wasn't as bad as stories make it out to be. I'll answer any questions you have about my experience while doing my best to retain the confidentiality of my peers. I came out of the experience feeling much better and my peers would likely say the same thing.

Basically, the ward was filled with people who were on the edge of suicide, people who had tried to kill themselves, and people who came for other health problems and ended up there. Many were self medicated on various drugs and alcohol. Most people were down to earth and easy to talk to. Everyone was there to help themselves and everyone had some idea as to when they were ready to go back into the world. Having people near you with similar issues was one of the best parts of the experience.

Days were structured and contained five or so 45 minute groups each day (although they usually didn't last as long). Groups included topics such as emotional boundaries, time management, AA, MICA, and other psychotherapy-related stuff. There was plentiful free time and visiting hours throughout the day. Meals were served at 8 am, 12 pm, and 5 pm with snacks at 8pm and 11:30 pm. TV time was limited to free time and visiting hours (hours were something like 8-8:30, 12-12:45, 5-7, 8:30-10). There was a 20 minute in which patients meeting certain qualifications were allowed to take a walk outside.

Care and treatment consisted of a team of doctors and nurses including psychiatrists, group leaders, discharge planners, and 1 on 1 therapists. Each person was assigned a psychiatrist who would remain with them throughout their time in the unit and a 1-on-1 therapist who changed each day. Each morning all people involved in treatment would have a 1 hr+ meeting to discuss each patient individually. After the meeting each persons' psychiatrist and therapist would meet with them at some point in the day.

I volunteered myself into the program because I was having a bad reaction to my depression medication. I felt like I made a mistake in the beginning, but I adjusted to it as time went on and got used to the environment. It can feel a bit like a prison in that you're told what to do, but as long as you remember why you're there these feelings will dissipate. I had a snoring roommate but I was able to sleep with earplugs the first night, earplugs + a sleeping pill the second night, his using his breathing machine the third. Again, talking to people was one of the best parts of the experience. I'm usually a shy and isolated person, but it's easy to talk to people who have been through the same things I have; they can empathize with what I feel.

Other stuff: We weren't allowed to have cell phones or computers (due to confidentiality). This was okay but it could get boring if there was free time and no groups going on. This may not be the case in all units, but I would bring some books. I spent a lot of my time doing homework.

-Bring extra clothes. I had to wear the same clothes for 3 days since all I had were my clothes and the hospital clothes they gave me

-Make sure you can wear your pants without a belt, because they take your belt away.