I was conceived by mistakeThe "father" or sperm donor as I call him ran off before I was even born. Dear old "mom" was 18, finished 8 grades of education (not caring about it ever since the first couple), was working a low paying, low qualification job and guess what, did not know that you need a condom to avoid such things. How the 45 year old sperm donor was unaware of it is a big mystery. 
She at first contemplated doing an abortion but her "high moral" parents, who btw were unemployed for most of the time and were relying on her income (yes) told her to keep the child.

In her youthful 20s she constantly went partying with her friends, drinking the nights away. She also went for work abroad several times, so I didn't see her for 4 years between the ages of 2-12.

When I was about 4 she met some other nice fellow, reminiscent of daddy dearest. They quickly got married after less than a year (yes) and we moved in with him, also abroad.

Then it turned out, that, surprise, surprise, he was a violent and barely hinged alcoholic who physically and mentally abused her and mentally abused me. 

Oh, did I mention that she moved abroad with a guy she barely knew while having a kid and didn't know the language? Oops.

Long story short, she managed to escape with me (yay!)

Afterwards I if course got some much needed child therapy (not) and could continue to live out my life like nothing ever happened (not).

My grandparents who lead to my birth at first were happy to take care of me, until I was at the ripe old age of 5. My grandmother abused me for years, wanted me to be perfect in everything and punished for not living up to her ridiculous standards. (Imagine yelling at a second grader and grounding him for getting a B instead of an A in school) Oh, and she physically abused me on a regular basis, yay child beatings.
My grandfather pretended to be a nice old man but never interfered, rip. A final bit about them. They are horrifically unhygienic people, to the point that gramps never used sope after taking a shit. Oh and he once assaulted me for pointing that out and to make a point grabbed my hands with his, you know to pass the germs. (They all, including 8 grades of education believe that the Corona virus is fake)

Years and two of her jerk off boyfriends later (with one of whom she still lives with and who assaulted me in a fit of non provoked rage (I dare you to guess who mommy sides with)) I'm now done with school and I have absolutely no idea of what to do with my life.

My "family" hates, dislikes or is indifferent about me, I have no friends, I hardly ever knew what it is like to be treated with the slightest bit of respect and understanding and generally I am simply tired.
Things were always bad, they still ate and I don't see prospects of them getting better.