Feeling like there is nowhere to goI have dreams and passions and goals in life, but for some reason I can't get over being single. I feel like my huge motivation in life is to find a man and settle down. My passion is love. I want to be able to have someone I love and make their lunches for work for them with cute little notes to show them how much I care about them. To make him happy to come home to a clean house and dinner ready. A made bed. Watch Football with him. Workout. To have someone I can do the things I enjoy with for the rest of my life. I'm only twenty-two. But in my mind I feel like I'm wasting time by being alone and not making memories to last a lifetime with someone. The only real relationship I had was for a year, I met him on Plenty of Fish (an online dating site). All my other relationships only lasted a couple days to a month. So I don't really count them as relationships. But they played a huge part in why I'm getting more and more depressed everyday. I care and fall for people too fast. And once they get bored and leave me, I'm torn apart and I break down. I've attempted suicide, I've gone to drugs, alcohol, sex with a random guy just to try to get over the last which ultimitely hurts me more, going on extreme diets or not eating at all to try to lose weight, bulimia and many other things that I just can't think of right now. I had a hard childhood, I obviously wouldn't say near to the hardest cuz there's always plenty more people than you that have went through harder. But I grew up with my parents divorced since I was two. And I lived with my mom til I was 13 and I always wanted to live with my dad. My step dad abused me, we were poor and the house was always a mess. When I moved in with my dad things were a lot better. Clean house, always had food. But I ended up experimenting with drugs and alcohol and at 14 I was put into rehab cuz my dad couldn't handle it anymore. I was in rehab up until I graduated high school at 18, because I kept running away and relapsing. Once I finally got out of rehab I got back into drugs. Made myself stop after about 5 months. I then moved to Colorado and got pregnant by a soldier on Fort Carson who had just come back from Afghanistan. When I found out I was pregnant, I then found out he was also married and had a girlriend. Once I was pregnant I moved to Oregon and about 4 months after my son was born I met the guy I was with for a year. After about 7 months, I got pregnant. And he told me I needed to have an abortion or he was leaving me. I would have just let the relationship go at that point. But I knew I couldn't raise a kid on my own and I knew that if I put the baby up for adoption it would be hard for me to deal with that too. So I decided that it was maybe the best thing for both of us at the time. But I still can't get over it. On Christmas Eve he gave me a promise ring, and officially broke up with me on Christmas morning. After we broke up, he immediately had a new girlfriend and they were married after a month and pregnant after 3 months. So that situation really played a tole on me wanting to be with someone at all times. Our fights consisted of me wanting marriage and a kid and him not wanting it. And then he immediatley goes and does both. My search for a man via online dating sites, through bars, friends, what have you has been much stronger since then. And it's bringing me to the point of no sleep for days on end due to depression and anxiety. I don't know how to get myself to be okay not searching for a man. I've looked for hobbies, classes to take and all that. And just can't find anything. I don't know if just having people to talk to will help me, or ideas on different hobbies to get into. Or both. But I know I need something. And maybe all the issues I named above will help someone on here come up with a good hobby for me based on those things I've gone through. But any advice or hobby will help get me closer to the right direction. I've gone to friends, and for some reason as much as they try and try to help me nothing has helped yet. And that plays a big part in this too. It makes me feel like I'm broken and can't be fixed. But maybe it's just something super simple that I nor any of my friends have thought of yet. I'm hoping that's the case....