it was my birthday yesterday and all i've done is research how to do it properlyI wrote out a draft this morning at 4am to post because I couldn't sleep but I deleted it. Some part of me wants attention, wants someone to care, but I also don't trust opening up to people and have them think I'm weak and pathetic. I don't even know what to say or where to start. I never do. That's probably why I'm unable to even submit assignments for uni and end up failing. I just simply do not know. Even though yesterday was my birthday I spent it all wanting to die and researching how to kill myself properly. Even the one thing I thought might make it good turned out just like I feared it would. Nobody cared really; I can count the people on my hand who said happy birthday to me. I'm sure half only did so because they were coerced or something like my brother and because it was strange that a person I hadn't spoken to in a year and hadn't cared to say happy birthday to me last year, suddenly texted me out of the blue to say happy birthday. I was gonna just throw myself off a building but that doesn't seem very viable so I will just hang myself instead I think. Today I was testing putting pressure on my throat, first with my hands then with a belt. You see, I don't do this on impulse. I plan things out so it won't fail, I won't do this without knowing it's very unlikely I will mess up and fail. I was holding on until after my birthday to do it (bc of said thing I mentioned before) and I'm not even interested in anything anymore, not even the one thing that was giving me artificial serotonin or whatever so I kept living but now there is not a single difference between me sitting in bed all day, scrolling pages endlessly just to do something vs being dead. I can't imagine myself living past 20. Tomorrow I might just try to find some rope and practice with that, or I need to buy some but I can barely even make myself get out of bed and can't even take care of myself so I don't know how I will manage to. I don't even feel like eating and when I do eat I feel sick. I feel like my body wants me to die, just like my head wants me to so badly. 

I know nobody will probably even read this, and if they do they'll leave generic comments telling me not to kill myself, that they 'care' and 'love' me which only make me want to do it more. I do not like it when people pretend to care. i'll probably delete this anyway bc i know nobody cares really :)