I'm So TiredFor the past, like year and a half, I've been struggling with suicidal thoughts and depression. I also have really bad anxiety which just fucks me up more. All December I was telling myself that 2020 was going to finally be my year, I was gonna get my act together and actually be happy. And I know it's only the 1st (for me), but it feels like everything has already gone downhill.  I'm just so tired and stressed lately with school, and being behind in assignments, and family, and putting up this front. I've never really wanted to *die,* I just want this to stop. I want to stop being afraid and lazy and I want to be good at something. I want to feel like I matter. But I never seem to do. My mom always says she loves me, and I know she does, but she loves my nephew and niece more. They are all she ever talks about. She spends more time with them, she is always more focused on them. And I feel selfish for saying it, I really really do, but I wish she paid more attention to me and acted as she cares for my well being.     
I'm currently failing three of my classes, even though I'm trying hard not to. It's just so hard to focus on what with not caring for the subjects and feeling so fatigued lately. It's also hard since my brother and his wife and kids are staying here for the holidays. I just, I want to graduate and I want to get into college but right now it all just seems so pointless. I don't want to be a failure but no matter how hard I try nothing ever works. I'm not happy with any part of my life right now. And I tell my friends and they love me, I know they do, but my anxiety always makes my mind betray me. And most of my friends live far away so they can't help much. And it's like the friends I have that live close it doesn't feel like they even give a shit about me. And I'm so sick of it.     
I don't know. I just want to go to sleep and never wake back up. Even though the thought of death and what comes after terrifies me, it just seems better than this.