Not sure what to do anymore.Sorry if this irritates anybody. I don't mean to harm.

I'm a 20-year-old female, currently living in an emotionally and verbally (and past, physically) abusive home. I do not have any money to escape, and my parents badmouth me to any of my relatives. I used to live with my grandparents, but they won't take me in again. Not after what was said about me.

I've been struggling with depression/bipolar disorder since I was 7 years old. My parents would often get frustrated with me when I was quiet and wanted to be alone. I'd get smacked around, pushed, called horrible names, and emotionally manipulated. They were just never happy with me, no matter what I did to try to please them. I wasn't a bad kid -- I didn't steal, I didn't do drugs, I didn't drink. I was just mentally ill.

I was constantly bullied in school for wearing glasses, being slightly overweight, being the top of the class, etc. Whatever they could find a reason to pick on me for, then so be it. It didn't stop with high school, or college. I don't have friends, but I am lucky enough to have a loving, caring boyfriend (S).

I was raped at the age of 14 by my then-boyfriend, D. D was emotionally manipulative, and partook in some...illegal things that I did not condone. It took all of my might to leave, and miraculously, I did. Go me.

I entered a four-year abusive relationship with A. A was physically, verbally, emotionally, and sexually abusive. The first two years were alright, but then he decided to show his true colors. I'll spare you the details - but it was bad.

Throughout my teenage and young adult years, I've come to find that self-injury *sorta* helped? The physical pain brought on by the deed seemed to draw away from the emotional pain I was experiencing. When things got very poor, I attempted suicide. Multiple times. Staying in a psychiatric hospital didn't help, but I faked it til I got out, only to experience my emotional pain even worse.

I have nowhere to go to escape my abusive household. I don't have friends. S's parents will not let me stay with them; although we haven't fully explained my situation to them quite yet. My depression is back worse than ever, and it's only being strengthened by the abuse in the household.

I just don't want to leave S behind when I go. He'd be devastated. But I can't continue living in so much pain for so long. 

Again, I'm sorry if this irritated anybody, I wish no harm. 
Goodbye.