Feeling really alone. I wrote thisits always been like this. everyone seems to think this works like grief- that it will hit in waves until the waves pull back slowly and completely. That it will get better. But the waves haven't stopped. I'll be 20 next march.


I hear that happiness is said to be 80% genetic and my family tree is pretty upsetting. If I have no one, its unfortunately true that I have nothing. I don't mean friends, I have some of those. I mean family, found family, because the one I was given is dysfunctional and makes my life harder. It has made my life hell more than living has. 


I see the world around me. My eyes have woken from a peaceful nightmare to see a very real and painful world. I can't keep doing this. I cant keep giving my heart to people, trying to be their friend, and receiving agonizing pain. Especially when I didn't always ask for anything back. I only started to do that when I realized self respect isn't something you're supposed to pretend to have. Those days aren't far behind me. The beginning of my life isn't either, but I'm so weary. 


It starts when I'm sad. I'm not the kind to wallow. I seek help, which usually takes too long for whatever reason and I get worse. I start to build my way back up to stability myself, and I'm not bad at it. I usually get help along the way, usually a therapist, and we take a look at how I got to where I am and it's not bad work. I love therapy, I always have. I get better, and better.. and then it just sort of.. hits. It's always different. Its always hard, some times are easier than most. But it always springs back at me. 


If there's a cure do I even want it? Do I? Do I want the risk? Would I rather just be at peace?



I feel alone and afraid like the first times it hit hard. Its the same thing; Ive called for help. Ive asked around. Ive done my bit and Im in therapy but the weight of everything is just crushing me too much. 



Chronic depression doesnt always go away. It functions similarly to grief, but it lingers. It hangs in the air and keeps you. It isnt simple and it will never be.