I've never been this close to actually doing it..Everything in my life is going wrong.. that's a lie, it's been wrong forever. Sometimes I get these thoughts. I must be in hell, this is ridiculous, how can someone suffer so much? Then I feel ashamed of not being able to cope with first world problems, when there is so much more suffering in the world. Everyone has it worse. Stop being dramatic.

Everyone in my life dies or suffers, or doesn't care. I told my sister today that I wanted to hang myself, everything was too much, and she said something like, "I'm really depressed too :(" and went on to talk about her own problems as usual... I definitely left room open for it to be a joke.. the suicide thing, I mean. So she probably didn't know. But she knows I'm depressed. I've told her I was depressed before. But it doesn't seem to reach her.

Doesn't reach my dad either. He gets uncomfortable if I'm upset, and finds a reason to hang up. So I stopped telling him I was. He has to talk about himself too, I don't think I've told him a single thing about myself in over a year now..

I only have one thing keeping me alive, trying to support my best friend. But finances are fucked up, so bad right now, the main trigger for this little episode of mine. Everything's a mess, and I might be out of a job soon because I'm a fuckup. I get panicky about paying rent, paying off bills I'm behind on. I'm not even good company. They would be better off if I died, right? Someone else can help them, I'm sure.. 

There's.. no one else that I talk to.

So stupid that money is the trigger for all of this. It's not even that, though.. if little things like this are enough for me to want to die, then what's the point of living? I'm never happy, and the world ends when I have financial problems. I can't accept it as just life, or just things everyone goes through. I'm too tired to deal with all of this. 

I've been thinking of ways to die. And it's frustrating because.. I don't want to die. I just want things to be better. And I know they can't be better if I'm dead. But they haven't been good for 30 years, so why even bother putting myself through this.

I don't know anymore.