Too many years of sadnessI was sexually assaulted two weeks after my 15th birthday. It was a guy at my high school, a year above me. It was a spring formal event, he raped me in a limo after the dance, surrounded by friends (I cringe calling them friends but at that time in my life they were), proclaimed Christians nonetheless. I passed out in a back seat section of the limo and this monster raped me with a glass bottle while I was in and out of sleep from drinking alcohol for probably the 3rd time in my life. I came to feeling the bottle cap ripping up my insides, startled, mortified, and finding the strength to kick him off of me. I don't remember a lot after that about what happened for the remainder of the night. I do remember after I kicked him and the other people in our limo took notice that something was happening, someone got the driver to pull over and the guy who raped me fled with a few of his friends. I tried running after him to confront him and he told me the stereotypical predator line of if you tell anyone I'll fucking kill you. I have no other memories of that night. I remember waking up to blood on my bedsheets the next morning, the result of him mutilating me. 

I was so terrified. I planned to pretend like nothing happened. I was ashamed, embarrassed, violated,  distraught. By the next Monday at school, it felt like everyone knew. Or at least had heard a version of what happened. He had spread a story around our school that I had asked him to rape me with the bottle. The relentless bullying and harassment I received from my peers broke me. Everyday I went to school I felt unsafe, targeted. I received death threats from several male students because to them I was so disgusting for being assaulted that I deserved to die. 

I was a child and he robbed me of my innocence. I've never recovered and I doubt I ever will. I recently learned that he is now married and has a newborn baby girl. He gets to move on and live his life without repercussions. I'm lucky if I can get through a day without self-harm. It's been 12 years of grief, pain, and isolation. I can't do this anymore. I don't want to live this tainted life. 

