A tale of two lives. feels like im reaching the end of the line. and its my fault.hey reddit. im not going to lie im scared and on edge of wanting to end it. its nothing new, Ive been this way since 2006 when i was in middle school and picked on. back then it was mostly failing my classes because of partner assignments and no one wanting to be my partner. it seems silly. really iust wanted to be treated normally and not have people say eww gross, or scream oh god no. i was an outcast and wanted to end it. my family found out. my mother flipped out, and i spent the next couple months in therapy.

In high school, a similar situation came up. this time when girls found i may have liked them, they would become hysterical like it was the end of their lives. one girl spent an entire class making fun of me and while at a Halloween party someone suggested me and this other girl would make a cute couple. she started screaming like she was being raped. those incidents haunted me and i spent high school in and out of counseling i also took up a hobby which would lead onto my career. that hobby was government. at the end of high school i had my first relationship. it ended after 3 months i went into server depression. i tried "ending it" but couldnt bring myself to it. thankfully exactly one month later an opportunity came up to run for our planning commission and i won.

unfortunately many in my family disapproved when i told them i wanted to go into government they wanted me to go to a university and study business. after i won my election to city council two years later they started to open up but would always say "what about school?" "is your work going to get in the way of school?" it was never about what new program i started that helped my people and my grandmother would talk about my step cousin who did go to a university. she also said it was embarrassing to her that her friends grandchildren were almost graduated. it hurt. the only one who was fully supportive was my mother was a politician herself back in the 90s.

My pain after that relationship had not subsided, and while i loved my new job i was still looking for a fix to the romantic pain. unfortunately i turned to adult entertainment to ease the pain. and it did temporary. one girl i met I ended up keeping in contact with and we would spend weekends together and she'd give me gifts and do really sweet things for me. the only time we fought was when she insisted on folding my clothes and giving me a message. but in return for all this she wanted me to send money to her family. it was the closest thing i had to what i thought was the ideal romance; that lasted for about 6 months. the cost was high. i turned to my college fund and i ended up depleting it and after that i broke contact with her. i tried to reconnect with her but i never heard back other then that i was really sweet guy a true gentleman and to take care.

 my family wont let up on college. and are expecting me to be in a university this week. i was accepted last year. but it fell through do a technicality with an english class from my community college and conflict with my job. because i live at home with my family and their threats of forcing me out of my job if i wasnt in university, i never admitted to them the issue or the money problem. 

I have worked so hard at my job and i feel complete shame for what happened i have just wanted to end it all and stop the merry go round of emotional pain that has gone on since 2006 but at the same time, i really want to move forward with my dreams when its still looking up. I even now lead a political group of 20 people that are supporting my endeavors. i dont know what to do anymore. its my fault im boxed in.

sorry for super long post