Ecstatic Death.Hello there fellow subreddit SW community, as you can read and infer from the title, I'm pretty happy and excited for my upcoming suicide attempt.

I'm a 17 year old male that is a high school senior, and I'm committing suicide next week. I'm going to consume sleeping pills mixed with alcohol. I know this method seems very risky, and only 2 and a half attempted suicides by overdose actually succeed, but this is all I got. However, I have no tolerance level for this and I have a good weight for this method. I actually believe I can pull this off.

Also, I'll make sure that my parent's are away for quite some time just so no one finds me in the middle of my overdose and call the paramedics. Life is definitely not worth living, and it always gets severely bad and always much worse. I'm not dealing with anymore constant struggles, and my constant depressive thoughts revolving this world in of which how it works and the types of people on it.
I should have done this a long time ago. But, for my last few days I'm going to do whatever I completely want. I'm going to ditch my last days of school; drink my parent's liquor; cuss out my teachers and every person that I do not like (including my parents); ride my bike to the city and around it; Flick off all police officers within my vicinity; Get in a random fight; Save some money to buy some female prostitutes; etc.

I'm doing everything that an arrogant, ignorant, and narcissistic individual would do, but in the sense to pay back society what it paid me. The common population want to consistently repeat generic phrases and instill pointless values about life such as "Life always gets better", "It hurts everyone around you", and so on.
Let me tell you something, my life has always been down in the gutter and I know for a fact that it always will be. I've always been dealt with negative circumstantial incidences and pessimistic thoughts about this planet that is incorporated by such evil people. This world shouldn't be exemplified the way it is now. There's no point to it, especially if you're just a bottom feeder. Every pill that I take with my alcohol will be a reflection of this deteriorated world.
I've planned to do it on Wednesday, December 5th. I'm leaving behind a note but just in case something happens to it I'll leave information about my username and password so the local authorities can investigate my reasons behind this. I hope this works.