my parents ignore my depressionI am a 17 year old girl. To sum it up the last 2-3 years of my life has been hell and it has just gotten worse. I lived with my abusive alcoholic mother since I was four in another state. I had enough friends to have a support network so generally it was ok. My mother passed away and my father (someone i never really liked) moved in with me. At the end of the school year, we moved to the DC area, which was planned in advance and something i was aware of and fine with. While we lived there, it was okay, though my health (mental and physical) was declining. During this time, I attempted suicide multiple times. Every time, I was either locked out of the house, threatened, or laughed at by my father. Suddenly my parents (father and step mother) decided to pick up and move AGAIN to another state. I have no friends and due to medical problems am in virtual school. I am extremely depressed because of what happened to my mom, 2 moves, and having no friends. my parents are completely ignorant to this. Every time I try to talk to them, they brush it off and say it's not that bad or somehow my fault. I did not ask for any of this to happen. My parents and I constantly fight. My father throws garbage at me, mocks me, yells at me for eating too much or too little, and throws tantrums. Both of them criticize me for not having a job, but we live in a rural area and neither of them will drive me to the nearest town. Whenever I'm around my family, I feel unwanted and like I am a burden. There are many more things i can go into detail about, but i have tried to keep it short. I would have thought with my past they may have considered being a little more supportive or thoughtful, but when I talk about depression or suicide they ignore me. They refuse to look into therapy. I am just looking for support and maybe an opinion on what I should do. I have looked into emancipation but I have no way of getting a job to support myself. If I tried to go to the authorities, I fear I would have what little of my past life (my pets, my personal items, my online school) taken away from me since most of my relatives are no longer living.  Right now, everything seems hopeless.