I'm happy and satisfied with my life but still want to end it. Does this make me weak?I can't talk to anyone about this because I don't want them to think this is a cry for help, it's not - it couldn't be further than that. This is more for myself to get off of my own chest, I am very content with my life - I just feel like my best living is behind me. I'm turning 30 this year and I never thought I'd make it here. Turning 30 is young, I know, I just always believed I was destined to die young.

I often think of killing myself, and not in a "I feel sorry for myself" kind of way. I just believe that my best days are behind me and I don't want to die old. I want people to remember me as I am now or was in my early-20's, when this version of me isn't a distant memory.

I used to be a semi-successful musician, I signed with a record label that people line up for hours to get a shot at on TV. While I didn't hit it big, all I wanted while growing up was to sign with this particular label and I did it. After music I went on to have a successful career in Marketing… and I love my job which most people don't get to say. I make a good living and I have all the things that I need in life.

I loved a girl for years before things ended. It's been years and I've dated a lot of girls since, but everything has been really shallow and unfulfilling. I believe that our society has crafted an attitude of not loving the person, but loving what they can offer you… cynical, I know. I honestly believe that the girl I consider to be the love of my life is really a pinnacle for me. So again it comes down to, the best days are behind me and I'm not sad by it… I've just come to accept that this is how life goes.

Most people look at me and they see me for face value, I laugh and smile a lot. By reading this you probably built up this image in your head of me, but I probably don't look like you'd imagine. I don't wear all black, quiet the opposite actually - at risk of sounding like a total dick I'm actually a good looking guy. It's just I have very dark and cynical thoughts I bury in my head because I don't want the attention. I like people knowing me as a good guy who smiles a lot and it's how I want to leave this earth.

I have to admit that the only thing that keeps me alive is the fact that if I took my own life I would devastate my family. I had a great upbringing and my family is amazing, I can't help but think that they would blame themselves if I took my life. I can't leave here knowing that my death would hurt them so much. It has made my life so conflicted, I know friends would get over it… but my family never would. But knowing this still doesn't stop the thought… it's tough.

When I walk over any bridge I think: "I wish I could jump." I wouldn't stand on the bridge and disrupt traffic, allowing someone to save my life. I love heights and I am always so close to just hopping over the railing to a free fall, breathing in… breathing out… and splash. Relief.

They say suicide is weak, an easy way out for cowards. But I can't say that is always the case, for me it's a way to end things on my terms. One thing they do have right is that it's selfish and that is the only thing that is keeping me around.
