Don't want to die but don't want to stayI'll start by saying that I've had a pretty blessed life from an outsider's perspective. Born into a middle class family, small town life, never really dealt with any major hardships. However, I've never been very well liked by my peers, I had friends as a kid but I was always know as the weird kid who was too hyper.

Fast forward to my preteen years and puberty changed me from a fearless and energetic kid into a shy, reserved and socially anxious young man. These problems persisted into high school and that's when I decided that it was time to get help for my social anxiety.

I tried so many different anxiety meds and nothing really ever worked for me. I would still always feel uncomfortable around people. My anxiety, if you can call it that is different from what most people describe as social anxiety. It's different in the fact that, it's not so much tied to thoughts as it is just a bodily response of being uncomfortable around people.

I'm not sure what causes this anxiety, but people definitely notice it and treat me differently because of it. I always feel like an alien around my peers and I always feel like I'm just faking my way through any type of social interaction.

When these problems persisted through college, I decided it was time for some real answers. When I was a kid I was diagnosed with some form of ADD, being as I had a lot of behavioral problems. I thought maybe this might be relating to my anxiety in some way, but the criteria just didn't seem to fit.

After searching around on reddit I found the asperger's subreddit and sort of related to people's experiences with social anxiety. At this point I had booked an appointment with a psychologist to have a full evaluation done. The results of this evaluation were that, I have a normal to slightly less than normal IQ, have Attention Deficit issues (which I was already aware). And the third thing he confirmed for me is that I do display traits consistent with those who have asperger's.

He didn't diagnose me with autism though, he only said that I share some of the qualities of an autistic person. This really wasn't very helpful for me. I'm aware that autism is a spectrum, but for some weird reason the only characters that I have of autism is just the social anxiety.

I don't seem to fit any of the other criteria, I can pick up on social cues like sarcasm, I'm not super sensitive to stimuli, I don't have specific routines, etc.. But I still feel like an alien around my peers, which I'm aware is a symptom many autistic people experience. The other reason I'm not so sure I have autism is that it's something that you're usually born with, and I never really display any of those traits as a child either, nor did I have any kind of social anxiety.

Anyway, flash forward to now and I'm just tired of feeling this way. I'm tired of always being the weird guy with low self esteem, who always feels uneasy around people and always looks angry or depressed.

All I really want in this world is to connect with others and find a good group of friends and hopefully a girlfriend. But no matter how hard I try, nothing seems to change. I've tried everything from meds, exposure therapy, meditation, diet, exercise, changing thought patterns. Nothing seems to work and I just don't have the energy anymore.

I really don't want to kill myself, but I just don't want to go on living like this. Some days I think that maybe I'm already dead and this is just hell for me. Obviously I don't want to leave my family with this burden and I know I'll be missed, but they, nor can anyone else truly understand what it's like to live like this.

Imagine always being uncomfortable in public settings, not being able to engage with others, and always being treated like you're different by those around you. This is my life and I'm done with it.

I'm not exactly sure how I'll do it, still figuring that part out so I won't get into the details. Thank you to anyone who read this whole thing, in another life maybe things could be different.

Goodbye, all.