I am fcking done. I can't do it anymore.I rent a room from my aunt 320 a month. in the mean time her 36 yr old son has no income. doesn't work, lives with us. she is making payments on a brand new volts wagon jetta diesel car for him out of the 300 I give her per month. 

She just got her stimulus check and bought him a 800 dollar gaming laptop. he has a year old xbox one, a gaming desktop and not one but two 30 inch flat screen tv's and a switch and now this laptop.

Here I am almost 40, 6 shirts, 6 pairs of pants all sweat pants and 2 pairs blue jeans, a 400 dollar laptop that can barely play GTA5 with 16fps and shoes that are falling apart on me, I am on disability and got my stimulus check but having to save the entire thing because I am trying to buy a vehicle to live in until I can get my own place. I have absolutely nothing of value and spend 24/7 in my bedroom sleeping or watching stuff on my shitty laptop because I live in a town that is 12 miles from town and the town has nothing but 20 fast food places and a walmart, nothing more. I live in the ghetto and our town doesn't even have an uber a taxi or bus system. 

I legit can't take it anymore, every time I turn around hes got a new video game that im dying to play, a new this a new that. a vehicle that he has destroyed and crashed already and even broke the windshield out of that cost over 300 to fix because he got upset and threw his cellphone at the windshield. 

one of the tv's and the new windshield I paid for because his mom my aunt blackmailed me saying if i didn't then i had to leave and having arthritis in my knees and feet and back, theres days I can't get out of bed, no way I can survive being homeless on the streets when theres days I can't even walk. so of course I forked the money over.

I am just so fcking sick of this crap and im about to end it because i am so tired of struggling and never gettign anywhere, meanwhile pieces of crap like him get everything in this world and does nothing for it and even treats his mom like crap and still gets stuff. 

im done. i can't do it anymore. this has topped it for me.