Worried about a 15 year old girl subject to domestic physical/mental houseWithout going a lot into how I know this girl, why I know this girl etc. let me just give you a brief background. 

I have known this girl for over 2 years. She lives in the UK. I live in a different country and we have kept in touch through electronic means. 

First of all the girl is schizophrenic and has a host of other illnesses too. Her dad has severe anger issues. He abuses her physically and mentally. Makes her serve him food, wash the dishes and clean the house. Shouts at her or beats her over petty things like spilling water, not picking up toys off of the floor. Has threatened her with a knife. Beats her with plates, glasses. Punches her in the head. The last time she got beat was around a month ago. She's the only one from her siblings who gets beat up.

She has tried to tell her mother about the beating and showed her the bruises too, but the mother refuses to believe her and has even laughed it off. Probably because of the fear of confronting him? The husband yells at the wife too. 

The family does not treat her well either. The sister is mean to her and tell the father about her just to put her in trouble. Family tends to isolate her. Doesn't even remember her birthday.

All in all, the family is very cold to her. They often tend to alienate her since she doesn't act "normal". Girl often feels suicidal due to all this. Has inflicted self-harm (cut wrist). She starves herself because she believes that way her family will accept her. 

To make it worse, there have been two incidents in her life which I must tell you about. She was raped when she was walking back home at night. Initially she didn't tell her parents, but sometime later she did but no police reports were filed. 

After the rape, she suffered from False Pregnancy. Girl has symptoms of the disorder like lactating breasts. This happened in early 2013. 

She was depressed after this incident. So in the summer of 2014 (approximately), her family sent her to a couple who were their family friends and were "well-known" for their treatments which they advertised as herbal therapy, accupuncture etc. However what happened next was terrible. She was left alone with the husband while the wife went somewhere else. This guy tortured her. For instance, he made her sit in a container and filled up with water upto the neck and then closed the lid. You can imagine the kind of stress and panic that would cause to a schizophrenic patient. 

Miscellaneous details: 
&gt; Gets a visit from a psychiatrist at her school. She has been able to hide all problems from the psychiatrist. So it should be noted that the girl is able to put up a front really well.

&gt; Has had five psychiatrists in the past.

&gt; Enjoys drawing/painting, learning new languages and writing poems.

&gt; Is depressed and tends to have a very victimized mentality. Blames herself for problems and doesn't want to report the abuse due to "trouble that the family will have to face".


She tells me she has stopped cutting herself lately. But the problem is that she refuses to tell anyone about her abuse and even tries to defend her father saying it's her fault. What can I do to help her?

Although she doesn't seem extremely suicidal, my concern is the physically and mental abuse that the girl is subject to everyday. This is not a very healthy environment for anyone to grow up in. I really wish she is rescued from the clutches of her belligerent, controlling father and her dysfunctional(?) family. 
