Just my thoughts on my life and being held a hostage by my momI've never posted anything before, but I feel like I need to get this out of my system. Maybe this doesn't even belong here since I won't be doing anything to myself as long as my mom lives, but I want to die. I've always considered myself to be fine, that I can just brush things off and go on.

But the other day I realized I was stabbing myself with scissors just to relieve the pain. Everything is building up, I see no way out, and I feel I'm being crushed. I feel so stupid, people have to go through horrid shit, and I fall at the first wind. Or I don't know, what is even considered to be a difficulty? Many would consider me lucky, but I feel anything but. I've struggled with depression most of my life, I remember vividly that even as a child I would think my parents would have it easier if I wasn't around. My first serious bout with suicidal thoughts was in 2005. All I could do was lie on the couch and wait for the time to pass by. My mom forced me into therapy and meds, and I guess it at least turned the volume down on the self destructive voices. Now they're back, and I'm just tired. 

I'm 29 years old and I've never had a boyfriend. Missing out on love and intimacy feels bad, especially since I've tried many times, but have been rejected almost every way possible. I was 25 when I had sex for a first time, and less than a year after that I was infected with herpes. So no more sex for me. Despite that I met a guy last summer, and I was very much in love. Too bad he told me he'd always thought that looks didn't matter until he met me. Apparently I didn't have that wow-effect, but he wanted to try, just because I was so damn nice. Thanks, man, really appreciate the effort.

Last year just before christmas a classmate of mine beat me up and tried to rape me which was a total bummer. I thought I was never going to heal, but a few months after this had happened one of my best friends that I had known for years, this very handsome and lovable guy told me that he felt I was perfect for him and wanted us to be together. I, being the gullible idiot that I am, believed him and decided to trust men for the last time. I was rewarded with him dumping me a few weeks later with no explanation what so ever. He just didn't answer the phone anymore one day. I knew he was fine, since he updated his Facebook like nothing had happened. And apparently it wasn't a big deal for him, but to me it was just the last drop.

To top that off I have recently graduated and have a very stressful job that strains every last drop of energy I had in me, which wasn't that much to being with... I feel like I have nothing to look forward in life, and I get so pissed off to everybody telling me to go get a hobby. I don't want a hobby, doing all the Zumba in the world or attending pottery classes for sick puppies won't make me want to live. I've given up on myself, I'd love to be a fighter and change my world around, but I don't appreciate myself enough to do that. I hate being the source of all my problems, I feel like there's no reason to suffer anymore. I need to eliminate my problem. I can't sleep anymore, and on the lucky days I don't feel anything. I'm becoming numb and hollow, I'm indifferent to everything. Is it bad that I wish my mom would die fast so that I can off myself? I guess she's the last thing I care about, I know it would be unbearable to her if anything happened to me. Parents tend to love their children more than they deserve - thank you for that, nature.
 
Sorry about the clumsy language and ranting. 