At wits endOkay im just gonna stream of conscience this jazz because i am so fucking done. Lets move past the stupid edgy i didnt sign up for this or asked to be born shit okay its everything after that. I was molested as a child multiple times in 3rd and 4th grade and manipulated. My own brothers treated me horribly. I had a few friends but not many i dont think i have any now ay all 0 friends and 2 cats i guess my bf can take. He'll move on its okay my family will too and most importantly my cats will be fine. My parents let a doctor put me on birth control when i was 12 years old for acne which i still have 10 years later and i stopped growing then. I was diagnosed with adrenal hyperplasia when i was 17 by an endocrine who also said i could have been taller and i just recently did the research to learn the adrenal gland regulates 50 hormones in the body. I dont even know. My family is fucked my mom died of cancer 2 years ago and my oldest brother is horrible violent schizophrenic and my other brother barely talks to me theyll get over it. I only like guys who dont like me and only unstable guys lik e me. I lost interest and motivation in everything im so depressed so for so long i soent a week in a psych ward for suicidal ideation last year i tried lexapro and hated it and i dont want to try any more meds ans i dont want to go back to the hospital i just really really want to end my life im sick of living it just to not hurt my family. I hate my stupid fucking ice cream shop job and i hate the world around me its so sick and so am i. I really cant keep up with this dimension much longer i cant imagjne getting better either. Im sick of the empty hollow feeling and the deep pains and trying so very hard and never feeling accepted or like i belong anywhere, i want to end it i dont want to go to a ward i want a real escape route i won't say my method just that i have seemingly already made a determined decision and now i just need a short bucket list to get me thru a few more months maybe a year because if im still alive this time next year then this whole note is wrong and i dont want to die and i am just sad but its been a year now that i want to die so ill wait and see. Yes i know, poor punctuation or whatever. My genetics are shitty i have cancer, diabetes, and schizophrenia rampant in my immediate family aso theres no point even considering reproduction. Ive just always hated myself. I've  already flown over the grand canyon so Fuck it heres my list what i can come up with right now, i want to eat pizza in a bubble bath, i want to snorkel with fishes maybe scuba dive, read a bible (never have),  do 3 days water/tea fast followed by a 3 day binge, use up my coconut scented hair products, make my own sushi, i really dont have interest in much like traveljmg or really doing much so thay might just be it i guess. Probably the snorkeling would be the extent of it . Wow great job me. Maybe ill put an update on this in half a year to a year just as of now i have zero interest in my own future.