I turned into a crazy ex and feel so patheticI was losing my mind after I quit smoking. Like I'm not the type of personality who likes to live with an increased risk of cancer. Fuck... Life isn't a joke. If your body gives out it's OVER. You have to eat extremely healthy, constantly work-out, make sure your body is in top shape. What did I do? Fucking SMOKE all day!! Everyday I would constantly smoke cigarettes and spliffs and my diet was just whatever. Like no idea, just dicking around with hamburgers and other garbage. Barely any fruits and vegetables. Just destroying my body.

NOW when I'm older I feel so fucked up about it. I constantly go to the gym, eat healthy, sleep well, quit smoking and trying to save my life. I'm 28, quit almost one year ago smoking like 5 spliffs (tobacco + weed in a joint) per day and cigarettes too. I think I'll get cancer because of smoking someday. Ahhhh :( Now I'm just a normal healthy person who tries to keep his body as healthy as possible. But it's fucking scary because I didn't do this for like 8 or 9 years at all. It's such a fucking huge contrast... It feels like such a different person who did that. 

So naturally: I lose my mind. I talk with everyone about this. Everyone encourages me to keep going. I go with my friend to the gym everyday. I eat so much healthy food! Like I'm just manically trying to get better. Gain weight and become so much healthier. I also want to talk with my ex for some reason. I'm not thinking this through and let her know how hopeless I feel. She was so helpful in the past and I'm like I need to talk with her. But I'm so DUMB because I get completely carried away when she finally replies. I finally have her attention and want her to listen what I'm going through. She blocks me though and something goes haywire in my brain and I keep making new accounts (it takes like 3 seconds on instagram). I keep talking about my problems and she keeps saying something I want to reply to and then blocks me. I walk right into a trap. Oversharing my problems with her and then she feels overwhelmed and insults me so heavily. Like fuck... So heartbreaking what she said. Makes me even feel worse. I really don't understand why I did this. Being so fucking annoying with making new accounts. She engaged a bit so everytime she blocks me and I want to reply to what she says. I didn't even think about what I was doing was strange. Ugh wtf why did I do this 😓

After that I keep begging her for months to talk because it's like... Just give me some validation :( You can't insult me so badly that my whole spirit is broken and then not talk to me ever again. So then I get stuck in this compulsive rut of sending her messages on instagram dm and then think: nah, this doesn't work and delete them again. Then write them again because living with those insults repeating in my head hurts too much too. I wrote so much shit and then deleted it again. I just kept thinking of things to say why it's fucked up why she treats me like this. Broke up for her. She didn't even let me explain how I was living incredibly healthy now and that I'm trying so hard to save my life. If she'd just call and let me make amends I'd feel so much better. But after months of trying and embarrassing myself I gave up. She doesn't want to talk at all and now I've spammed her so much in vain that I'm even more fucked up because I turned into a stalker. Like crazy ex to the max.

My emotions are calmed down a bit after like 6 months, but I feel so utterly embarrassed for my pathetic behavior. Like if your ex clearly indicates she's not the right person to talk about this then why did I keep going? It's so strange that I did that. I also kept trying to explain it after she wrote her insanely cruel last message, but it's just such weird behavior of me. Then I harassed her for months to talk it out because her insults ruined me so much that I walked around as a zombie. Feel so destroyed by this situation. Like I'm such an idiot to end up in this position. I wish she had saved me with a 'I will never reply again' and I would have gotten the message. I guess I kept making new accounts because I wanted her to understand me? Like humans like to be understood by people they care about so I wanted to tell her about my extreme existential crisis I'm going through and she just keeps dismissing me and even saying she doesn't fucking care if I die and so much harmful other stuff in the end. That made my problems even worse. I felt even smaller and felt like I don't deserve to live. I felt completely broken by her insults and often slept for way too long to escape having to face another day with her words hating on me constantly repeating in my head. FUCK. So hard to make a comeback after acting like this. What's wrong with me??? Why am I such a strange idiot?? :( Fuck, fuck, fuck :(