WhateverThis is like... a once in a lifetime situation. Usually, when I am in a state of self hatred and drunken haze I usually vent to something or someone. But I guess this is better than breaking the furnitures in my apartment.

To be honest: in my country I have a life which's better than 90% of my fellow countrymen. Yet, there is that itch or urge or whatever you call it that makes me feel uneasy even on better days.

Yeah, I admit, I had plenty women, but never one who's even close to a soulmate. And it has been destroying me in the past two decades. 

I'm almost 38. Living alone with my cat. Fucking up anything that could lead to a stable relationship... For who know's how long.

I can't even begin to list the fucked up shit I've done. Really. Drugs, alcohol, anything. You couldn't imagine it...

Yet, I'm empty. Hollow. Nothing inside. And no matter how I try, no matter what I try to use to plug that hole, it never helps. Not even a bit.

I'd love to describe it. Really. I'd like to know WHAT this shit is, that makes me want to kill myself every single day. Maybe it's my mistakes, my idiotic behavior, I don't know.

All I know is that I had a great evening with great people in my home town, and yet, when I got home... All I wanted is to never wake up again. Cause it's pointless, self-repeating, and just pathetic...

I dunno.... I shouldn't write this, here, for you. Really. I know that maybe one or two of you will understand that feeling... That itch... That needle in your head. Which tells you that no matter what, you'll never fit. With anyone, ever....

It just feels so bad. From day to day. I want to erase it. Remove it. But the only thing that makes it go away is me being erased...

This is not a plea to be saved, or anything. I'll do what I'll do regardless of what you lot say (fuck you btw.)...

I just hope there is someone around who understands me. Someone who's like me. Having better times than most people, yet being so completely abandoned, so left alone that the only thing I can imagine is drinking and drugging myself to death.

I dunno.... Really... I'm just rambling as a drunk and high asshole.

Does anyone get it? :(