i'm a stranger to myselfi know that this will probably go unread because of it's length.. it is basically my life story.

When I was in first grade my parents divorced. I had no clue why I wasn't seeing them in the same places anymore, and I was completely in the dark about what the hell was going on. So over the course of that year I internalized all the issues and convinced myself that it was all my fault that they couldn't be together around me. THIS IS IMPORTANT. I thought that they just weren't together around me. i thought it was just something that parents do. I rationalized that they took turns working while the other parent was with me.

So then about mid way through second grade someone finally told me that my parents had gotten divorced and it was like night and day. life just shut the fuck off right then as it all sunk in. I beat myself up over and over about how it was my fault and that i could have dome something to save their relationship. I was a smart kid, and i was very keen at drawing the relationships between things and what came of it. So in way I came to the conclusion that because the union that had brought me into existence was split, that i was inherently an outlier. and when i say that i mean in the sense that i didn't quite belong. i felt unwanted and began to seclude myself in my own head. Which ended up making me a much smarter person in general, but it comes back to bite later in life. 

The isolation that resulted from my seclusion became chronic. It skewed what people saw as my personality from an outgoing friendly person, into a quiet, secluded and contempt individual. That felt great for a long time too. i'm inherently suggestible, so if I am being told something over and over again I will end up believing it. In this case I thought that I was something that I wasn't. 

Then in middle school is when the discrepancy started to take it's toll. As I started thinking more and more about myself and why I didn't seem to fit in anywhere or why no one really wanted to be friends with me, I ended up getting a tad self destructive. I went through a little mini suicidal stint, but I didn't really grasp the concept of suicide itself so it was mostly harmless. But I really solidified my depression in this time. Also I developed crippling social anxiety. To this day I cannot show myself to people when I interact with them. Thus I formed the "mask" that so many like minded people develop. To anyone unfamiliar with that term, an emotional mask is a covering to a powerful and visceral set of emotions that you interact through almost like a second face. 

I was conscious about my decision to live life with a mask on. another big mistake that is coming back to haunt me currently. 

Long story short, in seventh grade I was infatuated by this girl named Kaitlyn and she kept dating all my friends and that made my life pitiful for a while. Then in 8th grade I joined the school dance team and found my healthy escape. i made my only true friend in the world and we won 2 major national dance competitions in one year. 
Once I had sufficiently come to terms with life, in fact as my demons and I were signing the peace agreement and I got sent to a private all guys catholic school. 
Freshman year I wanted to die. but I was too afraid to do it. Every night I foolishly prayed to a deaf god that all my sufferings could just end in a dissociating wave of oblivion. I went through every day hoping that some freak accident would end me so i wouldn't have to. Then, I had to start trying really fucking hard in biology just to stay in school. i failed the first semester with a 40 something and the Councillor told me i needed a 90 to not be expelled. My parents made my life a living hell (they thought i was fine at this time) and every fucking second was spent doing some bullshit that my biology teacher only assigned me to "catch up" (that crusty hag just hated me). i made it through the year, barely passing, So sophomore year i had her again for chemistry so i decided to freak her out by trying in class. in the process I reignited a passion for science that almost made me smile sometimes. And of course, the devil himself decided to pop into my life in the form of a girl names grace.

So now we get to why i am really fucked. 

I gave her every little bit of my being while we dated. She was the only person i came out of my shell for. she was worth living for. I was happy for the first time in 10 years and it felt amazing. but that ended and she did it like a coward. over text, the day before valentines day. I secluded myself more thoroughly than I ever had before. I didn't speak to anyone for 4 days. i just laid in bed and cried. i rapidly became actively suicidal again as my mental state deteriorated (i tried to kill myself once before, when i was still with grace) then i tried again. 36mg xanax (this is actually ridiculous in itself. this alone should have killed me), handle of everclear and 30mg of adderall to try to speedball. but somehow i didn't die. 

so come today, the "mask" is it's own person. i feel like i died that night. like i shouldn't be here right now typing this. i'm a spectator to my own actions. I'm developing dissociative personality disorder i've been told. it actually makes sense in retrospect. People treated me like someone I'm not and i went along with it. i fucked myself. i don't know what to do, the world seems to be crashing in from all sides, i've never felt so alone. i just want everything to be over with.