I've been thinkingSo most people have something they strive to fullfil in life. Some of us want to become doctors, some writers, some parents. And those around them want to see them succeed and support them with whatever they can do.

I share some of those wishes too. But the one thing that I really want to happen above all else will never be supported by those around me. I want to die; I've wanted to die for more than half my life.

Life is full of beautiful things and the world is incredibly beautiful. When you are moved by an emotional movie, when you help a friend surpass a long-term challenge, when you ace your courses after a semester of hard work. These things make you feel like the world is right.

But then there's the other side of the coin: the things that make you not content with what the world is. When somebody you admired dies. When your lover breaks up with you. When, after much hard work and devotion, you are still unable to pass half your credits, and drop out of school.

All of these are terrible events... But, in a way, they are beneficial to you. Much like how getting together with that special person gave you so much pleasure, breaking up with them fills you with sadness. It reminds you that you're living. It's what allows that pleasure to exist in the first place.

No, the really crippling side of life is not those rare but catastrophic events.

It's your everyday.

When you wake up, and your only notifications are about how you've neglected to submit your financial aid documents for the third day in a row.

When you send a friend a text, and they don't answer.

When you hear that people are secretly talking about you behind your back.

When you try cooking an omelette for breakfast and fail.

When you go through an entire day of school without talking to a single person.

When you go to work and spend four, six, right hours fantasizing about how you'd want to be anywhere else.

When you pick up your pencil to draw, and the only thing that comes out of your hand is gibberish.

When you sit down to do your homework and spend an hour on a single quick assignment.

When you don't even have enough energy to sit down and play a videogame: your fingers won't move.

When you go to bed and you won't fall asleep.

When you go three hours over your bedtime, take a sleeping pill, go another three hours without sleep, spend two hours on the computer because it's too late to sleep, have your breakfast and go to school because it's too dangerous to skip, fall asleep during class and be mocked and scolded, go back home where you won't fall asleep, somehow manage to fall asleep at a reasonable hour later in the day after not doing any work, then wake up an hour after your first morning class starts.

That kind of life that slowly eliminates your will to live completely. Why is it in my best interest to go with it?

Is it gonna get better? For sure. Hell, my life is so much better now than it used to be. But I still don't feel like I wanna live. Maybe I'll never do. Maybe the bad things about life are so much more powerful to me than the good things, it's just not worth it for me to go on.

And yet this completely rational desire is written off as the irrational will of somebody too preoccupied with the minute to realize the actual, objective value of the good life that he should be living.

Nobody will support me, not after I've described to them how much I really don't want to be here. And that's understandable. Nobody wants to see their friend, boyfriend, son, team member disappear from the face of the Earth.

But I think I have the right to decide on my own desires too.

It's not a whim, people. It's life slowly scratching off any will I'd possibly have to continue living.

People will look at me from the outside and think: What is this guy going on about? He has everything! He's going to a good school, he has loving parents that care for him, he has food on his plate everyday for God's sake.

And all of that is true. And I wish I wouldn't take all of these things for granted and they gave me the will I need to keep going. But I can't.

So, I don't want to keep going. This is my wish. It's not unfounded, it's not irrational. Why will nobody respect it?

Dunno if I'll come back to check any replies, just needed to rant for a bit. Sorry about my English as it's my second language.