Destined to fail at lifeI honestly don't know where to start. Part of me wants to beg for help, another part of me just wants to give up on life and not care at all. I always was a very socially awkward guy, but the depression and the occasional chest pains started once I received my A-level results and went off to a shitty, non-Russell group uni (Kingston). 

I'm in my second year now, and it has just not changed one bit since I started first year. I don't have any friends whatsoever in university, and I realise that this is completely my fault as I am pretty much a social outcast who has no self confidence whatsoever. Education was the only route to success for due to the type of guy I was. Back in secondary school, I had a huge passion for History and I was probably the best History student of my year; my teacher said that I would be very successful in life if I continue to work hard. Once I started college (high school), I realised that I didn't really enjoy anything I was doing, and the only reason I had motivation to go in was because a few of my friends from secondary school attended the same college I did. In short, college didn't go well as I hardly revised for my exams. I did okay in coursework since, it's... well, coursework. After not getting into my first/second choice uni's and disgracing my parents, I just didn't know what to do with my life. I considered taking an apprenticeship course, but in the end I ended up calling a couple crap uni's through clearing and just make a decision to go to one of them.

First year, by the way, was terrible. I played a game called 'League of Legends' to forget everything else and I just played it nonstop as I considered it to be my medication to this crushing depression. The only instance where I did talk to people at my uni was when I was doing a group podcast; I did about 80% of the work and then my group members deleted me off their contacts list after that. I did occasionally make conversation in seminars, but only on an academic level. 

After I finished my first year, my summer break was actually surprisingly 'ok' (I expected it to be completely soul-destroying with no one to talk to). I started going gym with 2 friends, and life was actually pretty good for a change, just talking to my 2 old friends completely changed how I felt. I told myself that I will change in the second year, and I was hugely optimistic that I would change. Again, it's the same old same old where I am just too depressed to do any work and my inability to make friends, or even start a conversation with someone that isn't academic just makes me feel pathetic. I'm a fairly tall-ish (6'0), decent-ish looking for a West Asian guy. But I just don't have any confidence to go out there and make the most of my student life. 

Today I've learnt that my friend, a girl I've known for 3 years, has recently been using me to do some of her assignments for her. I also was meaning to meet her this year since she moved to London for Uni, and I was planning to ask her out. She met another guy and just stopped talking to me unless she begged me to complete her assignment for her because she couldn't do it. This girl was the only person I could open up to, and pretty much the only girl I had the confidence to talk to.

So yeah, it's absolutely pathetic, I know, but I just don't know who to talk to anymore. I now have no one, other than my parents who think I'm an idiot for not doing well in my A-levels, I have no one else to talk to. I just can't seem to muster up the confidence to get out there and make conversation with people (I see that this is the #1 advice people give). 

I told my uncle, who is quite young, a lot of these things during my first year, he said he felt like giving me a slap. 

Apologies for the long post, I don't expect any help or advice, I just wanted to let it all out. I tried to keep it brief, there are still a number of things I did leave out as I cannot even be arsed to finish off this post. The only thing that helped me cage this depression was her, and League of Legends, which I don't even enjoy anymore.

EDIT: I forgot to mention that for the past week I can't eat nor sleep, and it's completely messing up my ability to focus. I just don't know what to do. In my lectures this week I simply couldn't pay attention. With me being quite skinny, it's important for me to keep eating to gain weight but it just seems impossible, I can only manage 1 meal a day now. 
 