I think about killing myself at least once a daySometimes it's a whisper, sometimes it's a scream and it makes my body twitch in anticipation. I already have a plan, I know what I want to do, I just need the tools to do it. I want to leave a note, it's the least I could do but I don't know what to say. I feel like I've said everything that I need to.

I don't speak to my father, my mother is dead, she died on November 3, 2015, right before Thanksgiving and the holiday season. When that happened I lost the light in my life. I was 20 years old. My brother, my last living family member, is 800+ miles away and hardly speaks to me even after I continuously reach out. My step-father, after being sober for three years, recently relapsed and refuses help. I feel like I'm alone in this world.

I work and I pay my bills, I do everything that I'm supposed to do but that's all I do. I got clean from drugs because I thought that would make me feel better but I just feel worse. I've tried to get better but it doesn't work, it never does; I don't know why I even try.

I hardly talk to people outside of work aside from my boyfriend, but he can't be there 24/7 and I can't expect him to be. I can't expect him to cradle me every time I get depressed. I have my cat and I don't know what will happen to her after I do it, I know she'll miss me but it's hard to take that to heart, as fucked up as that sounds. It's just not enough. I wish she could talk so that I would have at least one friend in this world. My roommate has a cat and she absolutely adores mine, so I would probably leave my cat to her.

I know how I'm gonna do it. I think about it every day, I imagine the different scenarios and try to think of every way it could fail so I can plan around it. I finally found the other half to my plan but I can't get it for about a week or so. I want to get it by November 3 so I can do it then, I think it'll make it easier to accept if that's the case.

Over the course of the next week or so I'm going to pack stuff away in preparation, that way it'll be less of a mess to go through for my brother, my roommate, or my boyfriend. I don't think I'll kill myself in my apartment though, too much of a risk that someone would interrupt, plus i don't have a bathtub that I can soak in for relaxation.