Feeling oddSo I have this necklace I made, it has a quote from my fav poem.  The poem baslicly says you don't need to kill yourself today, just try, see what happens, you can always kill yourself later.  I made the necklace perhaps 8 years ago in a bhc.  I'm 35 and I struggled with depression, anxiety, so ect ect since at least the 5th grade.

Anyways I just feel odd... Oh yeah that necklace broke yesterday.  So it broke yesterday and yesterday I had a nice day.  But over all I have been slipping back into depression and haven't been taking my medication or going to appts.  I kinda have kinda given up the last few years, can't bring myself to work anymore...  Wait what am I doing, I didn't mean to tell you my history.

Anyways.  The necklace broke and I really liked it but things come and go and it's not what upset me.  If anything I appreciate that I liked it and it's time had come.  

But what makes me feel odd is my current level of safty, how I would probably agree to death at this moment, mixed with the unavailablity of a bch to feel safer as well as the necklace that reminded me to die another day not today, died that day.  Almost as if it were a sign or a stopwatch and perhaps that later day is today...  

I have been passively planning on not living in the future.  I don't care for possessions or money.  I mostly spend on food or other consumable things.  But I didn't plan on leaving now, but it makes me think why not now.  What more would even come...  Nothing new and nothing good has happened lately, if anything it is as always, consistently getting slightly worse...  

I'm not in danger atm, I just feel really odd.  As if death actually showed up and said that he is here to forfill my wish but now I don't wanna go, and he asks why and I don't know...  I just feel hopelessly odd atm about living, just like I felt hopelessly alone when I was a young virgin...  Perhaps I'll always live this story just with different names and places...  Perhaps life will get a tad better at some point.  But even if it doesnt, I had some deeply loving relationships (in my ruminating daydreams) and those feelings are something I will always treasure and hopefully I'll someday learn to forgive others for expecting perfection from me but give me less than minimum when talking about the deep feelings of love and validation I once got from my ruminations.  

And even if I don't, I ask that if you need to daydream about me.  I'd love to do anything to make you happy.  I just wish we as people would actually care that deeply for one another, but it always seems to be some bastardization of that...  But it's ok.  I love you even tho I will never know you.

Edit: if anyone is interested here is the poem

"To the Young Who Want to Die," by Gwendolyn Brooks

Sit down. Inhale. Exhale.
The gun will wait. The lake will wait.
The tall gall in the small seductive vial
will wait will wait:
will wait a week: will wait through April.
You do not have to die this certain day.
Death will abide, will pamper your postponement.
I assure you death will wait. Death has
a lot of time. Death can
attend to you tomorrow. Or next week. Death is
just down the street; is most obliging neighbor;
can meet you any moment.

You need not die today.
Stay here--through pout or pain or peskyness.
Stay here. See what the news is going to be tomorrow.

Graves grow no green that you can use.
Remember, green's your color. You are Spring.