Im doneI’m tired. I’ve been getting treatment for three years. Three years of a wonderful psychiatrist pulling out all of the stops trying to help me. I had a good therapist for two years, before I was told via email that she was getting rid of her “challenging” patients, and that my multitude of miscarriages and ectopic pregnancies were too triggering for her. I floundered for a bit before finding another therapist who was just ehh. Got rid of her when I changed jobs and she didn’t take my husbands insurance. Have a new one I’ve seen maybe 5 times. She’s good. But nothing is breaking through. Nothing helps. I have no hope. The only thing I’m worried about is my son. He’s only 5. He loves me unconditionally because... he’s fucking five. Of course he does. But it’s not enough anymore. I found out today that one of my husband best friends runs around referring to herself as his queen. In his words, “black people use those as terms of endearment all the time” which is bullshit. I may be mixed but I grew up predominantly with my black mother and black stepfather. “Queen, king” were reserved for marital relationships. 

I’ve been on meds. I’ve been in therapy. Hell. I’ve been getting my brain zapped every other week for the past year and a half. I just can’t fucking do it anymore. My doctor wants to try ketamine therapy once my insurance from my new job kicks in. But the approval process is fucking hell. And I have no hope it will actually be effective. 

I’m tired. I’m tired of pretending I’m ok. School and work and motherhood. I can’t do it anymore. My anxiety has just been atrocious. My depression, it’s taken on legendary proportions. 

My husband is just as mad at me as I am at him. I have enough seroquel that I’m pretty sure it’ll take care of it. I moved to the guest room this afternoon and the odds of him coming in here to talk to me are very low. Our son has already come in to tell me goodnight. It’s just me and the pills in here now, and I’ve never been this close to taking them before. I want to hope, and I want to believe, but the evidence has been against it for so long. The evidence has been against me getting better for so long. I’m tired. I’m so so tired of being here. 

I just hope it’s a drift off to sleep thing.