I can't take it...I live with a disgusting excuse for a human being and mother. I've been raising her son from the age of 3 until now. He's almost 12. She has had a job TWICE in these 8+ years. Once at a grocery store for a couple months that she got fired from because she was constantly late and couldn't adhere to a simple white shirt dress code. After I pushed and pushed her to get there on time, to the point where I was literally helping her get dressed! Pathetic! Now, 4 years later, she's temporarily delivering packages for the holidays and she's back on her high horse. Mind you, up until this year, I have consistently worked 2-4 jobs at all times. Bringing in at least $5k a month. She inherited a house from her grandmother and we currently live here with her son.
Now I'm not innocent in all this by any means. But she's the person who always takes everything and turns out around on me. She blames me for EVERYTHING! Even if she breaks something out Burns food or fucks up her car and I'm not even there, she will somehow relate it to me and blame me. It's absolute insanity! I can't win! She has also fallen asleep while smoking 3 times where a fire has actually started. Once I woke up and MY blanket was engulfed in flames while I was sleeping with it, another time she stopped her cig in the bathroom after taking asleep, hours into the bedroom, I smell smoke and almost an entire door was on fire, and another time I woke up to a room full of smoke and another blanket was on fire. I've saved her, her son and this house 3 times from catching on fire! 
As for her son, he cannot read still. I partly blame myself for working so much when he was little, but she was too worried about getting high to read and teach him anything. Now, he plays video games and needs help. She'll be sitting 10 feet away and cannot be bothered to get off her ass and help him. She does absolutely NOTHING except get him for once in a while or yell at him. I am also the disciplinarian and everything else. 
I lost my mother to covid in March as well, lost my mother's house and had nothing to my name except some old clothes. I literally have nothing to lose anymore. I did not have a single grey hair until beginning of Summer, now my head is covered. I can't take it anymore. 
Someone needs to teach this bitch a lesson. She's lied and gotten me arrested before and even lied and put a guy in jail for 7 years! Not to mention why she's divorced.
This woman is garbage. Someone needs to beat the piss out of her cuz I obviously can't. She thinks she's like gods gift or something. She has 0 friends and she wonders why. All she cares about is getting high. And guess what, it's my fault she's a junkie because ya know, I was in jail and she started using with her friend and I found out way after I got out. BUT THAT'S MY FAULT TOO SOMEHOW! I don't even use. 
Lastly, I think you can tell I'm only here for the kid. And that's the truth. I'm gonna end up offing myself when it's this cunt that deserves to die!