I have dodged two bullets of death but I don't know why I am aliveI had an accident in 2017 when I was going for my exam because I had a huge fight my bro at home. I was going with my cycle when I hit a school bus and flown in the air and lost consciousness(and it was completely my fault since I was crossing a highway and didn't even watch the bus coming towards me). I still don't know how I only got a scratch on my ears instead of being dead or resting on a hospital bed. 



Then in 2018 I diagnosed with Dengue and I had only about 5000 WBCs left. I was almost dead but my mom  even after being obese, and with almost no money in hand, went from place to place for finding WBCs the whole fucking night (from 12 am to 3 am as I remember). But again, I survived. 



The whole 2019, I fucked up. I was depressed as fuck, I left my tuition classes even after paying all of my money(no refund) and bailing on the only  best friend  I had in my life.
And he hates me now. I don't talk to me anymore.




I never had friends since I was a kid. The friends I had only made fun of me in front of others, prioritized others over me, never helped me in any projects and never helped me in the way I wanted in general. My neighbors hate me and my family because we pet stray dogs and also, I don't know why but they hated us before too. My relatives always leave my mom alone on her own so she's just sitting alone in a chair whenever there's an occasion(most of the time we aren't even called). I told her once how is she able to handle herself and she said she also doesn't want to continue her life anymore, she's just here for me and my bro and sis. I came to know my grandpa sexually assaulted my mom when she was in collage, but since my mom and grandma didn't have any support from anywhere they had to continue their lives as it was. The POS grandpa is the only source of income at our house($150/month). So there's no way me, my bro or sis can go against him now too. We are poor as fuck. I just don't know what the fuck to do. My mom only lived a bad life, and she is still continuing it. She gives me hope, that we have to live our life no matter what, but seeing how all of her 50 years of life went exclusively through shit, I don't think out life will ever become better. I don't wanna continue this shithole. Man, I am depressed as fuck right now.