I just can't handle life as a human being. 4 years ago I was arrested for assault with intent to kill. When I got fed up with the way "customers" and I use that term only to describe the human trash that frequented but never purchased anyway from the establishment for which I was employed, I decided to quit. My boss didn't take the idea of my quitting lightly and attacked me. I retaliated and did permanent damage to his body and mind. I was convicted and sentenced to jail. That's where I spent the last 4 years, isolated and under constant attack until 2 months ago. 

I've been trying to rebuild my life. Everything I owned was thrown away and I lost my car. I didn't have much money because I've never made much money. I find myself in a position where I feel nothing but hate towards everyone I interact with. Hate isn't a descriptive enough term or word to describe my feelings towards others. It's not necessarily the individual I hate, it's human nature. The asinine reasoning that ends up with me cleaning up a mess that shouldn't of happened or having conversation that's going nowhere. I watch TV and it's nothing but a very basic set of problems that could be solved if human nature wasn't so broken. Just listening to others makes me want to leave this place. I have no connection to anyone here. I can't function in a world like this. I think what really turned me against everyone the most other than being around them were all the different therapists I was forced to deal with in jail. Talking to them was like pulling teeth. All they did was turn me against any kind of therapy or help for the rest of my life.

It's just horrible how stupid most people are. It's not worth the time or trouble to weed though the bad ones to find someone I can relate to. I'm not talking about companionship either. I already know that's an unreasonable expectation. I'm talking about finding someone you can work with so there's a chance of being half way successful in this screwed up world. 

Since it's too much trouble to have anyone or anything in my life I'm going to kill myself. A life without advancement is bad enough, a life around you people makes it even worse. I'm leaving this world because I don't want to wake up another day feeling trapped like I for the better part of the last decade. 

I'll leave you all to your worthless miserable lives. My only regret is not being able to watch the worthless sap that will have to clean up the mess I'm about to leave. 