I am in no way planning suicide.I say this for legal purposes and so that there is no misunderstanding, and also because it is the truth.

I do not plan on any harm to myself or anyone else.

I will say this much.  If I wanted to take my own life, I would feel it was my right.

I would feel resentment towards our present system for forcing people into a situation where they can be detained without trial. 

At a minimum it's unconstitutional and barbaric.

If I wanted to commit suicide, I also would have arrived at that decision because of the mistreatment inflicted upon me by others.

Some of those "others" in question being the moderators of this exact subs sister subs.

There's nothing worse than knowing the troll who trolled you, and got their friends to troll you, is the same troll who you'd have to rely on for comfort...if you decided you didn't want to go on.

I've been abused by the mental health system.  Once is enough.  I don't intend to have it happen again.

My life is dedicated to fighting against psychiatry..and part of the reason I fight against psychiatry is to prevent rape.

I also want to say for the record that I am furious and offended as hell that there are mods in r/rape who are trolls, and who are pro psychiatry and direct people to get psychiatric help...when in reality one in four women who are forced into psychiatric situations wind up being raped.

Some are raped by the same psychiatrist that is supposed to be helping them to get by.

One of the things I personally survived..that has taken me four years to talk about..was being trolled on line.

Being involuntarily committed.

And then being face to face with my online trolls as a result.

And having no one believe me that it happened.

For people to say "Get help" is like more gas lighting.

I don't know how they can say such an awful and inexcusable thing to me.

If I weren't so strong I would have wanted to commit suicide.

I would have become like other people who are not as amaizing as I am.

I would have become a TI like Myron May.

Instead I am a TI maybe more like Tim Tresspass, or Sharon Poet.

As a TI, please consider, the causes of rape and suicide may be the very things that are there to allegedly prevent it.

Look close to home if you are looking for some of the problems.

Look at how your nursing staff, or your intake physicians treat your suicidal clientele.

Ask yourselves why you have repeat customers.

For the record, and for legal purposes let me repeat.  I am in no way a danger to myself or anyone else.  

If I am detained because of posting here I have a civil rights lawyer on standby.