I just want someone to either kick my ass until I've grown up or died.M/19
Fuck it. I'm really sad right now and don't want to bother anyone IRL but have to get things of my chest. Sorry for rambling if you decide to read that (which I doubt) but I've never vented even on the Internet but it seems like I'm going crazy if I won't. Buckle up, this will gonna be a long text (sorry for my bad English btw., I'm German).
I don't jump to the conclusion that I'm actually depressed (clinically) but I guess there is something wrong with me.
I think my problem is in fact that I'm weak minded and egocentric and overall a shit person. I've got this feeling that (nearly) everybody else is dealing with similiar problems or more so feelings but knows how to keep them away and appreciate everything else. Nearly everybody would probably think I'm quite stable because I'm very restrained especially if I'm not home and as I said never share my feelings with anybody because I don't want to bother people with things that actually aren't real problems. Most people would probably say that I'm quite successful actually: Despite being really lazy and being hindered by my emotions and being really introverted I was one of the best of my year even though I'd say that I'm quite stupid. This trend continues in university as well. I'm studying biology at a well respected university and despite being dumber than probably everybody else I've got the luck to be in the top 5 percent of my year having an average of 1.4. Studying biology is a dream come true but despite the fact that I never even thought I'd achieve this and thinking it would finally make me feel less miserable and pathetic it just doesn't seem to fulfill me. Nearly everybody else seems to be as happy as can be because they have the privilege to learn all this cool stuff and are really enthusiastic whereas I experience this amazement and enthusiasm rarely. Because of this I feel like I don't deserve this privilege. Though I've only told this my best friend and as you could imagine he told me what I already knew: That everybody else is experiencing similiar doubts. The problem is: This doesn't reasure me. In fact I feel even more pathetic for feeling the way I do.
This maybe sounds like I try to be really 'manly' by not talking to anyone but that's not the case. (I think trying to be manly by doing 'manly stuff' is actually quite ridiculous and sad as it shows that one is just insecure and has a lack of personality. It's much more impressive to be yourself even if that means you enjoy something unusual)
It's just that I think I never learned to talk about my problems and thus I don't even know how to express what I feel like. Therefore I feel really uncomfortable to bother anyone with my problems and decided that nobody except my best friend is allowed to catch just a glimpse of my inner conflicts. There's one exception when I confessed most of my problems to a girl after she told me hers (which were arguably much more severe I would say but at least she was quite open about them) but because of misunderstandings (at first she loved me but I didn't love her but didn't notice/believe someone could love me, then I loved her, drugs, feelings of betrayal &gt;&gt;teenage drama I guess) we aren't nearly as close as we used to be and we/I am still recovering from that. But despite the fact that this story took quite a toll on me I didn't dare to tell anybody because I was ashamed of the whole situation, me confessing my problems to her and some actions of me. I just don't like to be remembered of my weaknesses and mistakes. For example I used to bully this one kid probably because of my inferiority complex and being bullied myself (but I'd say I deserved it in some way (pissed my pants in first week of middle school on a school trip in the woods because I was to scared to ask if I could go) and now I'm friends with both ones that used to bully me and the guy I bullied myself) and everytime this is brought up in a haha funny way I cringe so hard that it's hard for me to keep my calm and collected outside. 
Maybe some of my problems originate from my father and my familiy. He's clinically depressed as I recently found out and had to deal with a hell of a childhood though he never talks about that. His depression manifests in a lot of ways: He won't talk about problems which goes so far that he once disappeared and my mom had to call every hospital in our city to find out he was having surgery, won't admit any mistakes and blame everybody else, is really choleric in general and he isn't able to show love in the slightest so I crave for every bit of affection he shows me like a simple hug (There have been maybe 3 or 4 of them in my conscious part of life) while simultanously feeling relieved when I found out that he possibly has cancer. Well because of that I think I've got on the one hand a big thirst for appreciation and acknowledgment and on the other hand can't handle compliments or being honored (especially in front of an audience). This results in the paradox that I one the one hand kind of secretely brag about my accomplishments by mentioning them when someone asks me and it's appropriate but on the other hand I then 'act' (I don't know if you could say that's genuine humbleness but I'm genuinely ashamed) humble when someone is therefore impressed/interested/compliments me. 
Additionally I sometimes even lie about some accomplishments or make them seem more impressive then they are (for example I won a fellowship of the German association of chemics (GDCH) because I was the best in chemistry of my year and thus they would've supported me if I would have chosen to study chemistry but I tend to tell that I had a scholarship for chemistry)
 
I tend to lie a lot actually and I'm not really honest for which I despise myself. Often times I don't even know why I lied myself or I get myself into situations im which I have to lie. Often times I tell a false story if I don't know what to tell someone I'm alone with anymore and have to talk to. It's kind of a reflex as I fear this uncomfortable silence so I'll tell a dumb story or even if I know what to tell someone I'll change the story without any reason or exagerate something (dramatically).

As mentioned earlier I take drugs and I don't see anything wrong with that as I am far from being addicted (I only take something every 2-4 months(except maybe alcohol) nor do I crave any drugs though I enjoy them). But sometimes I dream about the 'golden shot' as it seems to be a rather enjoyable death but I never attempted suicide though I have and had some plans. I don't do much self harm except hitting myself (though as I got older and stronger this got more severe) as I started self harm while I was quite young and didn't really know about cutting and as I've seen really horrible scars I'm quite glad about that. 

I used to be quite a loner and for 4 years actually and talked with nobody outside of school or at least never met with someone. I think that contributes to my communication problem as well. Now that I've got friends I don't tell someone that I'm not in the mood to meet them (because I'm sad) but either meet them anyway or tell them I can't come for some elaborate reason. 

But recently it just seems that I'm not able to restrain myself anymore or at least it takes all my energy and it feels worse then ever. Just today I was invited to a party of my best friend but I don't even have the energy to tell him I won't come because there simply isn't any energy left for me to continue. I just can't come up with the lies and thus I'm paralyzed and just don't answer their texts. I'm so tired of myself and being this stupid. 

Something I wouldn't normally tell anyone without being forced: Even though I have more female then male friends and sometimes even cuddle with them, cook with them and even had 2 female friends fall in love with me... I still haven't had my first kiss. I don't know if that's because I'm quite ugly (maybe a 3/10; 5/10 being average) but I guess I somehow 'tricked' (I'm convinced and as I am a objectivly despicable person if someone would look through my mascerade that nobody would love my true self) at least 2 into liking me and even though they are gorgeous and I am one lucky bastard that they'd even consider me... I don't have the same feelings for them. They are sad because of me which makes me feel terrible. Sometimes I try to comfort me by telling myself that I don't want a girlfried because I fear I could become my dad as I already am quite cold on the outside and feel the coldness seeping deeper and deeper until I finally am completely cold.
Right now I'm in love with one gorgeous poor girl whose personality blows my mind. She cares about me (I think) and trusts me: We've taken some MDMA together and she was sitting on my lap because she probably doesn't even think I could be stupid enough to even think I could have a chance and while we were high we talked about our problems and she seems to have such a high opinion of me. Meanwhile I betray her and think about us being together.
I feel terrible and thusly terrible for being an asshole for feeling terrible as everybody else with my sort of miniscule teenage problems is a fucking grown up and deals with them while I am laying in my bed and don't even have the energy to go outside or do any of my hobbies. Sittin here procrastinating and wasting my time. I don't want sympathy I just want someone to either kick my ass until I've grown up or died. I don't want to talk to nobody but I guess I had to confess to someone that I'm a total piece of shit even though I feel like an pathetic asshole begging for attention.
Sorry