On the edge over and over again. Thinking about a plan.This weekend, over nothing much really. My fiancée of two and a half years screamed at me, involved her and my parents, spat in my face and kicked me out. 

This is not the first time this has happened and in fact this is the second time in a month. 

She tells me how much she hates me for any and every little indiscretion and then when I’m bawling and shaking and terrified of her she will come back down to earth and try and fix it with a hug. But I was already packing again. I was still re living everything she said to me. How she hates me that I can’t get a job and that she thinks I’m lazy and stupid and a moron and anything else that may have ever pissed her off.

I have no job, no future, no real home, no space, no money, no time, no skills, no opportunities. I am ugly, fat, not probably single and will be for the rest of my miserable life. 

I can’t fix anything anymore and I think it’s my time to give up. With everything falling around me. It’s almost like I was never ever meant to get better or be happy. 

I have decided that I will go up to the hill one night this week and look out across the Solent. I’ll remind myself in the dark of what will never be for me; stability, love, happiness, money, a home, contentment, respect, joy, beauty... I was never any of those things. I’ll never get them. I have no calling, my soul floats untethered and indifferent to my heart.

My plan is to take a huge amount of beta blockers until I pass out or failing that take a bunch of painkillers and cut my wrists. 

If I fuck that up I’ll drive my car off of something. Doesn’t matter about me... I’ve always been a grotesque mess no one looked at anyway.

The sad thing is while I’m sure I might be missed, I doubt anyone would come looking for me any time soon. I don’t make that much of an impact on anyone’s day really. No one would notice someone like me; a pathetic excuse for a woman. I barely have an effect on the street I live in I should be lucky to even consider that the universe is indifferent to me. That would mean that the universe acknowledged me in the first place, that it even has an opinion on me.

I have never had a chance. I’m just a waste of everyone’s time. I’m sorry if I wasted everyone’s time with this stupid suicide letter.

Please tell my fiancée I forgive her and I love her still very much. Tell her to cuddle the rats and mice for me lots. Tell her I love her deeply but I can’t continue living. Tell her it’s not her fault.

Tell my family and my little sister I love her so much. I’m so thankful I had them all with me. Tell them it’s not their fault either. 

I love you all so much. Don’t do what I did. I’m a fucking idiot. No one loves me.