It's too late for me now, just needed it off of my chestThis is the only post I've ever made on here and the only one I will make, but I need somewhere to just scream I guess, so if you read this, thank you. So I'm finally ready, at the point where I just can't keep handling the way my life is shaping up and I can't keep up anymore. Don't really know where to start, but I'd been in therapy since I was 10, family history of schizophrenia, been put through so many different types of help and medication I can't even try to remember it all and I can safely say I'm beyond help now. For some context, I'm a 20 year old jazz music student, coming from a family history of severe mental illness and looking after my family around me until I eventually joined them and fell apart myself, I was a loner kid up until I was 17, literally had no friends at all until I was 17, that was the same time I got into my first romantic relationship; which lasted two years and in that two years I was physically, sexually and mentally abused by this parter and taken advantage of financially. So even when I finally found friends something had to come along to fuck it up and make it tough, but I was a weak kid and I just couldn't bring myself to leave. Eventually I moved to the city to study in university, that was my chance to get out so I took it and never looked back. At this point I had just turned 19 and was ready to start anew, so I'd done just that, made a huge new group of friends, found myself surrounded by love and support that I'd never felt before, ended up finding someone I found perfect, and it was absolutely phenomenal for about  a year, but just as is life, something had to go spectacularly wrong, I found out one of my best friends who I'd met when I was 17 was terminally ill, alongside this I'd found out a family member was too, and I'd had to talk my mother out of killing herself multiple times over the space of a week, alongside this my parter-at-the-time couldn't handle my insecurity and self-hate and left, which I understand completely but at the same time that just decreased my self worth so much more. In the time where I had learnt and went through all of this (all of this was in one week), I'd just felt overwhelmed and decided to take a huge overdose of the meds I was on at the time; unfortunately I pulled through, as much as I apparently "shouldn't" have survived based on how much I'd taken and drank, after this everyone I was friends with in the city for that year I was there completely abandoned me, calling me an attention seeker and that I was being irrational about my ex breaking up with me, whilst not listening to the actual reasons I'd made an attempt on my life, what they think it was all over was the least damaging thing to happen that week, but they never cared to hear it. this all happening just before my 20th, I ended up just going absolutely nuts and spending all of my money on drugs and alcohol, got to a point where I am now hugely in debt, unemployed, falling behind on my uni work, and finding myself addicted to getting blackout drunk as that was the only time I could get myself to feel something again. I guess at the end of the day I needed to just get all of this out of my system and into some sort of forum, give my reasonings to whoever finds this. I just feel like in the last 10 years of constant therapy and shit I've managed to have one single year that went well, and even that all fell apart, leaving me a failing uni student with a huge amount of debt and an alcohol problem after losing everything in such a short space of time. 

Cheers to anyone who'd taken the time to read my little summary of why I'm done, don't know why I felt the need to post this but eh. At the end of the day I tried for so long, can't say I didn't at least fight. Already planned a time and place in a few weeks, I'm not looking for someone to talk me out of it, as I said I just felt a need to get this out.