I'm having a really hard time.I (24/f) haven't been to this sub in a long time. I had things under control. The last year of my life has just been too much and i'm falling apart. 

A year ago I decided to buy a house with my then fiancé. We really only qualified for the house because of his income. I, for the most part, was living paycheck to paycheck. 

A few months after we closed on the house, he raped me. This wasn't the first time, but it was the first time I was absolutely sure it was rape and not accidental or a misunderstanding or something. 

From that point I started sleeping in the guest bedroom. Eventually, I landed a job and moved out and away even though we were not "broken up". It was a way for me to gain distance and maybe some financial stability. 80% of my belongings, and my dog, remained at the home.

Only 2 months after taking the job, I found out I was pregnant. 

I had to quit my job and move back in with him. This decision in itself was hard to make. 

Then he told me to get an abortion or sign off on the house and get out. After having no income and a very little and dwindling savings, I felt I couldn't leave. I had an abortion at 15 weeks. A second trimester abortion isn't something that is easy. After the abortion, your "milk comes in" and it fucking hurts and is a constant reminder of what you did.

A month after the abortion, and a lot of verbal fighting, he leaves in the middle of the night. He took my dog. He came back the next day with a uhaul and took everything in the house. Furniture that we both paid for. Half used cleaning supplies. Everything. What was left was my clothing, things he would never use like the coffee pot and decor pieces that weren't his taste.

Now he's attempting to get the house out of my name. I have no where to go. No assets. If we sell the house I will be ruined financially since we have no equity. I asked a lawyer and he told me in our state I have no claims to anything he took since it was under our joint roof.

I feel completely lost. I have a really bad history of depression and I'm back in a pit. I have no one I can talk to about this. I want to scream at social media begging for any kind of support but I know none of the "friends" i have on there would understand.

I have nightmares about the rape. about the abortion. about missing my dog. this topped with the sexual abuse and rough childhood I had feels like too much.  I feel like this life has just had more than I was ever meant to handle. I'm sitting in a house that I can't afford hanging on to it for dear life so that I can have a roof over my head and I'm at the point that I just don't want any of it anymore. 

*Edit- I think one of the hardest parts for me to accept is that in any scenario that I play out in my mind, he gets off easy. He has the dog, he has family to live with at the moment, he has our kitchen table, living room furniture, pots and pans, bed, etc and doesn't have to put money into refurnishing AND he's probably going to get the house or make out fine if we have to sell. My lawyer said to not talk about the rape since it could look like I'm trying to leverage for the house even though I have screenshots of him admitting to it. 