Why go on?I started dating my ex-spouse in high school. We eventually got married. We were dating/engaged/married about 17 years total. Our lives had ups and downs, whose doesn't? But finally everything seem to fall into place. We both had good jobs, we bought a house. Time to have kids! But no kids... cheated on me and left me instead.

I thought I was done. I was destroyed. I don't know how I kept going. I had various health issues, started to have work issues...

Then I met someone. I wasn't looking, my heart was far from ready for something new. But it happened. And it was amazing. All the same interests, we did everything together and always had fun. But again was cheated on and left.

I get told I'm perfect, it's all their fault. And while I'm not perfect, and both people in a couple are always partially responsible... I was as good as perfect. I never lied, cheated, hit, drank... I would make them feel special. I would make them feel like they were the most beautiful people on earth.

My heart is so broken, it will never be fixed. If I opened up to someone new and exposed myself to more hurt, it'll at best be ok. The last one was everything I ever wanted, and is such an ecclectic combination of interests, I won't find anyone close if I tried for for the rest of my natural life.

All I ever wanted was to make someone amazingly happy, and them make me a little happy in return. I wanted to grow old with somebody, have a 60 hear wedding anniversary.

Everything I loved is gone. Everything I want is unobtainable. I have physical and mental health issues that people kill themselves for having one of them, let alone a list of issues.

I'm young at heart, but my youth is now behind me. I don't want to have to look at people my age with grown children of their own...

I just suffer every day. It could have all been worth it if the last one stayed true, got married and maybe had kids, as we talked about often over 3 years.

I think suicide is a choice. I don't find anything morally wrong with it, and I think you can rationally choose suicide, choosing it doesn't mean you're crazy.

I guess what I want is to see if anyone has anything to say I haven't heard before. "There's other fish in the sea" "They didn't deserve you, keep going and someone you deserve will come into your life" "Things will get better" "If it happened once, it can happen again"

Convince me not to end it all. And if you don't, I at least appreciate any effort.