I am lonely - so fucking lonely.I don't want to die, Goddamn it, I'm saving that for last. I just want everything to feel right – which it doesn't. I've tried telling myself that there is nothing wrong with me, but I am who I am. It's true to a point. An introverted, socially awkward, depressed teenager like me can only go so far into enjoying his daily life without self-acceptance, and change. I tried, I succeeded to an extent, but I feel like everything I've become is falling apart.

I'm in love with a girl I haven't seen in a year, and only talked to once. It isn't a crush, I've had crushes and they evaporate into thin air with a small residue of sadness left over. I called this love then, and I tried duping myself into thinking it was a little, unimportant high school crush, but it's come back full force. She doesn't even live in my fucking country! I looked at a fucking picture of her for the first time in eight months and I was on the floor, wailing in the foetal position! THAT DOES NOT HAPPEN FROM A FUCKING CRUSH. There are two things I want to do more than anything right now – see her again, and dig inside my psyche and unravel whatever psychological attachment was created to this girl just so I can understand it. It fascinating! How the fuck did I get so obsessed with her? I feel mad! I did use to believe I was a little crazy, after all, but this just makes me feel like I belong in a mental asylum. The emotions tighten my chest, ball up in my forearms as pure energy, make me nauseous, makes my head jumble up – the list goes way, way on. And here I am, on the brink of health, ready to jump into a pit of insanity – but frightened to turn around and face what is actually happening.

God, help me – my head is thinking crazy too. In this day and age, no one believes in love at first sight – but that seems to be the only way this could be that wouldn't make me a mentally unbalanced stalker. That is absolutely not who I am, but if this whole emotional ordeal is part of me, do I real know who I am? Does this whole thing just boil down to an identity crisis? WHY DO I CARE SO BADLY? I have no one to talk to, I'm too afraid of being judged or having my fears confirmed. I just want everything to be right.