My last chance at living / everything that led up to how I am.I would’ve Never have guessed I would be on here asking for advice or help or whatever, But I’ll give it a go since it’s my last shot at living a normal life or a living at all.

I’m going to explain all my problems in a story like format as I have the time due to my lack of social interaction.

So I’ll start with a few things, I’m 16 and was raised like any other child in my country. I was very popular in middle school, played for a football team, had loads of friends, didn’t have a care in the world about anything,

Then one day in middle school when I was around 12, my classmate threw up in the toilets and started to describe the “sick” to my teacher in detail out loud for everyone to hear. I suddenly felt so anxious (I had a very bad fear of vomit back then) and rang home.

This would go on to be my downfall. I always had a mild fear of people or myself vomiting but that incident just amplified it 100%. So due to me being afraid of vomiting I missed school (therapists advice) and went on to become forgotten to everyone (including the friends I made in school since this is pre social media era).

Me not having friends in school made it worse on top of my crippling anxiety to go back in, I would basically self harm to not go in and would jump out of my car while it was moving if it meant I could miss school. 

So my my 1st year of high school rolls around and it only gets worse from here. I get over my fear of vomiting around this time but now I find it hard to return to school still from missing so much time.

So the cycle of me leaving school early/missing school continues, I would fake every illness in the book if it meant I could have a day off. I would get picked on in school for being pale and missing days. Nothing physical just a lot of teasing etc. 

Also my cousin was in my class so I was just looked at “x’s weird cousin” instead of myself. I was far behind in my education in school too because I wasn’t in or not in long enough.

So fast forward of all the things above still happening to when I turn 15. I was severely assaulted by a man (punched 20 times in the mouth) for “getting smart” to a woman who I was talking to (I was not) and then the same man who just beat the **** out of me says to me “look what you did” because his kids who witnessed the entire incident are bawling their eyes out at this point.

So a month after the incident mentioned above I get called a retard and a scumbag unprovoked by a police officer who stopped me for looking “dodgy”. 

At this point I start to see a psychiatrist who diagnosed me with ADHD, PTSD, Anxiety and clinical depression. On top of that I started to get homicidal and suicidal thoughts which consisted of me killing people and then myself. I’ve said these thoughts to 3 people (my psychiatrist, therapist and a forensic psychologist) the forensic psychologist) but I feel like they aren’t taking me seriously.

So here I am 16 years old with no education, never had a gf, no friends, suffering with loads of mental illnesses which I’m not medicated for, have panic attacks every day, suicidal and with nothing to live for.

I know I sound ungrateful, but If it means living with a roof over my head and a caring family but being a risk to kill people or dying,I would just choose to die if it meant not suffering with my own thoughts anymore at this point.

This might be my last post, I dunno what to do guys.