I am afraid of myselfHey Guys.

Sorry for my bad English. I am not Native.

I didn't realy realised it but i am very depressive since a long time.
I startet to realise it when my mum and a friend tryed to talk with me. I am never realy Happy and i can't get excited for anything.
My Job is getting worse and worse. I Can't conzentrate and i dont realy whant to. I don't realy care anymore what happens there.
Everyday a take the Train and nearly everyday i think about takeing the Train to a perhaps better place or at least a place where i don't excist anymore.


Where do my Problems coem from?
I think it started quite early. I Never realy got good Friends when i was little. We moved a lot and ihad a realy hard Time cause i always tried to find friends by beeing the class clown. 
When i was like 10  my mum married a seemingly nice guy.
Well... i am realy bad @ remebering what happend in Detail. But he Hit me when my mum wasn't at home and sometimes he threw me around my room against my Bed. I always told my mum the blue spots on my skin came from my Karate Exercise.
One Time this man decided he whant to commit suizide. I was quite little but at the moment we knew he was out there in a forrest and took a lot of pills and will die soon, i sat in my room with a knive and started to cut every Ball i had with a face i painted on them . He survived and the Horror continued. 
It took two Years after that he just left us with the Goodbye i am heading for work and he also said he can't wait for the meal my mum wanted to cook there. I realy don't understand what problem i had back then, but even tho he realy hit me hard, he only did it when he was on his pills (i knew this afterwards) and the rest of the time he was the nicest Man i knew. This is why i was twisted about him leaving. I think this fucked me up a bit. I Have general Problems to remember things where i was @ the age span from 9-12 years... i can't tell exactly.
Well it took a year or 1 1/2 and my mum met someone new. 
He was an Awsome guys. And i am realy thankfull that i got this person in my life, even if we don't always understand each other.
Well ... my story continues... in puperty my then kinda good life whent shit again. I started to getting an illniss called psoreasis.
It started and never stoped growing. Now 10% of my Skin has red crusty Dots. Realy Big ones... And what is realy shit too, i have a very small penis. So i can't realy imagen that ever a Girl whants to be together with me. I am 21 right now and never had a girlfirend. It isnt that i dont try. My illness looks so incredible bad that i can't realy  expect them to fall in Love with someone like me. In Bonus i feel like i have still problems with my past... i never realy talked about it with anyone. None of my best friends nore my brothers know this. I told my Mother once, but i think she never realy understood how bad it was because she never realy saw what happend. I feel very lonely with my thoughts ... even if i Know that its propably my fault that i don't talk about it.
But i am afraid... i am afraid of any Kind of reaction.
Am I, who can think of his own problems in a normal and propper way even realy broken inside? My mum will propably just yell @ me that i can't be serious. She was in therapy/is and one of my brothers was. Strangely this thought only let me to not whanting to talk abot this even more. I don't know... i feel Like they would not take me serious. 
I Feel very Lonley and it seems to affekt me mentally and physical.
I am afraid that some day, something slightly bad happens and it pulls a Trigger. Right now. I often have the thought about suizide, but i dont realy whant to. I am afraid what my future me will do.
Thanks for reading.