I'm done, All hope I have lostI begin by apologizing to anyone I am disturbing, but I wanted to get something off my chest. Well, where to begin? I have social anxiety and it is a wonder to me, how I'm writing this, It's also the reason why this account has no activity. I can barely speak, friends I have none. I also have bipolar disorder, had it since I was 13. I'm 18 now and still don't feel any better. The only reprieve I had is writing, poetry and novels. But it too is but losing its prominence in my mind. I have no interests, no real friends, no one to talk to, I am feeling down and it is time for me to leave, to leave a life left wanting. I have attempted suicide 9 times now, but it failed only because of a lack of conviction. As I grow more and more desperate, I feel there is only one path before me, I have a belt, a pack of razors and a bottle of pills, And this time I will succeed. I leave, with a poem I wrote dubbed 'Snake Eyes'

Snake eyes

The hopes have died.

Fields of lament vilified

Sour Hearts collide

In ever praising harmony

Dealt snake eyes

The young man raises his bets

Ever present hearts of iron

Ever present will of steel 

Dealt Snake eyes

He hedges his bet

Aces hold no credence

Just anomalous Hearts 

Murderous Death

Stalking ever move

Every whisper, No more

More and more will the everlasting fragments

Hearts and Broken Dreams

Carry a shattered will, to heights beckoning

To fields grandiose, to stars everlasting

Dream, Dream, Dream on and on and on

Hellfire and Stalking Scythe will hold no fame

Batter his name, Play his game

Pine trees and deacon sermons

Gambling and Wine bottles

Spoilt roses and putrid perfume

Dead aberrations and perfect silence

Litter the young man’s vison

Solid Black and Grey Pestilence

Scythe in hand and skulls in pocket

Pale horse and a book of souls

Fear is the key for immortality

Death is the key for silence, sweet silence

Dealt snake eyes

He envies fate

As he prepares his way

He questions stay

Why bother anyway?

But desire takes no solace

His name written in the book of souls

He aches his way

The final stay

His breath draws away.
 
    
 
