DoneLife is too hard. Living is just too hard to keep going.  And after 32 years of pain and suffering, I feel like it’s time to just end it.
 
I really wish someone could convince me that life is worth living, but its not really possible to convince me, because life is just not.  

Let’s call it like it is. Let’s call a spade a spade. I’m an ugly, worthless, fat ass piece of shit loser.

I’m not worth dating. My ex wouldn’t even put in the effort to hang out with me and started dating someone before we even broke up. I continue to let myself be manipulated by him, and waiting for him to pay me back the $3k he owes me, making me keep in contact with him while I see him dating other people. Killing myself will end that debt and end me having to see my money go to him spending it on dates. 

Before that my only relationship of 10 years really consisted of someone who was sexually aggressive, would constantly pressure me to have sex, and while we broke up, he still manipulated me so I wouldn’t date other people.  Now he’s happy and successful and I’m shit. 

I’m just so fucking ugly and fat that no one else would want to date me, or people go on one fucking date with me and ghost me, because I’m so much of a loser. Every gay dating app there is, reminds me that no one wants me. I’m a fucking piece of ugly shit.

The thing is I don’t want to do anything. I’m a lazy piece of shit and don’t really care to lose weight. I’d rather just end it. It’s too much work to go to the gym and try to lose weight.  It’s too much work to change my eating habits. I’d rather just die already.   

I’m in so much debt and bad with credit cards. I have no desire to learn how to pay them back. So much so I know I will never be able to get a house or other big loans.

I hate my job right now, and have never really enjoyed any work that I do.  My coworkers don’t do fucking shit, and are fucking lazy as well, and I’m having to take on their work because I’m more efficient than they are. I don’t want to work. I just wanna lie in bed til I die to be honest. 

I’m honestly just tired of hearing that things will get better, because that’s a fucking lie. 32 years of living on this earth have proved to me that things don’t get better. Yes, there may be moments of happiness, but those are few and far between for me.  And honestly, they are not worth the pain I have to deal with every. Single. Fucking. Day.  Pain of having to be alive, while just constantly thinking about killing myself.  I have physical pain and stress on my body. 

Now really is the best time. My family is in another state, and have two other great sons. I have a couple friends, but they are happily coupled and deservedly so, they plan on moving on, and we are drifting apart. So really the fewest people in my life would be affected. While I’m sorry to those that are, I feel like this is what is best for me. 

I’ve tried to be happy, and it just doesn’t work. I am taking medications, talking to therapists. It hasn’t helped. Or maybe at one point in my life it did, but now I see the truth that my life is fucking shit. 

I am hoping to kill myself this weekend, or at the very least take some steps to put this plan in motion
