Really need someone to talk to...I've had social anxiety ever since I decided to go to a different school than all the people I grew up with during the transition from elementary school to high school. During the early years in my life up to grade 8 I wasn't socially anxious at all, in fact I was always the one to make people laugh and put on a show, didn't mind the spotlight. The only problem was these people I never really felt like I fit in with the people I grew up with. I'd get invited out occasionally but I never really fit it so I decided to start over by going to a different high school. 

This would be the worst decision of my life. During my two years there I was paralyzed with anxiety, made one friend and began to get depressed. While everyone was out enjoying life and hanging out with friends I was glued to the computer, getting lost in video games as an escape from reality. I would play every second I had and I feel that's what lead me to develop an anxiety disorder. Oddly enough I still had no problem going to and from class, or walking alone in public or anything of that nature. That was 10 years ago.

I'm 25 now and have been through a lot since then. After being diagnosed back in 2007 I was on various drugs, most of them didn't work except for one, cipralex. For one whole year, cipralex had effectively convinced me that my socially anxious days were over. I could finally be that person I'd always wanted to, I always knew that I had that person in me but the anxiety was preventing me from being that person. After a year of feeling on top of the world the medication started to lose it's effect and I slowly spiraled downward.

I was pretty bummed at this point. I started reading up on social anxiety on the internet, I wanted to know how it worked, once I knew that I could surely put an end to it over time. This is when I learned about cognitive behavioral therapy. I originally got a book by David D Burns to overcome my anxiety but quit half way through. I ended up living with the fact that I was anxious for a few years but back in December of 2011 I came across an audio series on overcoming social anxiety. 

The series required you to listed to a tape each week and read over the handouts for that session every day. And I was faithful, I'd read way past the recommended 30 minutes a day often. To be perfectly honest I now know more about SA than I have in my life, and I'm currently still on the program, a little over half way through and being faithful. I've put many of the strategies and methods learned into every day life and have had some success. I've been able to calm myself down at times and focus more externally by rationalizing my irrational thinking and taking them into a situation that would normally make me anxious.

At this point you're probably thinking that I posted this in the wrong section, and that it sounds like things are looking up. Well they are and they aren't. Getting over an anxiety disorder will cause relapses, so I could have my anxiety under control for a few days and then a few days after feel like a wreck. I'm supposed to be looking at relapses as a positive thing because you can't have a relapse if you haven't made progress. And I admit I have.

Here's the issue. Although I have this whole whack of knowledge now and have seen in work first hand, this requires a lot of work mentally. See before I knew any of this I'd just let the negative thinking flow freely, but now anytime that occurs there are steps and things I need to do to escape for the vicious circle of anxiety. On top of that, there are things I'm having trouble with now. Getting out of the house can be a nightmare at times, driving is nerve wracking at times.. Anytime I'm stopped next to someone at a red light I tense up and freeze because I feel they are looking at me. Even though I know that feelings can be false because they are created by thoughts and my thoughts are irrational. Getting a job is another obstacle I've yet to overcome. I graduated from college 4 months ago and have been unemployed since - and to be honest as of late I've been pretty much cooped up in my house - with the occasional outing on weekends to a bar or lounge. 

Every day when I wake up I know I have to prepare myself for another mental struggle with myself and it's tiring. My friends don't usually contact me unless I initiate first. And recently a friend who I've known since I was 4 has been really distant for some reason. Bottom line is is it worth it? I'm 25, no job, can't even go to the store without having a battle with my own mind... I just don't know what to do. My family knows I have Anxiety but not specially Social Anxiety. They don't understand that these simple things like going to the store or applying for a job are very challenging for me. They chalk it up to me being lazy and unmotivated when in actuality if I had rid myself of this I would have be the polar opposite. I want a future, I don't want to be a deadbeat.. But at the same time there's only so long I can continue to get rid of my SA before I become tired. I'm starting to learn toward the "it's not worth it side". Can anyone give me some advice? any advice? 

If you read my entire post I really appreciate it.

TLDR: Had a rough time in highschool no friends, eventually diagnosed with social anxiety many years later, tried medication that worked but eventually stopped. Been doing cognitive therapy for the past 4 months, seems to be working, but recently questioning whether or not it's even worth it anymore.