A small but major tip for how I became suicidal action/ideation free for 8 months. The longest time I've not hated myself. I posted this elsewhere and thought maybe I could reach someone here. Long post.A lot of this is my experience with BPD which has a very high rate or suicide and suicidal ideation but this applies to anyone struggling with suicide. 

Im not going to say this has been easy, but here i am. I havent been suicidal in 8 months. I had been clean from self harm for these 8 months except a slip up about a week ago. Instead of spiraling I forgave myself and moved past it. 

 Nothing about mental illness is general is *easy* but I can say giving into my depression, anxiety, and personality disorders was actually way easier than getting to this point. 

My NUMBER 1 TIP? 

stop talking bad to yourself. Nope. Not easy. But when I stopped repeating the negative statements my brain threw out I gradually felt better. Thats literally my main thing I have done to get better. It was so hard after years of degrading myself. I used to write horrible things on mirrors to remind myself why I was soooo shitty. Ive been inpatient 2 times and they both had an exercise where i was supposed to tell myself positive things while looking in a mirror. I'd literally been training myself to do the exact thing but in a negative way for a negative outcome. It was so strange to look at myself, this person I *hated so much* and say... "youre not a failure. Youre funny and smart and your struggles have taught you empathy. You are kind. You are beautiful." In fact the first time I tried this I felt stupid, so i stopped. I camt accept compliments from other people, I could not compliment myself. But I am fully aware now that I was letting my illnesses take the reigns and I was only shotty because I convinced myself I was so I committed self fulfilling prophecy. 

Stopping negative talk after thats all I did since I could remember took a while. In fact I still slip up and may call myself stupid or something but now it feels wrong in my mouth. We arent supposed to pay attention to everything that little voice says. Its an asshole and it LIES! I practice this every day now, self love. I never thought I deserved any love at all but HOLY FUCK thats an insane thought process. Ive never killed anyone, ive hurt people I loved and the worst thing of all is I hurt myself. But I have asked my loved ones for forgiveness and then I had to ask myself to forgive... myself? 

Were not monsters. Were sick people. This practice won't fix everything, i had to leave a toxic relationship and I had to go on an apology tour, which I took very seriously and thankfully everyone accepted it because... they love me. They know im not a terrible person, im just a person who has fucked up due to trauma and not learning about how to maintain and build relationships. My apologies had to come with changed behavioir, everyone knew I may slip up but I now know deep down I can just talk to them about stuff without splitting instantly. I still have low self esteem, I don't have a job, camt work, should be on disability. I dont own a home, my car has been sitting broken down for years so I have to use a family members. Im a mom so some days I get tired and moody. But this is all normal stuff that a lot of people struggle with. Im no worse than any other person in this financial climate. 

We is good people in pain. We are victims of trauma and  mental illness, we have to give ourselves some slack. Start small, don't write out impossible lists of things you need to fix. Just wake up tomorrow and maybe instead of saying "im worthless" give yourself stupid little props like "I do my best, even if I don't think its my best". Brush your hair, shower using your favorite soaps and maybe vacuum a single room, wash a couple of dishes, or one dish. Then give yourself props for getting up and getting something to drink instead of allowing yourself to become dehydrated. Self care should be a mix of a little self indulgence and some tough stuff like caring for your home. When you brush your teeth, say to yourself "I deserve this, i deserve healthy teeth." Shower and say "I deserve to be clean and feel clean". Does it feel dumb? Maybe a little. But those things add up to some real mental gains.

Just remember you're talking to a human. We generally are good people, we just lash out and do some "bad" things, we arent all bad. When i looked at myself like I looked at everyone else, with empathy, I started to feel like i deserved the same things I thought my loved ones deserve. Peace.