Am I the only one?I made a throwaway for this because my younger brother knows my Reddit: I don't want him to know about this. On mobile too, sorry about that.

COVID fucked up everything I had going for me.

From last August up until March, things were going smoothly. I was losing weight, I had finally found a group of friends that I was able to vibe with, I was in love with a girl that supported me regardless of my mental state, my grades were getting a little better and I had enough motivation to want to continue. I was able to do my work, I wanted to live for the first time in years. I had a little thing going.

January was the month where I got a chance to perform with a group of musicians that I'd always wanted to be around, but never got the chance to because of my insecurities. That night was incredible, and while it isn't a big deal for most, I had the best time of my life there.

And then of course, in late March, lockdown happens. Because nothing ever goes smoothly, does it?

The girl that I'm talking to, who I genuinely had a huge thing for, suddenly disappeared off the face of the earth. One by one, all my new friends started to disappear too, since I couldn't see them anymore. These past 7 months have been making me feel increasingly lonely, and nothing I do seems to change it.

On top of that, all the events I wanted to go to and/or perform at were cancelled. I couldn't bring myself to do any work at all, and while my grades have got better, they're still not as good as I want them to be. In fact, nowhere near. What little motivation I had to keep going, to continue, has slowly been draining away, and with no reason to want to live, I haven't been able to replenish it. In just a couple of months, my life has been turned upside down, as have many other lives.

I just want this all to end. I don't want to be here anymore. I try not to consider killing myself, knowing the consequences, but I can't bear it anymore. There's never been any light at the end of the tunnel. Nothing seems to work.

I've procrastinated so hard that I now have all the summer work to do in just 4 days, and I understand that it's my fault. But at this point, I couldn't care less. As much as I want to try to turn this around, I see no way of doing so... I just want to be done.

Perhaps it's time to take the shortcut.