I think Ive had my fill.I tend to linger on details, but Ill try to keep it short.

So I am at a point where I think Im about done with everything. Im a 21 year old guy who is fed up with just about every facet of life and has lost hope for myself and humanity in general. Life has never been interesting since the child like wonder wore off, and Im now coming to a point where I cant justify more effort.

Ive been here before. Recently sought help thinking things could be better. Im only 21, you think thered be more. Of course, as Im in the military, I decided to talk to my mother first, who blackmailed me into speaking to my supervisor about it. Because they cant afford to lose a tool, this lead to a week of being forcibly confined to a mental facility with drug addicts and other such tossaways. I had been using my FAL for a chinrest for a while, and I really miss it. A least then I had the option to go quick. A 308 is a lot faster than a knife or belt. But I dont really mind. I could just go rent a gun at a range, line up right quick and do it. Wouldnt have to be a problem for anyone but the janitor. Im rambling.

Anyways, Im back to the same spot I was prior. I wont go back to a mental hospital. Ill cut my throat before they put their hands on me again. But I figure theres got to be more to life? Anyone have suggestions? Things that lend meaning? I always wanted to be big in future tech, but I cant bring myself to figure out how to enroll in college, so thats kind of out the window. Im not a good person by any means. Im sure if you search my post history, youll realize as much. In fact, I find myself numb to the suffering of others, and really, am a poor example of a human being by any stretch. No point in lying.

Anyhow. Where do I go? I figure Ive got about 2 weeks of battery life left. Ive got 2 years left on my contract, and I know if things dont change way before that, Ill be rotting long before. I have already heard the whole bit from all of my family, how they couldnt make it without me. As if it mattered. My father crying about how im so important, my mother staying in my house for 2 whole months. A supervisor who plays holier than thou, and the Msgt whos in charge of my office shoving his advice and such down my throat. Likely to wax on about how much of a help he is. I spent weeks in a counselors office. A big fake fucking grin to look at every day I went, to tell me how life is so easy if you dont think about it. I cant handle it. I dont know if its understanding the futility of wanting to be more than just another ant on the face of the planet, or just the monotony of having a somewhat comfortable life, but I just feel no sense of accomplishment or meaning, and antidepressants are a shit substitute, when I bother taking them.

Funny enough I tried to explain my position. My mother just did the mother thing of "I know, youre smart, youre handsome, youll do everything you want." and my father has apparently hit his crisis, a bit later than mine. So his advice was to "give up on being anything important, because we are all just born to make someone else money.". And now he's turning to religion to "be told the next day will be ok.". I dont really see an out here.

TL:DR, Im ready to punch out. Theres nothing worth keeping myself here. Im overweight, lazy, ugly, and frankly, bored. If anyone has some advice, I'll mull it over. Ill keep an eye on the thread. Ill likely have downtime to read whatever replies come in during my 12 hour shift tomorrow. Thanks.