What do I do?Life to me feels like i was made with some sort of bug or mistake in my head, but something forced me to go and do it anyway. It's constant negativity, There are ups every once in a while, but it really feels like a bad trade off for the constant downs im experiencing, hell I'm 19 and I already want to end it all, how's it supposed to be in 10 years from now? I don't have my life together at all, it feels like all of my friends are with me out of pity, especially after i told them I've been thinking about dying, and it also feels like they're slowly distancing themselves from me at the same time, not that i could blame them, i fucking bet it's not fun around me anymore.
When i was younger i wanted to travel and see the world, maybe try to find my happiness but now it feels like I'd have to work ages to fulfill this dream and even then, what's after that? Am i just gonna accept that i lived my dream and thaz I'm just going to live the rest of my life in sadness, as i do now?
I get up, I realize all the stress that the society i live in got me, and what a pain in the ass this day is going to be, nothing what i do matters to anyone, and if it doesn't matter to me either, why would i go on? i don't get it, it's been like this for a bit over 4 years now, right now worse than ever. I don't experience as i used to anymore, everythings just a negative and it's getting worse each day. I tried working out and its making me feel alive while I'm at it, but any permanent benefits? definitely not, at least not mentally. I don't know how i would ever love myself, not to mention find anyone who could ever really love me as well, I sort of accepted that that might never happen, but whatever. What keeps you guys going? It's one of those nights where i can't go to sleep because of the huge pain that just floats in my chest, constantly, and I'd really love to hear from anyone else up right now. How has your guys week been? its been one of the hardest for me, its fucking ridiculous because nothing bad really happened, good things rather but it's like my mind doesn't allow itself to be happy.
Sorry for not paragraphing any of this, i never think of it, but thanks for the read anyway.