Killing yourself to avoid causing someone painI know suicide isn't the only or even the best option. I've come to this point again and again but I always get out of it. I'm in my late 20s and I have a fantastic life. I have suffered from depression since I was about 9. My life has always been good though. I was a wanted baby and I made out when it comes to the lottery of birth. I come from a middle-class and very loving family that would do anything to help me. But, sometimes there are things that only you can help yourself with. I am a very weak and spineless person and so these things are what I struggle with. 
I got a new job this year. I am a kindergarten teacher. I worked very hard to get my teaching credential. I have a beautiful class and a great principal, but I struggled with teaching evaluations during my graduate school (even being told by one supervisor that some people are just not cut out to teach). I had a few supervisors and so I was able to pass. My job evaluation will be in February and this will effect me getting a teaching position for the 2018-2019 school year, and having or not having the position effects my financial situation and my health care. I already have a few prescriptions I take daily. Here I am rambling and this isn't even totally the problem. It's not a problem because, in the event that I fail (as another new teacher in my grade already has) I could always get a state job and work out something for health care. I could also work as a substitute teacher as I did before getting my job and just adjust financially (I'd have to figure out health care still, it would be pricey but not impossible).
I'm sorry I keep going on and on with things that aren't my issue.
I'm sorry for bothering everyone on here as well. Before coming here I attempted to make a psychiatry appointment with my health care provider but they are unfortunately closed (as it is Saturday). They say the new generation goes to the internet when they have a problem and the journalists must be right.
I have a boyfriend, we've been together for 5-6 years. I always thought he'd be the one. At first our life plans didn't match up perfectly but after time together they did. He doesn't get along with my mom (whom I am very close to). I have tried for the better part of my relationship to make things work between them, but earlier this year I realized I couldn't. Maybe someone else could, but I exhausted every one of my capabilities. I have an incredibly accommodating personality and I hate confrontation. I fear I gave my significant other a false representation of my needs and wants though. I also ruined him by making him less independent and convincing him to want to be with me. He didn't want to marry me for the first part of our relationship, but now he does (and I don't). I've had an eating disorder on and off for over 10 years. It flared up again a few years into our relationship. My SO is wonderfully logical and nothing is sacred to him as he is very honest. In many ways the disorder was my own quiet way to argue his logic like I couldn't with words. To show him that comments sometimes lead to repercussions. Even a single comment. 
Anyway, after my birthday (spring this year) I had an internal break-down. My boyfriend and mom had a huge blowout because (while out to eat at my favorite restaurant) my SO was acting off and grumpy. He had smoked (cannabis) a few times earlier in the day and he hates socializing when he has smoked. He also hates being forced into social situations and he felt obligated to do the dinner for my birthday. To be honest, I was the one to put pressure on him to come to it. I just wanted all my loved ones there. I know it's selfish. As I realized that I would never be able to solve things between them, I begin to draw into myself and my disorder.
But there was a bright spot. I had a long term sub position teaching 2nd grade and one of my co-workers was an old friend from high-school. He was always so nice, even in high-school. I didn't appreciate his kindness in adolescence like I did as an adult. On my birthday, he had his whole class (and mine) sing happy birthday to me. He has no idea what that gesture meant. He also helped me with prep work and introduced me to colleagues. He even stayed late to help me with things and to make sure I got to my car safely when it got dark. Once, after he'd gone home, he came back just to help me fix the laminater. Pretty much right after reconnecting he asked me on a date, and I told him I was in a relationship, but all these nice things he still did, even after knowing I have an SO. Of course, because I am such a shitty and weak person I started to develop feelings for him. He was such a good friend when I needed one, but I couldn't and can't be with him.
My SO and I lived together but then my SO thought he'd be better in a different place. After moving out he realized he missed me and wanted me to move into the new place. I refused. I go and visit him, but rarely. He has changed his behavior toward me quite a bit since, being much more patient, argumentative, and kind. He still hates my mom though. I don't talk to or see my friend much anymore as well because I know my feelings for him are dangerous and luckily I got a new position at a different school so that helps with proximity. I still have very strong feelings for him though but I also have a deep love and care for my SO.
My SO is an introvert and I feel I am keeper of his story. He has been through so much and I promised to be bell-hop for all his baggage. But I am so unhappy and have been for the majority of the year. I can't break up with my SO. I already have ruined him and so I need to be there to take care of him. I still have feelings for my friend, even without the contact. I don't use facebook or anything like that so he could very well be in another relationship like he deserves. I am realizing that I am a detriment to everyone and everything I love and care about.
My family, because I forced them to put up with my SO and allowed him to be impolite and ungrateful towards them.
My SO, for making promises I no longer want to keep and for changing him.
My friend because I can't be the friend he deserves because of my feelings. 
My students because there are reasons I struggled during evaluations, I am not a very good teacher.
My principal because she gave me a chance and if I last until Feb. I will surely let her down.
I frequently research the methods of suicide and have spent at least 9 months of this year considering and planning.
So the last one I let down is myself, because I can't create my own happiness, nor can I free myself from my swollen, pained mind.
I just want to be free, I don't believe in an afterlife, but nothing is fine with me. I don't want to think anymore... 
I'm so sorry for bothering everyone.