Just needed to get a lot of stuff off my chest - maybe it is a cry for help or maybe just random ramblings.I am not sure what this post is all about. It may be considered a cry for help, or an open post about my emotions, or even some arbitrary chaotic writing of a dumb person. I do not know which of the above it and frankly I do not care. I have dwelled over my sorry life for a long time and I thought I should pen down my thoughts while I still feel like doing something.

Before I pour my heart out here, I want to say that I am not at the verge of killing myself (or at least I want to think). I am also under no delusions that my life has been the worst life ever in the universe. I am objective enough to know that there are people who are in worse circumstances than me and dealing with it. Having said that, standing in cross-roads of failure and lack of motivation to do anything, I just do not feel any desire to keep living my life. I have often contemplated what it would be like to die and often wished that my life would end in an accident. 

But, enough rambling about it and I just want to pen down my life for once. I do not think anyone in this world knows the true me (family included) and I am positive I have lied to every person I know at certain point of my life. As I once told my close friend, I am just a person wearing a mask. I have mask for every occasion and behind any mask are more masks which hide what I truly am. After wearing enough masks, I have forgotten who or what I am myself and just lost myself in this lie of a life.

At this point, I am just tried of struggling and slugging forward. I have tried living life for the future and I have tried living life one day at a time. In the end, it didn’t matter either way. My train-wreck of a life is still a train-wreck. My personal life is in shambles, my social life is non-existent, my professional life is on collision course towards a freight train coming at full speed, and I have no idea what I even feel emotionally.

Now, I would wonder how bad things can be. Firstly, I am a trans-gendered individual from a third-world country who is studying in the US. Since, LGBT rights in my country are non-existent, the only possible way I can transition in the future is finishing up my studies here and then finding a job (in US or another first-world country). I cannot tell anyone that I am TG since it pretty much means I will lose my assistant-ship and also shoot my chances of a career in my field. Thus, I have been living a lie of a life for the past X years. I have lied to my colleagues, my room-mate and my friends. I have lied to try and fit in with people and I have lied to drive people away. I don’t think anyone know who or what I really am.

On top of that, as I gain age, it will slowly become harder to transition. So, that is another time bomb ticking away. I have tried preparing myself for transitioning by taking unsupervised hormone therapy and having electrolysis as well. Though that did help a bit, I still hate how I look whenever I look at the mirror anytime. Also, my extremely stupid decision of taking hormones without doctoral supervision has lead to some medical complications.

On a social level, due to above, I have driven my friends away and am pretty much living a life of a recluse. On top of that, I have slowly become emotionally detached to almost everything in life and find little joy or sorrow in things happening in my life. I have lied to my friends to hide my TG self and have lied on top of those lies so that I am not found out. I am too scared to even try to start any romantic relations as my life is generally too messed and I am scared of rejection. 

My life on a professional level is also heading towards failure. I am in Xth year of graduate studies and even though my funding is about to dry up, there is too much stress to finish up my work and it still seems like an uphill battle. On top of that, I have figured out during the past 6-9 months of looking for a job that the job market is too bad to find any reasonable job and I am just sick of trying. It doesn’t seem like I will get enough work done to get my degree or get a job before my student visa expires. It doesn’t help that people have always had high expectations of me (don’t know why) and I am tired of failing them over and over again.

All this stress has taken a toll on my physical lifestyle as well. I have gone from a fit and active person to someone who is totally out-of-shape. I have developed terrible eating and sleeping habits and this feeds into my desire of doing nothing throughout the day. It is a big struggle to get out of bed everyday in the morning and I just wish that the day ends ASAP almost always.

Given all this and considering I have no real goals for myself in life, I just can’t justify a purpose for life anymore. I am sick of trying over and over again and meet with failure anywhere and everywhere. I am tired of fighting an uphill battle in every avenue of my life. And, I have often felt during the past few months that it would have been if I had not existed at all. I doubt that my existence is of worth to anyone or will be worth to anyone. 

I have had suicidal thoughts infrequently over the last few months. I just am too tired of life and do not want to spend the next 40-60 years repeating the wake, do something, sleep routine over and over again. I frankly have little to no desire of living but know the consequences of taking my life would have on the few people that genuinely care for me. 

I am more likely than not looking for help and doubt that anyone is in a position to help me really. But, I think I needed to get this off my chest as it had weighing heavily on me for a long time. Hopefully I will pull myself through this and things will work out. If not, well at least I tried. If someone did take the time to read through the whole thing, I would really like to thank them for taking the time to read the ramblings of someone who you probably would never meet. So long and thanks for all the fish.
