Suicidal, guilty, unheardThis is my first post. I’ve found myself driven to the internet in search of support, or maybe just to get this stuff of my chest. I’ll try to be concise, but it’s not my forte. Apologies in advance for the length.

I feel trapped in an impossible situation. I’m 38, and have been living back home with my parents for a few years. I have a long history of mental illness that has only gotten worse, despite meds, therapy and more extreme measures like ECT. Nothing has helped me function better, and at this time I only work 1 day a week. I’m financially destitute with no prospects to improve that. I cannot go back to school, and have dental issues that make finding a job difficult, as I’m missing a tooth in my smile line (from the constant grinding of my teeth due to anxiety). I’ve attempted suicide before, but was “rescued” and hospitalized. I almost died and was in a coma for a few days. I haven’t attempted again, only because I felt so guilty and I couldn’t do that to my dog, leaving him with no one to care for him. He’s now 12 and it’s almost time to put him down. I made it through the last 5 years just for him (and my parents).

Now to my situation. My parents want me out. We have a dysfunctional relationship and while I know they love me, they do not understand what I deal with emotionally and mentally, and are not interested in trying to understand. They do not really believe in things like depression, and have contributed greatly to my mental illness(es). They have been dismissive and hurtful to me, refuse to engage in therapy with me, and on many occasions they blame me for their problems as well as my own. It’s an unhealthy situation but I have nowhere else to go.

I’ve long thought that when I ran out of options I’d kill myself, rather than die of disease, starvation, or being stabbed in an alleyway by a fellow homeless person. At least I could die on my terms, comfortable and painlessly. It’s not a great option, but it’s the best I’ve got. I cannot take care of myself, and no one is going to do it for me. 

My problem is my parents. While they are dismissive and triggering, they do love me. They feed me, house me, buy me some necessities and try to do little things for me that they know I like. They love my dog and have paid for some of the vet visits that were financially out of reach for me. They saw how happy I was playing my brother’s Xbox so they bought me one for Christmas. My mom goes out of her way to get snacks I like or make my favorite meals. Being at home is a barrier to suicide, because I would never kill myself in their house, and also bc my chosen method requires hours to work and someone here would find me and call 911 before I died. I know my mom would be devastated if I committed suicide, but I feel like it’s my only card. I can’t survive on my own, they want me to leave, I have nowhere to go and I am just so tired of staying alive so other people don’t have to grieve me. My parents know I feel this way, and are pushing for me to leave. They think my suicidal feelings are just “me being dramatic” and they ignore what little I say about it. I don’t want them to blame themselves when I die, and maybe they won’t, but I can’t live on the streets just so they don’t have to be sad. 

That’s about it. Again, sorry for the lengthy post, I just needed to get this out of my head. I’m not really looking for advice (please don’t extol the virtues of yoga or tell me I just need to count my blessings or some other useless advice normies like to give), I’m just hoping to be seen I guess.