Everything I build always keeps exploding. I'm so tired of years of loneliness and happiness around me.I had just gotten back to what I had hoped would make me feel so much better after so many months of isolation and constant facing of disappointment.  I had gone to a hacker conference where even there, supposively, I would be understood.  I was pandered as a piece of ass just as I am everywhere else.  Even mistaken for being there.

For the past two years I have been friendless, making brief friends online and having them disappear.  For the first time I made a real solid group of friends, but it all fell apart because of a misunderstanding with one of the girls.  She was vicious and slandered me, and maybe I did make a mistake, but I had cared about her deeply and tried with earnest to help.  I got kicked out of the group promptly for being a gossip rather than just someone being neutral in a very difficult position.

I have been treated awfully for the past five years from random people for what I projected for no reason.  I was dumped by my best friend, and boyfriend, of over a year and a half ago and since then he has gotten such a better life.  He has wonderful friends, a wonderful job, and a wonderful life.  I have often glanced at myself and felt that maybe I deserved this isolation.  Maybe it isn't bad luck.   Maybe I am just a shit person and I don't know it.  Maybe I just attract horrible people, people whom I try to help in distress, and end up making wrong decisions.  Maybe I am just a piece of shit that just doesn't need to exist.  I am just a floating piece of carbon out in space, no one sees me, no one notices me, I am just a piece of meat taking up space.

I don't want to exist anymore.  I don't want to be in this place anymore.  I don't want to handle being alive anymore.  I don't want to keep trying to reach out to a world that obviously recoils against me.  I don't want to keep fighting and thinking that somewhere, I can find positive, healthy, loving people.  Because I don't think I'm meant for that.  I don't think I am meant for friends, for someone who loves me, or any happiness.  I don't think I am because I have done so much for two years trying to make that a reality.  I have put my heart out to have it set on fire, beaten down, beaten me down.  I am doing something wrong but nobody will tell me, except beat me and leave me.  

I'm so tired.  I am so tired that nobody wants me that I finally don't want me.  I don't want to kill myself it would make my father cry, and the only time I have seen him cry was when my mother died.  But I don't want to live anymore.  I don't want to be alive anymore.  I have no friends to talk to about this, I have no one to turn to and ask for help.  I have no one that would anchor me here, except my father.  If I made it an accident I know it would kill him, but if I commit suicide he would not just be upset he would think he could have saved me somehow.  

I don't want to be saved.  I just want to be heard, just once, before I finally follow through with something tonight.  Thank you Redditor for reading this, even if it's just one.