This whole Homo Sapien, social creature thing has me messed upUpfront apologies for walls of text.

There are a multitude of reasons I shouldn’t be thinking about this. My family, for all my frustrations with them, cares about me overall. My sister has always looked out for me, and I love her to death. I like my line of work overall, to include most of my coworkers. I’ve met a lot of interesting people the last few years through it all. I’m not poor, I don’t have chronic health problems... If I’m completely honest, a LOT of people would kill to be where I am in life. I guess that’s not much different from the sentiment of “it could always be worse” though.


But here I am. I go to court for the restraining order against her in a few days. I’ve broken and mended this heart a few times before, but this has been different. We weren’t together long, but it didn’t take long to get hurt. I still have the bruises, part of my hand is still numb. The antibiotics for the bite are almost over with. I remember screaming for help, not realizing I could actually be that loud. But knowing noone would answer… it was chilling.
But it’s even moreso chilling knowing that everyone has taken my story at face value, but that deep down, I’m not actually believed. Probably because, to my great disgust, I’m male. Just like how slowly, one by one, I’ve shared my being trans (MtF variety) with those close to me, and everyone listens but doesn’t get it. Still they say he/him, still they deadname me. No I don’t look prototypically female, I’m military. I have to present as male almost everyday, and I haven’t been on HRT long enough. No I don’t sound female, the hormones don’t change it, it’s self taught. That shit is SO hard.
And it’s a challenge I’ll rise to, only to find that even those closest and most dear to me… just won’t care. The fact that noone has outright pushed me away is little comfort to the fact that noone has embraced the old or new me either. I’m just… here. A stray cat who can hold it together 90+% of the time. Who everyone gets along with, but only from greater than an arm's length distance. A social shell too confusing for anyone to crack, a flavor of anxiety native to close relationships I can’t name or describe. With 3 different psychiatrists one by one becoming perplexed before absolving themselves of any responsibility. Almost always choosing to run the risks of loneliness, the familiar pain. Where does the ability to be precious to something/someone come from? And why is the daydream of affection so persistent when I can’t find it anywhere?


And then I did, with her. Is abuse the price I’m meant to pay?


I’ve got the how/when/where settled. I don’t have to end it, I can survive all this. I could even come out wiser and more resilient for it. But I’m not above humbly bowing out of this existence if I’ve no part to play.


I said too much already. If anyone read this, thank you. I wish you well.