Why do I even bother?I am 20 fucking years old and I feel like I've had centuries worth of abuse. I live in my father's home with my older brother. He is never home and so we are supposed to take care of this place. All the goddamn responsibility is always on my shoulders. It has always been that way since i was 13 and my family was still together. Everyone asks me to do something, I either have to do it or it's the biggest problem. Lately it'd been showing if I don't pull my brothers weight and my weight around, I am basically disowned. My father has been showing enough evidence that he truly hates me. Everything I do is incorrect and it's the biggest hassle in the world that I work my ass off to pay bills and try to keep myself alive. Meanwhile my lazy asshole brother and my father are more buddy-buddy than ever. They go out and hang out and go to dinner and talk while I sit behind alone like a shmuck. It's always about him and what he needs while I just better have everything perfect or risk being thrown out. Also, my girlfriend is no help. No matter what I do I'm always in the wrong and everything that happens out of my control is my fault. I can't see her on her break at work during rush hour because traffic is horrible, my fault. I bring my friend with me to pick her up because it was inconvenient to drop him off and see her, i'm an asshole. I do one thing, I should've done the exact opposite. I just hate having everyone tell me it's my fault for everything bad that happens or something I don't do. I just want to be able to not have everyones responsibilities be mine when they shouldn't. I should be able to save at least some of my minimum wage shit pay for myself or not worry about payments or how i'm going to get gas to actually get to work or being homeless just because I didn't vacuum or clean up after the caveman of a sibling I live with. I just hate it all and I want it all to end. Just end. If you read all of this, thank you. I'm sorry I rambled. If you don't I understand, no one listens to me usually.