I hate that I suck at everything I tryI am 33 years old and I still throw fucking temper tantrums when I lose in a game.  I hate myself and I suck at everything that I fucking try to do.  I 'm too lazy to spend the time to invest in getting good at something and I hate that I can't fucking just pick it up and do it well.  I always want to be the best at everything that I do and I can't just fucking enjoy anything beccause I am a dumb piece of shit. I wish I had a gun because I'd just put it in my mouth and pull the fucking trigger on my shitty self.  I hate my life.  I'm stuck living in a shit hole of a house with my transgender girlfriend who is a total slob and her mom who lets her dogs fucking shit all over the house and is totally ok with that.  They both never clean up and I've been living with him for 10 years.  I have given up hope of my life ever getting better.  I'm 30k in debt from running up charge card bills and I just wish I was dead.  Nothing in my life is ever good anymore.   I wish I could say I don't care but it's pretty obvious that I do.  I can't control my rage or my anger anymore or my tears for that matter.  I can't ever stop crying.  I cry all the time now.  I hate being alive.     I want to kill myself everyday on my way into work I fantasize about driving my car off the overpass into the train yard and the car blowing up with me inside it.  

My life is miserable and it'll never get better it's only going to get worse.  I'm in constant pain i'm overweight but I can't exercise because every time I do I have to have a fucking surgery on my knee.  No joke, 5 in the last 3 years because everytime I try to exercise I tear my menisi in my knees.  Everything about my life is terrible and I'm just tired of existing.  i've had a plan since I was 14 that I wasn't going to live past 40 years old, and if I had known that my life was going to be this fucking miserable, I would have actually killed myself when I spent all night cutting my wrists.  I want to overdose on something but I don' thave anymore pills.  I hate myself and I just wish I was dead.  That's all.  Everyone just takes advantage of me because they know I can't say no, because i'm not capable of doing it.  I also want to know, why me?  What did I ever do to deserve all this suffering and anguish, did I do something wrong?  Did I do something to antagonize the neighbor into groping me when I was 5 years old?  Did i do something from then on to make my family shit talk every decision that I made, and why did a 22 year old date me for 7 years when I was only 14.  Why did these things happen to me?  Why did I deserve all this bullshit what did I ever do to anyone?  I'm a nice person who deserves to be happy but I guess that's just not in the cards for me.  Fuck this i'm done.