And yet again the beast rears its ugly headSo, a bit of background is necessary I suppose. I've posted here a time or two in the past under various throwaways while I've been in particularly dark moments and I feel like I am once again in need of someone to help me rationalize. 

For as long as I can remember I have battled depression. Every milestone that I've set for myself has been with the goal of happiness in mind. "If I make it into a good college I'll be happy!" Nope. "If I make it into medical school I'll be happy!" Nope. "If I get a girlfriend I'll be happy!" Nope. And so on and so forth. I've made what many would consider to be a multitude of positive changes in my life and yet I'm still searching to find a reason for my continued existence. To be quite honest, at this point, the only reason that I've stuck around is just to avoid hurting those who do care for me as I feel like I have virtually no self-motivated desire to do so. 

Med school is going fine, I'm currently in my second year and really not having any issue passing my courses (despite an inordinate amount of time spent lazily scrolling and clicking through reddit). I always thought that once I got to this level of education that I would finally be introduced to a subject material that would fully engross and entertain me, but I find myself deluged my arbitrary trivial details, much as I was in lower-education. 

Relationship is okay. I mean, there's not really all that much joy that one can expect from a moderately-long-distance-relationship involving two graduate students, right? I'd have to say that I did feel genuinely happy when she and I spent some time together before we went to our respective schools, but all of that has pretty much fizzled out over the past two years. 

Thinking to the future no longer really gives me much hope of happiness anymore. The more time I spend thinking about it, the more I realize that for the rest of my life, my free time will steadily be whittled away by work stressors, home stressors, etc. I honestly don't really know what to do anymore.

I've tried a multitude of anti-depressants in the past to no-or-little effect. I've hit the gym hoping for that mythical endorphin surge. I've tried meditating. I'm starting to wonder if, perhaps, happiness really isn't something that can be achieved by everyone.