Sit down and think...Every night, when I lay down in my bed, I look up at the ceiling in my room and my thoughts wander. I have a small plastic star, it's yellow and it glows in the dark, it's plastered to the ceiling in my room. It was a gift as a child from a professor at a convention I attended one summer. I remember his words even today, "Reality is bigger than you can imagine. We are just a few people, on one planet, in one solar system, around one star, in one galaxy, in one universe... anything is possible." 

To this day those words ring true to me, perhaps not in the way he had meant, but the validity of his statement has brought forth what I consider to be a crushing weight on my life. I am one person. On one planet. We could all die tomorrow, and what would change in the grand scheme of all things? Nothing. We're a speck of dust. 

Some might say that we have a responsibility to strive and reach out into our own reality to shape it. We pave the way so that thousands of years from now we really will shape the universe. But to what end. We will all be dead and our new generations will have more insurmountable challenges ahead of them. 

The goal of all biological life is to reproduce. This is an evident and undeniable fact present in all life that we have observed. Everything and anything that exists within what we define as life has been formatted and pinpointed into that specific directive: give way to the next generation no matter what. But to what end.

When I lay down at night and look at that star I think about all the people in the world, all the things that have been created. And then I think about nothing. The nothing that would exist if this world didn't exist. The nothing that is my mind and body, just chemicals, nothing special. 

Some people resort to religion as a crutch to help them through this fear, put it at the back of their mind and forget about it. I look at it every night, and every night I want to disappear. 

I don't find life worth living, I haven't tried to kill myself, I probably won't commit suicide. I think suicide is an answer that I have not yet been driven to seek. But I would hope that someone here can brighten my life, and perhaps this vast reality where we mean nothing, could be filled with the warmth and happiness I see in others. The warmth and happiness I've never been able to quite grasp.