I dont know what to do...

First of I live with my mom and two younger sisters. This problem has been going on as long as I can remember, and it has slowly been driving me nuts. No matter what I do in my home, my mom conplains. I can't remember last time my mom said something sincerely nice or just wondered how my day was. An example is the other day when I came home from school with the results on my math exam. I got one of the best grades in class, but all she said was that i could do it better. This is the scenario no matter what I do. I do something nice/something I'm proud of, and after that I get yelled at for something, just because.

I've thought about it, and at one point I thought my mom was depressed, but I dont think thats it. Whenever I am in my room and listens to the livingroom when my mom and sisters are alone my mom is happy and acting nice, but when I enter the room it's like I annoy her with my presence. It's also worth mentioning that I've asked why she complains about everything I do, but the answer is of course: because I need "help". (If you think I'm some sort of problem child, I'm not. I''ve got good grades, and I generally don't make trouble.)

Either my mom just hates me, for some reason, or it's some kind of other problem I can't see. My main problem is that this really affects my life, because I believe it when she says I'm not good enough. I know I don't should listen to her, but she is my mom after all. I've had some level of depression since I was 15, and I ask for advise now because I'm in a better place now than in a long time. I know I will get back in my destructive mind if this keep on going, but I dont know what to do.

I know I don't have any suicidal thoughts, and that is the point of this subreddit. I have thoughts about running away from home, but in my head this is sort of in the same genre. The difference is that I want to live.

(Sorry if the text is not well structured, english is not my best subject, and I'm not english speaking either.)