I'm a counselor at a suicide hotline...AMA!Hi! Not sure this is allowed -- I work as crisis counselor on a suicide prevention lifeline and I just posted an AMA about my job in r/IAmA because people have expressed interest, but I figured I'd post specifically here too because it seems relevant and we can discuss it in more detail (though we're obviously still operating under the subreddit guidelines). I'm doing this because I think that there are a lot of myths and misunderstandings about crisis lines and similar resources that prevent people from reaching out when it could be helpful.

For confidentiality reasons I won't say which line I work at or disclose identifying information about myself, my co-workers, and certain aspects of how the call center works. Otherwise, ask anything. And don't be afraid of coming off hostile...a lot of people who deal with suicidal ideation have negative feelings towards crisis lines that are there for very valid reasons and I want to (1) better understand those feelings and how we can not inflict them on people, and (2) provide useful information or perspective if I can. So, air your grievances if you wish! I recently explained my views on the thorny ethics of suicide prevention in a long-ass comment over [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/98zb7v/the_focus_on_suicide_prevention_instead_of_the/) if you want an idea of where I stand on that.

Note: Please don't assume I'm a random well-meaning mental health professional who "doesn't get it". I experienced severe and persistent suicidality for many years; I no longer do, and I now work in this field specifically because I know that suffering and what it's like to feel hopeless and alone and desperately want to die. Everyone's experience is different so I would never go so far as to say that I understand exactly what any of you are feeling, but please know that I'm not only coming at this from the career angle. I've been there, and what I try to do now is be what I needed.

&lt;3