First time I'm considering itHi, idk if I'm supposed to introduce myself but call me Francis. I want to share my story with you. Idk where else to go. I'm 21 and I'm finishing law school this month. I have always been sad and lonely since I can remember, mostly due to self esteem and confidence problems. I always recall being different in a bad way. I never really gave it much thought and always assumed having a significant other would solve it and all of my problems, which lead me on a quest to find love. At 16 I started dating a girl who lived far from me. I graduated high school and moved near her and went to law school. Last year I broke up with her because I was stupid and thought I should get a taste of college life. I regreted it but it was too late. She must hate me now because she is ghosting me since then. She was my reason to live, and whenever I felt like I was lost I always knew I'd be besides her and that would make me confident. I'm now bouncing from failed relationship to failed relationship. With her everything was perfect, and I could trust her with my life. Now with every partner, I feel used, I get paranoid and I always end up alone. I feel like I can't take this anymore, and that in the future it will be worse, I always get the feeling I am going to fail life, and I'll just be homeless, \( I know it sounds stupid but it's my biggest fear\). That's why for the first time I'm considering committing suicide, I don't have a future or a reason to live. I grew up hearing my mother mentioning it when things would get rly complicated. This past year I started to contemplate doing it. I never told anyone not even my ex's because it wouldn't be fair to them, and that's one of the things keeping me from doing it right now. it's nobody's fault but my own. The other one is my family, they would be devastated, especially my nephew which is just like a younger brother to me. He looks up to me and even says he wants to be a law student just like me. But neither he nor anybody knows about this. So every time I see them I need to put on an happy face, or act like someone I'm not. My friends notice it but they don't really think it's this bad. 

Anyone in the same spot, has love \( or the lack of it\) or whatever this is got you like this ? 