I think my (20m) friend (20f) of 2 years is planning suicide. I don't know what to do.Hey, reposting from /r/relationships.  

The title says at all. She's a Muslim college student, and a great friend of mine. She has a lot of issues in her life, and extreme anxiety. She most likely will be put up for an arranged marriage, and her parents expect her to come out of college with a hard science degree, on the road to becoming a doctor.

She is always joking about killing herself. We all do, from time to time, like "oh hey if I jumped out the window there wouldn't be finals." I think she's serious.

In the past, once she tried to commit suicide. She said she was in a better place. I don't know.

For a while, she had a crush on me. I told her I don't feel the same way, and I always want to be her friend. She lost a friend earlier in her life because of the suicide thing. Something (she didn't say) happened to another friend, and she feels responsible. We connected over a similar experience I had in life. We are both anxious people, worried about psychological issues like anxiety and depression.

I encouraged her to see a counselor, and to my surprise, a few weeks back, she did! The only problem is that the office turned her away. They said they had a waiting list that ran until the end of the semester. She can't afford to go to a real psychologist, and her parents won't support that.

Recently, she's been alluding to "two plans" for the summer. One is it all gets magically better. The other sounds like she's going to "run away" from her problems. It sounds a lot like suicide. She says "she doesn't have it in her".

I don't know what to do. I want to call the university's public safety, but I don't want to ruin her life. There is one day left of finals week before summer break, but I don't think banking on the stress ending there will help.

She's texting me now. I skimmed a website (can't post the link here - a few websites now actually) but I don't know what else to do here. I'm just talking to her. I reminded her that she's loved, and that if she ever needs a friend, I have my phone 24/7. But I'd rather not get the call at 2am when she's about to do it. I want her to be better, before anything bad happens.

I'm not qualified to solve this myself. I really think I need to call public safety.

Please help me save a good person from making a mistake.

TLDR: friend may be considering suicide. I have no idea what to do. Therapy is not an option. I probably need therapy too. She is texting me now. Please help.