I hate my mother so much I want to die.My mother always mentions I'm so much like her, and I admit I have many of her traits, including not having any education on how to process emotions. she's fucking crazy. shouts at the top of her lungs if something doesn't go her way or if you even give her criticism, yet she can shout slurs, humiliate and pressure me into feeling like everything is my fault and I can't talk back to her or else "i'll be talking back to my mother". She throws this fucking card, and the "God knows who is right" card. 

What triggered me tonight was remembering 2 years ago how I mustered up so much courage over my fear to tell her I didn't actually graduate and how much pain it put me through...and the first fucking response is one with ZERO compassion, all this bitch gives a shit about it if I'm blaming her and that "I failed and couldn't graduate because I was incompetent and didn't want to do anything". DID YOU ASK EVEN FOR ONE SECOND IF I AM HAPPY BEING ALIVE? ASK FOR ONE SECOND HOW I FELT? Am I some fucking side character npc to you with no emotion who never needs to be regarded seriously? I'm your son who you never taught to live a life of purpose other than being a fucking people pleaser. I'm your son with brothers who you taught to use violence as a love language and treat me like I'm a sack of shit. Even today I cry for help into the dark, knowing telling other people changes nothing; knowing that understanding my past won't change the fact I can't escape my family. I'm still living with her and have no choice but to never bring any of my past childhood traumas and abuse with her either. because it's just better not to tire myself out explaining even a bit of how I feel to her. I wish I could fucking die. I really do. I dreamed so much as a kid one day some other adult would find out what was going on, come rescue me and give me a new life. We had social workers come one time and my mom told them I mispronounced "acuse" and said "abuse" instead. I knew exactly what came out of my mouth. 

I hate this life I currently have. I have to be taken care of her financially because I have zero confidence. I don't know how to get myself out. I genuinely know nothing of it. and I'm scared. I really want to live, but I feel like death would always be better knowing it means I'd never have lived to experience all the violence, humiliation and emotional neglect. I want to die. I really want to end my life and burn all my belongings so she can't hold onto ANYTHING that was a part of my personal life.