I know I’m young, I know this is stupid and there are opportunities out there, but I don’t see another way.I’m turning 18 in a few months, I know, ridiculously young and stupid for people to assume their life is over so early. I’ve heard that all. But I’ll just go ahead and speak my mind since I don’t know what else to do.

Ever since I was about 14, the second I had any amount of self awareness, I’ve hated who I was. I didn’t realize it back then, I didn’t know what was happening to me, but a depression started four to five years ago that hasn’t let up. I’ll admit I have life pretty good, I’m doing well in school, I have parents and friends and there’s a lot to be grateful for. But I’m not a grateful person. I’ve always been a shy kid, I never made friends well and there were many times in my life where I didn’t have any friends or I had terrible friends that made me feel worse about myself. I went to a small Christian school all my life. I was horribly sheltered by my mom and it took a lot before I decided I didn’t believe in god, and I left that school.

I have anxiety, it’s always been there, mostly due to genetics, also because of my reclusive personality and tendency to overthink everything. But this spiked when I began having panic attacks just before Sophomore year. And ever since then it’s been a horrible and terrifying battle as I’ve climbed through high school, dealing with stress and learning to grow up and get ready to be an adult, having panic attacks and harming myself nearly every day just because of the amount of pressure being put on me. It’s taken me this long to get a drivers license, I had a terrible fear of driving and I had avoided it at all costs until recently. It took a lot of therapy and medication to make it happen, and sometimes I still struggle with it, but I at least got my license. However that’s the most of my accomplishments I can fess up to. 
All my friends right now have jobs, at least 4.0 GPA and they’re leaving for big colleges, or at least they’ve obtained lots of scholarships and have an impressive amount of good job experience for their age, some are even working in small tech companies at 17 years old. I nearly cry every time I have to order takeout over the phone, filling out job applications online end up with me panicking by the end of it if I even stomach the ability to make it there. 

I’ve been sheltered and spoiled all my life, and I have anxiety issues outside of this that make the idea of growing up and living on my own seem impossible. I hate myself for being dependent on people, my mom is unemployed and surviving off Child Support from my dad, which is going to end quite soon when I turn 18. Neither of us can afford to have me depend on her all my life and I obviously don’t want to have to do that in the first place. And we’re currently shoveling out money with as much help from my dad as possible for appointments with my psychologist and medication. I’ve been pulled aside by my stepmom and my dad and been told that I need to suck this up or things will only get worse, and I very well know that. 

People don’t take me seriously anymore, I’m very emotionally charged and I can’t help but share my thoughts with good friends I have now that I trust. But I’ve lost friends doing this, and angered some of the friends I have now. No matter what happens it seems as if I will come up with an excuse to not be okay, I’m envious, a coward, I hate myself and I feel incapable of love. And though I’ve had suicidal thoughts many times in my past, today I’ve decided I need to do this, if there is any alternative I would love one, but I’ve sat with psychologists, good ones too, for a few years now. I’ve developed good behaviors to try and change myself, I meditate and take meds, I have a network of friends to fall back on. But nobody can give me another way out of this. I feel like if I keep living I’ll still be this same person, this coward that can’t take care of himself and relies on everyone else for support. 

I’ve tried everything, but I can’t change myself, and it feels as if my body wasn’t meant to be alive. My anxiety makes it feel as if I was never meant to live past this moment, it breaks down just thinking about it and I have no control. And this is only my most dire issue, I still require love and self esteem that I have none of. There is so much more I don’t want to drone on with here but to wrap this up: I’ve been searching for help and I can’t find any solutions, it seems as if I’ll suffer with this forever and I don’t know how I can survive for much longer with this. I’m just going to be a burden at this point, and even if we don’t consider any of my emotional needs and feelings, I don’t know if I’ll be able to function on my own the way things are. 