My Life Is A Dumpster Fire — so tired of fighting against the terrible things in the world. Can’t stop thinking of just removing myself from it instead.

I’ve been depressed since I was 15 or 16. I’m 21 now and still feel how I did then, actually intensely worse ever since I was sexually assaulted last Fall at my university. I reported it and he got off scot free for it, but was expelled soon after for unrelated drug dealing charges. 

Anyway this was my first semester back at school (went abroad last semester which was dope to just escape my garbage life for a while).it was so hard going back to that campus this semester and not being strong enough to pull off the facade that I’m okay. I missed over half the classes for three of my courses, cant fucking believe i did that. And I saw another rape case happen within my major, to my friend to make matters worse. 

She tried taking her life a few weeks back and withdrew for the rest of the semester. Her rapist continues showing up to classes as if nothing’s happening and it makes me fucking sick. And it’s like I’m the only one in my major who fucking cares. I crossed her rapist’s name off from all the audition sheets but got snitched on, have a conduct hearing after break to make matters worse re; my shitty academic standing, the administration hates me too. 

But yea. Seeing this happen AGAIN a year after my title ix case , to my fucking angel of a friend, it just broke me all over again and made my addictions worse and made me lose a lot of the hope I had left for ever feeling better...


I’m laying in bed dreading my grades coming in knowing that probability says I’ll fail two of my 5 classes even though I stayed up for practically this whole week on Adderall churning out every single missed assignment so my family won’t see me as such a god damn mess. But this’ll just make things worse. I’m supposed to graduate next semester but if I fail I’ll have to make up some credits. And i don’t have it in me I really don’t. And nothing anyone says will help does help, that’s the fucked thing. Like therapy? Tried ten different therapists since 2010 and none of them have worked. Meds? Not much difference there either. It all just feels like a sign that I should stop fighting once and for all. But I’m scared to do it. I just wish I could disappear without a trace.