Out of optionsI'm scared to post here. I don't know where else to go, what else to say. I'm thinking about this very seriously. We're going to lose our health insurance. We have a child who is allergic to dairy, nuts, and seeds. I've lost count of how many times she's been exposed and had to use her EpiPen. Alternatives for any one of the three generally involves one of the other two. It's constant. We can't afford the EpiPen without our shitty insurance. It's $200 a pop as it is. My husband has no hopes of getting better pay, and his company doesn't offer health insurance benefits and his schedule doesn't allow me to work outside the home, not without paying out more in childcare than I'd bring home and likely without the benefit of health insurance anyway. Extended family is not involved in our lives. We literally have no help from anyone and aren't eligible for any governmental programs because we pay all of our bills. We have very little debt but no money left over to do things like afford a $700 a month insurance policy that will be our only option when renewal time comes.

I am thinking of killing myself because one of the things I made myself do when I became a parent was get a life insurance policy. It isn't much, but it's $600,000 because it's all I was assessed as being worth. That was a few years ago. Most policies actually do have loopholes about suicide. My policy is one of them. $600,000 would be enough to pay off the debt we have, replace my husband's car, and provide for the services of a care provider for when she's out of school and he's at work. Most importantly, it would be enough to get her insured after our coverage is yanked. To pay for her EpiPen and her restricted diet. To send her to an allergist in the hopes of treating her allergies and not letting her die.

I can't watch her die from a place of helplessness. I don't want to leave her. I want to watch her grow up. She's such an awesome person, and I'm not just saying it because she's mine. But my job is to protect her. To provide for her. And I can't do that. 