I am a nuisanceTo everyone in my life. Anyone that knows me for more than a day would attest to that. I'm bad at everything I do, I only cause problems wherever I work or go or whoever I talk to. I do everything wrong, over and over, and I'm incapable of learning. But most importantly I'm a nuisance to friends and the people I love. I can't do anything right, I'm either too lazy, doing something wrong, or too attentive, annoying and not fun to be around for very long. I'm not a normal person, I'm weird, I feel like I've had to learn how to blend in my whole life. I'm not interesting, I'm not valuable, I have nothing to offer anyone. I've driven away the person I love most because I am a nuisance, I am a problem, I am a virus to anyone that finds themselves attached to me.  I clung to her like she was a sinking raft in the ocean that I poked  the holes in, grasping for dear life bringing her down with me. she left. I have no true sense of self other than these things I've mentioned which I'm sure of. I've been contemplating this so long it feels natural, existentially imperative to my worldview, thinking about not existing is my only real hobby. I've been doing it as long as I can remember. When I was 10 I  used to imagine my school  friend at the time leaving me and hating me. I've done it to myself, I'm lonely because that's  all I know how to be, everyone leaves me, and for good reason, theres no reason to stay and I make it that way. There is no longer any reason for me not to do it. It's not sad, it's just what needs to be done, some people aren't supposed to live. If life is about being useful, if only to yourself, then it's only natural I stop living it, I am useful to no one. Life clearly isn't about living or happiness, or even enjoying being alive. If you think that you're in blissful ignorance. But that's ok, it's what is required to ignore the weight of the world subjugating every living thing on this planet.
Now I just sound pretentious, I'm not, I just hate the world I live in, and desperately hate myself. I don't know when it will be, but it will be. I'm sorry.