i'm just tired of everythingI have been struggling for almost five years now to make things better and they never get there. They always seem like they might getter better but then the other shoe drops and it all goes to crap again. I keep getting screwed over and hurt and I don't know why I bother to keep trying anymore. It never goes right. It never works.

There's never enough money for me to live, I either have to choose between gas for my car or groceries so I can eat. I barely make rent most of the time. I'm drowning in debt. This week I can't even afford to refill my medication which means I'm going to get hit with withdrawals, which means I won't be able to drive to work so I won't be making any money anyway. Everything's just a downhill drain and it never, ever, ever gets better. I'm stressed and I'm not sleeping right and I keep screwing things up.

I have told myself over and over and over again that if I just keep trying, things will improve. But they DON'T. I've been trying for FIVE. YEARS. So why bother anymore. If anything good happens, I'm always bracing for impact, waiting for the bad thing to come along and yank the rug out from under me. And it ALWAYS comes. 

Been four years since I made my last, pathetic attempt to kill myself. But there are times, like right now, where I really just want to hang myself. Or pull knife out of the kitchen.

Because why bother. This isn't living. This world's burning and will probably be a nuclear wasteland in a few years anyway. Humans suck and I hate them. I don't like myself or my life and I don't see what kind of good I do anyone anyway. I want to go back to therapy but, haha, I can't afford to. I'm terrified of ending up in a psychiatric unit even though half the time I think that's where I belong. Everything is so stupid and miserable and I don't want to be on this stupid planet anymore.

Logically, I know it would hurt people if I killed myself. And I don't want to do that. All I've ever wanted to do in my life is entertain people and make them smile.

But how the hell am I supposed to do that when I can barely find a reason to smile myself.

I'm going to try and sleep for a few hours because I actually have to go to work tomorrow morning so please don't be alarmed if I don't respond to comments right away. I'm not trying anything tonight. I'm too much of a coward. But this is a bad night, a bad, bad night that I just want to make everything stop, to make everything go away. It's a night where I really feel like I'd be better off dead. I hate it here. So why should I bother staying.