14I am thankful that bestie reassured me that it was not a “breakdown” but a “breakthrough,” which reminds me of Muse – Hysteria. “I’m not breaking down, I’m breaking out.” &lt;3 We used to listen to them together all the time.

The more people asked, the more I was happy to share. Some people got upset with me though, saying that I was sharing their story and it was only their story. This enrages me because these all affected me, too! As an adult, I can empathize and understand that they too were broken, but it is no excuse. Then again, they should have received help with their mental health long before any of this happened!

A child shouldn’t have had to grow up, take care of their siblings, witness a near suicide, and get violated by pedophiles over and over again! I should have never been told to “get over it,” get treated like my problems were insignificant, and like I was just a bad-tempered dramatic child. Adults should have protected me! Police should have investigated further! Counsellors should have done more! --- But how could they when we have been silenced, lacked the ability to articulate, or were afraid for our lives? This is why people push through to the other side, because they are abandoned, shunned, ridiculed, and afraid to reach out when they need help the most.

I hate when counsellors/professionals ask me to think of a time when I was happy, especially as a child. It’s so hard. I know there must be slivers here and there, but they are so hard to find. I grew up with all these confusing life lessons and being brainwashed to believe that “family is all we’ve got.” If family is all we’ve got, why have so many family members hurt instead of protect me?

It frustrates me how few people don’t know, don’t care, and are still unaware of our very own Canadian History. It infuriates me how many people think that refugees don’t belong here. If we were to look at it that way, then Europeans should have never been here in the first place! However, I do not believe in this. 

Some asked, “Why do you want culture back? We are fine without it.”

“What can we do to make things right?” I would reply. It is always easiest to run away, but it’s not necessarily the best choice. The things you run from constantly come back to haunt you.

This ALL makes me who I am today.

April: Fired: Jane

I went back to work. Jane texted me, telling me to come in for a few hours once or twice a week instead of full-time late at night, as usual. Jane claimed that they wanted to let me ease back into the job.

I still constantly had to ask for my ROE through emails, texts, messages, notes, and in person. At first, Jane kept saying she would look into it. Eventually, she told me that her accountant said that I didn’t need one. Eventually, she claimed that she did not have to give me my ROE by law, requested proof of why I needed my ROE, and threatened to talk to her lawyer. I sent the work group chat several screenshots. Even today I looked it up on Google:

“If a ROE is issued in paper form, the original copy (Part I) must be given to the employee. Part II of the ROE must then be issued to Service Canada within five calendar days of the first day of an interruption of earnings (the last day paid) or the day the employer becomes aware of an interruption of earnings. Jul 30, 2015”

I should have received my ROE the first week of March.

One day, I was at work, and for some reason, Jane told me to simplify my work down to cleaning. I was checking work emails. She came up to me and wanted me to bag the garbage can differently. It was never a problem all year, why now?

For some reason, she wanted me to write my exact day to day duties and simplify what I did, so I was in the middle of writing that, answering phone calls, and checking emails - multitasking as usual! The shop NEVER made me do this task before either, so again, after a whole year, why now?

I continued to check the work email and she came back again, asking why I was on the computer. 

I tried explaining that I was doing that write-up for her, just like she requested. She claimed I had a weird tone and kept asking why I was on the computer. “I was typing up that write-up, as requested” I said again. I didn’t get what the huge deal was. I could tell something was off about her, but she still claimed \*I\* was the one who was acting weird.

Eventually, I went back to checking and replying to work emails. I came across a letter of termination that was to be given to me the following week. It had a payout of about $500. I vented about it to coworkers and Jane caught wind of it. Everyone carried on and went back to work. One coworker came back from the main room, and I was told, “I was not asked to, I was told to let you go.” Jane was still there at the shop in the main room, but she sent my coworker to fire me.

Shocked, my coworker and I hugged, and I walked out quietly. 

I continued getting texts from Jane, constantly stating that I had to go in and sign those forms and still tried paying me out. I wasn’t even working there, and she was STILL texting me in my personal time, just like what she did when I was working there. I left it un-replied.

Another day, she texted me claiming that she saw John and I leaving the shop together, and told me that I am not legally allowed in the shop at all. I told her that Jane#2 and John were working at the shop that day and that I was in Surrey. I was furious. She apologized and told me to have a good day. So, she was just sitting outside of the shop, watching out for me, pretending to go away for a work trip?!

After months of dealing with EI, I had a case worker who finally got a hold of her. She finally stopped asking me to come in to sign that form and sent me my ROE. Even then, she gave me the employer’s copy, so this further hastened the process time.

Shortly after, John was told he could finish clients over a period of weeks or months, part time or full time in person. Jane made it clear that although a job search was imminent for John, he would of course be able to finish his clients. Less than one hour larer she fired during his lunch break through text and said she would be contacting his clients to return their deposits. The only explanation was that it was “for business reasons” which didn’t make sense because he was making nearly the most money.

July: Finally

I only received 3 payments since March 1 of backpay from EI and was still dealing with the paperwork, phone calls, doctor visits, etc. Even though I was given zero notice with zero reasons why I was fired, she isn't getting penalized because she told them that her reason for dismissal was "not enough work."  


The Victim Application Form: The Doctor

I found the Victim Application form, the whole reason I was inspired to finally write my story . share it and stick with it. No turning back.

Recently, I saw that family doctor again, requesting his letter. He claimed it was the first he's ever heard about sexual assault and Vietnam! He looked over his notes saying that there was NOTHING about sexual assault! He never took any notes! He charged me more than usual for the note and denied my request for a prescription refill!!!

I started crying, telling him I felt nauseous, dizzy, heavy, and shaky. He didn't get what was wrong, checked my blood pressure, offered me Gravol, and offered to send me to the hospital! I have been seeing him for two years! He was the one who wrote me SEVERAL notes so I could take time off in the first place!!!

Turns out he sexually assaulted people in the workplace as well as in his private life! He has even made comments like “she shouldn’t wear something like that. OF COURSE, she would get raped.” 

If you Google him, right away there are a number of nasty things about him, but of course the very first day when we needed him most, he was there, but as time went on… things progressively went downhill. I have had to keep dealing with him because of the EI and ROE, and I needed a new letter proving that I needed a month off work because of John (2007) and X, Y, Z, re-traumatizing myself because he never took notes. 

Hope?

There's a celebration coming up next month. I don't know what to do. I have always sucked it up, trying to think of the future and how to make my husband happy. If my husband and I had kids, I want things to at least be civil... but shit kept happening and nothing was changing....

So why do I want my culture back? 

Why not? I want to come to terms with everything. I thrive on speaking my truth. I need to constantly remind myself that vulnerability, reaching out, and helping others are forms of strengths, not weaknesses. 

I never thought I wanted kids in fear of screwing them up. Everybody wants to be ready, but I hope that John and I can also proudly show them where home is and that the world can be a beautiful place. 