I don't knowIm 20 male, recently broke up with my girl of 3 years. I dunno how i feel about that. I think i want it. Right now im coming down off a drug called 2cb me and my friends spent the night and early morning here in ireland doing it, felt like horse shit after it and thats because i am. I cant recall one good meaningful thing ive done for society or the world all i do is take take take and want more for myself and think about how i can improve my image to other people. 

Thats the number one priority in my life. because thats how fucked i am. The only person i feel in a totally normal comfortable relationship with is my mother. Everything else is just akward. I cant forge a decent pure relationship with anyone, co workers, a cashier, the milkman, the people i like to call my best friends. I feel that theres something about my demeanour or my style that everybody mutually understands and it prevents me from making any relationship progress with anyone. Maybe im just socially retarded. I hate it. I feel so alone. 


I know i shouldnt even have the right to complain because hey look at my perfect first world life. Its not perfect. Sometimes i hate it and feel in utter darkness, the next day i can find the most simple things in life  so beautiful. Ive cried many times simply because i became overcome with the beauty and intricacies of life. 

Theres a new girl. We met in a club. We walked home drunk together from the club because we had no cab money and our friends had dissapeared. Since i met her the majority of my thinking time goes to her. Shes unbelievably cute. I fell so in love with her and still am. There is definetely a difference between loving someone and being in love with someone. I met up with her a few times afterwards. She toys with me i think. I've heard people say about her that she gets around and that makes my stomach turn. Slowly our texting relationship deteriorated. Like everything else does. She still hasnt replied to my last message. And she probably wont. I dunno what might seem attractive about me to a non drunk person. But the sun shines out of her eyes in my view. And i wish it didnt. I wish i wasnt so helplessly pathetically in love. Because the truth is i'll never have her. Ill always watch from a distance her having the time of her life and being flippantly happy. And that makes me wanna cry and cry and cry.

I dont think anyone ever really considers me to be anything important. Kinda like the 5 year old whos tagging along while the grown ups talk. Its soul destroying. All i want to know is what the fuck is wrong with me and why am i different. 

I like to think that someone up above has put these challenges in front of me and has a hand on my shoulder urging me on. But then again i just think maybe im just a worthless odd ball. Its all just chemical and biological reactions and im just a biological freak, not able to fit in because of whatever biological difference in my body or brain. And that, fills me with the scariest fear. That maybe i am just alone and in this biological evolutionary world and not meant to fit in.

My lust for image and approval has gone so far as to think if i kill myself at least then il be the talking point for a small bit of time. Il be interesting for a bit. Im just so tired of seeing people glance awkwardly at me. 

 Im sorry if this trainwreck of text was too much for this subreddit and if you gotten this far really really thank you for even making me part of your life for the last 2 minutes. Im not looking for sympathy or gonna make any empty threats. I know i wont kill myself now. I dont have the balls to because im a coward. But i can feel myself going down a slide. It seems much more a realistic possibility than it did six months ago. I just wanna talk. Thats all. With people where i dont have to put on a fake style and a fake illusion that life is perfect and we're all normal and theres no problems. 