I don't have anywhere to goI've had anxiety and depression problems for around 7 years now. When I was 17 I hurt myself a lot. I stopped for a while, recently started again- school's not going well, my three jobs are/were keeping me so I can't take care of myself. My then-girlfriend attempted suicide a few months ago and asked me to stop again to help her recovery. I did. I started seeing a therapist and taking anxiety medication. She broke up with me two months later because our relationship was falling apart between her depression and my anxiety. A few weeks later, she interrupted me when I was setting up a suicide attempt.

None of my friends (all two of them) know what to do with me. Therapy isn't helping. I'm so alone I can't breathe. This weekend my meds ran out (university pharmacy closed for the weekend before I realized I'd be out) and I spent most of it shaking and crying and having panic attacks. No one was there. I got my meds today and started taking them again. Tonight, my ex girlfriend told me she was going to start seeing someone else. I'm still in love with her. 

I haven't stopped shaking from the weekend and I can't sleep and I'm shaking and having twitches and tremors and I want to hurt myself or worse but I promised her I wouldn't but I just can't do this anymore. I can't keep being this alone, I can't stay so panicked. I can't control my own body, and I haven't won one in so long I can't keep this up. Nothing is getting better, and whenever I have something to hope for or hold onto, it blows up in my face. I lost the number for the local hotline. 

I promised my ex that I wouldn't hurt myself tonight. I really want to break the promise but I know that unless I go all-out and solve the problem for good, I'll feel horrible and I'll lose yet another friend. I don't want to be here anymore and I don't want to feel like this anymore. I slept 2 hours. Last night, to keep myself safe I drank half a bottle of Jameson. I'm disgusted with myself that I can't control myself unless I'm so drunk I can't stand.

I keep thinking about going to buy razors. I spent hours on Sunday trying to find an x-acto knife.

There's no one here to listen. I keep thinking about emailing an ex from a few years ago I had a falling out with. She was good at talking me down, but I still can't feel okay about being myself because of her.

I just registered on here. I need someone to care. At the same time, a little detached part of me keeps thinking that I don't know why anyone would, at the very least because this post is so rambly and whiney and contains more than my fair share of run-on sentences.