it's not normal to feel this way.Don't even know where to start. 

I feel as if I've lost the ability or the interest to explain anything. To place it simply, I've just lost interest in everything. I feel apathetic to most things that I would have once been excited or thrilled about. 

I suppose that it's just the accumulation and the years of stress and bad things happening without any signs of stopping. I used to believe that if I continued to look forward to the future, I would be able to hold on and not give in to my self-destructive thoughts. But how can anyone believe in hope when all it seems to ever do is to slip right out between my fingers. It betrays me, that's all I can say. 

My family is dysfunctional at its best, talks about depression or anxiety is usually regarded as ' you will get over it', or ' you have to just win over it yourself'. Going to college has always been difficult, mainly due to financial reasons. The one time I am able to receive the opportunity to go to university through a scholarship, the fucking usps lost my mail I sent in request to receive some documents I needed to upload in order to receive my scholarship. ( and it's been two days since my documents were due, thanks usps for the excellent work as always :)  ) Working at a customer service job just wears my patience out thin day by day. These people don't give a shit about you, they don't even regard you as an equal human being over the counter. Let's not even get started about the state that this country is in regarding racism / politics / etc., I've just lost my hopes entirely on anything to become fixed. There is more to where my stresses stem from, but I do think it will take far too long to go into all of it. 

What even is the point anymore. Sympathy or compassion from friends are limited, and most times, I feel even worse at these kinds of situations. Maybe that's weird to say? But I've grown to despise it. It does not fix anything, and it makes me feel worse at some points. And now I am simply just. apathetic to simply everything. How can anyone be expected to hold onto hope when all you are faced with each day is despair upon despair. 

I don't actively go out of my ways to seek for my death. However, it's more on the lines that I wouldn't mind at all if I were to get into an accident tomorrow and died. There's just no fear attached to the thought of dying. 

I'm just tired, really tired.