How do I do betterAll I think about now is ending it. Just not being here anymore. Putting a bullet in and returning to that nothing. I hate what I look like, I hate how I act, I hate me.

When I'm alone, I get nothing done. I'm lazy. I know there is stuff to do but I just cant will myself to do anything. Even the things I want to do.  I get trapped in my own head over analyzing every fuck up I've ever done, everyshitty thing I've ever done, every shitty thing someone has done to me, or taking something way too personally and hiding in shame to the point I dont want to think anymore. So I run to some people I would call freinds.

 When im around people. I feel like no one gets me. No one understands the real me. I feel like I'm wearing a mask of a cool guy everyone loves but no one likes. The mask hides that scared boy crying from the lightning under his blanket. I act tough and cool but deep down I'm shitting my pants in trying to make people like me. I feel alone when im around others. So I act different to be the center of attention. I make jokes and be an attention whore. And I make mistakes. I hurt people in trying to make them happy and like me. So i crawl back into my hole to wallow in my own mind.

But now, I'm in college and working full time. My freinds all left me and I'm forced to be alone. And the people I do interact with, I try so hard to just be myself, but I put people off. At the begining of this semester, I think I scared a kid into dropping the class. He told me his grandfather's suicide was why he dropped the class last semester. And all I could think in response was how I failed the class last semester trying to juggle my 56+hour job and my mom being diagnosed with cancer. I said it like I was wearing it like a badge of honor even though this guy would get me. He never showed up the following classes. I put on the mask and random strangers and coworkers love me, but it's not me. My dreams were shattered by reality.

My family tolerates me for free money, my freinds all left without a goodbye, I've fallen in love 7 times and had my heart broken all 7. I dont think it can be put back togethor again. I was the king of highschool, and 2 of my classmates died this week in separate suicides.

There are 2 things that keep me going. 1 all the people I dont want to hurt if I leave. My grandma, my sister, my best freind, my dogs, the people in my life that cared for me even when I didnt see it. They will all ask themselves if they tried their hardest and feel so sad for not helping me. I dont want my final acts to hurt them. 

2 I want to see where this story takes me. It's all meaningless but I wont know where I go until I get there, and I'll never get there if I end it soon. Maybe something good will happen. Maybe I become famous and die old in my sleep. Maybe I get hit by a car at age 34 and die penniless. I wont know unless I keep going.

I dont want pitty, I'm not gonna do it, but maybe I'll feel better for telling my situation or make someone else feel better













 be alone again