I don’t have the will to get better anymore.I’ve been dealing with trauma my entire life. I was raised by an abusive father and a mother who couldn’t stand up for herself. When I was in middle school I begged my mom to take me to a doctor because I was so desperate to escape the feelings of depression and anxiety that had developed. This is also when I met my older, incredibly abusive boyfriend I stayed with for 5 years. But I turned out okay. I’ve been in therapy for 8 years now and was on meds. I quit them after 7 years on the max dose and everything was going great. I finally felt like a human again. And on the surface life is great now. Everything I could have ever dreamed of when I was stuck in some of my lowest points I have now. I live with a very supportive and loving boyfriend. I was going to school for nursing and had a steady job and a dog. But the darkness has been seeping into my mind again and it’s more intense than ever. I know I need to get help and I have been trying to reach out but none of that works if I don’t actually want to get better anymore. I dropped out of school last week because I don’t care about it anymore. I’ve been neglecting my relationship because I can’t pull myself out of my head for more than a few minutes. As much guilt as I feel about this I secretly hope he begins to resent me and eventually breaks up with me so I have less ties to keep me on this earth. I feel him pulling away and it breaks my heart but nothing brings me happiness besides the thought of my own death. He told me he wants to marry me one day and I told him I don’t see him ending up with me and marrying me because there’s too many differences between us and I honestly think he deserves better than me. He tells me I need to get help and I tell him I give up. I’m too tired of running from my own mind and even if everything I’ve ever wanted in life manifests it’s all in vein because it’s so fucking bleak to me. None of it means anything when I can’t be happy in my own fucking head and it’s always a struggle to even pretend to feel that way. Since I was a child I always saw myself killing myself one day. I think it’s just in the cards for me.