Logical thoughts about the illogicalMods please let me know if this is not allowed.

So hi.

I, like many of you, have thought about... Well... It.

How to do it. How to make it quick. Painless. Easy.

I've tried. Twice. Obviously failed.

After the last attempt, I was encouraged (mandated) to go see someone.

Now, I won't get into the meat of my personal demons in this post, but suffice to say, there were many.

But the therapist I was assigned at the time had some words of wisdom that helped, and I'd like to pass them on. They helped me. Maybe they can help you.

Her words. Paraphrased

Taking ones life is, in of itself, illogical.

Like, once you do it, you're dead. Kaput. Done.

Say you're in pain. Physical. Emotional. Mental. Whichever. And you decide to end it so you are no longer in pain. Well....

It doesn't work like that.

Once you do the thing you do, that's it. There is no magical interim period of blissful relief. No soft fluffy clouds and rainbows of release from your ills. One second you're suffering, then... Nothing. You don't get to enjoy no longer feeling the pain, cause you're dead.

Choosing to end your life to end the pain accomplishes nothing. It does not end the pain. It does not end the suffering. You will find no relief choosing that way out. You will have no satisfaction from what you have done because you are no longer.

But I'm in pain and it's because of ( boyfriend girlfriend bully husband wife parents siblings job life) and I'll show them. I'll do this and they'll be ( sorry sad mad disappointed crushed hurt)

OK. Well... So you do it. Then you're dead. And maybe the person who hurt you does feel something because of it. But again.. YOU'RE DEAD. You will never know what they will feel cause again, you're dead. And so what if your actions caused them to feel? You gonna walk around the afterlife being a smug ghost?



I still to this day battle with my own demons and depression. Everyday I fight to do even little things. But I know I'm winning. Cuz I'm fighting. Somedays its harder than others. But I know, that someday, eventually, it won't be as hard. Someday, eventually, I won't just be trying to keep my head above water.

Someday... I'll swim. 