A mental health professional who cannot benefit from mental health professional helpDebate
I like debating.  There’s a rush, a thrill to using logic and reason to being able to have your point upheld without question of its validity by yourself and your peers.  I stand to reason that, through logic and reason, I could be wrong in my assessment of my situation.

I’ve been working in the mental health profession for almost 15 years.  I have talked more people out of suicide and going down the dark alleys of regret and heartache than I can count.  Besides a small handful of cases, I’ve succeeded on these counts and I take my duty to this world, and for me, my God, seriously. I was meant to do this job.

I have had my bouts of suicide in the past long ago.  I’ve been hospitalized for it as well.  I have had a previous diagnosis of bipolar disorder. It was treated for many years however, with the help of psychiatrist, therapy, and prayed, I was able to be taken off my medication - utilizing coping skills, understanding of my triggers (in particular my mania triggers), and a strong support system of family (my parents and siblings) and church.

I’ve been married for nearly a decade now. I have three children with fairly big age ranges.  I can’t get into too much detail because this is a throwaway account for obvious reasons. I’m also looked at a leader in my field: I’m a director of a psychiatric facility.  I have a post graduate degree and am currently working towards my doctorates; however, that is on pause at the moment due to my commitment to my facility during this pandemic.

Despite the degree of respect and hospitality I receive in my field; my home life is another story.  I am the sole provider yet expected to still ensure food is cooked (I either cook or I waste money on fast food), the kids are being taken cared of, house is maintained to a certain degree, bills are paid, etc etc etc.  I have little to no respect from my wife, and to agree my own children.  I am not allowed to listen to certain music or watch certain shows or movies without a degree of criticism from my wife who assumes if I have time for those things I should either do something around the house, spend time with her, or spend time with the children so that she can play video games or watches whatever she wants to.  She watches whatever she wants to be my selection of music and movies are questioned. If I’m in a seclusive mood, my entrainment selections are to be blamed for bringing in “bad spirits”.  Or I’m bringing in “bad spirits” from work and not praying or reading the Bible enough.

I’ve tried to leave my wife recently.  I had a glimpse of a life I could have had: I had a nice apartment ready for me, friend and family who have essentially kept at a long distance embraced me and told me that they would be there for me, I pictured being able to care of my children without arguments in the house, with structure, with the upbringing of family meals, chores and a clean home, and activities together that I know they will enjoy in an environment where the mood of the house is not fixed upon the mood of a single person.  This was only a glimpse and this world came crashing down.

Without her working, it would appear that almost 60-70% of my income would go to her - even with the children custody being 50/50.  This according to her lawyer (my lawyer I had vetted appeared to just tell me whatever it took for me to drop the money for the huge retainer).  I would essentially be working for her and barely be able to live in my apartment, which I didn’t mind at first but the cost kept increasing and my available funds kept decreasing.  Then the schools closed for fall making the lives of my children more strained and uncertain.  Both her and myself would need to move into small apartments and it would be hard on my children taking on so many changes in such a short time.  

So we decided to have me move back in (I was staying with a friend) and we would work it out.  I was seeing a pastor about the issue who advised me to fight for my marriage.  I set terms of what I felt would be fair for this marriage and our roles in the household.  I said I think we should sleep in the same room (I’ve been on the couch since January), she should help pay the bills, help with groceries, and help put dinner on the table.  Chores should be divided in the household to everyone to help relieve the burden.  We should communicate and talk more. I wanted a marriage therapist (as I’ve always wanted one) but it didn’t seem like that demand would be acquiesced.

Any slight I make, any time I disagree with her decision or her views (her views are 5G towers are evil, vaccines are bad, Trump is good, coronavirus is blown out of proportion for the new world order, money-less society is for the new world order, etc.) then I’m not praying enough and am being too worldly.  (All her views, by the way, are the opposite of mine).

Last week her nephew had a birthday party (they live in my house so this was okay with the pandemic).  She screamed at me for forgetting the rice and beans from the store. She didn’t like how I looked when she screamed at me about it. Throughout the day, she was mad, apologized, mad again, apologized, etc. etc. etc.  There’s no point in analyzing her behaviors because she will refuse to get any treatment anyways, even if she agrees with certain things (like having PMDD, she only wants natural remedies which she doesn’t stick with).

Something occurred to me that day, I made up my mind to commit suicide.  I’ve thought about all the ways I could reason myself out of it but no argument held up:

1. It’s selfish - so is being forced to live ONLY in the service of others.
2. My children - this is a good reason NOT to commit suicide but the fights they see, the look of defeat on my face has got to be damaging as well. I lost my father at an early age and it hurt during that period but was able to still achieve what I’ve been able to.
3. My family - my mother will be devastated, yes, as will my brothers who have their own mental health issues themselves (but are doing very well in their own fields).  I hope that knowing I’m not suffering anymore of feeling inadequate, lost, pitiful, and depressed can be a consolation of sorts.
4. My salvation - I’ve already begun praying everyday for God to forgive me for these thoughts and what I’m planning on doing.

Now; the number one reason I haven’t killed myself yet is a big one: pain.  I don’t want to feel pain.  The reason I don’t want to feel pain is because I don’t want to change my mind at the last minute and then suffer from disfigurement or brain damage. I want to start it and finish it.  I’ve had one, what I would consider, real suicide attempt already in my life. I know, statistically speaking, the next one has a greater chance of success and the subsequent one does not.  So I need to make sure the method I do is going to fulfill my desires in this endeavor: painless, somewhat quick without the chance of having my mind changed, and a high degree of lethality.

I know the science behind the methods. I know that my body can even unconsciously fight off any attempts at ending my life.  I don’t own a gun yet so I cannot use that method. Hanging is my preferred method and I’m still doing research on the TOR network of ways to make it painless with different drug cocktails, etc.

Before I die I also want to make a journal writing the way I wish my life was: a sort of way to life my life without having to wait and live it or the obstacles I’m currently experiencing.  I love to write.  Before I got into the medical field, it was what I wanted to do the most.  I figure I can write about life that I wanted to suffice my cravings for what could have been.

In the end, I don’t know what to do with how I’m feeling.  I’m positive for Covid-19 and have been suffering from chest pains.  I was positive after I made the final decision to see to it that I end my life. I was hoping this would lead to my death instead.  I have been downplaying the effects of the virus in hopes that without medical attention I can die in my sleep. I’m already taking the proper precautions at home to protect my family.  I’m also passed the suicide clause of my life insurance so my children should qualify for a handsome payout.  Also the SSI checks they should receive on top of that should help as well along with anything else my wife will qualify for, she can sustain this lifestyle they have for at least 2-3 years which is plenty of time before she finishes nursing school and gets a job.

I tried to see a therapist but couldn’t find any in this pandemic climate that takes my insurance, and, quite frankly, it’ll be a waste. I know what they will say. I know the tricks of the trade and how to navigate the misguided  “rationalizations” of suicide.  I know that theirs light at the end of the tunnel.  I know that leaving my wife would make all of this better.  But it comes at too great of a cost; not to mention the times she said she would call my work, embarrass me, and try to get my license taken away at all costs.  So what life is there for me? I’ve alienated my friends and family by going back to her - whom she wants me to have as little contact with as possible due to their support of our divorce earlier.  I would lose my job, my career, my calling.  I would essentially be working for her and if I lost my job I wouldn’t be making enough.  My kids already think very little of me for not sticking up for myself in my house but it’s hard when you’re up against someone who is willing to play chicken with a tank; who’s willing to see everything burn and not flinch.  How do you compete against that?

If this virus doesn’t kill me, I’m going to have difficult time finishing the job but I won’t give up.  She’s always saying I always leave things unfinished.  This is one job I want to complete.

Sorry for the long read... I said I liked to write.