I wanna kill myselfI have no friends, no family to talk to, mediocre grades in university and just today, I found out I got denied from a prestigious job that I thought I got accepted to. Basically, my interviewers approved me but the upper management and HR did not so they ended up sending an email saying I can start on xyz date only to push the date back then send me a final email saying the upper management did not approve of adding more interns to the company. I truthfully don't believe in the career path I'm taking anymore, but I don't know if thats because every career path leads to a sad boring job where you don't end up doing what you truly enjoy about the potential of the career. I'm sick of living each day alone and stuck in my thoughts about my own existence, the horrible state of the world, constantly asking questions that have no answers that only serve to bog me down and confuse me further. I know everyone I know will be saddened by my death, but I don't care because I'm tired of trying to assimilate into a society I know I cannot accept being a part of. I can't understand or converse with kids my age because they talk about the most ratchet things, I can't converse with adults because I only see them as a means to an end (the end being a connection which would allow me to climb the corporate ladder), and I can't find anyone who truly understands me. These things have all been weighing down on my since my most recent semester of university ended and I thought that if I were to get accepted to this job, I would have a new perspective on the workforce and feel motivated to ignore my thoughts and push through to maybe see a better future down the road. I wish I didn't mess up in school as much because I've always had potential for super high marks, I wish I was able to make meaningful connections with people instead of just judging them based on the way they talk and their actions. I feel so disconnected and all I want to do is give up because I know I wasn't meant to live in the first place. In fact, my house life sucks too because my parents despise each  other and conflict exists almost everyday (I hate conflict because I'm a sensitive person and just want people to get along so we can help each other instead of tear each other down). Basically, I feel like suicide is the only option because the cycle of messing up in school, not having any meaningful relationships, and coming home to conflict/high tension will just continue. I'll graduate university with mediocre marks, no job prospects because I'll be unable to secure a co-op position and even if I do get a job in my field it'll be a mediocre one and I'll be left unsatisfied with my work and my impact on the world (my goal is to help improve life for at least one demographic of people in some way because I can't get joy from people, videogames, anime, watching shows or anything else. Solving world issues is the only thing that drives me because those issues have concrete solutions that aren't acted upon solely due to how selfish corporate big shots and politicians are). Sorry if this post is incoherent I can't be bothered to formulate my thoughts in a cohesive manner because I just got denied from the internship I was talking about previously. I don't want "help" I want a surefire way to kill myself, ideally painlessly but I dont think I deserve even that for being such a waste of resources.