I'm literally the worst person alive.Nothing in my life ever improves. In fact, my whole life has just been one continual shitstorm after the next. Super abusive father, so I always hated coming home. But school was never better. Everyone ostracized me, since grade school. No friends, no family, no one liked me. I thought that might improve when I went to college, but no. It just keeps getting worse. See in high school, you get to go home and that's it. You don't interact with anyone else and they're lives are separate from yours, beyond what you see on their facebook page. College is the fucking opposite. You live with everyone. Their lives are shared with yours too. So what does that mean? That means I get the joy of seeing everyone around me have fun and make friends and fuck and have relationships and do all the amazing things I never got to experience. Everyone else is having the time of their lives and yet nothing changes. It's just amplified that I'm fat and ugly and a loser. Moreover, I don't even escape my abusive father for many reasons. I hate everything about my existence. I loathe waking up. I loathe being disliked all the time. I loathe never having a girlfriend or seeing the only girl that even deigned to fuck someone as hideous as me happy and with a new guy. 

Oh that's the other thing. It's not even like I can just exist in my miserableness. The universe has to make sure that I loathe every second of my existence. First it was this girl named A, who was beautiful and smart and everything I wanted. We had only been hanging out for 2 weeks but she was so amazing, and she actually seemed interested in me. Then we started hooking up and I thought to myself "finally, someone who actually sees some worth in me. Maybe I'm not as shitty as I think." Lol nope. She left over break and found herself someone else. A year later I tried talking to her and she wanted nothing to do with me, stating she was never attracted to me in the first place. So literally the only person who ever seemed to want to fuck me would never have done it anyway. I found out from someone else that she said she wasn't physically attracted to me and that I was cute for someone not her type, but it's all just shit. Clearly she wasn't attracted to me. 

And then there's J. Met her during freshman year and she seemed cool. but we got into a big argument and I said some hurtful stuff. But we apologized to each other and we kept hanging out on and off. Randomly a year later she decides that she hates me and tells the uni office of residential life about our argument a year ago, and they kick me out of my dorm. So now I'm living in some shitty apartment because some random bitch says that she felt unsafe around me even though I had told her that I was moving in close to where she was and she was ecstatic (hung out with me around that time, helped me arrange stuff in my room, etc). 

And then there's school, which I just suck ass. At least when I was a lonely ugly loser in high school, I was still smart relative to the other kids. Now that I'm at this university, everyone here is real smart, so I'm just an idiot compared to them. I can't concentrate because of how miserable I am and how happy everyone else is, and it's compounded cause then I can't study, which means I do poorly, which makes my dad say and do horrible shit to me, which makes me feel worse, which makes stay in the same cycle I'm in. 

So there it is. I'm a short fat ugly stupid lonely loser. Writing this out, I actually laughed for the first time in a while, because I realized that I'm the biggest piece of shit in existence. If I were anybody else in the world, I couldn't even tell who I am now "you have a reason to live". Admit it, even sad people on this thread are probably reading this and thinking "Christ I'm saved! At least I'm not as pathetic as him!" I'm so fucking pathetic. I just wish the universe would make it easy for me to die. It clearly wants me removed from the gene pool, otherwise I wouldn't be so hideously unloveable. Then why can't the universe just let me give it what it wants and just let me get hit by a car, or find a gun on the street or some shit? You here about all these needs for gun laws and yet it's nearly impossible for me to just procure a small pistol with a single bullet so I can shoot myself. 

Gun laws in my state mandate that I be 21 before purchasing a gun, so anyone have any advice of how I can possibly survive the next 2 years without at least failing out of college? I just want to do okay in classes so my dad will be off my ass until I can purchase a gun in my final semester and kill myself. 

With all due respect, please don't tell me to seek therapy. 