Just a rant and how i may proceed with my own death after the holidaysDISCLAIMER !!!!! - THIS IS A VERY VERY LONG RANT IVE WRITTEN IN THE COURSE OF TWO HOURS JUST TO GET EVERYTHING OFF MY CHEST I DONT WANT ANYONE TO FEEL SORRY FOR ME
IM NOT LOOKING FOR ATTENTION AND IM STILL NOT 100% SURE OF MY DECISON TO KILL MYSELF YET. THIS IS JUST MY STORY SO FAR AND IM HOPING TO RELATE TO OTHERS AND MAYBE
GET SOME ADVICE 

ALSO THIS WHOLE THING WAS WRITTEN IN MICROSOFT NOTEPAD SO THAT I CAN IGNORE ALL THE GRAMMER AND SPELLING AND JUST SPILL MY GUTS WITHOUT ANY DISTRACTIONS SO PLEASE
EXCUSE THE BAD GRAMMER, PUNCTUATION, SPELLING EX.
THANK YOU...


 Hello Reddit, i am a 19 year old freshmen in college and i have posted about possible suicide before but i have never posted at r/suicidewatch.  
i am going to attempt to tell you how i plan to end
my life in the fallowing months. because i have posted about this issue several times i will try and just fire off a list of 
some of the problems i have been expirenceing latley maybe this will help me put things into prespective a bit more for myself.

1. for the past couple of months i have been thinking about killing myself in various ways, hanging myself comes to mind a lot as well as overdosing on the 
medication i take for bipolar disorder and ulsrative colitis. i feel as if life can only get worse from here and the univeres/God (whoever) has proven this 
point by puting obsticles in my path relentlessly for the past eight or so years of my young life. the smallest things really get to me these days its crazy
nothing seems to go smoothly as it should and honestly im sick of it. I am a boarderline beilever in god in some way or another and for years i put a lot of
faith in the scriputre of :
 "For I know the plans I have for you," declares the LORD, "plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future."
but the longer i stick around the longer i begin to realize this may not be true as the last few years of life have been stressful as all hell and i am
left to wounder whether i have been abondon by god or just have a very unlucky hand given to me. (the debate of whether YOU belive in some exsternal entity is
up to you but this is MY ballpark and i am simply describing my journy so far) i seem to have very bad luck for some reason, things alomost NEVER work the way
i want them to. i want to better myself by getting a job? horrible manager. i want to lose weight? ta da you have a desiease that makes things twice as compicated
to lose weight. you want to get to school on time? boom!! roads are blocked. you want to write that paper thats due for class? boom!!! computer has suddenly
frozen and has to be sent back to manufacture. want to have a loving mother and father who love one another forever? boom!!! mom loses her marbles and does nothing
but sleep all day and cry and trys to get a job but ends up coming home quiting everything she tries and is emotially unstable and you have
to take care of her and youre little brother while she crys all day. oh you want to get out of bed today
and do something productive? boom!!! looks like youre bipolar disorder suddenly gets worse at the worst possible time when things should be happy and productive.
oh you want to better youre bipolar disorder with medication? oh well guess youll go through 3 diffrent kinds only to find that they wont work and you need to 
find yet another medication. want to do something as simple as just take a well deserved rest? welp i wont even grant you that. i feel very unlucky at the moment 
and these are just a few exsamples.

2. the reason for constantly daydreaming about killing myself could be due to my mental heath rapidly decaying right infront of my eyes (literally) for the past few
years there have been instantces where i hallucinate constantly, ill see people who arent there, ill hear my name being called, ill here echos of my parents
arguing that happend months or even years ago, ill hear screams, sometimes in unison from unknown people, voices will travel around my house from my ear and
end up right in my face getting louder and louder until they suddenly stop. sometimes i see shapes in the air or bugs/spiders on the wall that arent there i once
hallucinated so badly i thought a man in a black suit with a handgun kneelig down on one knee was going to kill me. these happen less often then they used too but
still they feel VERY REAL to me and i rarely ever have any sort of peace of mind. Some redditors have said that my house could be haunted but i doubt that. sometimes
i see glowing letters on my wall but this could also be glow in the dark paint from a previous owner of my bedroom. i have also had several mental breaks throughout
2015. in April just before i graduated highschool i had this weird feeling that sort of 'clicked' in my brain and i went to a park with a knife and held it tightly 
to my throat after writing a suicide letter that almost came out of the blue. i had another sudden 'click' and just stopped and went inside a starbucks
 dazed for a few hours parents not knowing where i was. I sometimes randomly start crying for no reason and pull out a switchblade and put it to my throat/shoulders
or genitals (thinking fuck...why would i need these if i never get laid right? might as well take away any hope of it while its still fresh in my mind) but never
follow through. im too much of a pussy.

3. Nothing makes me happy anymore this is another reason to kill myself, the older i get the more i realize that everything is vanity, i used to burrow
my sadness and hardships with material things but not even they keep my intrests. family is really all there is besides freinds and mine seems to have suddenly
evapurated right infront of me. therefore i might as well not have one at all. i am concidered "upper middle class". that lable comes with its stigmas
but the one thing ive learned is that nothing can make you happy if you dont have peace of mind. a nice house? a nice car? a pool? videogames? poof!!! vanity all
hallow, hallow things we use to destract ourselves. the biggest mistake ive ever made is counting on material things to make me happy and i took a lot
for granted until it was no longer there. for years i had that shitty teenage attitude of "oh im a nerd oh im a loser oh im not popular" and wasted my highschool
years sucked up in that and the pressure of graduation and wasted my time feeling sorry for myself when i could having been having fun. the same goes with
family i wasted my time infront of little screens and TV's taking my family for granted until one day poof!!! they're either dead and i never fully realized
how much they loved me or they end up loseing there minds and no longer function like they used too. they arent the same person. this so far, is one of my 
greatest regrets. im sure to have more to come if i continue on.

4. Hard work does NOT GARENTEE SUCCESS. i dont know how else to put this so ill use myself as an exsample. In the past i have worked hard towards my goals even with a learning disability in my way i was
able to plow through with good old fashioned work ethic (i have increadible work ethic...or HAD incredible work ethic i should say) and achived my goals. from
six years old and on i wanted to be a writer and so i worked at it and boom during my sophmore year of highschool i publish my first book and i get 5 Star reviews
 all across the board, i publish another at 17 and get 4.5 stars and then im concidered "gifted" at writing. All of these great things, publishing 3 websites, free games,
good reviews, ex. but you know what? with all that good there is bound to be opsticles, nobody gets a free ride in life. NOBODY. book sales are horrible, websites seem
to deminish, and money gets tight. sure .75c a month from book sales with good reviews might seem like success to some, i actually SOLD something right? WRONG.
im an entrepenure, a self made, self starting, hard working motherfucker who wants to SELL SELL SELL and collect on the back end as much as i can. im hungry,
i want to fucking eat, i want to eat doing something i love, but guess what? so does EVERYBODY ELSE. Ive learned that you can have all the talent in the world,
all the reach, all the right stuff and still be a failure. and god forbid we get prideful in our accomplishments. thats another thing i regret. for a while in 
highschool i thought i was the mother fucking rap god of poetry/journalism/writing, i thought i had titanium nuts, sure i seemed humble on the outside but i felt untouchable on the 
inside. i thought "uugh what she wrote was horrible i could write it better than that" flooded with possitive compliments frome every which way i was batheing in
pride but truth be told i probably have written some petty, horrible stuff. as
soon as i graduated highschool i got a nice kick in the face and the sunshine coming out of my asshole suddenly disapeared and i was left with a cold reality :

- Moms sick/ cheated on dad
- Dad's Sad/ stressed
- little brother is sad
- books wont sell
- youre going to lose youre shcolarship 
- you have a stomache desieas AND bipolar disorder with a little anxiety throw in
- money is tight
-youre jumping job to job because you suck at everything and keep getting threatened with the possiblity of termination even if you work hard
- youre aunt and uncle, the only people who came from a place you did when it came to education and mental hardship are DEAD and you didnt appricate them enough
- youre prideful asshole of the year and beyond
- you might have testicular cancer and will find out soon and the odds are stacked against you.
- you might be going insane like mom.

5. My will to keep going seems to deterierate every day that passes, sure i can look at the possitive, im thankfull that i get to learn these hard leassons
as a very young adult and not later on when its harder to grasp, im thankfull i have just enough gas to get me to work, im thankfull im not homeless and mom 
is at least TRYING to get better, im thankfull that i lived at 1 pound 14 ounces as a pre mature baby who was told he would die, im thankfull my throat
wasnt cut when i was put up agaist a wall from a stranger who shoved a knife into my neck, im thankfull i have a little brother i can love, im thankfull im 
living another day. but sometimes it just feels impossible to keep going when you just feel sad and want to give up. ive read self help books, tried working out,
saw a counciler and a psychologist, went on long walks, tried religon, none of which seem to cure me from bipolar disorder and how to manage it. the only person
in the entire fucking world i care about at the moment is my little brother, is he ok, did he get to eat today, is he getting a good education, is he emotinally stable,
does he have enough in HIM to keep going, is HE warm at night, is He safe, how can i help HIM. but even he seems better off without me, the two of us live in
two very diffrent worlds, he is very liked and has a lot of freinds, hes the life of the party and i am mostly alone during my days, quiet, and shy.
i imagine the both of us in 10 years. He would be a sucessful doctor (he wants to be a doctor) living in a nice mansion with his gorgeous wife
 and i would be the weirdo older brother who either asks to bum off him with the spare bedroom in his big fancy house or the brother who killed himself long ago.
 we are both gifted artistically and intelegence wise in diffrent ways. 
i just feel like i got the bad end of it, unlike me he has no known learning disability or mental problem, hes able to save money,
always gives ME good advise like the smart person he is, almost always has streight A's and has never had to deal with bullies or teachers telling him he was stupid.
He's also handsome and smooth as hell and is freinds with alsmost all girls. we are very oppostie. still i love him more than any other members of my family. And if i
end up a failure at least i get the chance to see him blossum into who he was meant to be.

6. Ive noticed i have problems taking care of myself more and more as time passes on, sometimes all i do is stay in a dark room all day and sleep, i wont take
showers for days at a time and shaving almost never happens, i go out for walks but only late at night, i gain more and more weight and over eat or starve myself for
days not realizeing i havent eaten.
and i purposely take up bad habits in hopes that i might die soon (like smoking cigars or purposely gaining weight so i can die of a heart attack at 40) changing clohts
is harder to do sometimes i stay in them for days and most of the time i just dont care if i smell bad or look horrible in pubic or how clean my cloths look because
ive just given up in general and dont care.


7. My Suicide Plan - so all of this dumping of everything i fear, feel, and am learning leads up to this simple question, "how do i decide to end it all"? 
i plan to have one last holiday with my family before i leave this world, im planning to be the most generous, happy, most loving motherfucker there is before
i hang myself from a bridge on a trail i walk when im stressed out, the drop from the bridge is high enough where my body will just dangle above the ground. i want
to get my little brother some good gifts i want to tell my mother i love her, i want to tell my dad thank you. i have already written my suicide letter and plan
on giving all the money from my insurance to my brother (its not much but should help in medical school) ive been giving out compliments to strangers
(i like youre hair, ex.) ive been giving money to the homless, and i even sighned up for the reddit gift thingy thats going on this year so i can give some stranger
i dont know a good christmas this year, ive also joined opperation christmas child and given a shoe box to someone in another country. all i want for christmas
is to see the new starwars movie before i go out with a bang (litirally...i might use a gun instead) because Starwars reminds me of a simpler time when
i was younger and happy and everything was ok and i didnt hallucinate and didnt have family troubles or stress. i really like starwars as a kid. im ending it all
in january of 2016. if the universe/god couldnt help me with all this horrible stuff as a teenager then imagine how horrible life will be when im REALLY out in the 
real world on my own. honestly i dont want to wait and find out.

contrary to stigma im not all sad all the time, im actually kind of releived that its all over soon, i actually laugh and smile now because i know im getting
off the roalercoaster pretty soon and wont have to deal with the pain any longer. im very possitive when i talk about my death these days its not something i
fear as much anymore. im still hesitant to kill myself a bit because i have a small hope that things will get a little better but that hope is so small it could
be blown out like a candle at any moment. let me repeat IM STILL NOT 100% SURE IM READY TO DIE.

IF THERE IS ANYONE OUT THERE WHO CAN GIVE ME SOME GENERALLY GOOD ADVICE (PREFERABLY SOMEBODY 30 OR OLDER WHO KNOWS A BIT ABOUT LIFE ALREADY) THAT WOULD BE GREAT
I STILL MIGHT WANT TO CHAGE MY MIND LAST SECOND. DONT TRY AND FIND ME. DONT FIND MY IP ADDRESS I WROTE THIS IN A PUBLIC PLACE. DONT SEND ANY UNECESSARY HELP TO MY DOOR. I JUST WANT ADVICE.
THANK YOU. AND HAVE A GREAT THANKSGIVING.
