I can'tI don't know where to begin. There's so much and it get's so complicated, I doubt anyone could understand...
I just got out of a 7 year relationship. I met him when I was 12, during a bad point in my life. I was naive, neglected at home, bullied at school. I didn't have many friends, and the one's I did have didn't really know me... Then I met HIM. We used to joke about being twins, about finishing each other's jokes, sentences, thoughts. We talked for hours and hours online. Liked everything the other did, would show each other new things and adore it, always. It was almost impossible for that to exist. But we both had our problems, family and school. For the most part we were happy together, but the depression was always there, hiding. He was 15 at the time (I had told him I was 14). So his depression had been with him longer than me.


At one point he basically dropped off the face of the Earth for a few months. I had no idea why. I emailed him every day. He was the most important thing in the world to me, he was like my other half. And, maybe it was just because I was so young, or because my life around me was so awful except for him, but I based my whole world on him. When I wanted to kill myself, I would think "But I would never get to see him". When I was afraid to go home to my abusive family I would thing "Do it for him, you need a place to sleep if you want to live long enough to see him". Even when he left, I waited for him, every single day, every ten minutes I would check my email. I would stay up all night, just refreshing the page, hoping, wishing. I'm in no way religious, but I used to cry and pray to God to just let him come back. I used to try to be as good of a person as I possibly could, hoping that if I was good enough, God would let him come back...


I was stupid, I was a kid, everything around me was so painful, my world revolved around him, the one person I thought truly understood me. Who I wasn't a burden to. He wanted to be near me because they genuinely loved me... 


Months passed, things got worse... People teased me constantly for talking about him, they said he was a 50 yr old pedophile, or that he was a girl catfishing me. It was so hard not having him around.. I told them all I didn't care what he was, what he looked like. I knew who he was, and he knew he I was and that was all that mattered...
He came back, he told me we couldn't go out anymore. He was too depressed. He wanted to kill himself. I begged him to talk to me, I tried to tell him how much he meant to me. He left again.
Months passed, praying, refreshing, hoping, waiting. He was all I thought about. Still the only thing I cared about. The only thing that 'kept me alive'.


I found out he had gotten a real girlfriend during the first month he was gone. A friend of his told me, not knowing he had been 'dating' me as well.. 


I hated myself. He told me that she had been there for him when he was depressed... I was there, every day I wrote him. I did everything in my power because he meant more than the world to me... But she was born in a city I wasn't, in the city he lived in. I never had a chance... I hated myself.


I jumped at the chance when someone showed interest in me. He was 30. I was four months shy of 13. He bought me things, took me to his house, had sex with me. I told him about the boy and my depression. He gave me razor blades and dropped me off at a park at 1 am.


Eventually, my school found out. The kids as well. They sent me to a mental hospital.. When I came back, everything was worse than before. Everyone hated me. I was scared, even more alone, disgusted with myself.. I should have never let it happen. They would come up to me and tell me I had AIDS as I cried at lunch....


He came back. The boy. He would write me now and then, sometimes twice a month, sometimes once every three months. I didn't know who I was without him.. I still don't... He would tell me about how much he loved me, how he couldn't believe he had a girl as 'perfect as me'. He still wanted to hear everything I had to say. He still cared as much as he always had...


When I told him what happened, he told me he would never be with me because of it.


My world ended. Things were bad before, but I always had HIM. He loved me, he was the only one who loved me, the only one who cared. And then he was disgusted by me, that I could do that...


I tried to kill myself again, got sent to the hospital, again, he left again. I wrote him every day for months. I begged him to come back, I told him he could never know how sorry I was...


Almost a year later, he came back. He forgave me. It was more than I deserved... but I couldn't handle it... He still had his girlfriend... I still cared about him, but it ate away at my insides.


I heard his voice for the first time three years ago. We talked on the phone for hours. Until my phone died. I had never felt happier in my life. I'd never met someone so utterly perfect for me...


He finally left his girlfriend... I was his girlfriend again, just like I'd always wanted to be. Just like I was in the beginning... It was perfect, everything was perfect... for a little less than a year..


He would get mad at me... He would yell, my opinions were always stupid, flawed, or just didn't matter. I was scared... I cried everyday.. He yelled everyday... He broke up with me every other day, and then would tell me he's sorry. That he's a jerk, that I don't deserve it... That I was perfect and he was so sorry, he didn't want to lose me...
I loved him so much... I always forgave him.


It went on and on, day after day, month after month. When we were happy, we were so incredibly happy... When we would fight, everything fell apart... But he always apologized. I apologized too, for anything, for everything. For just not understanding his feelings. We always promised to try harder...


The fights got worse, he stopped apologizing.. I still did, always. I cried and apologized but it wasn't good enough for him anymore. He would yell more, saying 'sorry' means nothing. And I cried and begged for him to stop being mad. He would just hang up on me, and I wouldn't hear from him for a day or two. Month like that, the darkest days of my life... Until I was done begging. Until I was done trying. I just gave up...


Still, we had our good days. I didn't know who I was without him. I didn't know any future for myself without him...


I took a plane to see him almost a year ago, now... It was amazing, he was amazing... I found a place I finally felt at peace. I would wake up early, sleep late, happy to be alive. I thought, maybe the distance is what's making us like this...


Another plane, months later. It was good at first... Then he would get mad... He would yell... Yell... more yelling... every day... Worse and worse. Over nothing... Over offering to pay at the market... I didn't understand him, he didn't understand me. He didn't. He started getting violent. Pushing, shoving, jabbing, yanking things from me... I wanted to die... I cried all night, he snored. He kicked me out of the room, I slept in the living room..in the dark, even though I was scared, because I 'don't pay the electricity bill'... Worse and worse, when I thought it couldn't get any worse...


And then, it was over. I haven't talked to him in three months.
Every day I feel like I fade more and more.


I feel crazy, for wanting something so blatantly horrible and toxic. Something I know I don't want. But I feel like I can't live without him. He was all I ever knew... Who am I? Was I ever really anyone..?


I feel physically sick... I'm tired of crying.


I want to feel awful, it's all I know. It feels safe. It feels like I belong...


I want bruises and scabs and cuts.. I want to feel on the outside the way I feel on the inside. Why? It's sickening, it's not normal... I've reverted to something I don't even understand. I really feel like I'm going crazy... I'm definitely crazy... I don't know how much longer I can keep this up. 


I don't want him back. He's all I want. I'm afraid he will hurt me... that he will hit me... I want him to... I want to lay, dying, at the foot of his fucking bed for the rest of my life. I want to feel this miserable, awful, sorrow. I want to feel broken. I want to not be a person anymore. I want to feel sick. Trapped. Always. With him and everything he is. I can't stop thinking about him. He is that awful fucking feeling at the end of a miserable day. He's cold and rain and snow and clouds at night. He's that hopeless feeling I used to get when I ran away from home. That's all I want. I want all these awful, awful thoughts... I want him... I want to feel fucking sick... It's all I understand...


I'm sorry... I've fallen apart, I've gone crazy... 


I don't want help.