Is it a train, or just light..
I'm now 25 years but was never an easy kid. I lost my father when I was 6 and was raised by my loving mother,  who means everything to me and has supported me through the good,  and the absolute worst times,  I love her with whole my heart and I might not say that enough. Currently I have the feeling I'm at a ledge that, a ledge that for the first in all these years,  I feel I can't conquer. I can't pass it,  maybe I don't want to pass it because I feel "ok"  with how it is now.

It could be so much issues to name,  I could simply be a bit crazy and unable to cope with it as my whole environment doesn't think I'm "crazy" and doesn't notice my whole jaw issue...But it feels like I am. I have always been an introvert and been labeled with ADHD on a young age,  this doesn't mean I'm not social,  I just don't start the conversation and have the feeling I don't have anything important or interesting to say because well, I never really do anything in life, I sit on my room playing video games watching series, and sometimes hang out with my friends, but last 3 years that's been rare moments. I went to "special college"  with smaller classes and I've build "my way up"  from special educations in group 8 to level 4 Application Developer( Netherlands education system). To my feeling I have a diploma in something I feel I'm not even really capable of because I've not been invested in it too much since the start, it was just a study that felt good and I never felt good about anything really.

The day my jaw problem started is the day everything changed for me, the jaw problem became an excuse of how I've been feeling,  even before the jaw problem, in this time I'm still in college, year 3, so 1 more year to finish I get my college diploma and I can go to HBO ( Kind of university but lower ), I've tried that and failed after half a year because I couldn't focus because of my jaw problem and I dropped out thinking I had my level 4 Application Developer diploma, I'd be fine, someone would give me a chance and hire me even though I'm this messed up, going to have a operation some day..I don't know what day, what month, nothing, because everything relies on well..I'll explain first.

Imagine waking up one day and have this weird "feeling" at/near your right jaw,  I can't really say it's a feeling but, more an annoyance in that area,  you try to ignore it but you can't and your body decides ( as some people push their teeth together when in pain etc. ) to twitching/moving. The tique sensitive person that I am and by putting tension on the jaw by making a movement someone on xtc would usually make,  that this makes the feeling go away for a little,  or better worded,  I think it's replaced by pain ( Compared to the actual issue,  I can understand to why I have that pain,  it's because I twitch my jaw and that results in pain)  but why did I start twitching my jaw in the first place? Why have I now been walking with this for going into my third year and losing grip on myself more and more without being capable of ignoring the "feeling" or without twitching my jaw.

While I'm writing this I'm not thinking about grammar, punctuation or anything else, I need this out there, I used to write freestyle raps and I just want this out of me, on writing for me, maybe for you guys to support me, even though I don't think I need(want) support. This story probably doesn't even make sense because hell..Even I don't really know what's going on. The jaw surgeon said something is wrong with my jaw, and ofcourse that's possible as my teeth aren't straight thanks to sucking my thumb for a really really long time( Still, somtimes :( actually a lot..I keep lying to myself..) . But I need to be operated on..But without braces( I had a sped up procedure called the Wilckodontics treatment https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1QLfuvf4QU , but without my jaw bones, it was fake bone that's used, so braces would be needed for half a year, I'm already over that half year. ) I don't get the operation, I had a special operation which they call the Wilkinson right now I'm half year in, soon I will be undergoing that operation and I don't know if it's going to help me. I know it's going to force me to quit smoking cigarettes and weed, I know it's going to force me to eat fluid food and rebuild ( Because currently it's messed up ) my tasting of food and relearning to eat basically because right now I don't like to eat anything, It's not that I'm spoiled, I'm probably sick that way too. After the upcoming real jaw operation I'll be hospitalized for 3 days and recovering for about 3 weeks. About 3 weeks ago I finally had a job as I was looking as I mentioned earlier if you read it, so I had this, and I get money from the goverment because well, I still got stuff to pay and my mom wouldn't pay everything( I smoke weed, cigarettes ) and she mostly pays, well the actual needs and helps me with medical bills till I hopefully get on my feet.

I'm really sorry for this long wall of text, but if you're still here..

This operation can save my life. I'm really struggeling to move on, now that I have a job I need to wake up and do stuff, which felt good at first, but now I'm getting even more and more depressed, but I'm pretty sure that this operation won't save my life.. I'm pretty sure the problem could be solved, but I'm 100% sure I'm going to continue having the tique, I'm not going to get rid of it. And if 1 of those are true, I'm going to end myself by doing an overdose, I'm sure of that. I've already said to my sister I can't life like this, with this..sudden, crazy fucked up problem, and she told me are you going to leave your niece and nephew behind, are you going to die before your mother does? Because she knows they mean everything, and the last 6 years with them has kept me going, but I'm at a ledge, and I just really wanted to share this..get it out..this fucking story sucks but I think this is best.

The jaw surgeon and orthodontics man with their proposal for this operation, and getting it agreed by the medical insurance for 80% really helped with going forth with this operation but if it does not help, I can't live any longer, I just can't.

**tl;dr Sudden annoying feeling in jaw, start twitching, becomes really big problem, jaw surgeon doesn't do anything at first, problem takes over my life (I only sleep, and thumb, because that makes me feel OK, and save. ) become depressed, jaw surgeon does better photo's and conclusion is jaw problems, no jaw operation without braces ( Wilckodontics treatment ). In that whole period of braces ( right now it's been half a year since braces and wilcko treatment ) After half year on  (dumber)university I quit because I can't handle it, want to suicide already, keep pulling true for my niece, nephew, mom..Jobless for half year, have diploma in Application Developer lvl 4 ( Netherlands Education ), got job as support somewhere, job is fine but getting more depressed ( jaw operation getting closer), soon operation and if that doesn't help me..well..I guess i'm here for a reason?**

This operation is my light at the end of the tunnel, but it could also just be a train..

If anyone recognised me..Because that might happen, do with this as you wish.

I think that's it.