This world is not for meNo one cares the only time anyone talks to me is if they need somthing or want somthing. My whole life has been like this and I realized it when I was 12 years old and it's just been a downward spiral ever since I've wanted to kill myself for over half my life but I still have too much to get in order before the big day. My life insurance pays out for suicide after so many years so I got that covered. I'm about to become half owner of a successful buisness and that will cover everything else I have to settle up before I can move on to the beyond. I hate this world I hate my life I hate everything nothing is enjoyable no matter how hard I try how successful I am my entire life I just cant shake this feeling that I'm not good enough and people actions just prove that over and over. The longest relationship I've ever had has been over these last 6 months and at first I felt somthing I hadent felt from childhood I felt kinda happy and hopeful for the future... that lasted a whole 2 months I fell way to hard for this girl we where texting from the time we woke up till we went to sleep dosent help she lives 6 hours away and I only get to see her every few months for a week or so... get this I went all out for her birthday stressed myself out and spent way more then I should have because she dosent like birthdays and I wanted to make it special for her well she says she had a good time but the entire time she was just texting other people and on twitter non stop and barely paid me any attention and kept getting mad at me and getting snappy for the littlest things when I went all out for her just reaffirming my theory that no one is capable of truly caring about me. I got mad at her at one point and asked why she kept ignoring me and told her how I feel and she basically said too bad I dont care about you like that and is back to acting like nothing ever happened and ignoring me. Sorry for the wall of text I literally have no friends to talk to and my family has had enough of my negativity they ignore me and just act like im invisible all I had was that girl and she dosent care and soon it wont matter her and my family will have everything they need to live a higher quality of life with my preparations and all it will take is me removing myself from the wretched exsistence I know I dont have it that bad but that dosent change a thing all I want is those I care about taken care and a way outa this world...