I'm ending my life tomorrow.Hi. I never thought I'd post on here. I don't even know where to begin. 

I'm 22. I've suffered from depression for as long as I can remember, and have had suicidal thoughts since I was 10. I Believe I have BPD, but it hasn't been diagnosed. I've attempted suicide a handful of times but never succeeded, mostly because I wasn't 100% committed to the idea. 

I don't have a bad life. I'm not close to my family, but we're not estranged either. My parents love me, but didn't really know how to handle my emotional issues and I never got the help I needed when I was a child, so I've been trying to play catch up on my own since I've had access to resources. Medications don't work. Therapy doesn't work. Meditation doesn't work. Healthy diet and exercise doesn't work. I'm at a loss for what to do. 

I was bullied severely as a child and I thought, once that stopped, I'd be happy. But I wasn't. Then I was fighting with my parents all the time, and I thought once I moved out and went to college, I'd be happy. I wasn't. I went to school for 3 years but then dropped out because my depression got In the way. I lost all my friends and my apartment and I recently had to move back home.

Since the beginning of this year, I've moved back in with my parents, my car has broke down for the third time, I've started a miserable job I'll probably be stuck in the rest of my life, and worst of all, this week I lost my best friend of 7 years. She was the most important person in my life. My soulmate. She's cut off all contact with me and I don't blame her. I was so motivated at the start of this year to be a better person but without her by my side, I don't want to be anything. All the color has drained from the world. I can't eat. I can't sleep. And it's not her fault I feel this way. It's the realization that I'm such a terrible person that the best friend I've ever known, who's been there through thick and thin, who just the night before she stopped talking to me was telling me how everything was going to be okay, could completely cut me off. I hurt her so bad that all the promises of our future together are no more. And I cannot forgive myself for that. 

I'm going to make an exit bag, but a real shitty one since I have no car to go get supplies. I only have stores I can walk to available to me. I just so happened to find out I have the day off work tomorrow, so my parents will leave me at home alone before they go off to work. I'll then go pick up my supplies and come home and hopefully within the hour I'll be gone. 

I don't know why I'm writing this out. I guess I want to tell someone. It seems weird to die and just not say goodbye. So. Goodbye. If it doesn't work or I change my mind, I'll update by Saturday night and let everyone know. If I don't update, you'll know it worked. 

I just want to urge anyone out there who's thinking of suicide... please, don't do it. I know I sound like a hypocrite but one day everything's going to work out for you, no matter what you're dealing with. The world wouldn't be the same without you in it. I'm sure after I'm gone, there will be people who will wish I hadn't done it. But I'm being selfish. I don't want to suffer anymore. Don't make my same mistake. 

Thank you for taking the time to read my post. It's good to know my final thoughts will be read by someone. 

🖤