Not sure if this is the right place. My Alzheimer's suffering Grandfather tried to kill himself, unsuccessfully. My father (his son) is having trouble. Advice? As the title, I'm not sure if this is the right place, if not, I'm sorry. My grandfather tried to kill himself. He has Alzheimer's, although not super severe (has significant trouble remembering things that happened yesterday, still remembers the distant past well). He recently had a recurrence of bladder cancer (not super life threatening, this is his 3rd time in 30 years with it). He gets angry suddenly and my grandmother has trouble coping. He's also a really big guy, 6'3" 220 lbs., whereas my grandmother is something like 5'6" 150. I think in a moment of lucidity he realized how difficult this disease has been on my grandmother. He shot himself, but somehow survived. He even had the wherewithal to walk out of the garage after the failed attempt and seek medical attn. 

My father (his son) has a history of drinking problems. This past year it's been particularly bad. He's had two close family members die (naturally), my mother is not the warmest person to talk to, especially to my father. They've been in and out of the precipice of divorce for years. This year, my mother's father was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer, so for christmas she's leaving to go visit her father out of state. My dad could NOT get out of work on Dec 27th, so he has to stay home. After the attempted suicide, my father will now be alone on christmas. To make matters worse (seriously, how could it get worse) my dad's birthday is Dec 26th. He turns 50 this year. At first I was angry for my mom's decision to leave for christmas and my dad's 50th. But I kind of understand after talking to her. Her father's cancer is back strong, so this might be the last holiday she has with her own dad. 

I live out of state (Arizona compared to them in Georgia). I'm now flying back to be with my dad, because I couldn't justify otherwise (despite a heavy workload. I'm in grad school at the moment and am nearing the end of my thesis). 

I'm really concerned about my dad. I know it sounds horrible, but my grandfather was (honestly) a bad person. Like seriously, he did some fucked up stuff to lots of people. He's since turned his life around, but I'm really just concerned about my dad. My dad is angry at his father for "pulling this kind of a stunt." I think if it had been successful, my dad would have the same feeling and describe it the same. 

If you read all this, thanks. I really needed to get it off my chest. If you have any advice, esp. w.r.t. talking to my dad, please share. Thanks to whoever read, and please cherish your family this holiday season, regardless of religion. 