Out of Reasons.Today is my birthday, and I am out of reasons not to end everything. 

I've heard all the platitudes and reasons not to do it - I've even come up with a few of my own ("suicide is not a choice, it's just giving up", "it gets better"). I've been waiting and fighting for it to get better for maybe 10 years today and though I will concede there have been glimmers of happiness, my life has been in a tailspin. All of my friends disappeared when I needed them most, especially during high school - at the end of high school, I actually ran away from home and ended up at a friend's house, only to have her drop me home and subsequently stop talking to me altogether. 

My relationship with my mom is one of forced acceptance, she's financially reliant on me now because she can't work, but she criticizes everything I do. When I confront her about it, she tells me it's not true - but continues to criticize everything about me, even when I make it clear I can't handle it. My dad never took care of me, and made it clear over my lifetime that he never wanted me. 

There have been times where I have felt romantic attraction to people, only to have it blow up in my face because it was made clear to me it wasn't going to go anywhere. I have to wonder what is it about me that makes it so easy to be left behind. 

I haven't made it to college because of my mother's illnesses, and when she was more able-bodied, she complained about me working so much and she felt depressed being home alone. 

There's a lot more I could add to this, but I don't feel hopeful about the future. It's clear I'm going nowhere fast and that nobody actually cares. It's like I tell people I'm drowning and they say I should find a life vest or they just ignore the fact that I'm drowning altogether. 

I don't have any more reasons to be alive. There were things I wanted, and dreams I had - and to an extent, I still have them but I know now they're not coming true. I just don't see any point in being here anymore. And I don't think anyone can convince me to stick around anymore. The only reason I haven't done it yet is because I have an intense fear of death and the idea that nothing might come after and the surety that me and who I am will be gone. But I've been thinking that it might not be so bad to not exist anymore. 