At the bottom of the barrel emotionally and academically, have no where to turnI'm not sure if I'm earnestly suicidal, to be honest. But I don't see any future for myself but continued disappointment and failure. I've never made myself or anyone else proud. I've thought of the where, when, and how 2-3 times and even started writing a letter once, but I held out for the hope that I would do well on my tests.

Well, I didn't. This quarter in my college I tried much harder than last quarter, wherein I barely tried and mostly played games. I got lucky and still passed all my classes (passed math by 1.6% woohoo). Still had a gpa of 2.3 though.

So I set into this quarter deciding to try much harder. I still forgot a lot of the homeworks, and had a lot of problems with anxiety during and before tests, but I made sure to actually study for tests. I usually would do every practice midterm my professor published before a test, in order to practice. I still didn't as well as I would have liked. I just made constant small mistakes that added up.

Same thing happens in physics. Art History was cramming and memorization and I always managed to procrastinate that until the last second. Don't know how, it always just slipped my mind (despite todoist and whiteboard lists trying to help). Still I was doing much better. Made it to all my quiz sections. Didn't miss a single lecture unless my anxiety-gut crippled me. My quiz and laboratory grades were 30-50% higher in all my classes. I've joined an engineering club and made enough of a mark to be offered a leadership position and a private research class with a professor next quarter. They don't really care about that, though.

It doesn't matter now though. I got my grades back, and despite doing nearly 20+ pages of math (+6 practice finals) and 3 and change practice tests for physics, I didn't get above average. I got 18% below in both classes, and now have a 2.2 in math and as-of-yet unseen grade in physics.  My parents wanted improvement this quarter. 0.2 improvement won't be enough. I doubt art history will be pretty either.

My anxiety has gotten worse. I had a full blown anxiety attack and pretty much cried myself to sleep before my physics and art history tests. At 6am. 2hrs before I had to wake up. Basic math was a struggle and nothing in my head was clicking. Art History final was similar. 

Night after I got back I couldn't fall alseep until 5am as well. Cried myself to sleep then too. Just feel hopeless and worthless. I've felt tired and my leg twitches have been worse and my whole body feels all tight (like when you're cold).

I was worried I might have ADHD. I meet all the inattentiveness sypmtoms and all the emotional symptoms, and I have anxiety issues. I brought that up with my Mom and she thinks I'm just being lazy and looking for an easy way out. I haven't talked to my Father, but he's even more against it. They don't want me speaking to a shrink. I don't feel its the easy way out. The medication terrifies me, but I feel its my only hope. I want to be able to work hard all the time, not just in the hours before tests. I just can't get motivated, and since my whole family is driven, they don't understand how I'm not motivated. And my aunts mental breakdown on Vyvanse isn't helping my case either. 

My campus doesn't do ADHD stuff either and even regular psychs have a 4week wait time.

I have no options. No escape. No future. My parents and family are dissappointed in my and I am a tremendous failure. I'll have no money for college or medication, so even less of a future. I don't see the point anymore. I don't think I really want to end it, but what else am I going to do? No one is listening to me. Everyone thinks I'm lazy, but laziness suggests happiness being this way. I'm not happy like this. I don't want to be lazy. I don't want to end it all, but what else is there left for me but a sad future as a college dropout working horrid jobs? I have never felt this hopeless and this worthless. I have a few days until I have to tell them grades, but I don't want to lie or make them wait. At the very least, they deserve the truth of my failure. I just can't listen to my father call me a huge disappointment again :c

I'm not gonna take my life soon. But its an option that has appeared in my head and I'm starting to see why