Haven't really had any thoughts in months, but they're starting to come back.So really if you don't want to read all of this, it all boils down to high-school crap. Anyways,

I have a friend who moved to Missouri a few months ago. I haven't seen her in months, and she came up for Christmas this week to see her family and then our group of friends. We had made a plan to have some epic 4-day sleepover, hopping from house to house.

I'm never really invited to many sleepovers, so having 4 in a row was a dream. I immediately told my parents all excited and everything, and they were okay with it.

On Wednesday of Christmas week, we were supposed to start the whole ordeal. Today it's Friday, and nothing has happened. I look like a fool infront of my parents now, and I want to just fall to a heap and cry when they ask me why I haven't gone out yet like I said I would.

I text my friend asking what's going on, was I not invited? ( There are some people in our group of friends that really dislike me, so I've gotten used to not being invited to things because of this. ) and she replies back "Me and Natalia wanted to hang out with her alone". I just text back ... because nobody had seen her in months and I thought it was a bit selfish to keep her from all of us. She replies, "Bri says your not even her friend." to this I text back "oh, alright then. just tell her i said hi and bye i guess" and being the believable and compulsive liar i am, the girl believes me and the conversation ends.

I realize now that none of my friends are actually my friends. If I did not sit at the lunch table they all do, or talked to them daily, their lives would not be changed if I did not exist. 

I'm never first to be invited, I'm never texted, I'm never thought of during situations. I realize that my entire social life has been a lie. I got a new phone for christmas, but I never get any texts. I've been sobbing for the past few hours over this. I haven't harmed myself but I'm getting close again and I don't know what to do. I have nowhere else to go during lunch if I leave these people and I have nobody to talk to or nobody to trust and I just can't handle that. 

What do I do...