I hate my body I hate my body so much, 3 inch penis loser. It breaks me so much every time I get a smile from any girl or approached by the one. I don’t wanna disappoint anyone. I’m a disappointment. Born as a one. I hate myself I hate myself I hate myself. I cut my hand already before and almost died. I should probably finish the job. My head is so messed up. 

 All I can remember is the words people use to say to me, especially about my dick. I’m going to die alone, I’m going to be alone forever. I hate it when people call me their best friend, they always end up leaving. I hate being nice to people, they always take advantage. I hate myself for being who I am. 

 My relatives always asking when I’m gonna get a girlfriend. I hate myself I hate myself I hate myself. If I show one girl my penis all her friends will know and they’ll always laugh at me, I’ll never be able to open up to anyone. I’ll always be a laughing stock.

 I want to call the police, cause a scene and get them to shoot me. I know I can’t because every time I get a gun I’ll just put it away. I hate myself I hate myself I hate myself. Why was I born like this?

 Anytime a girl shows interest it just feels like in stuck in a curse. Maybe god wants me dead.  I want to pluck my eyes out, I want someone to chainsaw my leg off. Anything to get rid of my mind. I want someone to come kill me. 

 Im never going to get a family. I’m never going to be attractive to anyone when they see me naked. I’m be alone for the rest of my life and made fun of for the rest of my life. Not up to par,inadequate. 
 

 Girls really like me when they get to know, and stay for a while. But they always end up leaving. I know why. They usually try to keep it as silent as possible. They know I’ll hurt myself. I rather someone be straight up and just tell me I’ll never be enough for anyone. 




 I wish I didn’t know how to talk to people so well, make meaningful connections and it all just falls apart because I’m not what they wanted. I’m not what anyone wants. I even overheard a girl say no one wants a 3 inches. People can tell me otherwise, but this is the truth. Even if I do a girlfriend or wife, she’ll probably end up cheating on me. 

 So tired of people telling me their problems and telling me I’m their best friend and then ALWAYS end up leaving. I’m tired of people opening up and then leaving me behind. 

 Who can I open up to? Reddit? Help. Help. Help. No one can help you. Man up. 


 &lt;/3 I wish girls would stop looking at me. It just reminds that I’m a disappointment every single time. &lt;/3 &lt;/3 &lt;/3 &lt;/3 &lt;/3