planning for end of julyhaving an exceptionally hard time(lol as usual) lately and i feel like im going to end up drinking myself to death by the end of the month. it feels sort of like a long time coming and im not even really sad about it, just relieved. ive had self harming tendencies since 11 and was hospitalized for the first time at 13. ive been 7 times since i turned 18(currently 23). these experiences have left me extremely mistrustful of doctors + I have no insurance so my borderline personality disorder is currently completely untreated. I live alone and do not have contact with my family aside from my mother who is 17 hours away, who has very little interest in me and often finds me frustrating if i dont project a put together person for her. I have a handful of acquaintances and one or two close internet friends, but do not have any traditional IRL friends really. I work 40+ hours a week and am financially on my own; the type of job is unimportant but i find it physically and emotionally exhausting. i am prone to disordered eating and it causes me a great deal of anxiety, and i abused substances for years to help mask the pain. i decided in may to get sober and did for 50 days before a very bad relapse. i have not been able to stop it and the substance abuse + disordered eating are fueling eachother in a really nasty cycle. im trying to stop it but there's a great deal of shame and sadness and absolutely overwhelming depression thats come with them that is making things very difficult. i do not know if being sober made me feel better; i felt different, but the disassociation and depression were still very present to my disappointment. i feel very little desire to continue trying. so much of my energy goes to just going through the motions of work and the rest goes to trying to recover. i feel terrible. i am so alone and have no support. i try to meet people but it takes up so much energy i dont have and often ends up encouraging me to drink/partake in substance use. i dont feel like i have gotten anything out of my life in a long time and somehow it has hit a new low. i dont think it would take a lot to kill me. i am not religious, i am indifferent towards how my death would make others feel. people speak of improvement and things like that but they never seem to credit the amount of pain and isolation i work through everyday and how much it has taken from me and my ability to keep going. i dont know what to do, ill just post on this reddit i guess. w/e. have a nice day.