I'm leaving soon.I'm leaving. I'm in constant physical pain that makes it impossible for me not to be in mental pain, I'm severely depressed, I can't make myself do anything, not even the things that I enjoy, its too empty. I'm empty. I have no one to turn to, I called my childhood friend yesterday, I was trying to kill myself, I ran away somewhere, lied down beneath some tree, I was on ecstasy but I couldn't feel a thing except emptiness. She started yelling how dare I call her and tell her that, she will call the hospital right now, and I started yelling back, I just hang up and now I won't even think of calling anybody else. 

I've also told my mother I'm severely depressed due to this pain, we are not on good terms, she basically acts like she hates my guts, she never calls, never sends messages, she is a nurse and her boss is my doctor so she is my nurse. She knows the medication I should've gotten, I've been trying to tell her for more than a year I need this medication, she instead called me a junkie almost every single day, mocked me because I'm skinny, 

now I got some stupid medications that make me ill, I vomit throughout the night, the comments of the people I'm living with; the stepmother of my bf says I'm bulimic and should go to psychiatry. My bf never said anything about my fibromyalgia to his parents.

He never stood up for me except yesterday when she  started yelling at me for no reason and calling me stupid girl, sick girl, go somewhere you stupid girl, and then later his father called him down and told him that I'm sick and need to leave. He heard me talking to my mother, why don't I go back to her. My bf didn't even say anything. I came back yesterday because I realised I'm too sleep deprived and high to find a good place to hide while I'm dying, I saved all the pills I ever got and wanted to mix them all together, I even got Tramadol chlorid for the pain, but it was not helping me at all. It was just making me so high and unreactive that I couldn't complain about the pain. I told my doctor this and she gave me new ones that also made me sick, I asked her to put me on morphine because none of this pills are working and of  course, she didn't even want to hear it. 

I'm so tired of fighting with my mental and now physical illness, I didn't think it will progress to this because I was in some sort of denial, nobody even believed me anyway, but they were ready to say I was mentally ill. I can't fight anymore. I can't handle this anymore. My body is so tired, I'm so tired, I can't help myself, and nobody else can. People refuse. So there must be a reason for this? Its like, everything that is happening is pushing me to do this. I tried to reason with myself, but I can't find any type of reason to continue. I don't even have anywhere to sleep or any money at all. 

I'm already dead, I just need to follow in this dimension.