help.Hey everyone

I don't know where to start. I'm 17, having a good job, having great grades, I don't smoke and I'm not broke. Sounds great, doesn't it? No.

Well if you are actually reading this until now thanks for not thinking "oh wow another teenager is looking for attention here".

It seems like everyone has a great time doing things with their friends and having girlfriends and all. I can't because I'm fuckin shy and I don't talk very much. I just don't know what to say. I would have so much to tell, so many thoughts to share but I simply can't. I have many friends but none of them is really close to me, I'm the one who has to ask if I can do something with them. I'm the one who has to walk behind everyone when the sidewalk isn't enough wide. I know i should simply talk with them and don't take things too seriously but I can't. 

I can't even kill myself because I worry about all my "friends" and family too much. I know I should call a suicide hotline or "simply carry on, things will get better soon". I know that it doesn't work. It may sound weird but I prevented already 3 friends of mine from killing themselfes. I'm really happy that they trusted me to tell me their sucide thoughts because I know how they feel and feel happy for them that they have someone to tell. But at the same time I know that I can't tell my feelings to anyone because I they wouldn't even care. The only ones that would care are my parents but I don't want them to know how I am on my inside. I don't think that anyone even noticed how I am feeling on the inside because I am always "happy" on the outside. Well fuck it I'm even making suicide jokes and sending them suicide memes that they think the little comments I make from time to time are just jokes. 

I can't kill myself because I know the consequences for everyone else. But I'm so damn near it. Eventually I will do it. I don't know when but if the time has come, the police will read this note too, so I'm leaving this here. 

Thank you for reading my little story. Or not. It's okay if you didn't read all of it. I just wanted to share my story because I don't know who to tell it.

**I hope you are having a great day, a great week and a great life. **

~


