Self harm consiquences are making me want to die more and more everyday(on mobile, sorry for the formatting) 
It's almost 4am, and I can't sleep. It's not cold enough to die from hypothermia and I don't have anything leathal enough to kill me right now. 
Back in late October I punched myself repeatedly on the right side of my head because I didn't clean my boyfriend's coffee funnel properly. He said I didn't do it at all when I did and to him it's like I didn't do it at all. That's a huge trigger for me cause as a kid I was accused of doing/not doing something even tho I did or didn't do said thing which lead to me getting physically beaten most of the time. After a few initial hits my bf (I think now ex bf. We got into a fight over this and he's sleeping on the couch. Things were said)  actually encouraged me to keep going and to hit harder because he is no good at dealing with my breakdowns and nothing else he did worked (his other go to was to ignore me). This made me do it harder. I woke up the next day with a red dot on the side of my eye which over the next few days turned into a black eye over the top lid. After a few weeks the veins appeared and haven't gone away since. I've taken photos of it over the course of the months and it hasn't gotten any better. Last night I told this to my bf (like I do most nights cause I see this fkn thing every day and it makes me want to die) and he tells me it has gotten better. I ask him how and he says it's not worth saying how cause I don't believe him. He called me selfish for always thinking about me and vein for wanting to die BC of it. Well maybe I am! My whole life I've put others first and I still do. But I've wanted to die since I was like 11, way before the vein and self harm scars. He reminded me how he had a huge zit in the middle of his forehead that altered his face and how it was way more noticeable and worse. A zit is not the same as a vein, he was able to get a prescription cream to cure it. I'll need some kind of injection or laser therapy which will cost me hundreds of not thousands of dollars if it can even be reversed. I don't think I'm worth that kind of money so why bother if there is a chance it won't work. I'm just done, I was told it would take 6 weeks to heal or maybe a few months and it hasn't. Any joy or confidence I have is ruined everytime I see it. [Here is a picture of it](http://imgur.com/gallery/STW9nYS) the first and last pic were taken a day apart, the tip middle soon after I got it, and the bottom about a month or 2 later. I have many plans on how to end my life. Just not sure which will be most effective. Anyways, if you made it this far thanks for reading. I've posted here a few times so I doubt I'll get any comments or upvotes and I'm ok with that.