posted for anotherI don't even know what to say. I don't like my major in college, but I don't really like much of anything else. I feel like I'm getting dumber and dumber. "What's your interests?!" I hate that. I got video games, but I don't even care about those anymore. How do you express to generally normal people that you literally have nothing? I don't know.

I'm trying to build up a social life, but I guess I'm fucking it everyway I can without even noticing. I just don't get it, and I can't even convince myself that I will anymore. It's been a while, shouldn't anything clicked by now? Anything? Why hasn't it? WTF happened? Am I fucking brain damaged? I seizure'd up as a baby,genetic disorder, fucked me mentally wise as a kid. Am I gone for good?

I'm just so tired. I'm tired of trying to get myself hyped and sometimes being successful at actually getting hyped, and just getting shit on my face. I know that half the problem is me, that somehow I can't get out of the way from everything shitting on my face, but somebody telling me metaphorically to "just move away!" feels like telling somebody to just change ocean currents, go and make it snow right now. I've tried, and failed, repeatedly.

I probably fuck every social/growth opportunity that I get. I don't even notice it. I just try to be a nice dude who tries to get where people are coming from, and I don't mean to be that damned "I'm a nice guy!! why's my life shit!?" guy, I know I must be fucking up. It's just hard changing things that you haven't noticed at all, and it's hard accepting what people saying what's wrong when me myself haven't fucking notice what's wrong at all. It feels like telling a rat "well if you just followed this maze this way you'll get the cheese and not starve to death." I get what you're saying, but putting that into practice is completely different.

I'm drunk right now, and I feel angry. This is the first topic I've posted on reddit after lurking throughout like a year. I just just read what I typed and I feel like a whiney dumbass, but this is what's coming out. Most likely, your posts won't be able to help me, nothing has. Sorry for wasting your time.

TLDR Whatever just another guy out of 8 billion.