Had hope from talking with someone I admired on twitter but they blocked meI was into this series with a person that I was a fan of. Found them on twitter and talked with them and they replied and it really made me happy. 

Before, I was really sad and didn't really have anyone.

The person I talked with seemed to talked with many people and likes.

For me though, I really liked them and talked with them a lot more (like many tweets per day).

I asked them if I was tweeting too much but they said they didn't mind. That was one of the last comments.

After a few weeks though, I tweeted and they didn't reply or like any of my tweets anymore. I told them how I honestly felt.

The day that the blocked me, the last tweets I said I asked if they could reply or like any of my tweets, and it'd be everything to me.

Then they blocked me.

Now I am really sad. What I liked about twitter was being able to talk with someone you may be a fan of from like a series or anything. Some people respond and like replies and stuff. So it really meant a lot for me when I could do that.

I am really sad now because I didn't think they would block me.

As of right now though, I'm trying to talk with them again. I tried other accounts but they blocked them too. I'm trying 1 or 2 more times, and if they block those, then I'm not sure what to do anymore.

I thought it was a simple way of helping me get on but without that, now I'm really sad that they blocked me. To clarify, I was sad before until I manage to met this person. When I met this person, I had hope and wanted to keep going on with life. Now, that they blocked me, I've lost that hope.

It's more than just a random person blocked me but someone I really admired and someone that actually helped me keep going in life in the first place. That's the story, and right now I just hope maybe they'll unblock me or something. I've waited a day hoping they changed their mind, and maybe they will is the only hope I have left before thinking of just ending myself.

If I can't have a simple thing like that, what else do I have? 