Urges to isolate. Will likely be long. Triggers--will warn before mention.I can't be sure if this is the right place to post this.
I'm not suicidal?  I just don't think I want to live.  I'm overloaded with intrusive thoughts and they are incredibly disturbing.

I want to get away from everyone and everything.  In Feb, a previous roommate of mine committed suicide.  A few weeks later, a friend from my childhood died in a car crash.  My fiance's grandparents are aging and don't appear to have much longer for this world.

I am suffering from PTSD and DID as a response to years of ritual abuse as a child.  The recent losses have me grieving deaths even before they happen.  I am afraid to outlive my loved ones.  I recently got a service dog, a beautiful 2 year old pit bull but I am having trouble connecting with her because I am going to outlive her. I can't find comfort in lives I know are only fleeting.

This train of thought led me to my fiance and my daughter.  In age alone, my daughter will almost definitely outlive me.  But what if something happens?  What if either one of them gets sick or seriously hurt?  I wish I had never met him.  I wish I never had my baby.  I wish I never got my dog.  I could lose them at any moment and be alone.

I don't have family.  My grandmother (who raised me after my father did all of his fucked up shit and left) passed away, and my aunt and uncle kicked me out when I turned 18.  I left, skipped states.  They don't talk to me anymore.  I haven't made friends here, and it's been 3 years.  I have my fiance.  My daughter.  My dog.  Those are my three connections to the world.  The three living, breathing beings that mean everything to me.  I can't rebuild from here.

I can't rebuild anymore.

I can't talk to my therapist.  I'm panicking so badly thinking of her.  My last appointment (2 months ago) I accidentally let slip that the pastor of the "church" was my father, I accidentally gave the name of the church and my home state.  I said way too much and I'm scared she will find him and tell him and then he'll know where I am.   

He is no longer a danger.  He is powerless, penniless and possibly ill, but I am still broken inside at the thought that it may not be over for me.  There is nowhere safe.  I can't breathe or think at all.  I can't report him.  

I'm terrified.  I'm terrified that there is no way out.  I don't want to die.  I finally felt safe, for a short time.  I can't  let that go.  

I know I haven't made much sense.  My thoughts are fuzzy and I'm very distressed.  I'm sorry for taking up your time.  