I'm lazy, and I deserve to die. (Long and rambly, I'm sorry)I am genuinely lazy, I'm not busy, if I got my shit done I wouldn't be overwhelmed, I'm not stressed. I'm lazy. And I honestly don't know how to describe this experience, because the solution should be as simple as *if I know what I need to do* and *I have acknowledged that I am currently procrastinating* then *I should stop and go do that thing.* I almost want to say that I don't feel in control of my own actions, I want to say that I am depressed, and that I am only lazy because I'm depressed, but no I am knowingly and actively making that decision time and time again. I am choosing to not do what I am supposed to do. I have tried to change myself time and time again, I've made plans, I've tried to start good habits, I try to listen to music to motivate me to do my work, and they've all worked, but for no more than a week, then I drop the ball, and I say I'll pick it up "tonight" my codeword for, now but not really now. I know this, and I still say it. But then when I realize this I try to think of a specific time to do whatever thing, and I almost always miss that time even still. 


I am one late day away from being fired at work. Being late is a problem that I've always had, from middle school until now. And it's for the exact same reason. On the first few days, up to a week, I'll arrive early, *sometimes* (rare once or twice times) even an hour early, and just wander around the area until I need to arrive, and I'll be pumped and energized and be fully convinced that every day is going to be like this, but then it starts to become routine, and I'll be convinced that you know what, I've been arriving so early and start to fudge it a little. That I can still leave a little later and still make it on time, and this continues until it becomes a problem. Today I arrived late, and my manager told me point blank, that if I'm late one more time I'll be fired. [EDIT: because I'm writing this before I post it. Today is a different day, and I've been fired] She emphasized that she didn't want to do this, and that I was one of the better employees at the store. (Which is something that I've been told by multiple people at the store. It may be retail, and that may be super easy, but I'm still a little proud of it.) and this was reflected by the fact that I've been able to get away with more write ups than she's ever seen at any of the other locations of the store. That's why she explained my next one is my last one. Honestly, I am going to try like hell to break this habit, but I know myself. I am going to be late, it's going to happen. And, I think I've made a decision. I am going to kill myself. Not for this one petty little thing, this is just what's weighing on my mind today. But rather because I am like this in every aspect of my life. I have so much that I want to do, I have my life planned out. Not in a defining restrictive way, but rather as a bit of a road map, that can be changed along the way as I see fit. I want to get my associates in science at community college, after which I want to apply for the Disney College Program, spend a semester there, then I want to transfer to a university and get my bachelors in mechanical engineering, and I have a list of universities picked out, I even know who my local transfer advisors for each university are, but I haven't made any effort to contact them, because I know that I'm not ready (I'll get to that in a minute), and then I want to move to and live in LA (I know so many people hate it for pretty valid reasons, but I have my reasons too, and they're hard to explain) I want to own an a Giant Alaskan Malamute that I'll name Mako, and a Husky that I'll name Mischief (Mis for short) I know how I'll keep them cool, by giving them plenty of water, giving them a kiddie pool to play with and in, and I heard this tip about filling old milk cartons with ice and freezing it, maybe adding food coloring for effect, and then letting them play with the ice. I'll continue to look into things like that. I want to   exercise every day maybe by hiking or biking, and when I have dogs, I can use this take them on big long walks, and read every day, and I have a whole list of other daily habits that I want to start, that I think will lead me to this life. And it all goes more in depth than that, I know how I'm going to do it, and I've interconnected some things, and I have made a list of traits that I attribute to my ideal self. Being late for work is definitely *not* on that list. I hate how people can just say that I don't care, they don't know what I'm thinking they don't know that I care a lot, and that when I screw up I hate myself even more. The problem is me, I know what I need to do, I just need to reach out and do it. Deciding to kill myself now isn't exactly a new thing, back last summer I made my plan, I knew how I was going to do it, and I decided that when I become homeless I would kill myself. At the time it was because I had just graduated high school, and my aunt and uncle (who my mom and I are roommates with) were threatening to kick me out unless I paid $200 (of my own money) in rent every month. And I had just decided, I figured that I am so lazy and so much of a procrastinator, that I can't pick myself up from being homeless. And I had everything packed and ready, until in August, I actually found a job, and I think that it may have saved my life. I don't want to underemphasize killing myself, I'm just trying to explain the why. I am a terrible shitty person, who leeches off and is just a burden to those around me. In fact the note that I'm going to leave is going to say something to that effect. "I'm a burden, I deserve to die." I've tried doing long lengthy things trying to explain why and ask people to not blame themselves, but they turned rambly (like this whole thing) and I wound up inadvertently blaming people, which is the last thing that I want to do. The only person to blame is me, so I went with short and to the point. I've had thoughts of killing myself since high school (which wasn't too long ago because I'm only 19) when for the life of me I wouldn't do my homework, and wouldn't even study, I passed only because I was good at taking tests, and without studying even, I would get an A or a B on each one. Honestly, even still I shouldn't've passed, I didn't earn it. And in college. I had my plan ready, and everything ready, and the same thing happened again except this time, I stopped showing up halfway through the semester, and wound up confessing my plan to kill myself to my councilor at the time. To not make a long story longer, I didn't get the help that I needed at the time, frankly, because my community college couldn't offer it, and I can't afford it. So I took this semester off hoping to start my list of good habits, knowing that if I went as I was at the time, that I would just fail again, and I know that if I go now, that I'm just going to fail again. I want to fix myself, because if I would just do the work, I would do so well, I would excel in my classes. So I'm waiting to go until I fix myself. And now if I lose my job, I'll be in the same boat again, owing my roommates money, on the cusp of being homeless. So basically my plan to kill myself is live again, and I might just save myself the embarrassment and save them the frustration, and just leave early. Before they have the chance to threaten kicking me out. I'll clean my room, have my bag packed, and leave. I'm sorry, I feel like I sound like I'm being overdramatic, but the words "I deserve to die," keep repeating over and over and over inside my head, I don't think that anyone deserves to die, and yet somehow I am the exception, to my own words. Like some weird kind of doublethink sort of thing. Objectively I know that it's not true, and that's why I seek out help, but I believe it. 


I started writing this on one day, and finished it on another, so I have since lost my job. I feel like a terrible person right now, and I'm not really looking for sympathy, honestly right now even if you tried to convince me that I'm not a terrible person, I wouldn't believe it. What's interesting about this is that, I feel like you can kind of clearly see how my thoughts can seem clear and organized on one day, and the a total mess on another, and there's a definite split between the two when I start to turn into a rambling mess. I'm sorry for dumping my thoughts out here, I honestly don't know how to clean them up a bit. And I don't know where or how I wanted to end, so I'll just end on this; in the past when I've told people that I have a plan to kill myself, and I explain how and the words that go through my head, and how I can feel so consumed by it. They always ask why, and I'll answer because I'm lazy and I procrastinate. They tell me that, that can't be all, they don't believe that that can be *it.* so in this whole thing, I tried to focus more on why and less on my plan to kill myself, less on how I've tried to change myself, and less on the thoughts that lead up to it, etc.


I'm sorry, thank you for your patience. Somebody might respond, but even if nobody does, it was nice just putting my thoughts out there. If you do read this, thank you.


**TL;DR: I'm lazy and and ruining my own life, I think I deserve to die.**