pretty alt girl piss vodka and suicidal ideation goodbye:)im very drunk ignore the typos. hi im a 15 yo female im supposedly pretty, play varsity sports, guys like me, i get decent grades, rich white suburban family, so yeah my life looks fucking perfect. what people don't know is I'm completely fucked my first attempt was at 11 and that makes me sick now I'm dependant on substances and self harm I don't go an hour without thoughts of suicide. my most recent full on attempt was a couple months ago and I was out of school for a month going through iNteNssIv TheRaPy yet no one knew or cared. i don't want to get better I'm comfortable the way i am. Ive been manipulated by everyone i don't trust males and I might be in love with someone who I've never met irl that is using me to fulfill his manic pixie dream bitch ideals. i need a way out i can't do this. i got genetic testing so i could get a perfect balance of meds but i skip them and am obviously intoxicated off piss colored vodka i took from an air bnb my parents think I'm a good Christian girl my brother thinks I'm a whore in reality I'm a piece of shit with no reason to be sad. so here i am telling redit about my issues so i don't o Deheheheh in this Montana air bnb. meds and alc my most common attempt super cute. my dad hits me my mother thinks I'm a slut my brother is disappointed and overall im private school turned public whore with daddy issues and no will:) why am i so fucked up i ask myself. i blame it on the chemical imbalance in my brain not because i don't deserve to live. nobody will know who i am or why im here except you scary reddit fucks. almost everyone thinks im sober and clean my liver and thighs say different. why am i pretending to be poetic this is so fucking cringy. i have to piss brb. okayy so if i do this tonight they will know im an addict from like an autopsy or sum. i need out of here i cant take a fucking summer i hope these mfs pretend we were friends at my funeral so i can laugh from my un known after life. im just a pretty alt girl who never peaked with no hope for a future but i want kids and a family but i also don't want to make it past 16 i don't think i could ever be loved. why do i keep talking holy shit. im drunk, i cant even tell if his is a cry for help because i don't want it rn. but i honestly find it funny that i cant even get 1 out of 4(full send) suicide attempts right like bruv thas extra dissapointingbut yeah please don't kys that's not good and i truly love you not out of love for humanity but love for your indivdual self. im allowed to go tho