It's impossible for me to get along with people and I have a body that refuses to breakSo I haven't been officially diagnosed, but it has been suggested by a couple psychologists that I could be high functioning autistic. 
There was a time when I would just be walking down the street and someone would just randomly slap me or kick me in the balls, or they'd throw a knife or metal bar out the car window as I'm walking.
Now it's just a matter of people want nothing to do with me and see me as nothing but a pile of shit.
Outside of a work place environment everyone avoid me even  on foot path in the city people literally split the path to go around me. At work they talk with me say they love me in what I assume is just friendly affection every now and again but come end off shit they run from me as if escaping a burning building. The off chance people talk to me outside work it's someone on internet halfway across the world only to bitch about their issues and get advise and then fuck off till next time they need venting and advise.
I literally have no worth it seems

In the last 10 years I've been hit by 4 buses 3 trucks and I stopped counting the amount of cars after 67, most of the time the vehicles have been speeding and doing at least 80/100km/h (~50-65mph), some of it has been my fault running across road but a lot of it has been people trying to run me over. I have 13 licence plates memorized because they have gone on the foot path to try and run me over or I have been hit by them at least 7 times. Worst part of all is my body is so resilient that I literally get up and walk away with minor scratches and bruising or nothing at all so police never believe me when I report it.

To top it all off my body won't let me commit suicide, I can't cut or stab myself, jumping off 6m high building (~19ft) my body instantly straightens and relaxes upon impact and rolls out against my wishes, trying to drown myself by jumping into water I can't stand in my body all of a sudden knows how to swim but when I want to swim for fun I can't and drown.
I have been told its merely emotional disassociation and I may feel like I want to die but actually don't, however that is not true at all, there's nothing I want more then to die,the only thing that brings a smile to my faces is the fantasies I have of all the ways I wish I could die, however my body won't allow it, everytime my life is in danger I lose all control and my body acts on its own as I watch and scream at my body that is absorbing impact instead of resisting or hand releases a knife against my wish as I'm trying to stab it into my throat or temple.....