I don't know what else to doI don't even know what I'm doing here. I just dont have anyone else in my life I can talk to. My parents have always brushed off and minimized mental illness, saying I was exaggerating. We've never gotten along, and I couldn't stand living with them. They would just scream at me and scream at me, and if I tried to go lock myself in the room, they'd beat on the door and scream through it. If I tried to walk away to a friends house they would threaten the police. Anyone I've ever opened up to has disappeared. I hardly talk to my best friend anymore because hes so fucked up in the head too. I've wanted to not exist since I was eight years old. I'd come home from school and have multiple hour breakdowns because I've never felt like i fit in anywhere. I've always had people to talk to, but I've hardly ever had someone i consider a real friend. Every time I got close to anyone, my family would move states and I had to start over. Nobody has ever been in my life more than a handful of years. 

I've always been a strong kid, I really have. But I've been living in this hell for almost a decade. But these past few years everything has gone south. My parents forced me to get an expensive car when I was 16, paying for it all myself. Over $550 a month, they didn't do shit to help me. I wanted to buy a car outright with the couple grand I had saved up, but they had other plans. Instead I used $2000 as a down payment because I wasn't allowed to purchase anything without a warranty. So now I was 20,500 in debt in high school. I had started smoking cannabis to help clear my head. Oh man, you have no idea how much of a relief it is to not have thoughts of suicide invading my thoughts every waking moment of my life. But with school and being 16, I legally couldn't work enough to pay for the car and other expenses. So I turned to selling cannabis. I made enough to get food and pay for my car now, maybe go to the movies every now and again. But that's not me. I used to be a good kid, I never thought I'd turn to selling drugs. I cant help but resent my parents for what they turned me into. 

When I was 18 I moved out, into a my best friends trailer with his father and girlfriend. If I stayed with my parents I wouldnt be writing this now, I would have done it already. So now I had to pay for that bullshit car, and pay rent, and pay for food, and pay for my animals, and pay for everything else I needed. I couldn't sell my car because I was hit twice, once by a texter, another by a drunk driver. It was worth 6 grand less than I owed on the loan. When I was finally able to get rid of it, I got an old piece of shit SUV for free, no A/C, windows dont work all the time, holes in the seats, rust all over, locks dont work, etc. I pay 3× as much in gas. I dont want to go to jail, so now that I am an adult I chose to stop pushing weight and just work legally. So I was working 80+ hours a week. I couldn't do it, I was so close to ending it working so much. So i kicked it back to 60 hours, and one of my jobs doubled my workload and asked me to clean biohazard without proper equipment. I quit, I'm not getting diseases from cleaning up shit without protection for minimum wage. 

So now I work 2 days a week at another job, and do craiglist work when I can find it. What little money I had saved up is gone. I refuse to turn to selling drugs again. And in this small town, I've applied at every business within 20 miles. I've gotten interviews, but that's it. I have no useful skills to get a real job other than retail. I have no way to go to college. I have no way to get an apprenticeship because they're all so far away, I'd hit empty before I got to work on the first day. 

I have nothing anymore. I used to have good days. I used to be able to talk to people without it draining me. Food used to taste good. I used to be able to sleep soundly at night. I tried going in to get medication, but I'm so scared to take it. I'm so close to killing myself and I dont want the medication to put me over the edge. I cant afford the gas to get to a reputable psychiatrist, nor can I afford the copayment. I'm in debt with no way to pay it back. I cant even afford food for my animals this week 😭 I've never seen a future for myself past 30, but recently I dont even see next week. I'm sorry. If you read this far, you've done more for me than anyone else in my life has. I'm so sorry for this jumbled mess, I pulled into a parking lot and I've been crying this whole time. I left so much out but I just cant think straight. I'm sorry.