I don't know how much longer I can do thisUsing my nsfw alt cuz fuck it 

I know that I have shit to live for. I'm an honors level college student in an accelerated graduate program, I've got a loving mom and a few friends. And every day feels so fucking pointless I can't find a reason to get out of bed anymore. 

I struggle with codependency and I tend to latch onto one person. For two years, that person was my girlfriend who broke up with me back in September because I was too much and making her unhappy. She cheated on me just before the breakup too (we had an open relationship but with certain specific boundaries, one of which she broke and then tried to say it wasn't cheating) and it all fucked me up. I needed her and she was shit to me. At first I couldn't stay away from her. I wasn't respectful of her boundaries. But eventually I went no contact and then she wouldn't respect me and I eventually had to get a university no contact order against her. Now if either of us tries to talk to the other, we would get in trouble with the school. 

In the pain of all of this, I let my emotionally abusive ex boyfriend back into my life. I was at a pretty good point in my breakup recovery and he wanted to apologize and I wanted answers. It really seemed like he'd changed. We started pursuing a friendship with benefits and things felt really good for about a month. Until I found out he had a girlfriend, felt pressured into sex with me, had sexual trauma that I caused when we were 13 (we're 21 now; he's been in my life on and off for that long) and was so shitty to me when we were younger at first because he thought if he pushed me away he could kill himself in peace, but then it was just because he hated me. 

I have a bad tendency to be obsessive. I'll stare at my phone for hours waiting for a reply, the whole time wondering why I wasn't good enough to get a reply. I'm still talking to the ex boyfriend. I'm badly trauma bonded to him and he's one of the only people I've been talking to in quarantine. But I feel like I'm just a burden to him. He tells me that that's not how that works, that I'm not gonna push him away by being too much, but that's how it worked for 8 years and that fear doesn't just go away. Last night I was feeling really bad and he wasn't replying, but I saw he was on Steam, not because of his online status (he always keeps it offline) but because I literally had his profile up and was refreshing, watching the playtime tick up and eventually watching him switch games. I called him, first time he hung up, second time he picked up cuz he knows I wouldn't call twice unless it was bad. And it was bad. I'd been crying and breaking down about how much I hated myself. He had been on a call with another friend and I felt so guilty for taking him away from her. So we talked for a bit and he calmed me down and then went back to her and said he would play it by ear in terms of talking to me after (we usually stay up pretty late gaming and talking). I sent him a couple more messages and couldn't sleep, waiting for him to come back. He never did. 14 hours later and he still hasn't

The only thing that makes me feel any better is him. And even then, it's just a matter of time before I feel like he hates me again. Or that he's here out of obligation. Or that he lets me down again. Or that I'm coercing him.

I've always been a lot. I monologue and soliloquize and I need a lot of reassurance a lot of the time. I can be coercive and pushy and I don't always know how to turn it off. I'm bitchy and lash out. And I thought I was getting better but after last night I'm not sure anymore.

There's a comment one of his friends jokingly made on his Steam profile in the style of an obsessive girl who can't take the idea of not being with him. It's a cruel irony that I have to look at it every time I'm on his profile. I hate that I do it. I know it just makes me miserable. But I can't seem to stop. 

I keep seeing the face of the poor girl he was dating the night I found out. I keep thinking that if I hadn't been part of his life, they could've just been happy. My ex girlfriend has a new girl, she doesn't need me. My best friend and I barely connect anymore. I have no fucking reason to get out of bed anymore. If you think this fucking post is bad in terms of length, imagine how it is to try to be my friend! Imagine how it is to try to put up with this shit! It sucks and no one fucking can! I tried reaching out to another friend last night when ex bf wasn't replying and she stopped replying when I said I was really starting to struggle. She was the one I went to during the whole breakup and it was too much for her. I push everyone away because I'm just too fucking much. 

I'm so fucking alone. Everything I do is a mistake and I just want to not wake up tomorrow.