My functional depression is slowly turning into non-functioning depression and I don't know if I want to stick it out to the end result, whether good or bad.I don't know if this is the right subreddit as this will be my first original post ever on reddit, but might as well try. 

I have had high functioning depression for years, since 14 to be exact and I'm 22(F) now. I can actually remember the day when my depression began but I can barely remember the days from that day to now. It sucks.

Over the past year, my functioning depression has slowly turned to non-functioning depression (if that's what it's called). I struggle to do any self-care. I think I have some sort of eating disorder? Regardless, my relationship with food is horrific and it causes me to hate my body as I am very overweight. I am struggling to do my job, even quitting a high paying/harder job to an easier one, struggle to socialize, and to fake being okay. I went from being able to push through my dread to just curling up and almost whimpering until I just sleep through it. 

I have an incredible boyfriend who is supporting me so much. I see progress in some areas and loss in others. I have this plan to improve my life that I truly think will finally work due to my improved support system and such, but...is it bad I don't know if I want to fight through to the end result? I don't want to watch myself wither away, but I also feel too exhausted and weak to fight to a possible better place. It hurts more than normal due to losing friends due to my poor social skills. How I got my current boyfriend is honestly beyond me. 

I'm rambling now, but my point is: I don't really want to know the end result. I just don't. I would rather just cut the line now and know where it ends. I know what I should do, but I don't even know what I want. Does it get better? If I improve things, will I feel less tired? Less anxious? Will I even feel the slightest glimpse of a happy life? What if I don't? Just...so many what if's and I'm too tired to think of them all or, even worse, think of just...slowing decaying as a person, losing everyone, and all that mess. Nope. I refuse.

I'm definitely suicidal but...I don't think I will yet. I have a cat who I adore more than myself, and no one will take care of her to the right quality. I don't even take care of her the way she deserves, but my parents treat their animals like crap (not abuse, but still) and no one else can take her. And my boyfriend honestly adores me, and I don't want to let him down.

So, I'll fight for now I guess. I'm just putting myself in a forced routine with a personal trainer and work (no therapy sadly, too expensive ironically despite being able to get a personal trainer). Hopefully it'll help. The workouts do help I think. I don't know...

Sorry that I'm rambling. I just needed to get it all out there. This helps.

Thank you for reading.