Perpetually depressed because I may have missed my only shot at true loveSo I'm 25, and I've never been in an LTR. I've fooled around in my teen years, but that's as far as it goes. I met this girl last year, and we clicked instantly. I fell in love with her. She was the one who initiated the friendship. Which is crazy, because when I first met her I felt really connected with her, but didn't want to creep her out, but she initiated everything instead. 

Since we met. We've been off and on. One minute she's enthusiastically talking to me, the next, not so much. I have a feeling she feels the same way I do about her, but because I'm too chicken shit to make a move, she's just loses interest and moves on. 

Either way, fate kept bringing us together, and each time, I blew my shot by not showing enough effection. I did ask her out, but  she said she wasn't ready for a relationship. She is a hookup type of person though, and I think that if I showed some effection, we could get together sexually and then get together romantically, seeing thats how a lot of people are doing it now days. 

Anyways, we went to a party together last week. And she met this other guy, who was really cool imo, so she has good tastes. But I'm not sure where that's going to go. I'm hoping I'll get another chance with her again. Because even though I have tons of friends and an okay social life, no one has ever clicked like me and her. Well, except for this other girl, but that was 5 years ago. 

Every time I'm with her, I'm super happy. But right now, I don't know what to do. I can barely eat, and have to drink myself to sleep. I'm only happy when I'm drunk now. I posted a full thread in /r/relationships if anyone wants to read the full story. 

I don't think I'm doomed to be forever alone, but do think I'm doomed to never find anyone like her. I don't think I can ever get over her, because one time I went without talking to her for 6 months and I still couldn't find myself to be happy. It wasn't until we started seeing each other again that I was happy again.

So why continue to live if I might not ever be happy? And I'll only be happy when we're together. 