The thought of me even talking to a boy and beingI’ve had friends who were “boys” before. Just not boyfriends....and my parents well I can’t have a boyfriend till I’m 18 apparently. But it’s my life, my choices-and I’m christian as well.Im scared...I really want to date honestly..but I’m scared as death. I haven’t necessarily met any boys that I can say were “hot or cute” because they just don’t stand out. So I’m forced to no dating and also I’m 14. I moved to where I am a few years ago and I left during middle school. My friends were given my moms number but I’ve only talked to one in recent times...I know they remember me but it’s sad we never talked again after moving...it’s ok I get it..we were younger then...so now I have one friend. I have adhd and pretty much was diagnosed with it in kindergarten so essentially my whole life. It makes it hard to make friends for me and I had about 4 friends in my old school. I only have friends with people like me.,.because we are similar- and bond well. Now I moved her and I have one friend my bff my life (it’s a girl) she’s my bff. What do it now-I have one friend and it makes me feel sad that I do...I want to date remember? What if I did date? I never met anyone I could call cute-but I’m I’m not lesbian cuz I’m christian. So if I dated-I have adhd....why would anyone want to date me. I’m an imperfect individual and I know nobody is perfect but-I’m more so than anyone..and my friend has some similar too..that’s why we bond. We don’t really care for men..we just never cared..I know I love myself because god made me hoe I am. But still the way I am-why would anyone like me? Why would anyone care? And sometimes idk when boys talk to me if they joke. They’ll say “kiana wanna go to the dance?” But I’m sure it’s a dare. Because the boys they hang with all laugh. And I know it is because why me? Why me? Of all the pretty babes? Why? Why do you gotta joke about that? What if I took it seriously? Every time they do that I reject them. I hate dancing.. sometimes theyll say “your so hot or cute” or something but you know what? I don’t believe them. I know they think I’m annoying because of my adhd. I’m not that hyper so I think but apparently I am...and they always ask “do you have adhd?” I do. But I never ANWSER. Why should it matter? 😭..why do we never get recognized as existing? They will always ask about us and our adhd or what not. Can I not just be called upon as human??? I’m human and can feel and hurt too. I feel...and behind all me and my friends uwu’s were not fine you think we are but if only you knew us.. you’d see we aren’t, we aren’t fine at all. We’re people and need to be seen as such. I’m not the girl with adhd I’m just a normal girl with normal imperfections...nobody is perfect....but then when u do this and joke about me and my friends-that’s not right. I want the truth and not a lie. I DONT WANT YO LIVE A LIE! What do I do rn? I need someone to talk to....I need a friend someone like me or not..,someone who really just cares and understands me....like my bff the only one who knows me. The true me the me who’s sad inside the one who cries at night and cries silently to sleep...I’m just-ugly on the  outside aren’t i? My actions are and I guess so am I..,