What's the best way not to scar someone else with your death?I think I'm ready for it to be over. Maybe it's relatable to someone else here, but I'm not really sad anymore. I mean - there's disappointment and I wish my life had played out differently, but ultimately life is as it presents itself, and I'm trying to accept that. For a long time, I thought that if I just did the right things, my life would change. That the lack of love in my life from friends, family, or romantic interests was a result not of something inherently wrong with me, but just due to mistakes in the way I have acted in the past.

I no longer believe that. Taking what most people consider conventional wisdom about finding happiness and success in life didn't work for me. I'm going to one of the nation's best universities for a program that I was really interested in. I have hobbies. I'm an Eagle Scout and I love helping people. I exercise and eat clean. I put myself out there socially and really tried to make an effort to be social with others. When I started to lose hope that things would change, I saw a therapist whose recommendations consisted of things I was already trying to do well. Yet despite all that, I still want to die. Does anyone else feel that way? Like there's so much that's right in your life, but for whatever reason, your soul is too greedy and you can't accept things for what they are?

I wish I had been born better looking or better socialized growing up. It feels like there's an invisible wall that separates me from what is considered normal by the rest of society, and I lack whatever quintessential character traits are necessary to step past the barrier. I've decided I want to die. My life isn't enough for me and despite my best efforts, it seems pretty apparent that it's never going to be. My only question is what the best way not to scar others with my death is. I don't want my roommate to walk in on my dead body or anything like that. I don't care if it hurts when I go, I just want a method that won't hurt anyone else. Life wasn't meant for everyone, but that doesn't mean I have to hurt more people than necessary when I leave it.