I don't expect replies since it's a novel, I just needed to get this off my chest in full.My fight started when I was in high school. Back then it was only mild depression due to bullies and not having any friends to learn how to be socially accepted. My grades plummeted and even though I wanted t go to university and have a future, my lack of friends and the fact I was now practically a shut in meant that I didn't know how to apply and so I went straight into meaningless jobs instead.

The depression grew to severe and my home life wasn't wonderful. My brother and sister moved away and didn't stay in contact so I was living at home with my alcoholic father and my mother whom even though I loved her very much, she would become a doormat for my father to walk on. I was diagnosed with depression when a cousin of mine noticed the symptoms and forced me to see a doctor. However, the doctors terrified me so I didn't keep up appointments plus I would get into relationships fast resulting in misplaced confidence and spiraling on and off anti-depressants. I just couldn't accept that I was sick and I never saw the same doctor so I was never really given enough information, I was just given drugs.

Then in 2010 I got into an emotionally abusive relationship for two years which stripped what was left of my self-esteem and made me pathetic. After my mother removed me from his flat and he stopped calling at house, all future relationships were doomed to fail. I became needy, unable to trust and constantly thinking they were going to leave me at any moment.

After trying to pick myself up, I was in a small group of friends which built my confidence a little until I was booted out by a couple due to a horrible event. The lady spread lies and hate on every social media outlet she had and the guy stalked my blogs and mocked my mental issues.

Fast forward to now, the couple still pop up but I have real friends and a chance at a wonderful relationship. Fighting these illnesses is too tiring though. I went to a cbt course, changed my doctors surgery and stayed with the same gp to enable them to get to know me, I also underwent 14 sessions of therapy provided by a charity. The cbt did nothing for me but the therapy explained a lot. It allowed me to understand why I turned out this way but it wasn't enough to start healing. Now I don't know what to do.

I don't know where to turn to next. I was also referred to the mental health team but all they did was put my name on a list for a mindfulness course. I'm just scared.

I need to be doing something but I can't afford therapy and I already used the free sessions. It feels like the only way I could get help would be if I hurt myself but thats in the past. I found a way to stop it and I dont want to go back.

I have attempted suicide once while in the abusive relationship but I obviously didn't take enough paracetamol because I woke up with the worst pain I have ever experienced and threw it up.

I have felt suicidal many times but I never go ahead with it because I am either too scared or I feel guilty for anyone I leave behind. My only family left (My mother) died in 2013 and it almost bankrupted the family. I couldn't do that to them. However it's been so long now that I don't care anymore and I am afraid that was what was keeping me here.

The man I am with is the person I wish to be with for the rest of my life. I want to get well but I don't know how. I even applied for University and got two offers but thats 7 months away. Even then I and would still be stuck here in this house. I can't afford to move with a dog so I am stuck here. I can't do anything. No one can help me anymore. I am just a burden.

I am not wanted at "home" with these strangers, I am not wanted at my current work and I don't want myself These three places make me feel less than nothing every day and night, but my boyfriend is trying so hard to make me look at the positives. He is the best thing to happen to me but the more he tries, the more I feel guilty. I dont deserve him because if I did, I would find his love enough and I wouldn't want to die so badly.

I'm so sick and I have tried for so long to get help. I'm just so tired and I want to let go. Every night I wish for death, I pay no attention when crossing the road alone and I contemplating trying pills again even though I failed the first time.
