trapped to live.I go to a big, huge, expensive, and famous school. It's known as one of the biggest party schools in the country. I was so excited to attend when I first decided to enroll here. I thought I was going to turn into the awesome, independent, alive person that I always imagined myself to be. 

Now I'm sitting in my trashed room, bored to tears. I'm so sick of these four walls. I'm so sick of smoking weed and Netflix, (something I never thought I would say). I'm sick of taking walks down the same streets, seeing all the people with their friends and significant others and families. While I'm alone. 

During the last school year I think I might have isolated myself a bit unintentionally. I went through some really hard things, and because I didn't have the energy to go out and party a lot, I stayed home and drew in my room. I drew beautiful pictures of people and fairies and these crazy designs that I was so proud of. 

But after awhile, people stopped inviting me to parties and such, they knew i was going to decline. I don't blame them.
But now it's summer and all my friends that I would at least have interaction with are gone. I have those little suicidal thoughts all the time, but they don't scare me anymore. I guess they don't scare me anymore because I've realized that no matter what I can't kill myself. Because I decided to go to college, I've racked up an enormous amount of debt. My step dad cosigned the loans, so if I croaked, all my precious debt would go to him. I couldn't do that to my parents, they've done too much to help me, they're too good of people to deserve that burden. 

If I would have been a responsible and hard working student, I would have graduated this past May. But instead I'm kinda no where near. I don't like to think about it, but I have so much stress about financial aide and all that stuff.. its terrifying. Especially because I'm spending an incredibly barbaric amount to (maybe) get a degree that (might) get me an okay job worth a bachelors degree in the human services field. It's like I'm kidding myself if I think it's worth it. But I have no choice but to go through with it, because it's my only chance to be successful. I absolutely love my major, it's like it was made for me, but I know it's not going to be enough to conquer my debt.

It's not fair. I feel like I was forced into making huge decisions when I was younger that would decide my whole future, and I'm slowly realizing now that I made all the wrong ones. And because of my bad choosing, I'm now stuck. I can't kill myself. I can't just run away and start a new life. I have to go through this painful, slow process of failing. 