I feel broken and I don't know if I can take it anymoreI've had one failed attempt 6 months ago, and my parents don't even know about it. I have felt like this for years, and it has gotten close to unbearable these past weeks. I've always had my two best friends as a reason not to do this, but lately they've even been getting annoyed with my bullshit. 

I'm an FTM transgender person, and my dysphoria has been completely destroying me for these past couple of months, especially seeing my family a lot over the holidays. I feel like I'm trapped, and won't be able to escape before running out of air, and all I want is to be able to take a deep breath for the first time in my life. The thought of being able to one day transition and live a normal life is something that's always gotten me through the tough times, but lately that thought hasn't been worth getting through the days of being absorbed by this suffocating feeling. 

On a similar topic, I'm called by my preferred name and pronouns at school, but my extremely transphobic/homophobic parents don't know anything about me being trans. However, my art teacher called them a after I came out to him trying to out me. This was the beginning of the end in a way, seeing as it caused me to spiral into a fit of feeling as though I have no purpose or worth as a human being. Most people would think that this was just a situation that lasted a week to a month, but it has greatly affected me even into today. Every time the phone rings, I panic with the thought that this could be the call that outs me. All I really want to say about this is fuck you Jonathan Schnieder. 

I know this sounds like teenage drama, and it is, but the things my friend said to me made me more upset than I ever would've imagined. Longs story short, my crush is one of my friends from school, and we got to talking about crushes in class. I told him I liked him, and he never answered me. While I was waiting for him to say.. anything, I was talking to my best friend about random things. The conversation ended in her telling me that a lot of the time I'm just "too much", and although I like being told when people think these things about me, it still negatively affected me more than I thought it would've. I don't even care about the things she said as much as the thought that she doesn't even want to be my friend even though we've been really close since 2nd grade. I know I'm nothing but annoying to people, but the thought that she's mad at me about that absolutely destroys me. 

I know this sounds completely obsolete, but today was really shitty, so I went home and tried to listen to music. My favorite bands have always been able to start digging me out of these mood, but today the sound became annoying if nothing else. After giving up on the idea of listening to music, I tried to watch my favorite musical, Dear Evan Hansen (fitting, right), but even that seemed fruitless and pointless. overall, there's nothing I can think of that would get me out of this state of depression.

I'm sorry if this post made it seem like I'm just being dramatic, I just needed a place to vent. If you actually read this, thank you for even caring enough to do that.