Despite what the media says, depression is not treatable, and asking for help is pointless.I’ve seen over two dozen therapists and been on nearly every psychotropic medication out there. The meds range from useless to making things even worse. 

Similar for therapists. I’ve done CBT, DBT, ACT, psychodynamic, and all of the other acronyms. And it’s all been either a waste of my time, or things actively get worse with therapy. I’ve given therapists feedback that my sessions make me suicidal and I either get “and how does that make you feel?” Or “you’re not working hard enough to make actual progress.” I’m telling the therapists EVERY FUCKING FEELING I’m having, but because I don’t have any particular trauma for them to latch onto, they say I’m holding back and preventing the real work from being done. I’m not a textbook case if someone who needs an epiphany and then the suffering magically goes away. 

But really — I have no actual “reasons” to be depressed. I grew up with a living family. I have a doctorate. I have a unicorn amazing job. But I just get constant waves of very physical feelings of despair and hopelessness. My current therapist just says that I’m not in touch with my feelings, and until I get in touch with them and “really experience and confront the pain,” I’ll never get better. I don’t know what to fucking tell him anymore. 

I’m in my 40s and I’ve had there issues since around 10. I’ve tried to kill mystified twice before  in my teens and failed. I get treatment. I do all the “right things.”  Medication and therapy. But it always comes back. Always. 

Im tired. I am sick of this. The actually fact is: for a giant portion of people with depression, they never get better. Ever. Yet the media and world lie to us with stupid cliches like suicide being a permanent solution to a temporary problem. Or they say depression is treatable (lies. They call it treatment resistant depression for a reason, and I’ve been on all of the treatments for TRD).

But for so many of us, IT IS A PERMANENT PROBLEM THAT REQUIRES A PERMANENT SOLUTION. 

I don’t want to hurt people around me. That’s the only reason I’m alive. But when my mom does (in the next year or two), and I can’t hurt her anymore, it’s probably my time.