Burning the candle at both ends, and I'm out of wasEDIT: Title is meant to say "wax", not "was". Autocorrect and all 

I don't have the energy to go into my life story right now. I'm just barely keeping it together at work, more or less give a detailed, coherent plea for help. I just need to get this out in the open somehow to a group of people that would actually care. 

I can't survive like this for much longer. I've had terrible anxiety ever since I was a small child, so I worry immensely over anything and everything. I worry about my future. I worry about my past. I worry about how by poisoned. I worry about my sexuality. I worry about current events. I worry about the world. I worry that I'll continue to live without a single friend that I can call "close." I worry about what my family and friends think of me. I worry about what strangers on Twitter and elsewhere on the internet think of me. You get the idea. 

It just sucks because it all compounds and stacks and makes my situation worse. Every regret or embarassment I have has suicide as a possible way to get out of it. I know it's not right, but it... feels so logical given who I am and how much of a piece of shit I am. It feels like fate that I will someday die by my own hand. 

My opinions are worthless. My actions are worthless. Writing this is worthless because it is written by me. I am worthless.

I write all of this with a stoic face at work because I'm so used to feeling like this. It doesn't make me cry or weep; I haven't let my emotions out like that in years. 

I'll edit this if I have anything more to say. I just needed to finally let the world know how I feel. No one else would have cared or listened. Not even my therapists take me seriously when I tell them how seriously fucked up I am. They just keep me on the same low dosage of medication, hoping that it would somehow work down the road even though I've been on that same medication at the same dosage for years. Not even professionals listen. 

So in a way, thank you for reading this, if you did. 