I'm an assholeI have a girlfriend. She's easily the best I could ever ask for. I do nothing but treat her wrongly. I was a furry for a while. She specifically asked me to stop, as she didn't like that. It was understandable, but I just couldn't. I finally did after like 3 times. It shouldn't have taken me that long. I didn't deserve that many chances. I lied to her every time. "Yeah. It's over." "No, I don't do that anymore" "No. I'm not lying." I even got caught red-handed and lied anyways.

And now, I overreact to things. Every time I mess up. I apologise too much. Every time she says something about me, I get overly defensive.

Today, she called me a weeb as a joke, because I like anime and the likes (yeah even the NSFW) and I took it far too seriously and we got into a large argument which ended in her telling me (paraphrasing) "I don't care that you are one... I just hope you grow out of it." She doesn't want to talk to me now... She blocked me. She told me not to come see her in the morning (I usually pick her up for school)

I don't think I will grow out of it. This is what worries me right now. I don't want it to be the furry thing all over again.
I don't want to break up with her. She's the absolute love of my life. I don't deserve her, which honestly makes me want her more. It's kinda like when you get a really good gift when you really didn't deserve it. You cherish it more because it was given to you anyways.

I'm so tired of messing things up. I mess things up in all my social relationships. This is not the only one I've messed up in. This is just the most recent example. I don't know when to stop. I'm a chronic liar. I'm just so tired of myself. I hate myself. I hate how I am. I hate that I do this.

I've contemplated suicide many times. This is def not my first time. I've even attempted it before. A bag over the head doesn't work. You panic and rip it off.

Why even go on? Why continue living if all I do is hurt those around me.

I'm not benefiting the world in any way. I'm not benefiting my gf in any way. I'm not benefiting my friends in any way. Why continue living if all I am is a parasite to those I care about? I take all their love and affection and help and I give back nothing. I only ever show them even more that I don't deserve it.

I think about how they would feel if I ended my life. I think they'd be sad, of course, but I feel like they'd get over it. I've had a family member die. It still hurts, but it's a dull pain. One that I've grown accustomed to. I feel like it'll become that to them too. I don't think this sadness would ever be as bad as what I've caused them before.

What reasons do I even have to live if everybody would be better off without me?