Solace“The thought of suicide is a powerful solace: by means of it one gets through many a bad night.”
- Friedrich Nietzsche


I really identify with this quote. I thought my mom was the only one who would really care if I killed myself, and everyone else would get over it pretty quickly. Whenever things got bad in my life, I always thought “I only have to hold out another 20 or so years, then when my mom dies I can kill myself and none of this will matter anymore.” But last night I found out that my best friend / ex-girlfriend cares about me a lot more than I thought she did. She said that I am her best friend and she would never get over it if I killed myself, and it made her cry and ruined her night just to find out that I was ever even thinking about it. My mom is old, so she would die in only around 15-20 years or so on average statistically. But my friend is young, and since she is a woman and also one year younger than I am, she is statistically very likely to outlive me. This effectively means that I can never commit suicide, because my friend would be devastated. 

I don’t know how to cope with this. It sounds ridiculous, but I almost liked the idea that nobody was that attached to me because it meant that there was a simple solution to all of my pain and all of my issues, and I would be free to use it as soon as my mom died and nobody cared about me anymore. Now if I were to try to use that method, it would be a horribly selfish and unjust thing to do to my friend. It’s suddenly off the table forever. But my problems and my irreconcilable feelings of loneliness and self loathing remain. Nothing I ever do solves them, and I still think most people dislike me. I still think I’m a failure at almost everything I’ve done. I’m not young anymore, and I think it’s too late for me to change. And even if it weren’t too late for me to change, I’m not sure that I want to change. I want everybody else to change to accept me for who I am, I don’t want to mold myself to their whims. I am exhausted and humiliated. I just can’t handle it right now, but the thought of Nietzsche’s brand of “solace” has been taken away from me. I don’t know how to react to this. I am grateful, but feel irrationally deprived at the same time. I don’t know what to do. What other solace is there for someone like me?