I skipped my school duties for 2 monthsI feel like crap. I know I should have done something about it, I tried to work but I gave up every time and I never replied to my teachers meanwhile.

All of this because I was planning on dying a week before all of this mess but back then, that Monday..
I couldn't even find the strength to do it so I stayed I guess.

But at what cost? 

In March I was severely depressed about the massive work I had to catch up and I was ruminating too much already about some stupid things and I was acting very dismissive and rude towards my SO and my family.
In April I decided to not give a fuck about my anxieties and started to work yet, I still managed to screw up everything because I couldn't focus on one class at the time and since I was doing everything at the same time, I didn't realize I wasn't doing any progress.
I also went very manic if it's the right word like, I was also drawing, painting and doing a lot of unrelated stuff just because. These side projects kinda helped me to relax and keep my thoughts organized because I often felt irritated and impatient that month.

And now, May...

I've done absolutely nothing!!

I know that I am supposed to be having that big exam at the end of the year but it's like something new our educational system bring to us through some reform and it's quite exclusive and kinda different from the usual and because of the quarantine, it would be even more different and that scares me.
We did have a training for this exam but just one and it was well, in February and I didn't went to it because I was panicking for the lack of sources and exercices our teacher gave us so I thought I would fail and started to have a panic attack so I hide in the nursery...


I just gave up so early...

I believed that if I couldn't find the proper motivation and time to work on everything nicely at school, I would never be able to make progress home since I have trouble concentrating there too and I tend to spend all morning in bed depressed and waste my afternoons on my phone hoping to eventually find some motivation to get productive and to collect my homeworks but I somehow always missed them or caught them late because I receive my mails late for no reasons..
This is so stupid indeed I will never succeed this way but I didn't even believed that I would be still alive in March and all of that depression and anxiety weight me down so much I don't know how to feel anymore and it influenced so much the way I work now it's annoying, I am a lost case...