The thought lives in my brain. RelapseEvery time I think it's alright it isn't. I've been doing really good. Not checking any of my exes' things because it makes me feel more worthwhile. Forcing myself to do the things I don't want to do, like practicing an instrument, working out...And last night something horrible happened that I put myself up against and that was the tipping point. I'm right back to square one. I know you "relapse" when you're sick in the head. But I didn't want to. I was doing so well.

I don't have friends that are worthwhile and I finally realized why. My ex posted something vaguely talking about how her "last two relationships were so controlling".

I tried as hard as I possibly could to not make that happen. First of all it was a D/s relationship anyway so no shit there would be some control somewhere. Second of all I dedicated such a large portion of my life to talking to her, trying to explain myself, and whenever I thought I was being controlling I at least felt like I tried to talk it out. Fine I'm fucking horrible. I've been working on that in particular for so long and for even longer since starting therapy. But after all this time I'm still no good at it. Of course not. After all this time I'm still no good at much of anything.

I hate being not worth it. The only thing I'm worthwhile for is a one-night stand. I'm really great at those. At doing something that involves no emotions whatsoever and then I never see the person again. Because I'm great at sex, apparently. Just not, you know, everything else important in life.

I'm going to be the quintessential suicidal businessman eventually. Probably sooner than I think. And now I am all alone for a week, and I felt my mood flicker and burn like a light.

I made a blog and I just keep writing and writing and writing every time something seems wrong (which is all the time).

I'm trying to train myself to be alone. I'm trying to train myself to accept tangible love. But I have nobody to talk to. The only people who talk to me are people that pity me because I'm "the crazy guy". I hate it, I hate this. I'm trying. I'm trying really hard. I'm misguided. I need help. From real people who aren't my therapist. I'm a lost boy. I'm trying real hard to masquerade as a useful man but it just doesn't work. And now I'm back to regressing. I want a streak. A streak where I feel happy for days, but not manic. Just happy. Even content. Even just okay. A day or week where I don't make stupid fucking decisions. A day where I go on a date with a girl, or I make a friend on the internet who is legitimately a friend.

Attention. I want and need attention. At least now I realize it. I have so many things wrong and my head moves so so so so fast and I can't stop it. I'm out of Xanax also so I can't even take that to calm my mind.

So I'm just going to shout out here to please help me. Even though I know nobody can except myself. That's what it's all about, right? Me being okay with myself, helping myself. Whatever.

You know, all it is, is just forcing yourself to be "normal". I talked to a girl who said that there was no point in forcing herself to be happy. I thought it was horrible that she had convinced herself so deeply to just accept being miserable. But maybe she was right. Either accept being miserable or just end it because the fact is, 20 or 30 years of being completely embedded in bullshit, teaching you how to hate yourself, your life and everyone around you, plus biological nonsense that nobody has figured out how to cure, aren't going anywhere. You're fucked. So accept it or just end it I guess is what it comes down to.