at the edge . dont know what to dosuicide has been the only thing i can think about for months, it's my first thought in the morning and i rarely focus on something else . I really feel closer to doing that than ever but it still feels .. unreal ? like i just dont see myself ending my life in the near future. i dont usually do like crazy things so the concept of hanging myself seems very distant and unlikely to happen. I bought a rope and I've been carrying it with myself. I went to the forest i want to do it in one day and i got scared and went back home. I wish i had the courage to do it because for a very long time i've been living the worst life possible, i'm not trying to change it because i still believe im gonna kill myself. I've witnessed a few signs not to kill myself like a non flexible rope, my parents finding it, rain when i want to do it ... i think the universe wants to keep me alive but i really want to leave. There's no hope for me . I'm kinda sick and i cant do anything about it, i have no friends, even tho ive tried to make some, no one except my family cares about me . My family really helps me by spending time with me but i need some friends ;( im the loneliest person alive and it makes me so sad . I really dont want to die but i have to . I wish i just had a happy life. I'm very scared of killing myself and that something can go wrong and i end up unable to function normally but alive . comitting suicide is a very scary and tough thing to do . I dont even know what it looks like . Today i found out people shit and piss themselves when they do that and i just wish i knew more about it ?? because everyone around me seems to know how to do it and have their ways . i dont even know what pills could i take . Please help me do it . I really want to and its the only way for me to find peace . I need someone to encourage me or tell me how to do it quickly. I wish there was a painless way ;/ I want to go and disappear because my life is a never ending nightmare and i've never been happy or had actual friends