I'm not ready for this to be over...I dont know if this is venting or a cry for help or what, but. I'm really over living life doing nothing but battling my bipolar disorder and the demons that plague me. I was doing so good. I graduated college with a bachelor's, got back on medication through clever persuasion on my boyfriend's end, got a job at a head shop that turned into a dispensary when our state went medical, and quickly got promoted to manager of said dispensary. Upper management changed, and I got demoted back to the head shop portion. Why? New big boss said "you are too weak to be a good leader. You're too passive and introverted. This has been coming for a while." So my passive ass took my demotion even though all 5 of the employees under me loved and respected me, and thought I was doing a great job. He wants me to be less passive? The way I see it, the meds stifle me, so naturally i went off of them. Within 2 weeks, I was the manager of the head shop part, again, once he realized his plant was fucking incompetent, on a 30 day probation period. He disliked me so much he fired employees out from under me and would deny every applicant I sent to him which caused me to have to pick up 70 hours a week on salary, no overtime. I burned myself at work. I sobbed in the bathroom. I fixed that whole store and it was never going to be good enough for him, and I had heavy suspicions he was going to terminate me on that 30th day, so a couple days before, I wrote out a long resignation letter calling him out on his bullshit, dropped my keys on the counter, and walked the fuck on out to go back to my home life. It was worse than any break up I've ever been through. I loved that store like a child, and I loved helping medical patients find exactly what they need to function. I recently got confirmation from another employee in HQ that they were in fact going to fire me, and since it was probation they didn't have to have a good reason. You'd think I'd find solace at home, unemployed, but that's not the case either since my boyfriend is freshly MtF transgendered. He/they still loves me, but every day is a struggle to not see them as a man, not treat them like a man...I hate it. I hate every fucking ounce of what's going on in my life, and I hate myself. Now that I'm jobless, I'm starting back on new meds, so hopefully they work before I fucking end this shit. I cant control my mood, or how to react to stimuli in a beneficial way, I can't control the deep depression dips, I cant control myself. My brain wraps up in itself and I'm desperate for anything that could make me feel again, even if it's just a short burst. I want to die via oxygen replacement but I dont know how to carefully do that so no one of importance finds me. Maybe the only thing keeping me here is the fact that my dog wouldn't understand why I wasn't coming home. Maybe that's enough.