If I 'went with my gut feeling', I'd be dead by now. Hello SW...I hope things are well (as can be) with you all.

I wanted to share some of my recent thoughts with you all for two reasons - one, because it just feels good to know others who understand will be reading what I write and two, see number one. 

I have, despite all of my most concerted efforts, become a slave to my own mind. I endure constant urges to deny my age (31) and live a life of unbridled risk-taking reminiscent of my early 20's, when all I could think about was doing crazy shit that resulted in endangering myself and my well-being. 

This could be anything from quitting a job just to change things up, flirting with death by racing through traffic on my mountain bike, going to death metal concerts and picking fights with skinheads, etc. etc.

I guess I can't seem to grow up. I've gotten roughly 30 hours of tattoos in the past year and can't stop myself from making generally poor decisions. I've stopped giving a fuck about the consequences of my actions and I feel it's just a matter of time before I wake up and say to myself, "Today is the day. Today, I end my life."

Suicide, to me, is a fascinating idea. The concept of taking control over one's life to such an extreme as to end it early is, I believe, the ultimate display of ownership of one's life. It's a blatant slap in the face of destiny, and it is as powerful an action as a human being can possibly take. 

This enthralls me like nothing else. I get so excited and, strangely, happy when I think about death that I become drunk with the thought of it. I sit at work and instead of actually working, I think about how my final moments will be spent. I think about the setting around me as I sit alone in my final hour and really take in the reality of what is about to happen. This fantasizing occurs daily and has been for years. 

From the outside looking in, most would say I lead a pretty good life. I'm healthy, I'm in no kind of debt, I have plenty of money, I can get laid pretty much whenever I want and even my Warcraft characters are all maxed out. 

Life is, objectively speaking, pretty good. 

But subjectively, I do not wish to be here. Knowing how rampant evil is in the world, and knowing that I will never see the day when things like religious persecution and cultural ignorance finally die off, really brings me down. Most people are able to sort of 'forget' about these facts of life, and continue living as if there AREN'T children being sold as sex slaves around the world, and that there AREN'T drug-fueled wars being waged on just about every corner of the Earth. 

But I am not able to do this. I've tried. 

I give it 5 years. I'm pretty sure that between now and when I turn 36, I will kill myself. It will not be an unsuccessful attempt - because my method of choice is damn near infallible (12 ga. shotgun blast to the brainstem). 

But between now and then, I wonder if I will have any experiences in life that will make me change my mind. I wonder if I will fall in love again, or if I will find some reason to live that is potent enough to stave off these constant thoughts I have of ending my own life. 

Believe me when I say that I would rather stay alive and find a way to be happy than give up and commit suicide. This is absolutely true. But, having dealt with these feelings and compulsions for close to 20 years now, I think it's impossible. 

Therapy? Been there, tried that. The results were laughable. 
Pharma? I've been on at least a dozen different drugs, to no avail.
Meditation/holistic healing/hynotherapy/etc.? Tried it all.
Sex and music? These have come closer to alleviating my depression than anything else. 

I've come to the realization that life just isn't for everyone. We are born into this world without choice - why shouldn't we proclaim ownership of our mortality if we want, and terminate this foul existence if that is our wish?

I will try to smile today, regardless of all of this. 

Thanks for reading. 