How can one tell a doctor they are suicidal, with zero risk of being strip searched?I am not at death's door quite yet (though I'm getting worse), so maybe I'm not a top priority to reply to here, but I think a lot of people besides me could use an answer to my question in the topic title.

Supposedly, when one tells a doctor they are suicidal, they may get forced into a psychiatric clinic, many of which force patients to strip naked for an inspection. How can I or someone tell a doctor that their safety is very much at risk, and get the help they need, with a 0% chance that they will end up being seen naked as a result? Also, is it possible to go into full-blown emergency mode by telling everyone you might kill yourself soon, but in a way that has a 0% chance of being seen naked?

You don't have to read any further, but below I explain why I'm asking.



I'm a 22 year old male who has never been seen naked (except when I was very little, so that doesn't count). Never had a physical before. I've never dated anyone, and I've never even had a verbal conversation with a girl before (except with family, at work, or at school). I hate objectification and hate pornography for moral reasons, so my exposure to nakedness culture is very far below average. I am extremely libertarian on privacy issues, so I think that all forced strip searching is morally wrong, unless you're a murder suspect or something of the like. When I read stories about psychiatric patients who were victims of forced strip searching, it makes me so angry that I want to jump into the story and punch the searchers in the head until they are unconscious (and I'm not even someone with anger issues). I'm probably never going to have sex, because I developed a sexual disability (for no reason) 5 months ago, but my body hates healing, so it's probably never going to heal; my privacy is pretty much the only sexual thing that I have left. The point is, that there is an impossible wall between me and being willing to do a strip search. Many others feel similarly.

My depression is getting worse and worse, mostly due to my extremely annoying chronic hand pain that there seems to be no cure to; I have to deal with chronic pain every single day even though I'm only 22. It is pain that is invisible to others, so they don't know I feel it unless I tell them. I'm also very lonely because I have never had a real conversation with a girl before, because I don't want to risk bothering them (I am too spiritual and too conservative and too fantasy-oriented for girls to like talking to me). I want to tell a doctor that my safety is at risk, especially since I started cutting myself, and since I am getting closer to morally justifying suicide and figuring out a method in my head. If I talk to my doctor and understate how bad my depression is, then I won't get the help I need. If I state it accurately, then my doctor might activate involuntary confinement, and not care about my moral need to not be violated. I don't trust doctors, because so many of them see people as objects of science, or they see people as cognitive robots who all follow the same instincts. I'm not getting serious help with my worsening depression unless I think there is no risk of being seen naked.

You can say anything in response to this post. Thank you.