Advice for how to help/understand suicidal girlfriendHopefully this is the right sub to reach out too, mods please let me know if not.  

Tl;Dr - last 3 paragraphs (sorry about the wall of text, just wanted to get the full story out there to show I know my actions are at least part of the reason her depression is affecting her so much)  

I'm reaching out to see if anyone could help give me some advice on how to handle what my girlfriend is going through. Even if you can just share your experiences to help me understand the pain that she's feeling, I guess I hope that could help me understand why she sees no other option than to end it.  

Background - both of us are late 20's, she's been through a divorce, has a therapist and psychiatrist, no overwhelming debt or carreer problems and our relationship is 85% good, while the 15% bad times arent too extreme (as not extreme as two very stubborn people can be).  
Her depression began after her divorce but was getting better by the time we began talking. Her therapist had cut down how often her visits were and once we started had even seen the relationship as positive for her. I've had some trust issues in the past but it seems that's I've given her the space she needs to work with herself while building the trust that I never thought I'd have for someone else.  

The change - we began fighting about stupid little things. She would tell small lies to prevent a fight and I would be afraid this could lead to much larger lies. She told more, I lost trust, we fought, and she no longer could no longer really picture her dream wedding with me. She wanted full, no questions asked trust, but I needed full honest at all times.  
This led to a period of a suffocating relationship where we would fight every time that we would talk. I'd think everything was fine but she'd be dwelling on something I didn't even know was an issue. I'd try to work through it, she'd ask why I was so intent on fighting all the time, eventually she would apologize, I'd apologize, neither really knew what the cause or resolution was but we'd just want to get back to our happy, fun, loving, relationship. This was basically a weekly cycle but it kinda felt like we were working through different issues each time so I thought progress was being made. Meanwhile she began more often therapist appointments but stressed the relationship was not the problem (I obviously started suspecting it was taking a toll on her).  
After this I began submitting to many issues that would arise, I would rather back down on something I disagree with than to push her back into the depression/suicidal corner. Unfortunately this led to me bottling things up and when she would begin dwelling on something that I couldn't imagine being a problem (ie - the tone of a 3 word SMS about work) I would fight back about how stupid the topic of the fight was about.  

New year new me - for new years eve we had a very frank and honest discussion about how each of us felt and what our future could hold. This is when she told me her ex had told her 9 months ago that if she was still hurting and wanting to end it, that he would help her get whatever she needed (sympathetic type of thing, which I can't understand). She told me how much I ment to her, how sorry she was for how bad she'd messed everything up, and how her time with me was some of the greatest of her life. She said I would get a proper goodbye when the time is near but never wants me to forget this, and that it's absolutely not my fault.  
I've dated girls who's talked about suicide before but this is the first time it's sounded like someone was actually planning it. I told her how much she means to me, how id rather us not be together and her find happiness but still be here, on this earth. We talked about religion and how if it's all correct her pain and suffering would be just as terrible on the other side. Once she expressed how absolutely against breaking up she was we even talked about marriage and started planning a month long trip in the summer (this is when I thought things were getting better).  

The last 24 hours - everything since the NYE talk things were great. Every moment together was amazing and all we could talk about was our futures. *(I forgot to mention we are in a long distance relationship)*  
Then she boarded her flight to go home. While flying, landing, flying, landing, etc, we had a misunderstanding that apparently affected her very very badly (throwing up, unable to sleep, panic attacks, on flight). This led to a huge fight today mostly because I was so confused about what she was so hurt by, I'm still not sure what it was and suspect i may have mostly been fighting with the depression and not her.  

After the fight she messaged me and told me her goodbye. I tried not to freak out, and tried to calmly talk to her about everyone that cares about her and how much joy she brings us. The reasons are bring nothing but anger and sadness to everyone around her and not being able to stop the pain. I also asked her to please talk to her therapist about being at this point, see if she can offer somethibg that could help, drugs, support groups, anything, anything that helps her stop this pain but allows us that love her so much to still have her in our lives. She agreed to talk to the therapist and said she wouldn't do anything tonight, also agreed to Skype as I told her I deserve one last face to face goodbye before she does something like this.  

That's where I'm at, I don't know what to do. I don't know when to reach out to close friends/family as I know this would break her trust in me and prevent her from talking to me any further. I also don't understand this pain, I don't know how she can hurt so bad, but love life and everyone so much. She really does love life, travels all of the time, and is the most loving, passionate girl I've ever been with. But for me, I can't imagine an emotional pain that getting high/drunk all weekend wouldn't silence.  
I don't want to stand ideally by, but I don't want to overact and call in the troops when she's still working through this herself. I also really don't want to loose her trust and just wake up one morning to a call from her family that she's gone, when she may have told me that night and I could have called them and prevented it.  

So reddit, any advice/tips/stories that I could ask her to read, would be greatly appreciated. I just don't know when or how to act, this is all so new to me but I'd do literally anything and everything to save this girl and help her handle her pain. It also scares me to death to imagine loosing her.  

Edit - after looking at the sidebar I found that my talks with her about suicide have been appropriate for the most part. I've listened a lot and focused on being here for her so she isn't alone through this. While I have talked about those of us that love her, I've also focused on how I don't understand the pain that she feels and simply wish I knew a way to take it away. But that's why I'm here, I'm standing by her side through this and she knows it (which makes me tear up knowing she trusts me this much) I'm not just telling her it's going to be ok, but I just don't know how to get us to where everything will be ok. 