I'm tired of feeling trapped.I don't know where else to go with my issues - I have no one in my life and I can't find a therapist anywhere. There's nothing in my life I feel proud or happy about - everything is consumed by anxiety, sadness, fear, or desperation. I don't feel like I have control over anything in my life, I've been on the brink of either having a complete breakdown or disappearing for the longest time. I was dumb enough to move across the country for a job that I'm ill prepared for, know nothing about, and have zero energy to go to every single day. The prospect of doing this for the rest of my life fills me with so much dread, anxiety, and regret that I honestly spend most of my day thinking of horrible hypothetical scenarios that would allow me to quit and move back home. Every day I'm at work I'm convinced I'm going to be fired or yelled at - basic functions like calling or emailing people give me so much anxiety I feel like crying all the time. I took me 4 hours to make one phone call and I'm expected to make dozens. No one likes me at work - I work alone, speak to no one, hide in my corner office until my 8 hours are filled, and then go home. Once home I'm so emotionally drained all I can do is take a shower, cry, and go to bed. Repeat five days a week. By the time the weekend arrives I'm in shambles and all I can do is sit, stew, and worry about the coming work week. The anxiety starts building around 5PM on a Saturday and by Sunday night (when I'm typing this) I'm just ready to end it all.

But work is only one of my issues. I have zero social ties - no friends, no family within 3,000 miles, zero social skills or abilities to speak of. I know no one around me or have any hobbies, I've lost all interest in things that I used to do to distract me from how alone I am. I have no one to turn to when I'm sad or upset, no one understands how I feel or who I really am. Those that interact with me see a mask that I put up so they never see how hurt I actually am. I've become so estranged from the world that basic social interactions terrify me, they make me shake and feel sick. I fear that I'm far too gone now to ever be a normal person again. But what bothers me the most is that I've never been in love. I was cursed with a big heart and no one to share it with. Poor experiences and a broken soul have made me sad and distant from the world around me. I have so many dysfunctional core beliefs and neuroses about myself, so many deeply rooted and cemented pieces of self-hate embedded in my soul that I will never find love. I will be alone until I die. 

I can't quit my job or move back home - both would show the world that I am a failure and a loser. I am trapped here - meant to suffer in silence - forever. Nothing will change, nothing will get better. I can't quit my job or move back home because that will only solidify the fact that I am a loser and a failure. There's no counselors accepting new patients and if they are, they aren't available on weekends. I honestly don't even know if they would help me anyway. I don't know why I bother posting here, nothing ever changes, I just feel like I'm out of options.