They always say life gets better but my life keeps getting worse.Hi I’m me I don’t wanna say my name but I am me, I am a 15 year old girl, yes I know every fucking teenager suicidal 15 year old girl stereotype whatever. I just feel that life wasn’t meant for me idk what it is. Maybe my soul wasn’t suppose to be here and it was an accident and it’s not even in a sad way I’m not suppose to fucking be here and that’s just that. From childhood up until now I’ve had such a fucking bad life I don’t wanna toot my own horn but I should’ve killed myself a long long fucking time ago most people if they lived my life from childhood until now probably would’ve done it by now. I’m getting fed up I was waiting for some magical reason why I’m suppose to be here like an Epiphany of some sort. I told myself two years ago the same exact sympathetic bullshit some day blah blah I’ll be living my dream life I’ll be happy in a year or so, we’ll that shit never happened and now I’m at my rock bottom I guess maybe I’m writing this for some subconscious reason to find a reason why I should fucking stay when I know I shouldn’t. Everything happens for a reason, I’m just one of those people that should kill themselves. I’m a background character that kills themself and then the people I know in my life have that pivotal, “ Oh I know my purpose in life like I won’t take people and life for granted anymore because this girl in my life killed herself,” bullshit I have fucking no clue what I’m saying I’m rambling. I’ve attempted suicide many times never successfully because I’m a little bitch, the first time I was 11 I wish I would’ve committed that time I guess something inside of me wants to stay for whatever reason and I don’t fucking understand why though, I don’t fucking get it. Therapy doesn’t work for me and my mom didn’t want me to get on anti depressant meds because “ they’ll change me,” or some anti Pharma bull shit like that. I’ve went to multiple therapist but the First Lady i went too was a bitch but she said I had severe depression and anxiety but I needed to keep making appointments with her to truly get meds or tips but I hate therapy too much too. I was in two car crashes while my mom was pregnant with me and they told her both times that she should be expecting a miscarriage but I didn’t die and I fucking stayed in their my full nine months and came out healthy except mentally. I wish I had died in her body before she got attached to me, before she saw my personality and saw me happy in some parts of my childhood. Now she sees me deteriorating day by day and has no idea what to do about it because she reminisces of the memories she has of me as a little happy girl. Idek what to do now I guess this is my last chance for fucking someone to say something to change my mind the last straw before I really make up my mind idk. I’m not a danger to myself rn because if I were to ever kill myself I’d  never do it in my house where someone has to find my dead body that’s fucked and gross I wouldn’t wanna do that too anyone and since we’re quarantined you know and I can’t leave and I’d have no reason too, I’m am a child so. Idfk this is stupid but I’m just confused for now why my brain wants to live and die at the same time so bad.