So reddit, I've come to my decision.I've come to my decision reddit. This rollercoaster ride of emotions we call bipolar disorder is just unbearable. The depressing lows always outweigh the manic highs. There's literally no one in my life that wishes to help me. I can't afford to go get help, no one will support me into going to get help. I WANT HELP, but I just can't get it.  I went to people I thought were going to be there for me, and they weren't. 

Reddit, the truth is.. No one will miss me. Not a single soul. There's no one in my life at the moment who I could even consider an associate, let alone a friend who will be there for me. 

My relationships with people are so destructive, I'm constantly yelling at people unable to control the anger, if not that I'm usually crying myself to sleep. No one wants to be around that, and everyone that was at one point has proven that and has left. 

My parents are out of the picture. They never cared, only memories I have as a child is being sworn at, hit, talked down to, etc. They never supported in anything. 

So reddit, I've come to my decision. I will be ending my life - and this may come as bad news to you, but please understand that this seriously is the ONLY WAY to silence my mind. To silence all the shit that's rushing through my head all the time, all the over dramatic reactions to stupid situations, everything. I've come to accept this - and I'm ok with it. There's noone there to help - and there's no one there that cares. I know people always say "Think about the people you're leaving behind"... but truth is there is literally nobody. When I say this, I mean LITERALLY NOBODY. Nobody want's anything to do with me, and new people who meet me come to realize that as well. 

Reddit, I just wanted to thank you. Thank you so much for being there when no one else was. It feels good to be able to leave an ending note that maybe someone will read, hell maybe someone will even feel a split second of sorrow. 

Thank you again reddit.

Goodnight, and seee you on the other side. 



Edit: Guy's it's been a long day, and I've thought a lot about it, i'm going to stay strong - Thank you so much you guys, seriously. I couldn't thank you enough. It's been a long day and work was long so I'm going to go to bed. I'll be in touch tomorrow. Thank you so much again reddit. &lt;3