There's no pointI've failed to launch. I fucked up too much in life. And I'm just not intelligent. I can't even sit and write out a coherent piece that feels like it really encompasses why I want my existence to be over. Something that really feels like it's coming from the heart. I don't know what my problem is. I'm just not able to emotionally connect to anything in the outside world anymore. Not even my own writing. 

There's no point in going on. I'm never going to accomplish anything. I'm never going to be smart enough to be good at anything in particular. Shit, I really don't retain most of the information I try to learn anyways. I might as well not have gotten a high school diploma. It's not like I remember any of the shit I learned in school anyways. Not with any real clarity. I can't even remember the specifics of the skills I used to use in my previous jobs. Skills I had to study and train for, and even when I was doing those jobs I was fucking fuzzy as shit about it all. I probably damaged by brain with drugs and drinking. It doesn't matter that I've stopped all that now. The damage is done. My credit is bad. My driving record is bad. I'm in debt. I never finished school. I never got training to have a proper career. If anyone thinks I've got it in me to just deal with this shit and make those phone calls I need to make, to plan out what I'm going to do for the future, to do what I need to do to solve these issues even if there are definable solutions to them, you've got another thing coming. 

Life is impossible. I'm not willing to throw myself into the water anymore and have to choose between sinking or swimming, even if I know perfectly well how to swim. I'm not willing to deal with the situation I've gotten myself in. I'm not willing to deal with the mark of bad credit. I'm not willing to deal with having to figure out training or schooling in conjunction with how I'm going to make ends meet in order to pay my bills. I'm not willing to deal with this shit. Existence is pain. That is all it is. Having to interact with people is pain. Having to prove myself to employers is pain. Having to deal with the shame of being in my situation is pain. Waking up every morning is pain. I am not willing to no longer ruminate about life. Life is shit. I am not happy. I am not willing to try to be happy. I reject happiness. I reject the feeling of it. I reject love and care and compassion. All I will ever be is a mask to the outside world. I mask I have to wear in order to get by. A mask that probably doesn't accomplish what I need it to, because I still probably look like a little retard to everyone. I probably still look like a pathetic fucking loser. I was never born to earn the respect of others. I was born to be derided and looked down upon, for people to see me and see in themselves that they are better than me, with their intelligence , and their skill, and their passion, and their intelligence. 

There is nothing in this world. I just don't have the courage to die. But that is exactly what I need. I need the courage to put an end to this shit without feeling afraid. But I still slog on, doing the absolute bare minimum to be somewhat responsible to myself. I don't know why. I'm still afraid to die, but that doesn't mean I want to live. Life is pain. Life is torture. To get my shit together and follow through on my own life responsibly is torture. I don't want to be responsible for anything. I'm sick of my existence. There is no way I will ever be happy. It is not possible. There is nothing to be happy about. It gets harder every day trying to keep it all together in public or at work. I just don't give a shit. I do not give a shit. I'm too fucking unintelligent to give a shit. I'm too fucking unintelligent to be a functioning member of society. 

I just want to die in my sleep and not having to wake up to this reality, where I only get so many hours in the day and my shitty fucking brain to try to make my own life better; a pursuit I just don't give a shit about anymore. There is no better. Better for me is not being alive. Better for me is not having to see another person ever again. Better for me is never having to think for one second about money ever again. Better for me is to never have to think about my legal responsibilities anymore, or my responsibilities to myself. Better for me is to never have to think again about how to solve a problem. Better for me is to never have to think again about what I am going to do in order to put myself in a better situation. Better for is to never again have to lift another finger to do any task or labor. Better for me is to never have to learn anything ever again. Better for me is to be dead. Better for me is to have the courage necessary to end my life as quickly and painlessly as possible.