I’m only 13 please helpfirst of all if you are reading this thank you. It helps. This post is divided into three sections (Causes, Effects, Ways I Cope). sorry for grammar in advance. TL;DR at bottom.

Causes: Im loosing friends left and right. One of my friends groups disbanded this week. Its super stressful. Im down to 4 friends. My parents constantly yell at me for the smallest reasons. My dad keeps putting restrictions on me. I have to go to bed at 10:30. No phone past 9. The shoot down any idea I have. I want to buy something. No. I can't have any social media. They don't even know I have reddit. I feel like an outcast. Im disconnected from society. My mom's brother, his wife, and my 1 and 5 year old cousins were here for SIX WEEKS. My 5 year old cousin was so annoying. I know she's five but really. Waking me up at 6. Constantly bugging me. Calling me out on how unhealthy I am. (They raised her way better then me) I wanting to scream at them. I couldn't use my playstation for 5 weeks. I dealt with it. It was hard but I made it. Everything I do I fail at or I quit. I don't play sports. I occasionally longboard and bike. Im over weight. Its so hard to not eat bad. I've tried but failed like usual.

Effects: I barley feel anything. I feel sad, mad , or a tiny bit happy. Sometimes I will just lay on my floor not moving for 30 minutes to an hour. I cant cry. I try but I cant. Im constantly tired. I can't fall asleep it takes me 2 hours. I ignore my friends. I used to love longboarding. Now it seems like a chore. Life is going too fast. I feel like I was 10 a year ago. I constantly look back at the "Good Days". When I didn't feel like this. When I had alot of friends.

Ways I Cope: (By the way all of these are bad) If Juice WRLD didn't exist I wouldn't be here. His music has helped me so much. I can't put it in words how much it helps me. I know I can't relate to most of it but it's soothing. I actually feel kinda happy when I listen to him. I also listen to a podcast I shouldn't. I listen to the Misfits podcast(A lot of talk about drugs and stuff). Every Single Episode. I know its bad, I know I shouldn't but to me it's funny it's the only time I truly laugh. I watch way too much youtube. Im averaging around 65+ hours of screen time a week. It's unhealthy. I only actually enjoy around 2-3 hours of content I watch the rest is just my recommend section which is shit. Multiple times I could've killed my self. ( By taking too much acetaminophen). i want to but I don't want to cause pain to the people who love me. (mainly my friends). This post has gone on too long. 999

Tl:DR: I'm extremely depressed and i'm coping in unhealthy ways.