Third Time's a CharmThis will likely be my final post so it'll probably be a longer one.

&amp;#x200B;

For about 8 years now I have had depression. At first it wasn't so bad, and came in waves. I was able to get by.

The last 4 years it has gotten significantly worse at an exponential rate, making me go from being the academic who has a plan in life to a failure who barely passed the end of high school. 

n order to live one needs money, and to get money one needs a job. I don't care about have a crazy salary or anything. Really anything that lets me live decently comfortably and save for retirement would be fine. However I've run into several roadblocks over the years.

My first roadblock would be my weight. While I don't eat a lot I don't always make the most healthy choices. I have no energy to make my own food and I hate it, plus due to being brought up on fast-food and no vegetables my taste is honestly worst than most children, I cannot stand greens and even if I do force it down my body punishes me for it later. That and after going on a controlled diet for 3 months and only losing 30 pounds (much less than what I should of at my weight) it basically destroyed any will I had left.

My second roadblock is sociability. I'm just boring. My motto is always to be a minimal inconvenience and try and be as patient and nice as possible to others. But I can't hold a conversation. My interests are niche and I don't have the natural craving for social-interaction so I just end up ghosting people or not saying anything. While people like to say that's fine, I have literally lost interviews because I can't talk about popular TV shows I don't care about, and I'm just unenthusiastic in general.

The final roadblock is depression. This has ruined me. I've lost my smarts, I've worsened my weight, it really has taken two requirements for life and pushed them out. I don't have the energy to fight the weight anymore, it's not going up, but it's not going down. I've said this in previous posts but even if depression didn't exist for me suddenly I'd be 2+ years away from being healthy, which is just too much time I don't have do dedicate to that. I've also lost all interest in everything, so I don't even know what I want to do for a living at all, and my attempts to find careers have all been futile.

At this point in life I'm really just done. I'm only 20 but there's nothing left for me to do. I've tried reaching out to others to see if a job exists where I don't need to be social, fit, or smart, but you basically need at least one of those to get one. They usually say "oh you don't need to be like friends with your co-workers, just nice" or "you'd be surprised how smart you actually are". No. I have experience to back my points, it's not just in my head. Sure you may not need to be friends with your co-workers, but a lot of people equate being nice to being personable. My grades, and my ability to interview have shown me enough about my smarts. Plus I as I've said I don't have the energy in interest in doing a smart-person job anyways.

So as the title suggests this is my third time trying. This time I'm changing the method to something with a better success rate. Bye everyone,  I hope you all find your place in the world, where I could not.