There is no point of anything.I’ve been struggling with feelings of suicide for over 7 years now. I fucking hate being on this planet, and for WHAT. We literally all die in the end anyway, and this planet is disgusting. I love and respect Mother Nature, but us piece of shit humans have made it unbearable. No one even fucking likes me except for my mom and even then, I know she loves me but I don’t think she truly likes the person I am. I have no friends, no one. I didn’t get a ‘Merry Christmas’ text today because I have no one to receive them from, I’m Jewish but it’s just me wanting someone to acknowledge my existence and care. Now I’m just laying in bed, because what the fuck else is there to do during a pandemic. I wake up, sometimes eat, go to work, and then smoke weed until I pass out. It’s the same shit cycle everyday I can’t break and I don’t want to do this anymore. I OD’ed last Christmas and almost died and I really hurt my mom despite me not thinking I would, which is a reason why I did it. If she didn’t care so much then I wouldn’t be here. I hate it I hate it I hate it. I have no motivation to do anything with my life- I’m only 17 and I want nothing more than for my existence to be vanquished. BuT yoU haVe sO MucH pOtenTiAl aNd a LoNG liFe aHeaD oF yOu. So what, there’s no point to life but to make the most out of it but when you have no one and repel others, what’s the point if you have no one to spend it with. I could have friends and relationships, but everyone around my age is so dumb, naive, and artificial. We don’t get along. I just want to relax on a beach somewhere and be left the fuck alone, I would if I had the funds but life’s a bitch and it doesn’t come that easy. I have no idea or direction, I’m supposed to be taking the PSATs next month but honestly with the daily smoking for years now and me not being in school anymore due to quarantine and being able to do whatever the fuck I want since I’m online, I’ve forgotten everything and killed my brain cells. I have so much more to say but this is already enough for the 3 people who’ll see it to read.