For all the young people out there....So first off, this isn't an attention whoring post or anything. I'm browsing these threads and seeing a lot of young people feeling like they've got nothing left for them so I want them to know it'll be ok. Hopefully this could be encouraging to someone. This could get long.....

When I was 15, I developed depression. I remember crying in the kitchen one night and telling my mom that I wanted to die. Went to therapy, got the pills and all that. I'm almost 26 now and am not currently medicated. I was sent to a mental hospital for a couple weeks a few years ago and I've been on several types of medication. I'm still here and life just keeps getting better :)

Thats what I'm trying to say, here. I know everyone else says it and when you're young, you don't want to hear it, but it does get better. As you grow up, you get more control over your life. I've loved, been loved, hated my job, all that. They all get easier to deal with. Yes, it still hurts. Yes, I still have my depression to deal with, but when you realize you aren't "broken", that you just need a little jump start that most other people don't need, those little things that seem impossible and terrifying aren't all that bad.

A tip to those who think finding that special person will make everything better (because I've been there): This sounds cold, but you need to figure out yourself before assuming this is the answer. I put everything I had into a girl (zing), and made the huge mistake of telling her she was all I had to live for.  PEOPLE ARE NORMALLY FREAKED OUT BY THIS!!! Also, when we were breaking up I told her I wanted to kill myself. This is just as much emotional abuse as threatening her life. Don't do it. I'm single now, with nothing coming my way anytime soon, but it's ok. Because my life is for me. Someday I'll share it, but for now, I'm content. Don't live for someone else. It just puts unfair stress on them. 

The point I'm trying to make is that I'm still here. 10 years ago, I was praying that I could just never wake up again and sobbing myself to sleep, but now I'm a normal functioning adult that people respect and appreciate. Every day isn't easy. I still have my times when I question it, but I've experienced so many wonderful things and have alot left to do. Find the little things that help keep you going. I know you can do it.

I'd really appreciate it if other people who've been struggling a long time were to add to this. I'm really happy theres a place for people to talk openly like we can.

TLDR: I've fought suicidal thoughts for a long time and I'm still alive and loving it. You can do it, too! 