A note for all of you people who feel bad and a thank you to everyone in this sub! Wall of Text inside.Hello!

I've had a tough life. My cousin died when I was 12. I never really had a talk with my dad. My brothers wont talk to me... I got raped at age 10.

I've been depressed for 4 years today. It all started when I was in 8th grade and I met this girl. We started to talk everyday and I knew that something was going to happen between us. After 2 months something DID happen. we kissed. And it was one of the most amazing moments in my life. This was the first girlfriend I ever had and I couldnt be happier. 

We were together for 9 months. She dumped me. I was like '' Hey... Shit happens, You will feel better''. I didnt. Later that month I picked up WoW and I played it all alone all day long. I skipped school, I didnt eat, I didnt shower, I didnt even go to my brothers birthday, and I really regret that.

Back then I was that quiet kid. I didnt talk during classes and when we had lunch I saw alone in the hall on a bench just waiting until the day is over. Then I went home and played WoW all day until 4pm.
 I listened to a lot of metal, metalcore such as Of Mice &amp; Men, Woe is me etc etc .... 

Fast forward to 9th grade. I had a friend, named Robin and he was awesome. He was all I had actually. We played WoW together and sometimes we actually went outside together to eat.  Things started to go smooth. I started to go to school againi and all that. 

Shit started to happen In school. I got beaten up everyday because I was ''gay'' but I'm not, we were just very good friends... I didnt want to tell the teachers what happened to my books and why I came late to class everyday because I didnt want to get in trouble. 

this is where stuff started to get bad.... I found out that Robin was moving away.... He said '' I'm moving in 14 days'' .. I didnt know what to do... He was all I had left, without him I would be that lonely guy again. I couldnt take it....Later that year I started to cut myself... I couldnt just wear T-Shirts anymore... My left arm is ruined, there are scars everywhere and they remind me of the past and that it gets better. 
I still remember those days where we sat on that bench outside school and laughed about just random stuff....just about anything. I havent talked to him in 1½ year....



It felt good for about 3 months until I saw her... I saw her with another guy. I just wanted to cry. I thought I was over her but I wasnt! I didnt realize how much I needed her in my life until then. 
most people might think this is pathetic but whatever. Since I have social anxiety and can barely talk to people that girl was a huge deal for me, I told her everything and she was the only one I could trust. 



She signed me up to some meetings and all that and I thought why not, you know....
I started to go to meeting every friday for 3 years.

I'm now on some heavy medication and been that for the past half year. 
Whenever I see that girl or hear her name I cry, because she reminds me of how much I have changed since then. But I don't care! This is who I am! I've been writing a couple of posts on this subbreddit and been seeking help thanks to you guys. 

I'm starting to get my shit together now... I've called Robin, I've quit WoW, and as I said im on medication.
I want all of you to know that it will get better... After all I've been through I want you to know that you're never alone, I'm with you at all times. 

Goodnight.
