Im not about to kill myself now but I'm scared of how close I've come lately. I don't want anyone to talk me down, I just want to know if anyone feels the way I do.Last night is the fifth time in the past month that I have come extremely close to pulling the trigger.  I am always in a more clear state of mind the day after.  Ill give you some background first.  I have been depressed for the past 2 years and was just diagnosed by a therapist a month ago because my friends were worried about me and made me go.  I haven't been back since because I am convinced that it only made me worse.  I lost my dad to suicide last year.  My dad was mentally ill and put me through a lot in my lifetime but he was still my best friend.  He was the only person who could make me feel as if I matter.  He was the only person who ever truly understood me.  I was already depressed for a year when he passed away and it only got worse.  I have lived the past year in fear that my life would end up like his and that makes me feel like life is not worth living.  I feel like I am going to end up alone and mentally ill and my anxiety and depression will take me over.  I want to die before it comes to that.  Heres what Ive been struggling with lately:  I have lots of friends who go above and beyond to prove that they love me and care about me but there is something in me that can not accept that anyone truly loves me for who I am.  Its like on a base level, I know that these people love me and care about be but I can not absorb it.  They do so much for me but every time I am extremely suicidal,  I think about them to give me a reason to stay alive but I think about it and begin to feel as if my death would not affect them.  I feel as if I do not matter.  There is one friend in particular who I have talked to about this and Ive called him a few times when I was thinking about suicide but I feel as if Im guilt tripping him and fishing for compliments when Im not.  When I talk to people, Im not asking for them to prove their love for me because I know that it is my own problem.  I hate everything about myself so much that it is impossible for me to believe that anyone likes me or accept any form of love.  I hate how I look, I dont think Im funny,  I constantly feel as if I am a burden, I find myself to be annoying,  I am too quiet,  I am driven by my own anxiety, and I don't look at myself as human,  I feel as if I am a lesser species than any other person.  I know that all of my problems are with myself and no one else can fix them, thats why I feel bad talking to my friends about them.  I feel as if I would be worrying them about something they can not fix and making them feel responsible when I do take my own life.  I am not looking for advice.  I just want to know if anyone feels the same.