I've been putting it up for a long time, but tomorrow I am finally going to do it. I am going to swallow every single pill in the house and end it.It took so long for me to realize it. *Is it really -that- bad?* But I've finally come to accept my faith.


For a long time, I thought I had friends. Many even. But it made sense to me eventually. Though my friends mean a lot to me, I am nobody to them. I am invincible to them. Never is there a point when they think, "Hey. I should probably hang out with Hugo!", they never call me or ask me to hang out with them.


And that's fine, frankly. I don't blame them. I am a horrible person. I get on everone's nerves all the time, thinking I am being funny. I am constantly sarcastic, but above all; I can never seem to maintain a relationship with anyone. If ever I meet someone new, they simply seem to *fade away* from me. Maybe because they're avoiding me, or because I unwillingly am avoiding them. I don't know.


And now you're probably gonna say "please stay man! you have dreams to follow!"


That's wrong. I have a dream. I want to become a music producer and writer. For such a long time I've been living inside this little bubble that tells me that I have a chance, but really, I don't. Everyone produces music all the time nowadays. I am no one in comparision to the rest whom want to become producers.


Last but not least; here in sweden it is tradition to wear a certain hat when you're taking your exam. I don't have a hat yet. I asked in the school forum where to buy one for cheap, and I could feel the whole school laughing at me. Also I have failure-warnings in some of my courses which also sucks. Also my mom hates me. Also my dad left me a couple of years ago for someone else. And one of my best friends is slipping away from me.


I am killing myself tomorrow. People are gonna hear about it, and they're gonna say "Ah, I knew he was gonna do that. I'd do it too."


I think that's a pretty obvious cue right there.


EDIT: I should probably mention this; as I am writing this my girlfriend is sitting in front of me. I have told her the same as I've written, though she just sits there, drawing on a piece of paper. She gives absolutely zero shits about me. That alone is almost a sole reason for suicide, I think.