My life is so hard and there's nothing I actually find interesting/enjoyable enough to live forI'm 27, have BPD, anxiety, major depression, and PTSD. Currently in therapy and have been for the past 2 years, but still, trying to just function pushes me to limits of my being on half the days of my life and for the other half I'm just "okay". I have loved (and am currently in a loving relationship), had a lot of great sex, had a lot of genuinely good friends, good relationship with my siblings, and all the things that is supposed to make life rewarding. It has not been. Ultimately these things have left me feeling empty, and usually the effort it takes to maintain these things is more of a pain than any of it is pleasurable. 

Just today I turned down hanging out with my two siblings because I had hung out with one of them recently and compared to the struggle of getting up, eating, showering, shaving, doing my makeup, getting my clothes on, driving there, then driving back, it was all more trouble than it was worth. I had a good time, we talked and laughed and played games, but whatever sense of satisfaction people are supposed to feel from these things, I don't. The same applies to everything else. Nothing brings me any sense of gratification. Meanwhile, life is fucking hard. On top of that, I've also been on disability for the past 2 years and haven't worked since 2015. Before that, I was really good at sales, but with all my current issues there is no way in hell I could ever work up the fierce determination required for that industry (nor would I want to because sales sucks ass). So all my skills are in something I can no longer do and I haven't worked in 3 years. The "things money can't buy" haven't helped me be satisfied, and the things money -can- buy I don't believe I can actually have.

I look at my list of responsibilities and think "I just don't want to." I'd much rather it all burn to the ground with me in it.

Despite all my efforts with therapy, and medication, and legitimately good life improvement books, not a month goes by where there isn't a day I wish my first suicide attempt had worked. If I had a gun right now I'd probably use it.