My friend is slowly getting worse and has made threats to kill himself. I'm not sure what steps to take.Hi everyone. Best wishes to everyone and I'm so sorry that anyone has to go through what you all have gone through. I myself have thankfully been able to get out of my own depression and am now in a better place.

My friend, however, just seems to be getting worse.

He's only 18. Just turned 18 a few months ago, actually. Lately, he's been making threats (I wouldn't call them threats... but... the word that I'm looking for escapes me) and saying things like "if my dad's gun case wasn't locked I don't know what I would do" and things of that nature very very openly to me. He said once that he might do it soon if things don't get better. I ask him why and he says "I just can't deal with it anymore."

He's been very reckless lately. When he was younger at around 14 or so he got his hands on some strong prescription pain killers and benzodiazepines which he stole from family and his parents. Ever since then he's *loved* the idea of getting more. He hasn't tried any pharmaceutical opiates in years but I guess for some people the feeling just can't ever be forgotten.

Then he found out about Kratom. Kratom is great and for responsible users it's a godsend. I use it myself every once in a while and it's fantastic. Great for pain and sleep.

Ever since he got some he's started abusing it. It started out as something he did every once in a while but within a week he had said "f it" and started using it every time something went wrong in his life. He uses it as a crutch, if you will.

One day I passively mentioned phenibut and then he suddenly ordered some. I deeply regret that. He abuses this now too. Phenibut is a nootropic that has anti-anxiety characteristics. It's notorious for its rebound anxiety and withdrawal after being abused.

I honestly don't know how much he's used of Phenibut but he's had some pretty bad anxiety now that he says he's off of it.

Now he has been talking about getting some strong pharmaceutical opiates again. I tried to tell him that that road might not lead him to happiness and that he could prossibly be worse in the long run but he just retorted with "isn't the goal of life to have as much fun as possible and be as happy as possible?" I tried to reason with him and say "no, the goal is the be fully happy with the situation you're in without the use of substances." I may have been wrong; it's fine to seek help from substances. But he hasn't seen a psychiatrist or anything so at this point he's self medicating-- and poorly at that.

He's always struggled with depersonalization/derealization as well. And he says it's been getting worse. In my opinion, I think the substances he's been testing with may be making him worse in the long run.

He doesn't seem to *want* help though. There's other stuff that I won't list here one of which I think could possibly be messing up his brain's dopamine system but he doesn't even want to try stopping it. I mean, if it could help and you're pretty desparate, why not? But I'm not him and he's probably in a completely different headspace than I'm in.

Also, he has a LOT of anxiety stemming from the fact that he'll need to be going to college soon and honestly I feel like he's still very much a kid inside. His parents gave him the option of waiting one year but he saw his other friend just decide not to go to college after getting a well-paying job during his gap year.

Reading through this post I'm pretty sure that I'm not looking at all of this from the right perspective. It's been a long time since I was in a situation similar to his so I'm having trouble "putting the shoes on the other foot" so I apologize.