exhaustedi don’t know what else to do at this point. Ever since I was a little kid I’ve struggled with depression— way sooner than the average depressed teen. Every since elementary school, I’ve been having thoughts about wanting to go.

When I was a teenager it was anger. I wanted to die to spite all the people who hurt me so terribly. I was hurting so deeply that I wanted to make everyone else regret what they had done to me. I wanted to make them all suffer for the rest of their lives knowing that my death lay firmly on their shoulders. 

Now, I’m just tired. I’m exhausted. I used to have hope that one day, things would get better and I would make it through. Now, I’m stuck, alone after a relationship that ended rottenly. Found out he never even really loved me to begin with, was telling our friends I was doing things that I swear, I wasn’t doing. Told everyone I cheated, when I don’t even think there’s anyone else who’d like me enough to cheat *with* me. Now a whole bunch of our friends won’t talk to me either, and I feel so isolated. 

I just want to be loved. I want to be loved, and it doesn’t have to be romantic, but I want to be loved. I want to be able to be broken and be enough at the same time. I want to lay with someone, have them wipe off my face and tell me I’m doing alright— but I don’t want it to be strained or awkward or uncomfortable. I just want to be allowed to exist, wretched as I am, and have someone else okay with that. 

I feel like I’m suffocating. I try to call the hotlines and stuff, but they always leave me feeling more miserable and desperate than before. Emptier. Pathetic. I can’t go to my friends— they don’t deserve the weight of my struggle on their consciousness. I want to bring them love and happiness. I don’t want them to have to struggle with carrying me through my low. 

My spirals keep getting worse, and keep lasting so much longer. I just want to be loved. I just want to get help. I’ve tried therapy so many times, but I don’t know what I’m doing wrong. I try to be honest and open. I listen close, I do my best to take the advice— but when I tell my psychiatrist that I don’t think my meds are working because I’m experiencing severe side effects (intense suicidal thoughts, insomnia, loss of libido, physical aches and pains), he just waves it off and tells me they’re doing fine. I don’t have a lot of money, and I’m trying so hard not to be a burden, but I feel like it’s all I do. 

God I’m so lonely, and I’m so tired. I... logically, I don’t want to die, but death sounds so soothing. Just ceasing to exist, being allowed to finally rest. It’s been ten years of fighting to find my will to live, and no matter what I do I get knocked back on my ass. I’ve never even fucking used reddit before today, but. I heard about this thread and was desperate enough to make one. 

I don’t know what I’m looking for anymore. Really, I’m just looking for peace and quiet. Somewhere dark to just spend the rest of eternity, where I can’t be hurt anymore, and I can’t hurt anyone else.