I wish I wasn't too weak to kill myself.I'm too fucking stupid to go to college, even though I want to. I can barely afford anything. My phone is dying and I can't get a new one. I don't want to be locked in my house from this fucking virus and be unable to communicate with literally anyone. I'm too fucking stupid to drive anywhere without maps, and I need it for the workplace that pays someone who emotionally abuses and neglects mentally disabled people twice what I make (minimum wage). This is the only job I'm compenetent enough to maintain.

When I get outed as being trans, my dad has made it clear he would/will disown me. Which means that the financial support they do lend me (health insurance and meds) will be cut off. I'm trying to go to a gender therapist, but half the time I have to cancel or reschedule because I don't have the money. 

I can't talk about any of my issues with my friend, because they have their own issues. I don't have any other friends. I can't even find a fucking relationship because I look disgusting, and whatever it is I know there's something wrong with my personality.

If work is canceled because of coronavirus, there will be no way for me to pay rent or buy food. If it isn't, the people there are really unsanitary. We try, but any time one of them gets sick, everyone else does. My brother, the only one I can actually talk to, has a very weak immune system, and asthma, so if I catch it, and give it to him, I killed him. Even then he's likely to catch it and die.

I always wind up in debt. As soon as I pay it off, something breaks, or something bad happens, and I end up even more broke than before.

The best part is that I'm too fucking weak to even go through with killing myself. I hate myself. I hate this world because there is no love or compassion anymore. My dad is a fucking neo nazi. I'm terrified that I've messed up a ton and made my roomates hate me, because I accidentally burned a hole in the carpet. I smoked weed in the yard but left the door open, so the wind blew it inside and flooded the air vent, making the house reek. Nothing I ever do goes right. Any time I try to escape, it gets ruined.

I wish I could at least believe in a God so that it would be less scary, but of course I have to know that there's no such thing. I'm just so sick or this and I'm too weak to kill myself. I hate it, I hate it, I hate it. Nobody responds to these threads, and for some reason that makes me even more upset. But there's just no hope anymore, and I wish I could die.