I wrote my suicide letter.I don't know if I'll use it but right now I am very close. Four months ago when the thoughts started I was convinced that I could never get to the point that I would actually want to kill myself. Now I have a plan, the tools, and this letter and I don't feel safe. At this moment I don't see a single reason to live, I am only here because of the little that's left of my survival instinct.

&gt;I am awkward and scared and a coward. I have an easy life and loving people around me yet I still feel pain and anxiety and fear. I would trade my life for anyone else's, because anyone else would be a better person than me. Anyone else would understand the value of this life and use it for good. I can't. I know dying would cause others pain yet I still want to do it. That makes me a bad person, and I deserve to die anyways.

&gt;Some people aren't cut out for living. I don't feel like I belong here. I don't feel like anyone could ever understand. I just don't have the ability. I try and I can't do. I try and all I feel is pain.

&gt;This is nobody's fault but mine. I am lucid. I have made the decision to kill myself. I do not know if I will succeed, but I do not intend to survive. My last wish is that nobody blame anyone for this. This is just me. These are my problems and I haven't been able to deal with them and that's my fault because I'm weak and stupid. Nobody else is responsible. I am.

&gt;The world is cruel but has treated me well, it is me who has failed you.

I post here because I have nobody to share my thoughts with, I have nowhere else to turn. I truly feel alone and disconnected from others, I don't have a single person in my actual life that I could share this with, and at this point I am not strong enough to deal with it only myself. I have a total inability to speak to others in real life and so I have not told anyone, not gotten therapy, have not even been considered for it. I'm too weak to change that. I want to die. I don't think I'll do it tonight (2 in the morning) but there's not much more I can take. A few days maybe, and if I can't deal with this I'll have to use the letter.