A vent: I’m so tired. I have a constant looming fear that my thoughts will return even stronger than before.2019 was the first year since 2010 that I didn’t have any suicidal thoughts.


It felt so strange. Being able to wake up without having an urge to want to kill myself. Going on throughout my day, being able to eat, watch a movie, go on a walk, shower, play games, workout, go to work and lie down at night without the random intrusive thoughts creeping up and overwhelming me. The thoughts used to be so overwhelming that sometimes it was so hard to leave bed or want to do anything, this would go on for a day, or sometimes multiple, every once in a while almost a week.


In the past, every time there was a major traumatic event it would make my thoughts go into overdrive. I would feel extremely dissociated and felt like I wasn’t even myself. The best way I could describe it is it would get so bad that it felt like I was living and watching my life go by from behind a glass window. Almost like I wasn’t in control of my own body but merely strapped in as a passenger and going along for the ride. I would feel like I’m teleporting. I would be doing one thing, and then all of a sudden I would be doing something else, somewhere else. I would try to think of how I got from point A to B but by the time I realize it, I’m already at point H 8 hours later. My day would feel like I blinked my eyes and it was already over. My short term memory was shot.


I have tried to commit suicide once before but failed. The next time I had a detailed plan on how I would try again, but chose to not go through with it. Coming very soon will be another major negative change, a monument in comparison to the others, and I’m deeply concerned on how I may react. What if they come back and I’m not strong enough to fight, if I’m just too tired to fight. I think I will get through it, I truly do, but what if I’m wrong. The aspect of uncertainty bothers me.


I cut myself again for the first time in a while, I just can’t cope. I wake up crying now. I go to work and cry randomly, sometimes if I mistype a password or sometimes when I use the restroom. I cry when I drive, during a workout, in the shower, when I lie down at night. I used to sleep whole days away just to avoid my thoughts but then even my dreams began to haunt me. There’s nowhere to go anymore.


My friends and family love me. I have told a couple lies that can be taken as completely valid as to why I can’t go see them. They believe me now, but I’m sure they’ll catch on soon to something being off. Why i’m always busy whenever they want to hangout. Why all my social media accounts have all been deactivated. Why I’m unresponsive to any attempt to contact me. I don’t want them to worry about me nor do I want their pity. They all have their own lives and struggles to worry about. Even my closest friends that I trust my life with do not know just how far down this rabbit hole I am, they can’t know. It’s tiring to go out and be viewed as the funny person when I know it’s all just an act, even though I know I don’t have to do this, but I probably do it to cope. I’m tired and I don’t want to burden anyone anymore. I’m so tired and just want to be alone.


If you’re still reading this, thanks for reading. I don’t have anyone to tell this to and I don’t know where else to put it. I wish you all the best of luck out there.