I am tired of being tired. Please don't judge.I have been fighting for 40+ years to manage my life and I am at the point where I think it is time to check out. I don't have any family left, and I am just suffering. I have good days when life is great, but the up and downs have been terrible. I pull it together, get back to work, and then fall apart, ending up on the street. This weekend I will be on the street again. I don't have money for rent and have been trying to put together money all week to no avail with odd jobs. The weather has been raining and it hasn't helped. I am not going to kill myself today. I want to plan it so it is painless for myself and also I don't shock anyone. I will be on the street this weekend. I don't want to cause trauma to the police or anyone that would find me. I would love to go to a country where they have doctor assisted suicide, but I have only $30 to my name, not the $30,000 I need to travel and do it like that. I am not in crisis today. I am just done. I have had 100+ jobs in my life. I have tried many medications, and I go up and down like a powerless boat in the ocean. Please don't judge people who may choose to end their life. I am open to answers and it would be better if people didn't kill themselves, but it's just I am tired of the pain of life. I have had a good life in other ways. I am focusing on the good things, the sunrises and sunsets, the loves of my life and the things and experiences that were good. But I am not going to suffer anymore. I would appreciate any ideas from people so that when I do end my life, I can do it without harming others, and that will cause no pain to myself. I don't want my final act to be painful to myself. I have suffered enough. I hope the younger people I read about on here find answers and try. I have been trying for 40 years to find solutions and nothing changes. You young people often do find solutions, give yourself another 10 years in case you can find the answers, many do. It makes me sad to plan this, but I am older, in my 40's and enough is enough. 