heyFirst of all, I'm sorry for my probably bad english. I'm a 18 yo french girl, and well, frenchs aren't deemed to be good for english talking. I also don't know how to begin this text.
I just feel lost. Useless. Writting that, I feel like those shitty teen who just need bags of intention. I went on an english website I discovered with the story of Leelah Alcorn ( rest in peace ) and now I'm just writting here because I have nobody else to talk about how I feel.
I feel very alone. When I was 11/12 yo I had " friends ". I was happy to have friends in school but at the end of the year, my " best friend " told me " Well I don't want to see you, i don't really like you ". I had a very lonely summer, but next September she came and told me she was sorry for everything and we should be friend. As a naive 12 yo girl I was sooo happy. But the same thing happened. Worst. All my supposed friends told me they've never loved me, that I was a kind of pathetic girl you stay with becauce otherwise she will have no friend. I was shy, I was dissociable but I wanted a true friendship and not just pity. They started make fun of me, I was a new user of Facebook and I got a lot of hate messages on it. Those girls was telling everyone not to be my friend and told rumors about me. At this age, people trust everything and are stupid. I wanted to die young, before my 30 yo. I spent my 13 year alone, drawing in the corridor of the school. 
Drawing. This is something in love, something I always loved. And I had a dream, using my drawing for my job. I wanted to become a tattoo artist. And well, it's still my dream but I know I can not become one. My parents don't like that, really. My dad doesn't really talk about it because we don't talk seriously when we talk, we laugh together but I will never talk of my feelings with him. I just can't. But for my mother it's different. Everything has to be perfect. Is tattooartist something perfect ? Not for her. She always told me it's a shame, it's a job for stupid druged people. What a open mind. 
I started having an imaginary friend who understood me. I named him Vincent. I was always thinking about situations he could be in, with me. It made me happy and sad at the same time because I know a guy like him couldn't exist. I still tkinks a lot about him today and I think I'm ridiculous because I'm just thinking about someone who doesn't exist I created 5 years ago... The age I wanted to die to went to 27 to before my 20s. I wanted to die young because I couldn't imagine my future alive.
Then, I started wearing dark clothes and from 13 to 15 yo I was a stereotype of a dark teen sad who just cut herself. But I was really sad, I was ashamed but I needed to. I made friends but I've never managed to love them with all of my heart. They were a little fake. Talking to me about their problems or to have a draw, but when I wanted to talk about my feelings, subject changed.
The best friends I met were people I met on the web. But my best friend stopped talking to me when I had my first boyfriend because she doesn't like her friends to be in a relationship, she feels rejected. But I've never rejected her, she did it to me.
Talking about my first boyfriend, he was a fucking bastard. He took advantage of me because I'm such a weak person. I made me smoke a lot of weed when I didn't smoke a lot to control me. He managed perfectly but weeks later I left him because I understood he was already cheating on me and using me. I started thinking about killing myself and not waiting until 20 years old.
At 16, I was more happy. I had some friends because I went in a new school, a school to learn visual communication and art. I was so happy to meet people who had art interest like me. But in my head, something was still sad. Like if I could never be totally happy, suicidal tought came to my mind anyway. I was not feeling usefull being alive.
I had a boyfriend, but well I left him after I learnt he was showing his dick to girls online. Sick. The more the time passed, the less I could trust people. 
People at my school became the people I loved the more. They're so cool. They think I could be a good tattoo artist. We laugh a lot together. But, I don't know why, I can't feel well even with that. I can't talk about my feelings to them and I never benefit totally.
My 17 years was the "best". I had a boyfriend from my school and I love him, teachers compliment me a lot and I learned to separate the good from the bad friends. But I'm never sure of me. My self estim is low anyway. Now I have to decide what I will do next year. My mother wants me do to great artschools, but I just wan't to have draws lessons to improve my drawings and then start procedure to become a tattoo artist. But she doesn't accept this. So I will probably do something I don't want. 
I didn't talk about everything because I don't know how to. I'm also very skinny now. I don't feel anorexic but eating is bland to me. My stomach is full very fast and it's been months I didn't eat something I found very good, but I eat the same things than always so I don't know why. I measure 160 centimeters for 40 kilograms.
When I was 12 yo, at the same time girls bullied me, my older brother ( 6 yo more than me ) had problems with alcool addiction. I was always angry, he was screaming at me I was useless, stupid.. My mother feared him so she didn't tell anything when he was doing that. He even threatened to hit me with a baton.
Add this, plus fake friends who bullied you, plus a mother who is ashamed of you because of your clothes and tastes and you get a suicidal teen. really.
Now, my brother is 24, he stills lives at home but he doesn't drink. Now, he's addicted to cannabis. Less angry, just a stone thief who steals money to my parents to buy weed. Well.
Now, it's about two weeks I'm 18. My birthday was sad. I had to go to a Trance party with my friends and my bf but well at the last moment no one wanted to so I canceled plans for my birthday. I tought about killing myself this day. Like every other day. There is NO day WITHOUT THINKING ABOUT KILLING MYSELF.
I jsut don't know what to do, I don't feel like controling myself. I'm just a sad entity waiting for freedom and true happiness but knowing I will never reach it. I just can't be happy with myself.
Is life worth living when you just have nothing that make you feel alive ?
Thanks for reading. It's blur and bad writing but I just needed to express myself.