the end is before meI am a 51 year old gay male. I have been living with depression for a very long time and I am now suicidal. This is an excerpt from my life's story and what brought me here today. 


Thirty years ago I was in a relationship with, lets call him (B). (B) and I met and rapidly fell in love with each other. Everything was great at first but this little something crept up and became a wedge that drove us apart. Things got pretty bad and one day I ended it with (B). It killed me to do so, but I couldn't go on feeling trapped. 


From my perspective (B) was unable to trust me because I was a stoner and he wasn't. And he took objection to several of my stoner friends. I was unwilling to compromise and continued to hang out with my friends and lying to (B) about it, and he lost more trust in me and eventually things went really sour and enough was enough. It had nothing to do with not loving him anymore, which is what made the break up so painful for me. I am sure (B) would say I chose something I loved more than him and I wont really argue this. 


I never stopped loving (B). I just pushed it down and out of my mind. I enrolled in tech school to better my employment situation, and called him when I was done, but he told me this guy Carl was moving in. so I pressed on with life and continued to email him every now and then to see what he was doing. At the same time I was letting my health go. I stopped going to the doctor regularly, and stopped caring about myself. The only thing I wanted was to go back and undo this mistake and get (B) back, but again, he moved on and it looked more and more like over was over. I grew more depressed, cared even less about myself and the world and withdrew even further from life. I tried seeking relationships with others, but nothing felt the same, or felt right and people were rather harsh and cruel to me on so many occasions I just gave up. The only thing I wanted was (B). I eventually emailed (B) again, and his reply indicated he was getting married or had gotten married. That was it as far I was concerned. (B) and I would never try again and I totally gave up on life. I looked ahead and saw my senior years as a coming hardship that I didn't want to endure. My decaying health became a safety blanket in the face of what felt like oncoming doom. And I lived in this depressed state for a long time hoping I would die sooner rather than later. 


Then I got a email from (B) indicating he was going through a divorce. As the child of divorced parents my heart went out to him. I didn't like seeing him in pain, turns out, I still love him. As he was in a very vulnerable state I kept the fact that I have longed for a second chance from him. Didn't want to confuse the situation. We kept talking and talking and eventually it came up and I told him in a round about way that I was excited that the possibility might be there and tried leaving it at that. We continued to talk and my failing health came to light, my failing mental health came out and he really wants to help me, which only made me think more and more about what I had hoped for for years. A second chance. But then something happened. He joined a dating site and met someone and I found myself overwhelmed with a sense of jealousy, even after all this time, and fear, that the only thing I've wanted was going to slip away again. I'm not supposed to be feeling this so I naturally don't tell him. The more he talks about meeting prospects, the worse and worse I feel. The one thing I held onto for the last thirty years began slipping out of my hands. 


Now I fear I have made a mess of it. Some outbursts while texting have all but ruined any hope I held of a second chance. It was like watching it fall though my fingers as it happened and I was only able to watch it, like in slow motion. This is why I am here now. The only thing I ever wanted is now truly gone. Ruined because I spent so much time wallowing in self pity that I can't have a meaningful conversation without descending into madness and I feel like this is it, I have no more reason to go on living. The world has gone completely black and lifeless. I don't want anyone else. I don't want to suffer through my senior years. I don't want to be alone anymore. So yesterday, in a moment of clarity, as the supports that have held me up fell away, I decided my life will end, and that is why I am here now. 
