My life, my feelings, I'm lost.I don't know what to write, but I'll start by saying I won't be disclosing my gender nor my age.  


I'll also be writing this as it all comes to my head.  


For the last year I've dated a person whom in the beginning made me very happy to the core. Now that I look back on it we faded away from each other. Nearing the end of that relationship they actually became very suicidal, threatening to kill themselves if I ever left them (They never made the choice to get help even after me begging them to). The relationship got very toxic so I left them and told their family immediately. They're doing fine now.  


Now we are caught up to current events. I've been single for a month and I wanted to try and just meet new people and date people. I didn't want to busy myself in a hole and get even more sad and depressed. I met with extremely lovely person, they were the most innocent thing I've ever seen, not a bad bone in their body. We hit it off really well over text for the whole day, we lived in a small town so I didn't see the harm in asking to meet up for coffee or a movie. This is where things started to quieten down, I'm sure most people are just thinking "you only just started talking" and you'd be somewhat correct, but at the time I was at a fairly emotional stage dealing with Bi-polar. I was in a manic state and very well you know... So it's the next day, I wake up and I'm fairly excited to talk to them more. Ask them questions about their hobbies etc. I start to get little to no reply, often just being ignored completely. (No I wasn't spamming them with messages) I a few times "Am I doing something wrong?" or "I hope I'm not being a pain" well about 30 minutes ago, I go to message them to see if maybe she was just busy, this was about 2 hours later. Turns out they completely blocked me from every single social media, I'm currently dumbfounded and to be quite honest, very very hurt?   


Sorry I know to some this might all seem fairly pathetic, and normally I'd just shake my head and brush it off, But this time it really just... fucking hurt? It almost makes me feel like a totally failure, like someone who can't even manage social interactions?  


&amp;#x200B;