Completely overwhelmed againHi all.
I'm really struggling today.  

Background of me:  I'm in my late 30s.  I quit my job as a director about a year-and-a-half ago because the person in the position above me was a bully and made my life miserable. I have a tendency to run from situations rather than fighting them. I have no self-confidence so jobs with any above average stress are horrible for me.  

I'm now going back to school (for a masters) to completely change my career (library science) but I'm starting to think I don't like the track within my major (health information services).  The health library field seems to be the most stressful of the concentrations but it is also the only one that seems to have security and opportunities in this day and age.  I know that can be an easy change (I think I want to do something in archives) but even considered the major change is stressful.  
I don't know how to tell my parents because the change will lead to a lot less job opportunities and I don't want to stress them out.  They already worry about me (which is great) so I don't want them worrying more.  They are amazingly supportive and I'm so lucky to have them.

Outside of them, I don't make friends easily and have way too high standards in dating for someone with no confidence.  I've broken up with some amazing people because I am fixated on an ex from over 10 years ago who has long since moved on (married and kids).  I've deleted all my social media accounts and have no contact with her whatsoever (and don't want any) but I can't get her off my mind.  A day has not gone by without me thinking about her.

My social circle is almost non-existent.  I have some people I consider acquittances around here but no "friends."  I play Pokemon Go to take my mind off of things.  I also love working out but it does lead to a lot of free time to think which isn't always a good thing. Those are my only passions in life...I have no interest in anything else.  

Today: I woke up and saw my car was broken into.  I always lock my car because I'm not in the safest of areas but last night I had to get something out of the backseat and forgot to lock the door again.  I don't know what was or wasn't stolen.  I didn't have money or credit cards in there but I have to double-check on other things (I don't know why I would have something like a SSN in there but knowing my luck, I probably did).  I've called the bank and set-up an account with an identity monitoring site but it's still another stressful and deflating situation.  I don't know how I could be so stupid.  It's just one mistake/mis-step in life after another.
  
Even when I do good things like work my way up to a director position, I screw it up by accepting a position under a known a-hole/bully.  I would have been better off just declining the promotion and staying at management level.   

I try to be a nice person and help others, but living in this country (USA) and world just seems unfit for me.  People in power seem to be jerks who don't care about others, so why should I keep going?

I wake up every day hating being alive and every night I go to bed hoping I don't wake up.  I cannot remember the last time I was happy.  I just want internal peace and I know that'll only happen through death because my mind will no longer ever have to be on. 

The only reason I haven't attempted suicide is because I have a dog and I know it would destroy my parents.  But that's all I have. After they are gone, I really won't have any reason for living.  

I've tried meds, I've tried counseling....nothing works.  I'm just a miserable person.  I no longer know what to do.  I'm completely lost in life and just don't want to be a part of it anymore.