There's so many ways I could kill myself right at this very moment.I've never noticed this before and it's really scaring me. My mind is absolute chaos right now and I don't know what to do. Everything I see has potential to kill me. Everything. And when I close my eyes it's limitless.

I'm young enough that people would say I have too much to live for. I feel so fake whenever I try to start a conversation about my "depression" because it's probably just hormones or being a teenager, and then I end up making some half-hearted suicide joke and everyone around me feels uncomfortable. It's not like I've ever been diagnosed or anything. I know that so many people self-harm. I know that all of them have real problems and struggles in their lives. I don't. There's always food on the table and money in the bank, and while I may not have enough money to go to college, I definitely am a very privileged person.

I'm just looking around the room right now and it's freaking me out. I think I'm going to cry. To be quite honest, I shouldn't. I've been crying a lot lately because I'm a really weak person and I don't know how much longer I can do this.

But I still don't know if I could really commit suicide. I'm such a fake person. I probably just self-harm for attention, too, because even though I haven't told anyone I do it, I really want to. I would love to just sit and talk and talk and talk for an hour straight about everything. I would love to tell my story from start to finish.

You see? I'm selfish. You see how many times I've said "I"? I'm selfish.

I think something's wrong with my mind. It just keeps twisting and turning. I don't think it's supposed to do that. I can't focus on anything and this post is getting really out of hand. I'm sorry. I just can't concentrate very much. I think this is getting really long and I'm can't go back to read over this or edit it right now because I can't think properly. I'm sorry.

TL;DR: This was a completely useless post and I can't make my brain shut up. Sorry.
