Dying soonHi sorry about the long post. I'm a 25m and I'm planning to kill myself soon.

I'm unemployed and can't find a job because I have no skills or experience. I did go to university for computer science and graduated Jan 2015, but I didn't learn any of the 50 different tools/languages that job apps require me to have. I did learn some useful things like Python and C but I've forgotten most of it already. It doesn't matter anyways though, because I have no work experience, and I can't get internships anymore because all the internship job apps say you have to be a student to apply.

I've had severe social anxiety my whole life. I get nervous just talking to cashiers. It has prevented me from making wise career decisions. I had  opportunities in college to network and to try for internships but my social anxiety kicked in and I couldn't do it. So yeah, I fucked myself over pretty nicely.  I blamed the school for my unpreparedness at job searching, but I know it's my own fault. There are people from my college who enrolled in the same program, who are now happy, successful adults.

Because of my social anxiety, I don't have any friends either. Not one. I've never had a girlfriend or held hands or kissed a girl. It doesn't help that I'm fat, ugly, wear glasses, and am balding. Fortunately, at the moment I'm not overly upset by this because I've grown used to it. But sometimes the loneliness is so crippling I would gladly kill myself to make it go away.

I also have depression. At times, it's mild, but other times (like now) it's extreme. Depression has affected my mental capacity. I feel tired all the time and I have memory problems. I'm like Dory from Nemo.

I live far away from my parents, and they email me once a week to ask why I don't have a job and why I'm not a superstar yet. They don't know anything about my problems; I've kept it hidden from them. They were emotionally abusive when I was small and I'm scared of them. I haven't had a normal conversation with them in years. They  want me to find a job that's good and can lead to a career but I don't think I can do this.  I myself don't mind doing minimum wage/part-time jobs for the rest of my life, but I'm worried what my parents will do to me when they find out.

Speaking of  minimum wage jobs, a lot of them require a full driving license and sometimes your own car. I don't have either one, and moving anywhere is difficult for me. I'm still working on my license and I cannot afford a car.

I believe with enough time, money, and courage all of the above problems can be fixed. However, I only have enough money for 1 more month of rent, maybe 1.5. Then I'll have no more money for food or shelter. I live within walking distance to a high cliff, which is where I plan to kill myself. Even if I can fix my problems, what's wrong with taking the easy and permanent way out? Easy solutions that permanently fixes problems are good.  And suicide will not only remove every problem I have now, but every problem I could ever possibly have in the future. In exchange, I will not be able to experience any joy that life may bring. IMO suicide is a very fair trade, considering how my life has a lot more bad than good.