I hate myself for my body. (tw: physical/sexual abuse and traumagenic misandry)I am a 28 year old trans woman, and every time I find out that another one of my friends was raped I want to kill myself more; it makes me feel stupid for wanting to be a cis woman (in addition to all of the recent US political stuff), or like I'm spitting in the face of all of the women around me. Even when I was 5 I knew that life was harder for women, and I was in awe of their strength to keep going. 

I hated myself for being a boy because it meant I couldn't have sleepovers with my friends, and everyone bullied me for being a sissy to the point that I that it was a nickname. My parents would have long winded lectures at me about being a man; later my dad and male peers would start trying to physically beat masculinity into me. Hormones have helped a lot because because I no longer have wet dreams (which were usually about people raping me it disgusts me, and I hate my body for doing this to me), its lessened my migraines which I got 2-3 a month since I was 3 years old, and more. I hate myself for being male; I hate how I look (even though I'm privileged enough to pass). It kills me to know that I am too poor, too old, too dysfunctional, and too male to be able to get pregnant, even with medical tech is advancing, but not fast/inclusive(experimental)/affordable enough. 

I self harm because I feel like my body deserves it for being male and for betraying me, but it started when I was a teen and was trying to beat my trans feelings out of me. It feels like death is the only way out for me, and it sucks because people seem to like me, I have a ton of friends who were visiting me non-stop when I was in the hospital after an attempt last year. I have no reason to hate my life, I just hate that I'm male in it. I want to kill myself because I hate being associated with men because of how much my friends and I have been abused. Even still I don't hate men on an individual level I love my brother, and I still care about my dad. I'm not on the edge of killing myself today, but I know eventually I'll have the misery/indifference/courage to go through with it.

tl;dr My friends, family, and I have gone through a lot of abuse, and I hate myself for being male (I'm a trans woman). I self-harm and want to kill myself for being male.