This world is too much for me.I've been debating whether or not I should write for the past few months. I can say that I've been terrified to put this out there because of social anxiety, but I know that amounts to nothing more than an excuse.

I understand life is all about discipline. I get it. After all, nothing can drag you out of your emotional issues except yourself. Without sounding hopelessly pessimistic, no one really cares. Not in the sense that they would deliberately neglect you, but because they don't understand. Only you can make a change

Mental health is a complex issue. You can't just dismiss someone as having "mild symptoms of anxiety" or low-risk of suicide intent" without considering a myriad of factors. As much as we like to pretend to be, we aren’t mind readers. I understand that, but is that really an excuse to treat people like lab rats?

Of course it is. I just explained why earlier. People don’t understand, so they try to do the next best thing. The truth is, no one understands mental health.

So what happens if I decide that I don’t wanna discipline myself to get better? My therapist keeps recommending me all this coping strategies, but I don’t seem to listen. I reached out to her in the first place, so why does it feel like I’m wasting her time?

I am talentless. I am truly good at nothing. But that doesn’t matter. There are a million other people that think like that too; it’s just that I’m too impatient to try and actually build any skills. All my problems amount to excuses. It’s just that I’ve been too sheltered to handle them.

I have no friends. I want friends, but choose to isolate myself. That’s on me. Why would someone choose to be friends with someone that is too caught up with self-doubt to actually commit to something? Pretty toxic. 

Every time I go out in public, I feel trapped. I wouldn’t say I’m completely agoraphobic, but each outing feels like I’m being mocked and laughed at. I know people don’t really care about what I do, but I can’t stop feeling that way. I try my best to avoid every embarrassing scenario running in my head, but end up doing them, or embarrass myself in other ways. I stutter and mumble to every person that isn’t a family member, or a very, very close friend. As a result, people treat me like a toddler. They try to transcribe what I’m saying. They complete my sentences. They speak to me softly as to not scare me. It makes me feel so little. These people are the same fucking age as me. 

I am so defeated. No one shows me kindness. No one is there just to be a friend. No doctor or therapist I have ever encountered actually has given me kindness. All they do is just prescribe and ask the same series of questions. That’s just because I’m too demanding. They don’t understand what I’m going through, because I don’t communicate that well to them. 

I don’t what to do anymore. I don’t want to get better. I don’t deserve to get better. I could give the smallest of shits if anyone would want to help me. I know this is the end for me. I could stick around and see what happens in the future, yeah, but I guess I’m just too impatient to find out.

While I’d like to say goodbye to my family, I don’t. Really, I don’t care about what I do to them. Because I’ll be dead. As in not thinking. Hell, I’m too scared to die. What happens if I fail? Would have to leave the rest of my life brain damaged? I couldn’t live with that risk, especially since risk was caused by none other than me. 

Please. Someone just help me. I want just someone to listen to me. I know that’s a bit demanding and selfish, but I don’t how else to vent. I at least want to talk to someone before I commit. 

Thank you.
(Sorry if this is riddled with typos. I can’t be bothered to proofread)