Doubt I'll be alive much longerI have a death wish and have done for the past 20years. Every day, good or bad, I would rather be dead than alive. If things are good, I think 'this would be a good time to die'. If things are bad, I think 'this would be a good time to die'. I have episodic depression which can get really bad. This is usually when my suicidal ideation trips over into suicide intention. I've tried to commit suicide several times but just seem to keep surviving. Ended up in hospital last year as a result. Last time I tried was 3 weeks ago. Swallowed double the amount of codeine that my research said would kill me, plus alcohol and zopiclone (sleeping pills). Woke up next day feeling ill and threw up a few times, but still went to work and carried on as normal. So now I've got an even greater quantity of codeine that I hope will do it, and more zopiclone. I've been thinking when to do it.  I stopped taking my anti depressant meds a couple days ago. I guess as kind of a help to others to understanding more why I did it after I'm  gone. I mean, if I seemed fairly normal they would understand less than if my depression had seemed particularly bad, if that makes sense. Probably doesn't.  I don't know why I want to die or what compels me. I have a good life. I just feel like I am going to kill myself eventually anyway so I may as well. I don't even know what I want from posting this. Not really looking to be talked out of it or to be told to "think how your loved ones would feel". I just wanted to say this to people that aren't emotionally invested in me I guess. I know my brain is screwed up and my thoughts aren't normal. I tried therapy but even after two years I could never bring myself to trust my therapist and so it never got me anywhere. I don't trust anyone apart from one person. Maybe two. My greatest fear is losing my freedom of choice.  Like being committed, even for a short time. I think it would trip me over into full blown psychosis and likely violence if I was, altho I've never been violent to others.  I do have very violent thoughts tho. I think fear of loss of my freedom or right to make choices stops me from seeking further professional help. 