Maybe I'm just looking for excuses, but I want to tell my story before I take my life. Hello. My name is Alena. I’m looking for a miracle I suppose. Any reason to not take my own life.  
 

I’ve worked so hard to get where I’m at. Granted, in so many ways, where I am isn’t great. But I’m one of those people that it’s unbelievable that I’m still alive. It feels like such an achievement to not be dead yet. I’ll try to explain, but, I’m not even sure where to start.  
 

I’m a passing trans-woman; I live with my girlfriend of 12 years in a deep-south U.S. city. I’ve worked so hard to get here. I didn’t begin transition until the age of 30, four years ago, and I never thought I’d survive the process. I told myself I’d try, and if/when I failed, I’d just kill myself. I was naïve enough at that time to think that all my problems would go away if I could just achieve that goal. Of course, that’s absurd. But I needed to cling to something, anything; I’ve struggled with suicidal ideation my entire life.  
 

I’ve been in some form of counseling or recovery since the age of 21. I’ve had one of those tragic lives whose shadow I’ve tried all my days to escape from. It’s the kind of story that happens in memoirs, novels and movies. It’s usually a powerful experience when I’ve had the chance to share it. And I’ve been lucky to have been able to talk about it before quite a few crowds of people; once in an auditorium of 600 people. To share that story, to move so many people to tears… honestly, it was one of my most proud days. My story meant something. I’ve often been told how inspirational my life is, how my life is going to turn into some crazy success story.  
 

I’ve wanted to believe that. So much. Some days, it felt so possible. But I also feel that deep down, I knew better. That I was just too broken. I wanted to prove myself wrong. But here I am, possibly writing my last words.  
 

I was one of two unwanted children. My brother, born a year before me, came two months early. My mother and father were both addicts, and they both used throughout her pregnancies. My brother was born with six fingers on each hand, but was otherwise okay.  
 

I came a year later, one month early. Both my brother and I were severely underweight, able to fit into an open palm. I had no major deformities, but I was incredibly sickly. I’d have pneumonia four times in my first year, and three more times by the age of ten. I was stricken with shingles at the incredible age of 11, and I’d nearly die of mononucleosis at 15. This is all very relevant to my current situation.   
 

I was a beautiful child. I was 20% underweight until I hit puberty. I had long, thick blonde hair, deep emerald green eyes, high cheekbones and a slight build. Most people mistook me for a girl at a glance. I didn’t say a word until I was closing in on my third birthday. Doctors told my parents that I’d be developmentally delayed. I worked with a speech therapist until the age of 5, but I preferred to remain quiet.   
 

My parents were not good people. But one of the more benevolent things they did when I was very young was buy me and my brother a $4,000 encyclopedia set. I couldn’t tell you why. But I did love them, and I taught myself to read at a very early age thanks to the full-color pictures it had on every entry. The knowledge I consumed would go on to be very handy in my academic life.  
 

I lived a very solitary existence up until kindergarten. We lived in a deep rural area, and there was only a handful of nearby children. All of which were girls. My father would beat me into unconsciousness regularly because of how effeminate I was, and he forbade me to have female friends. He’d regularly go off about how I was a faggot, a queer, a homo; all words that I had no idea what they meant at the time. He said that having only girlfriends was making me into a homosexual.  
 

My father was a monster. He suffered from both schizophrenia and dissociative-identity-disorder. More than that, he was downright terrifying. One of his more disturbing qualities was how non-expressive he was. His face was like some horrible mask. He always had a serene-looking, slightly amused expression across his face. It didn’t matter if he was reading his bible (his only hobby) or beating you until your blood spattered the ceiling, he always had that same terrible non-emotion on his face.  
 

He was completely chaotic, seemingly without any rhyme-or-reason. He was triggered by anything and everything it seemed. Our home was so quiet, for any noise could set him off. So much as a giggle in your room could unleash his fury. He’d stand up from his reading chair, grab his metal-studded leather belt that he kept for such occasions, and with that terrible serene expression he’d whip you until he felt like you’d learned your lesson. Whether he was hitting me or my brother or mother, I learned to get through those moments by counting how many times the belt cracked like a whip across flesh. No lesson was less than ten lashes. Most were around 30. Sometimes more. Sometimes, you were even lucky enough to lose consciousness eventually. Sometimes.  
 

God this is going to be long. I don’t know why, but I feel like I need to tell my story. It’s funny, I’ve been told to write my story at least a hundred times, that it’d easily get published. And maybe that’s even true. Now, I don’t even know if anyone is really going to give a shit.  
 

I think I need a break. And that’s good, I think. As long as I want to tell my story, then that keeps me alive a little longer. Once I finish though… who knows? Maybe I’ll feel better. Maybe no one will give a fuck, and that will be that. But it’s something to cling to. I’m out of other options.   
 

If you’ve made it this far, and want to hear more, good. And thank you. I need you now, dear reader. I don’t want to die. Please help me find something to grasp onto. I’m just tired of pretty lies. I need something real.   
 

I’ll be here. Writing more. I think I’ll try to go vote, though. It’s something. Then I’ll come back, when I can, with more of the story. I promise it will be one you’ll never forget.  


If there's a better place for my post, please let me know. I feel rather ignorant about Reddit in general. Thanks.  
 

Love,   
Alena 