I don't want to live if this is my future.I posted a plea for legal help on the legal help subreddit. I'm going to lose my job if I can't straighten out the depression. My work place won't properly accommodate me. I'm sitting in my store's first aid room panicking because I need to cry and I've only got 20 minutes to do so. I can't meet their sales goals when I'm like this. I have a lot of trouble meeting their sales goals when I'm in prolonged depressions like this. My post is being downvoted to oblivion.

I have no friends. I work almost every single day to support myself. Two jobs, the exact same, the second one understands I've got difficulties and appreciate me for what I do bring to the table.

My mom in well meaning helpfulness, sent me three emails today instructing me on what i need to do to fight the depression. Clean your house, get your taxes done, tell me you love me everyday. I love my mom, but I just spent three days with her as she cried through what she thought to be pressing chores in my house.

My sister is now starting to remind me of what I don't give back to here when she's there for me. I haven't texted her in days. I don't want to because I want to know if she misses me at all.

I want to text my ex boyfriend. The moment it was clear he didn't want to be in my life, I cut ties with him. Three days later he was sobbing to me that he didn't mean to hurt me so badly. I want a friend, but I don't want to be reminded I can't have the man I once loved. I haven't spoken to him in six months.

I keep trying to make changes to improve my life and it just keeps making things worse. Move to a cheeper area to get my feet on the ground, I'm out of the jurisdiction I conduct all of my business in and all of my supports are gone. 

I pass by my country’s legislative buildings everyday. I live only a few blocks from them. My leaders have begun the process of creating doctor-assisted suicide legalization. People with mental health issues will not be included as candidates.

Today, I want to be included on the list. At least my family will get to say goodbye.