How long can you swallow the pain until it gets you to the edge?So today I realized that I lost the only friend that remained to me. I cannot cope with my life anymore, I destroyed anything on purpose out of a foolish cowardice, I even pushed away all of my friends and denied all the help anyone ever offered to me. I just feel bad now, I don't know, it feels like I myself, broke my own heart into pieces. 
Anyways, here's a little further explanation about what got me so far in creating this throwawaythingy and posting here, just in case anyone's going to read through this wall of text. 
I'm a college drop out in her early twenties, I just did, what I always wanted to do but after a while I didn't feel right anymore. I ended up being a loner, that social awkward person everyone avoids. The people there just didn't seem to be on my wavelength, it just felt so wrong going there everyday and to put that fake smile on my face, pretending like it was fun, trying so hard to be good; I was failing miserably in any kind of social aspects. It made me feel insecure, and I began to isolate myself. At first I lost my boyfriend. All of my close friends scattered through the country and it was just a matter of time the contact to them broke, as well. I tried to go on with my life though, I thought when I succeed college, there'd be plenty of opportunities to change my life, so I swallowed the pain lived on. But it was too much, at some point it just felt like my life was an entire lie, that I'm being a hypocrite. I lost my ambition and broke up with college, I didn't care anymore, I didn't want anymore. Somehow I felt, that whatever I'm going to do, I will always stay unhappy, this feeling of loss just consumed me and became a part of me. Now it's all, what I can feel anymore, and thinking back about the times I dreamed about success just seems odd and unreal, in reality I succeeded nothing. I lost all of my friends, I dropped out of college, got no job opportunities, I'm social awkward and insecure. There is no future for me and I pushed away everyone that wanted to help me when it wasn't too late, yet. Including the person I mentioned at the beginning.
So what now? I'm thinking about suicide everday but feel unable to approach any real help. that's why I came here.
(please ignore my terrible grammar, english is not my first language)