I just want to be done.My reasons for this are several; I do not even know where to begin.

Everyone tells me that I should major in something in demand that can get me a job. My parents work hard so that I can go to school And I have decided to stupidly major in the study of religion. I wanted to be a professor. My family is disappointed that I have decided to waste their money in something useless. Everyone laughs at how useless a major in the humanities is and I am embarrassed to tell people. Family constantly tries to convince me to switch into some STEM field. I got into a class for next term on the recommendation of one of my professors, and I am scared out of my fucking mind that I am going to ruin his word; I am so stupid I don't know how to not mess up. I think I'm even going to fuck up in his class this term. I am going to make him regret knowing me like I make everyone do.

I was born male, but I want to be female more than I have ever wanted anything. Beginning in August 2017 I got on a steady dose of hormones and I had hoped I could maybe do it. But my bone structure is abhorred in the most masculine way it could be. Back in 11th grade I decided that if I couldn't pass I would kill myself; at this point I am too scared to move any more forward than what I am now on the chance that I end up there. 

I hate everything about myself. All of my physical features are male. My accomplishments are attached to this boy that I hate so much; if someone asked me to name one thing that I like about myself, I couldn't give them one. Not one. I don't want to make friends because everyone sees me as a man. Guys seem to be uncomfortable around me and girls don't see me as anything other than 'that gay guy'. 

I wish I could have a baby so much. I wish that I could have my husband's baby. I wish I could have a husband; one of my dreams since childhood has been to get married. It is stupid but it is one of my fantasies. 

My parents told me that if I were to transition they would cut ties with me 100%; if I can be normal, then they say that I can stay with them. I wish they told me that they hated me so that I didn't think that I could salvage our relationship. Every friend I tell slowly stops talking to me. But that is my own fault. I didn't have a personality before so they hardly even knew me to begin with. Now I am just this idiot who is always sad. 

I have group therapy every week and one-on-one therapy every other week, but I only feel better immediately following the session. An hour later and I am the same mess that I am.

I've had enough I think; I don't have a plan or anything but I just want everything to end. I'm tired. There isn't anything that I enjoy anymore. My relationships are entirely superficial; I push everyone away because I don't want them to see me as a boy. 

But it is all my fault. At a glance I can see all of the times I use "I". I make myself the victim so that I can justify all of my failures and it makes me even worse. My life is the way it is because of me. 