I want to get better but I know I need to kill myself.I've felt dead and unmotivated for as long as I can remember. I've never had any ambition or drive to do much of anything. Two months ago I overdosed on Prozac in an effort to feel something and I was sent to a mental hospital for five days. 

After being released, I didn't have it in me to catch up on my schoolwork so I dropped all of my classes and flew to Taipei to visit my mom's side of the family. I've been here for a month. It hasn't been going so well. I'm living with my Aunt and Uncle and they have given me so much but I struggle to return any affection. 

Last night I had an overwhelming desire to kill myself. I couldn't get those thoughts out of my mind so I told my Uncle I was going on a walk and I'd be back in an hour. I bought vodka from 7-11 to rid the thoughts. I had the whole bottle. During this time, a (guy) friend I met on my first week here called me and asked if I wanted to hang out. I was clearly very drunk so he met me and started walking me home. At this point I had 6 missed calls from my Uncle. But I stopped at a bench by the park because "I wanted to lay down". I laid on the bench while my friend sat below a tree. We were talking when I saw my Uncle walk up. He started shouting at my friend and told him to stay away from me or he'd call the cops. They argued for a while. He was just trying to help me get home.

My Uncle knows about my depression and my stay at the hospital. Him and my Aunt are very Buddhist. He says the reason for my mental instability and my lack of emotion is because "I must have killed a lot people in a past life." So this is "karma". He says in order to get better, I need to accept that i'm a bad person who has previously killed many people. And that if I kill myself, he and my Aunt would be extremely mad at me because, "We love you and if you cared about us or anyone at all, then you wouldn't kill yourself. The reason you have these thoughts is because you only care about yourself and never for others. You need to grow up." etc. etc. I told them that it was a very personal decision and apologized for ever telling them. They told me that it was not my decision. Anyway, I knew then that I could not stay there any longer.

We agreed that it would be best for me to go back home. So i'm returning to California in a few days. I've also decided to check myself back into the hospital to give myself time to think about how i'm going to do it. I'm not telling any of my friends i'm coming back home since they expected me to be in Taiwan for at least 6 months. It would be disappointing. And I don't want to return home because I know i'm just a burden to my dad, just like I am to my Aunt and Uncle. To everyone, really. I miss my brother though. I will miss him. He's the person I care about most and the only reason why i'm crying while typing this. I'm so sorry Max.

The place I feel most welcome is the hospital. So i'm staying there until I figure out what to do next.

I'm sorry. I want to apologize publicly. I know i'm not a good person. Not because "I've killed a lot of people in my past life" but because i'm such a fucking failure. I'm sorry I've let my family down. As i'm typing this, I feel nothing and the thought of dying relaxes me. I want to feel sorry but I don't, which is why i'm a bad person. I don't feel bad at all. I just want to stop existing. That's all. I don't think it should be seen as a negative thing if it's what I want, right? But how would I know. Here I am, talking/thinking about myself again. I can't get myself out of my head. I'm sorry to anyone who's reading this. I don't even know what i'm saying now and I know I might have included a lot of things that were probably unnecessary. But I just wanted to write and tell someone that I am going to kill myself. It's comforting in a way. 

Sorry this was so poorly written. My mind is a mess as usual. Thanks for taking the time to read this. It means a lot if you did. I'm not sure why i'm posting since i'm not looking for advice but I've already written it out so I might as well post it.
 