I'm not sure where to start...I'm not into long-winded posts so i'll keep it in a nut shell.
I'm a veteran of both the Air Force and the Army I have served a total of 3 years between them. I am pending separation from Army due to an undocumented injury from the Air Force in my knee. I have only ever wanted to serve in the military and have failed now twice. Yes, failed because so many military personnel fight knee pain and mine took me out? I am stuck in a guilty relationship with someone who unmotivated me and sucks the fun out of my days. I have a massive amount of medical debt due to my appendix and being uninsured that plus car payment. My whole family looks at me as a failure due to the military deal, it is kind of a silent thing. My dad is dying slowly and is drowning in debt, my mom has a new bf every 4 months, most of them repeats. I work as a debt collector and spend my days getting my ass ripped by my bosses but i NEED the job to live with my gf in a loveless relationship that my parents are convincing me that my gf is cheating on me. I stopped drinking so much and stopped dipping but picked up dipping. Growing up I had a "bumpy" childhood. I've pulled the gun out of my mouth more times than i can remember. I pulled the trigger once on a dud round (turned me around for a long while) but am back at it again. i cannot afford treatment or the time away from work. Now a days i want to kill myself and I have the means to do it. I often fantasize about it at work, home, outside. It typically goes on and on like that. The only thing that keeps me from pulling the trigger is my dog and even he is distant. I cannot see the way out and am in constant pain from my knee and my mental state, i have an addictive personality and get tangled up in hobbies easily. I have never done drugs but find that on those "bad" days, I will drink to the point of passing out with the gun in my hand. Gaming helps, going out with the dog helps, driving helps, whiskey helps most. I have one question, what do you do to keep out the thoughts of killing yourself or dealing with stress (minus the deep breathing and other typical anti-stress remedies)