Just been in a dark placeHonestly I have been in a super dark place for the past 10 months, it's a long story to how it started, we will leave it at an almost 10 year total and 2 years married relationship ended.

But lately I can't pull myself up out of it, I've always had some depression and suicidal ideation but it's been out of control, especially lately. I work a dead end job, I'm stuck at my parents house for now (I'm 28, but after the breakup I basically lost most everything without the second income), I have realistically maybe 2 friends, I'm in a new relationship but I'm not happy with it and I'm too scared to be completely alone to do anything about it, I don't enjoy anything I use to really because literally everything revolves around bringing up now painting memories of the past, I literally have almost 0 joy in my life, the only real thing that prevents me from actually even trying is the fact that despite being mostly an atheist/scientific minded I still question whether any sort of thing lies after this life, whether that's for better or worse, and the fact that I don't want to fuck my life up anymore by not doing it correctly. Everything seems so unobtainable in my life now I feel like I'm just going through the motions to be honest. The few people I do know don't realize anything is wrong, I guess I am good at hiding it for the most part, and to be honest I've literally gotten advice from 100s of people on bettering my life and I've tried and tried and I just never move forward. I can't stand this emptiness inside of me anymore, I can't stand the dread of just waking up, most of my extra money goes to marijuana honestly because smoking is the only thing that even brings me back to 1% of my old self. I hate who I am and who I've became, I know for 100% fact that nothing is getting better at this point and I don't know want to settle into this shitty life and work another 50 years for no fucking good reason and then die. On top of all of that I also suffer from a chronic condition that causes pain almost 24/7 with no real decent treatment. I literally see no light at the end of this tunnel. I don't know what to do anymore.