I need advice. My friend isn't killing himself because I told him not too but I don't know how long my command will keep him from suicide.My friend, who I will refer to as K, is a strange fellow. K has a past of unsupportive parents (his mom doesn't care too much for him, his step-dad is a dick who does too much punishing). K has repressed emotions for several years, that is, until I said he should stop. After that, he started having strong symptoms of depression, severe panic attacks, and just is always a wreck. He is supposed to buy/cook his own food, and for a while I reminded him to make his own dinner but then I told him he needs to remember for himself. I'm not sure at this point how much he eats; for all I know it could just be the school lunch. He has lost a ton of weight (he isn't in danger now, but he is getting there). He doesn't care at all about school. Recently, he has been posting skype statuses such as "I hate life," "please let it end," etc. He said recently that he hasn't killed himself because there there is a day in February he wants to see, but he doesn't know if he can make it. I told him to not to kill or harm himself, and he hasn't because he takes my word as law (currently his skype status is "if not for orders, oh, if not for orders."). He is obsessed with me and everything I say he will obey and take literally. I try to make him not obsessed with me and a few months ago I told him to not be so clingy (this really made him sad/emotional). I am trying to help and talk to him but there isn't anything I can do. He is in therapy but as far as I see that isn't helping at all. He says he can get medication if his mom calls some number and I told him to, but I doubt she has (either that or he's a liar, and he has lied to me before about cigarettes). The only reason he is alive right now is because of me. All of this weight is on me, and it's weighing on me. I want to help him and I want him to get better, but at this point everything is on me and I don't know what to do. It's stressing me out, but he's the one who is really suffering and I don't want to be selfish or harmful to him. It's sort of ok because he isn't killing himself, but fuck is he suffering. We are both in high school (I'm in 10th, he's in 11th). I don't know what to do. I want this weight off of my shoulders but I don't want to hurt him. I will probably tell the school tomorrow about this, but I'm not sure that it will help much because they will probably just tell his mom who will tell them that he is already in therapy. I am kind of scared of just going to his mom and telling her myself because she might take it as an insult or just shrug me off. I've talked to her before and she seems like a nice-ish person, but she doesn't take very good care of her son it seems. Maybe I only think that because that's what K told me.

Advice would be appreciated. If I am in the wrong subreddit, please tell me where to post.