I don’t know.I can’t ever escape my feelings. For as long as I can remember, I’ve been the outcast. I was the outcast in my school. I was the outcast in my family. My step father locked me in the room. Dead bolted windows shut. Just because I was behaving like a kid. I never got to experience being a kid. I was always in trouble. He mentally and physically abused me. I ran away twice. My mother has been sick and doped up since 2003 from her addiction to pain kills the doctor prescribes her. So as soon as I turned 18, I joined the army to get away. I was happy for a little bit. I got married. Then all of a sudden, I wasn’t happy. I divorced my wife, and got myself kicked out of the army and became an alcoholic. Every girl I’ve dated, I’ve been extremely happy in the beginning. But my self destruction always gets the best of me. I’ve only not been cheated on twice. Out of quite a few relationships. And the ones that didn’t cheat on me, I ruined. I had this one really good girl. One that had never treated me so good. Slept on a couch with me instead of going home. Sat with me for hours while I tried to start up my own business, not making any money. Broke. No vehicle. She was there for me. And I ruined it with lies and cheating on her after leaving the clubs from djing. Ruined. I’ve stolen from people. I’ve stolen money. Everything I do is so self destructive. And I am so depressed. I’ve been depressed for as long as I remember. I can not remember a true happy moment. And every time things start going good for me, I always ruin it in some way. I can not get on top of life. I’m currently laying in bed right now, next to my ex girlfriend. We are both on the lease, broke up on Christmas Day. I sold my car previously so we could go on vacation. Idk what’s wrong with me. All I want is to make people around me happy. Make myself happy. Build a good life. But I CANT. I can’t get a hold on life. I’m so mentally fucked up in the head. I see myself getting more and more quick to anger. It scares me. I can’t afford help. Literally. I can not afford to go somewhere for help bc I’ll come out with nothing to my name. I have no vehicle. I’ll lose my job. And won’t have a place to stay. I have no friends. That’s not exaggerating. And that’s because every time I run something somewhere, I pack up and move. I use it under the mask of being a traveling DJ. But idk. I just want people to like me. But I hit my self destructive moments where I am so depressed and all I want to do is listen to suicidal music and contemplate hanging from a belt. And that’s where I’m at right now. I am so sorry if this post is going all over the place. I just really need to let some of this shit out and I’m just writing as it comes to my mind. I don’t understand why I can’t be happy. Why I won’t allow myself to be happy. It’s like I’m constantly punishing myself. I know I want to be happy. I know I want a healthy relationship. I know I want a good job. But I can’t make myself follow any of it through. 

My family life I shit. My father figure and my best friend died while I was in basic training. My grandfather. And since he has died, I’ve lost touch to the already fragile thread of a relationship I had with my real dads side of the family. I’m so out of hope. I literally have no one. I don’t even have the money to put a down payment on a vehicle to make sure I can keep getting to and from work once I’m forced to leave my ex’s house. I’ve been homeless before. I can deal with being homeless if I have a way to and from work. I just don’t have that way. And as soon as I have to leave here, I’ll end up losing my job. And all of this is due to my self destructive behavior.

I just want to be loved and accepted for who I am. I want friends. I want a good girl. And I want to not ruin that like I always do. I’m slowly letting go. I’m becoming more and more numb. I’m thinking about dying more and more. And idk if I want to die or not. The only thing that’s holding me back is the what if “God is real and hell is real”. I lost my faith a long time ago bc God has never been there for me. Not with anything. Not when I cried my eyes out laying on my bedroom floor bc all I wanted is love from my parents. Not when I tried to kilo myself once before. 

And no one cares. No one care. You can not tell me people do. Because they don’t. I would be missed for maybe a day or two. And that’s it. If even that. I’m just so scared and lonely. And I don’t know what to do. 

I am so sorry for the unorganized process of this if anyone actually reads this. I’m just writing as I think. 

I want to die. But I’m scared too. I want to hit the reset button and do life completely different. I’m so lost. I’m so fucking lost.