I've posted here before thinking things would get better and better, but once again, they've managed to get worse than before.Last time I posted here, I was suicidal because I could barely afford to eat and have no job.

Now I'm suicidal because I'm abroad and the company has lied to me. I work 25 hrs more a week than I could've guessed with horrific coworkers whose activities include: drinking and acting racist and saying "back in America".

The pay is minimum wage (they provide housing). I should've know that  they were fucking scamsters. How did I fall for this again? I now have to work for peanuts and I don't even get paid for 1.5 months. How fucking horrifying is that?

Now, the company meals are quite sparse (x2 a day, x1 on weekends). This is not enough for a very tall gentleman like myself. I thought about turning around at the airport as soon as I heard this information.

I'm only a few days into my excursion (which is an at-will, up to 3 yr contract) and I fucking hate it. My mom promised to help me get back to the US but says I haven't stuck it out long enough. lol mom. Seriously? You lying fat bitch. I understand I've only been here a few days but you promised to help me get back if I was unhappy. Fuck you you stupid skank. I'd kill you if I ever made it out of this alive you fucking bitch.

Frankly, I thought I was done before but now I really am. I thought I was finally going to get something out of life. Boy was I fucking wrong. I have a credit card with $1,000 left on it's limit. I am thinking about heading up to NL to stay with a friend for 1-2 weeks and then either figure out a way to return to the US or kill myself.

The worst part about this? I have no cell phone, my internet DL speeds are 0.3 Mbps. I've spent 8 hrs trying to update my graphics card and it fails and restarts. My games are blocked by whatever fucking shithole wifi there is here. 

I feel bamboozled and lied to. I left my best friend behind for this horseshit? Hell, what was I fucking thinking? I HATE IT HERE. I'm going to scratch my arms until they bleed again. And to be honest, I'm so done here that I will likely be livestreaming my suicide sometime next weekend. 

I'm so suicidal and angry right now that I will kill myself. I'm sick of being thrown curveballs and sick of NOT EATING and being lied to. I've accomplished fucking nothing but a stupid bachelor's degree that isn't doing shit for me except getting me scammed out of even more money that I cannot afford.

I cant stop scratching my arms. I'm trying to decide on a method of suicide that will be almost pain free. I have never been this mentally fucked in my life. I want to kill myself so badly. I CAN'T EVEN LOAD THIS FUCKING SITE. IT TOOK ME 3 MINS TO LOAD THIS PAGE. 

Oh and my coworkers? They all came over here with $5k+ in their accounts. Fucking peachy. Not to mention I wasn't invited to ride with them to dinner so I didn't eat again. What in the fucking hell did I do to deserve this horseshit fucking life I've gotten? Seriously???? What in the fuck did I do? Now I hear that one of my best friend's mom just had a heart attack and is brain dead? lol. Fucking perfect. And then I hear 2 days ago that my sister is homeless? I had a horrible upbringing and I bring nothing but turmoil with me. I've had NOTHING work right in my life. Still a virgin at 24 years and have nothing but a shit bachelor's degree.

Did I mention my coworkers made anti-Semitic comments already (I have a Jewish background) and that they are fucking drunks? PERFECT. I TRY EVERYTHING AND IT FUCKING FAILS. WHAT THE FUCK? WHY CAN'T I EVER ENJOY ANYTHING?


Seriously, I dare you to give me a reason to live. Honestly, I don't think anyone here can. Everybody fucking sucks. Everything in my life is horseshit. I want to die so badly right now that I'm going to keep harming myself until I do or until I get the fucking nuts again to hang myself. I'm done. I'm not dealing with a shithole life anymore. 