I ruined my own lifeTonight I reached out to an ex who struggles with suicide too. He told me to "get a job like the rest of us" and called me pathetic. 

My dad and I are moving out of our house and I don't want to leave, but it's happening. The scary part is, we have nowhere to go. He refuses to get an apartment and couldn't find a house in time. I think he's going to stay in a hotel and I guess I'll end up there with him because at 29 years old, I have no money and no life. I've struggled so very much with addiction, rape, abuse, PTSD, and all that goes with it.

I was depressed all my life. I never wanted to live. I spent my teens and 20's just doing nothing, trying to stay messed up to avoid the pain. I can't be sober, the pain is incredible. The bad memories come crashing down on me like a giant wall of shit.

I've tried therapy and meds since I was 14. Nothing has ever worked. No doctor will ever give me benzos for my anxiety, because they look at me and see a drug addict. 

I've tried to keep a job, but I never went to college, and my anxiety couldn't handle a fast food job, which is all I'm qualified for with a spotty work history that makes me look like a degenerate loser on all my applications. 

I've tried to kill myself before with drug overdoses. I fantasize about doing it again and think back fondly to the night I almost died by accidentally taking too many pills. I have enough of the same kind of pills right now to do it, except I've already taken half the dose and it might not work if I take the other half so many hours later.

I've been in rehabs, I've been in mental hospitals, and homeless shelters. Being homeless was always my worst fear and it's about to come true again. Being in a women and childrens' shelter was one of the worst experiences of my life. I used drugs to cope with being there and got kicked out.

I can't seem to follow the rules of society. I get into bad relationships and destroy them with my neediness. I feel the only thing left of any worth is my body. I've sold my body before and I think about doing it again, but I would lose the few friends I have left if they found out.

The idea of working absolutely terrifies me, and it always has. I shoplift to support my habit, and I don't really care if I get arrested, although I would go through withdrawals in jail. I've been through that before, and it was terrifying, but I feel like at least jail is a roof over my head. 

I'm thinking about going inpatient again because I have no idea where else to go, but I know I would have to be sober in there.

By most societal standards I would be considered absolute scum. I have a sister who basically thinks this, even though she's been where I am now, she worked her way out of it. But she is very outgoing and doesn't have the same social anxiety.

Every time I try to keep a job, I just compare myself to the other people there, like younger women who went to college, or people who actually are there for their kids and take care of them. I can't even do that. (My kids live with their fathers instead of me because I have been so unstable.)

I see absolutely no reason to live, except for two things. One is that a doctor once told me that my daughter could grow up to commit suicide herself if I do it. That thought makes me cry. The other reason is that my dad is under a huge amount of stress with being forced to leave his home, and I can't do this to him right now with everything else going on. He'd be the one to find me dead, unless I wandered off to a quiet place and laid down to die. Either way it would destroy him because he never knew what to do to help me. 

Family and friends, caseworkers and others have all tried to help me, but I screwed up every opportunity I ever had because I just never wanted to do anything but lay down and die. 

My dad is keeping me alive right now and it sucks so bad. I wish I could just forget about him and do it. I've been so close to death before and I found it exhilarating. I don't mean to romanticize it, but I hate this world, and living in it. I'm worthless.

Thanks for reading