Losing a lotYou know, this is probably one of the only places I've been able to really talk about this. When I was younger, I over heard this conversation between two older kids. One kid asked what would happen if he committed suicide. The other said that he'd fail at it and be driven to the hospital and be saved. Then He'd be sent to an insane asylum where they would begin injecting him with hundreds of needles that would make him go all, "blah!"

While I understand he was probably wrong about that, it made me think as I began having these thoughts recently. As much as my school encourages us to talk to our counselors about these sorts of issues I don't really know what happens when you tell them. I did a bit of research and found out several things. I still don't know everything that happens, but I did discover that they will ALWAYS inform the parent when the student is at risk of self harm. While I understand that idea in principal, it ultimately was the reason I decided I must hide this from everyone at all cost. It also made me decide to take the proper steps to make this reddit post anonymously as I was beginning to feel I needed an outlet just without the consequences. So I thought you know, people who do things anonymously online can do them without consequences. Which, I guess the reason I never told anyone non-anonymously was because I was afraid of consequences.

Now let me explain a few things. I am told by many people that I am a very smart guy. I've gotten awards, I've helped out students who were struggling with subjects, I also applied to the Math Honor Society for senior year. I'm very smart, that's what my mom tells her friends all the time.

But then, during senior year, about a million things happened all at once. First, my grandmother was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer. Which was bad enough, but within the same month my grandfather (same side) was diagnosed with stage 2 dementia. My brother was sent to the side of the country they were to take care of them, and gave me horror stories over discord about how my grandfather tried to go to the store, got lost and took a nap in a parking lot. On top of that, my grandfather had always been a complete narcissist and manipulated my grandmother at every turn. It reached a point where he could do it despite his dementia. As a result, he was able to keep her from getting him the treatments he needed to slow down the progression of his dementia (It was already approaching stage 3). Not to mention, he argued with my brother a lot. At one point, in a meeting with our grandmother's doctor, she (the doctor) was talking to and asking my brother questions, while my grandfather sat there quietly only to scream at my brother right afterwards. My brother eventually returned home in an extremely bad mood after spending months getting belittled. (Also, I remembered this after writing this paragraph, wasn't sure where to put it, but my grandmother actually knew about her cancer years ago when it was in stage 1. My grandfather however, told her to stop going to chemo and to stop taking her meds. She listened, and now the cancer's at stage 4.)

There was also a lot of other things but, that was most of where my stress came from. My house almost burned down this year too, but that strangely blew over fairly quickly. Also, I was sick with the flu for over a week. It was so bad I couldn't even walk properly due to pure exhaustion. Being home for over a week caused me to miss a lot of material which set me back significantly. Guess that's a bit bigger.

Now on to the other stuff.

&amp;#x200B;

With all this going on, my parents encouraged me to just ignore all of it and go on with school. I agreed with it, but I could never really stop thinking about it. I couldn't stand the fact that my grandfather was abusing my grandmother. I told teachers about the stuff a little bit, but I always left out big parts (like my grandfather being a jerk). They'd often give me sympathy and would give me a little help (like accepting really late work). But I was still really tired. I was barely making it through.

Then, I kind of broke down once I heard a certain story. My grandfather had finally (after a long wait) been sent to a hospital where they were giving him treatments for dementia. But then, my grandfather basically gave my grandmother the puppy dog eyes and she brought him back home. At that point he really didn't want to leave and, since my grandmother was the POA we couldn't force him to leave. If he didn't return to the hospital though, the insurance wouldn't pay for the time he'd already spent in there. 

When I heard that, I kind of lost it. I stopped turning in work all together. There were only a few weeks left before seniors graduated anyways so, there wasn't much left to do. But I was just to taken aback. I couldn't really breath anymore.

Then, my interim report card came in the mail, and I picked it and read it and then decided to hide it. It was the first time I'd really done that. But then, I realized, my parents would learn about the grades eventually. Mainly because I was already convinced I was being kicked from the Math Honor Society. I wasn't really feeling bad about leaving it though, but I was afraid my parents would look down on me.

However, that wasn't how my parents learned, the way they learned was (At least I thought so) far worse. My counselor set up a 504 meeting to discuss college accommodations. We were looking over a lot of teacher reports from this year, and my parents were taken aback by all the comments on how often I was turning stuff in. Eventually my counselor decided that they should know my grades so she printed a copy for each person in the meeting. Then, the secret was out. my quarter grades had dropped insanely low. A lot of which was due to a lack of work turned in. My parents began to look at me with disgust. Now they didn't yell at me or anything, they just looked horrified. My dad began to tell me the importance of turning things in. I saw how they looked at me, and I cannot really describe how ashamed I was in that moment.

When my dad got home that day, he continued to pressure me into doing homework. At that point, I strangely didn't do anything at that point. I don't entirely know why. I didn't play games, I didn't even watch youtube or read reddit posts. I just laid there in bed, my phone beside me charging.

Once everyone had gone to bed, I arose. I entered the kitchen and got a knife and went down to the basement so no one would be woken up by anything falling. Up to that point, I had researched human anatomy so I knew where the arteries were. I also knew where bones were and knew which arteries were the easiest to reach. For your information, the artery in you wrist (the one commonly attempted to reach by those attempting suicide) is actually well protected by your bones so it's actually not very optimal. I held the knife up to the artery I chose and was ready to cut. No one saw me there, no one would have been able to see me, and since I would be cutting an artery I would be dead in minutes. Long before anyone would have been able to find me.

Then, I stop. I take the knife upstairs, put it away, and go back to bed. I'm not quite sure why I stopped, but I did.

My dad continued to remind me over the next couple of weeks and I wondered if I should have carried through with it. My dad reminded me every five minutes (I kid you not) that I needed to do my homework and I was still second guessing myself, wondering if I should try again. My dad also told me I should do my homework during the 10 minute break of the AP exam. Now for those who don't know, you aren't supposed to touch any of your things during the break. If I even attempted to do that, at best I'd have my scores canceled. I did try telling my dad this, but he got angry, saying I should stop trying to put it off. 

Then during the weekend, I stopped eating. I wasn't trying to protest or anything, I just wasn't hungry. My dad asked me why I was doing this, I then tried to make it clear I didn't want to talk. He got mad and told me I should learn some respect. Then he reminded me about my homework. I also contacted my D&amp;D group and told them I wouldn't be able to make it to the session.

A few weeks ago, I graduated without completing all my homework. Now, the high school is requesting I grant permission to send my final quarter grades to my college and I need to approve it. But I'm scared if I do that, they'll think I got lazy at the last minute. 

I haven't told anyone about all this, the stuff I tried to do. I was thinking of attempting the thing again. Also, I know people are going to tell me to tell someone like maybe the school counselor. But I don't want them to know because they'll tell my parents and I don't want them to know about how I am. I know that they aren't going to learn it if I post here which was my idea.

Anyways, I apologize for how long this turned out to be. I partly just needed this off my chest. I was going to post on r/offmychest but I realized the part about the suicide attempt probably made it more suited for this subreddit.