My life is coming to an endThis is pretty long but I seriously need help...

I've always been a very angry person, even as a child, but my anger is not directed at other people but at myself. I moved around a lot and was kind of nerdy so needless to say I didn't have many friends, none until my junior year of high school actually. 

I've been a self proclaimed atheist since first grade I've never really been in people's faces about it though I do genuinely respect other peoples' beliefs and find other religions to be interesting. Ever since I was 7 I've been in and out of therapists offices for adhd, anger management, add, depression(my mom dying when I was 12 didn't help with that one), and anxiety but it never helped. 

I feel worthless, empty, and dead inside. I hate myself more than anything. When I look in the mirror all I want is to destroy the person I see, and I don't understand why. And I've always felt this way It wasn't as strong at first but for as long as I can remember (since I was 7), and I've been suicidal since 5th grade. I've tried to commit it on 2 occasions (both before middle school), but since the death of my mother I can't bring myself to do it, I could never inflict that kind of emotional pain on my friends and family so at this point I've basically resolved to kill myself as soon as I feel my pain outweighs their grief at the loss of me.

I have no reason to feel this badly. Other than the fact that my mom died my life has been pretty great. I'm almost 21 now and go to FSU and major in psychology and have a 3.5 gpa. I also play guitar pretty well and know music theory enough to compose music for many other instruments and plan to double major in music theory and composition in a year or two when i prepare an audition. My parents never had a problem being atheist my mom was catholic and then became "new age" and my dad is "spritual" but I did go to church as a kid for a short time. I play in a band with two of my closest friends, we all rent an apartment together in Tallahassee, one of them also plans to go to school for music. I am in pretty good shape, a little skinny but I'm getting better because I am now 7 months in to a weight training program coupled with a strict diet, gone from 138 to 155lbs, and do this with my bandmate who is going to school for nutrition and is incredibly good with women and has been trying to help me but to no avail. 

People tell me I'm pretty good looking, funny, nice, smart, and generally a great person. If that was true I would've found someone who can stand me for more than a couple dates by now (literally never made it to a third before they stopped talking to me). I don't meet women very often either. I get a number maybe once a month, if I'm lucky, and a date once every 3 if I'm even luckier. It's understandable though, at this point no woman in their right mind would want to be with someone so inexperienced and emotionally damaged (though I'm pretty damn good at hiding it).

Both of my bandmates and my family know about my problems but talking with them about it doesn't help much it's just the same conversation every time. I don't even feel welcome anywhere anymore, not even even amongst friends and family, I . When people feel happy to see me it makes me cringe. I don't see what's so good about me or why they would be happy that I'm around. It's like they're blind to what I really am, a sad, pathetic, lonely, worthless, weak, boring, shell of a person. 

I'm so sad that it actually physically hurts at times. I can almost never fall asleep before 3 a.m. I recently started taking medication for my depression but it's not helping any. Sure it helps for a few weeks but once my body gets used to it I just end up needing to take it just to feel as badly as I did before and avoid the comedown (I'm not addicted as I've only been on it for a few months but the comedowns are especially painful). 

I don't even have "good days" anymore just days I consider killing myself less. I really don't know what to do anymore. When I walk into a room the first thing running through my head is how easily I could kill myself with whatever objects are in the room. Each day just gets worse. I want to die but I don't want to want to die anymore, I don't think that's too much to ask for. I don't know how much longer I can go on living like this. I know these feelings are irrational but I can't make them stop. Living like this is exhausting and at this rate it's unlikely I'll live to see 30 (hell even 25 seems like a longshot). I just want to rest, help me, please, someone help me...