AloneI am feeling really alone. I barely know what to write but I'm just gonna start to get the thoughts flowing...I can't seem to keep it to myself anymore. I have no friends at all to talk to so I am here. I am 21 year old girl. I feel about 14 right now... I have a sister who is 10 years younger than me, my mom and my husband who is 22. 
Right now I'm visiting my home (my husband and I live in a different country).

 I came home for a while because I really missed everyone...and it brought back so much hurt for some reason. I love my sister and my mom...but I feel excluded by them. I have always felt this way really. She is spoiled...like imagine a kid asks for anything they want and she gets two. She doesn't care about spending time with her family or anything other than clothes and phones and dumb material things...I dunno. anyway. I get haunting thoughts of suicide every single day. Every day I say to my self, I know I'm going to kill myself, just when? What day will I muster the courage and just do it already? I hope it will be soon. I think about it and I just consider it a good thing. 

I barely sleep...maybe 2-3 hours a day so I am always tired. I feel like if I kill myself I'll finally get some much needed rest. I also think about taking all my belongings and just burning them before I die so it was almost like I never really existed. That brings a smile to my face. If I die I have no friends to miss me and a family who forgets me easily. The only person who might care is my husband. He thinks I'm a big bitch though. He has said it to me...mostly because I am detached from life and I try to keep him satisfied with all the love I can conjure but I don't think its enough for him. I am too empty so he finds me boring.

 I don't know what I can do. I don't have medical anymore, so I can't even go to a doctor without breaking the bank...anyway I'm rambling. I just want someone to care or listen to me...I just need a friend or something. If anyone wants to know more or share anything with me so I can just talk to anyone...that'd be cool. bye