Did anyone else lose their whole life and potential to depression and anxiety?It’s just not there anymore. I’m a total shell of who I used to be. I’m essentially a brainwashed zombie who walks around aimlessly all day everyday. I have no idea how to stop doing nothing all the Fucking time. Absolutely no idea. I used to have some dreams and aspirations but truthfully now I don’t care about any of it. Quite frankly I don’t want to “get better” people don’t understand that there is no getting better. When you lose a leg you can’t expect someone to walk. Getting better means bullshitting hope with a slight attitude adjustment until the gates of hell all start coming down on you again. Sure, maybe the super few gifted and talented can create enough individuality by being genius level creative and change their mind state long term. But let’s keep it real. Most of us are working to middle class every day people. Car payments, student debt, some abandonment attachment problems with a significant other, 2-3 friends and some very average job. The level of effort it takes to get better would mimic Lebron James or Oprah.  It’s not realistic. In this day and age Thearpy is half useless because the second you say anything negative, they assume you are just choosing to be hopeless and are giving it. Sums up the joke of our society. Garbage monochronic thinking. I’m over this. The truth is no one understands this beast that’s why they give us meds and tell us to shove it after that. You don’t stop a lifetime of self hate by becoming aware of negative thoughts. Our attempts at getting better don’t work cause there is no real education on what is wrong with us. It’s just some guessing game. I hate myself, I hate this universe, I hate the Fucking world. I hate everything. Fuck life. I can’t enjoy Fucking music, I can’t keep a job, I can’t stay in school, I can’t have friendships. All I can do is rot away and feel guilty about the rotting away. All I want to do is a bunch of drugs and pretend that I don’t exist. Everyone wants me to be perfect it feels like. The best student, best son, best citizen. I hate all of it. It all feels so pointless. My cognitive abilities are down to nothing. I can maybe start something for one or two days before I go right back to doing nothing. I would write more but I’m far to miserable. I’m gonna go die in a hole. All I hear is intrusive thoughts swimming in my brain 24/7. I used to be passionate about researching depression but now I just don’t care. I don’t even try to express myself anymore. For what to get shot down for the 488534th time. I live at home with my parents and I see no reason to move out. I’d fuck up rent anyway. If I moved out I’d sit in a chair in an otherwise unfurnished apartment and rot.