I want to love people, but......if my experience with people the past 10-ish years is going to be how it is, and if it's going to be how it is the past few days, I am kind of teetering on the edge of wanting to truly end everything.

But, I'm still scared. Is there an afterlife? Will I ever be able to rest and never be bothered again?

Listen, everyone. It's money. Money let's you do whatever you want. Move out of your POS parents' house, and never look back. Buy sex. People hold shit over your head in relationships. You have to contribute something to be loved. Otherwise, you're just a lazy, annoying piece of shit that's a waste of space. That's "love" according to society. You aren't loved for who you are. Have standards for hard work in teams that you hold others up to? They won't reciprocate. People won't ever keep their promises to you.

I don't know what else to say anymore. Everyone's going to say it's my fault, anyways. I believe in being a capitalist, and people will eat me alive on this shithole of a website run by nerds who wouldn't survive a job in retail because they think they're above such menial work. Like, I play video games and watch anime and shit, but I have other responsibilities and goals outside of that shit, too.

I wish someone would prove me wrong, but I doubt they will. I'm always told to pray to God, but never to seek actual help. Is there something wrong with me wanting to keep more of my paycheck? Is there something wrong with me placing a value on human lives? Is there ANYTHING wrong with believing in things that make life worth living? Yes, because you don't matter, snowflake. You must die for the collective cause of the organizations that are giving you money and relationships. You must be left out because you didn't pick up on that reference, social cue, didn't go to school with us growing up, aren't a part of our clique, my friend group, etc..

I am working hard.

I am paying the bills I'm responsible for.

I am making it to work on time.

I am supposed to be "privileged" according to some people who can't handle being wrong, so why am I considering ending everything?

What's wrong with me that makes me unlovable!?