Really struggling to be positiveI've started this several times... I'm really struggling to put to words what I am feeling right now. I can feel myself heading to a really dark place and I just want to be able to talk to someone who can rationalise for me. I know my problems are small compared to what some people suffer but I just feel so worn down by everything I don't know what to do. I should start by telling you that I'm living with my mum and her boyfriend at the moment. They believe I'm going back to uni in a week but the truth is I'm not. I willingly failed my last year because I was so desperately unhappy there that I knew I couldn't put myself through another year of it. They don't know anything about this and I have been lying to them - and everyone else - all summer because I'm too much of a coward to tell anyone and too afraid to let anyone who knows me know that I am emotionally weak. I don't think that this is what is really getting me down though. I only have one friend and he'll be moving a couple of hundred miles away from me soon. I'm incredibly, incredibly lonely and I'm also completely socially inept - I haven't got a clue how to make friends. I'm not shy but I'm not a talker, especially around strangers and I know it takes a lot of dedication for people to get to know me. What's worse is that I feel angry all of the time. Particularly because the people around me are so happy and I am so unhappy for them. I feel like... how dare they be happy when I am so fucking miserable? Of course, they don't actually know the extent of my misery because I can't tell them. Sometimes it's all I can do to stop myself lashing out either verbally or sometimes even physically over the tiniest thing. By tiny I mean, not something a normal person would even think twice about. I know that this has been a bit of an incoherent mess... I'm sorry. I hope someone can understand it. The truth is that this has been going on for so long now that I'm beginning to wonder whether it's all worthwhile. I'm struggling to see a way out of it and a way to make my existence a happier one. I know no one here can help me but perhaps someone will talk to me about it all. 