i need some helpfirst of all, i don't know if this is right subreddit for this, but it is sorta related. my friend told me that this subreddit has an amazingly helpful community and i just hope that you guys can also help me. i have been depressed for about 5 years and have had suicidal thoughts along with it, because i just really feel like a burden to everyone. i also always have felt like i should been born as a girl instead of a boy and it had always bothered me, it also played a small part in my depression. recently i bought a new computer that works a lot better than my previous 8 year old one, and after that things went a bit better, and i was a bit happier. until a few days ago, when i was playing me some league of legends, after doing a few matches with and against bots due to me not having played a few years. found out that i suddenly couldn't play my favorite champion anymore, because i kept dying instead of being legendary the entire match, it forced me to play with my only other champion, irelia, and after a few matches it turned out i was actually good when playing her. that made me actually a bit happier, then something snapped inside me (remembering that i want to be a girl the hard way for some reason), and that made my depression 5 times worse than it already was. now i'm just really sad and almost cry myself to sleep, and i don't know why (well i do). i don't know if i should keep it a secret and hide it from my parents until i'm no longer depended on them, because i don't know if they're going to hate me for that, i'm a 17 year old autistic "boy" that lives in the netherlands and i just don't know if i should wait with telling until i i'm 18 and am getting my unemployment benefit and am living on my own, and i also don't know where and how i should get HRT and the like over here, my autism just prevents me from asking around and most af the terms for HRT and the like i got from english sites, and i know how good dutch people are at speaking and understanding english, and i'm really just ashamed by it all. i know i shouln't be, but i can't help it, it's my autism. i just don't know what to do and i actually really don't want to sit around for 9 months till it's my birthday.