I'm 13 years old and are considering suicideHey reddit. I've never really been able to talk to people about my problems, and its been tough. This is kind of a long story, but please read because I really need your help; During the summer of 2011 I started getting really depressed. People would put me down because of my bad skin and like any normal teenagers I feel insecure about my body. The depression got really bad and I would stop eating for days. After a few weeks, though, it went away. But during May 2012 I began getting depressed again, and this time I even started self harming. It got really bad and I would stop going out in case someone saw my cuts. After about 3 months my mum found out and helped me through the depression. I never really got over it though. Last month I made a "My Secrets" video and posted it to YouTube. The video included stuff about how I'm still really depressed and still occasionally self harm. My mum found it and confronted me about it. She took me took the doctors and they are referring me to a psychiatrist for young people (or something like that). I'm due to have my first session in a few weeks. About two weeks ago I fell out with all of my friends at school because of rumours and they are believing the lies instead of me. So now I have no one. I am scared to go to school or even leave the house. At interval and lunch I am by myself. A group of people in my year are constantly giving me abuse over the Internet, calling me a lesbian and telling me to go kill myself because I'm an 'emo freak who slits her wrists'. Over the past few days I have been heavily considering suicide, but upon researching it I am starting to get second thoughts. I'm wondering if I should speak to my mum and tell her everything and even ask about transferring schools or if I should just go ahead and commit suicide. Please help reddit, I don't know what to do. TLDR; heavily considering suicide for multiple reasons, having second thoughts and not sure what to do. EDIT; sorry if this isn't the right place to post, wasn't exactly sure
NOTE; I was redirected here from r/askreddit so sorry if you've already seen this post