How do I stop hating myself so much?Hi r/suicidewatch,

I don't really know where to begin with a post like this as I have never posted something like this before but here goes:

In March I got fired from my job of 5 years for doing something completely stupid, time theft for not punching out for breaks because I wasn't getting enough hours and needed the cash. My girlfriend of 3 years and I and a roommate had just signed a lease for practically my dream apartment. I had enough money to get to scrape by until September.

In mid-July a old friend of my girlfriend and I broke up with her boyfriend and decided to move back and we decided to help her out by letting her stay with us. It seemed like a nice thing to do at the time but she literally flipped our living arrangement upside down. She would get hammered almost every night, try to fuck my friends who would come over and was overall kind of a bitch when we were treating her pretty well. She found a job pretty quickly because she has a lot of experience in hotels and restaurants. This reflected poorly on myself because I was still unemployed but getting a fair amount of interviews (I don't have a lot of experience in anything that isn't grocery store related so it is hard for me to find a job). She was also becoming a really horrible influence on my girlfriend who even though had a pulmonary embolism (blood clot in the lungs) earlier in the year began to smoke weed (which in any other circumstance I would be fine with) endangering her health. When I would try and talk to her about it she would act if it were no big deal. We were very quickly becoming distant from each other. Then the biggest tare happened when she, extremely intoxicated, told my two best friends about a fetish I have. I was so unbelievable upset and angry. I am a very private person when it comes to sex and she crossed a huge line by telling my best friends about it. I became visibly upset and went into my room to clear my head and she decided to follow me and the girl that was staying with us decided that I was being "too mean" to my girlfriend when I told her to shut the fuck up and get out of our bedroom when she tried to drunkenly tell me why she would tell my two best friends that (note, I am not a very angry person and you have to make me really upset to say something like that). The next day I couldn't look at her, she just wasn't the same person to me anymore. She tried to explain how the whole thing was "stupid revenge" because I had gotten pretty drunk the night before with a buddy of mine who paid for my beers because I was pretty broke and she was jealous that her friends would never do anything like that. We didn't break up, though. And after a week or two things were practically back to normal except for I wasn't ready to have sex with her.

Then the day came where the instant I woke up she came into our bedroom and broke up with me, which was about 3 weeks after the whole fetish incident went down. I was shocked, I was sad, I was hurt beyond belief. Yes, I thought we were going through a rough patch (which relationship doesn't?) but I didn't think she was going to break up with me. She did it very coldly as well, like we had only been dating for a few months and not 3 years. She said that I wasn't looking for a job and that I am immature and money issues (I had plenty of job interviews that didn't pan out, and I am a 22 year old male who isn't a little immature at this age) It was like I wasn't even talking to the same girl I fell in love with. So I did what anyone would do, I started to pack my things and at that point she started to become a little nicer and we had a talk that we were still broken up, but we would see what would happen in the next month coming up. I decided I really needed to go out for a walk and grab a beer somewhere, which I did. I came home to find my ex very drunk and very stoned with the girl who was staying with us and once again she was very cold and very mean to me. I found this to be strange because when I had left 5 hours beforehand we were on good terms but when I came back it was like I was nothing to her.

I stayed at my parents for about a week after that night and came back to find the apartment trashed and the girl who was staying with us had finally found a place to stay (my ex was on a trip visiting her family so I had the place to myself for a week). As I was reconnecting with my roommate to ask what had happened over that week he dropped a bombshell on me (he is a close friend so I have no reason to suspect he was lying) and said the girl who was staying with us from the first week she was staying with us planned on breaking my ex and I up. I wasn't very happy with this so I sent the girl a message on facebook about how awful she was being and how she took advantage of a good situation for her. She thought I had gone mental (which I hadn't) and shared what I wrote to her with my ex and her ex (who happens to be one of my best friends). She then posted this blog post that made me out to be the biggest dickwad in the world and her a blessed angel. I know this all sounds like high school drama bullshit but I was quite upset that someone I used to trust would turn on me like that and it really fucking hurt.

When my ex came back we patched things up again and she told me that the girl who was staying with us was constantly talking shit about me behind my back. I went back to living at my parents place after that and have been living there ever since because she can afford (with the help a wealthy family) the apartment by herself.

The girl who was living with us meanwhile is still my ex's best friend and I can't help but think I am just a punching bag to them. I hate myself so very, very much because if I never got fired everything would still be the same. My friends don't seem to want to talk to me anymore. My ex is leaving for some college visits at the end of the week and I was hoping to stay at our old apartment for a few days so I could get some rest on a actual bed (I am sleeping on a couch) and at first she was alright with it but then she told her grandfather (who has never liked and is financing my part of the rent now that I moved out) about it and he said he would pull his funding if I did. I was devastated. I am don't feel like I can trust anyone anymore and I am just this deep pit of self-loathing. I find myself getting angrier and angrier at myself to the point I want to punch something hard and injure my hands to be able to feel something because honestly sometimes I don't even know I am alive. How do I stop hating myself so much?

TL;DR - Got fired, girlfriend broke up with me, a friend betrayed me and I fucking hate myself. Sorry for the very long post.