Nothing left to do. I'm done.Let me preface this by sharing that I've struggled with depression, or some form of, since I was a child. At eight I started thinking about suicide, not seriously as I was young but old enough to know that it could potentially be a viable option. I won't get into the years leading up to this precise moment because that's a very long story, but I will say they weren't good. I'd reckon it's a 50/50 of life being an asshole and me being an asshole. Either way, I can count on two hands the happy memories I have of my 25 years being alive. 


I didn't start taking my mental health seriously until a few years ago. Prior to that I smoked, over ate, over drank, and basically sat on my ass all day with my now ex who wasn't great for me (nor I him). I couldn't even handle a part time job as the stress was too much. I bounced around university programs until I settled on an easy, useless degree to appease my family. I'm just trying to paint a picture here. 


So the current picture is this: I'm a mental health professionals wet dream. I decided I couldn't use my experiences in life as an excuse to be a lazy slob and decided to do something about it. From then on I've quit smoking, drink minimally, eat healthy enough, exercise a few times a week, have built friendships, started new hobbies, went into a healthy(er) relationship, see a counsellor, am on medication that seems to work quite well (for the most part, obviously), and I practice loving and appreciating myself. I have a great relationship with my parent who is letting me 'house sit' so I can pay off my student loans without worrying about rent. I have a full time job that is basically data entry and make less than I should for someone with a degree but enough for someone living rent free. Overall, I have a really great life that isn't very stressful and has given me many opportunities I should be appreciative of. 


So why the fuck do I want to kill myself? Why can't I just be content with my boyfriend, my job, my life. Why do I want to cry all the time, why do I get upset, angry, and stressed so easily. Why do I hate my life? I feel guilt about everything, I even retroactively remember things that weren't bad and turn it into something to ruminate on. I am so sick of my constant state of guilt, remorse, sadness, and anxiety. 


I feel like I've done everything I can and I think maybe some people just aren't cut out for life. I live in constant pain and fear and sadness. I'm too tired, tired of this roller coaster. I know I'll be happy again, I know there are things to look forward to in life but I also know I'm going to hit the bottom at some point. I am so sick of clawing my way back up only to be pushed down. I just feel done. I don't want to get up anymore. 