I made the worst decision in my life.Okay, this is about to be a wall of text so please bare with me.
Nine months ago I took a gamble, I pursued my dreams and I thought everything was going to be OK. But it turns out I fucked up my life beyond repair. I have no prospects, I have no dreams or aspirations right now. I am literally one step in the wrong direction from a shallow grave. I was accepted into an elite performing arts school in california. I knew this would be an amazing opportunity for me, but I had to move across the country to do so, as I was living in michigan. I had a girlfriend of two years, and I was only eighteen years old. I got her a ring. I loved her, and I don't think I ever stopped loving her. A week into my stay in california i made the selfish and stupid decision to let her go for the next attractive female i saw. This mistake came back to haunt me. I decided after nine months of working myself nearly to death that this "school" wasn't for me. I was at school from 9am to 9pm, then i had an hour break and rehearsal started at 10pm and usually ended around 3am, then i had to go "home" and do home work. EVERY DAY execept for sunday. I quickly became consumed by my depression and anxiety, but me being the tough teenage male that I am, i gave up on my antidepressiants and antianxiety meds as soon as i got out there, because I "didn't need it". And now, i'm sitting in a basement in Michigan, just now deciding that I am never going to go back to california, leaving  behind the girl that I met in california, and leaving me without the love of my life that I had here. 
I'm such a fucking failure, I hate the direction my life is going and I dont know what I want to do with my life. I love this girl so much, (the one in michigan) but i broke her heart, and i will never be able to get her back. She's moving to washington at the end of the summer, and when that happens I'm afraid of what I'm going to do to my self. I'm a shell of the man that I once was. I was happy, I was content, then i gave it all up to do something that I will ALWAYS regret. 
I regret -everything-
I want help. 
I don't want to die, but i have nothing to live for.
-anon.