Lost All MotivationEver since I was is seventh grade, I've wanted to stop living. Since then, the frequency with which I feel this way has steadily increased. A few months ago, the desire started to be a constant thing. Even when I'm happy, I know I'd rather not be living.
By every standard, I have a great life. I have the best family ever, and I love them a lot. I live in a great house, and we are financially secure. I am not bullied in any way. I do very well in school; three of my classes are AP and the other three I take at the university. But I still don't enjoy living. I think this comes from the fact that I believe that there is no reason for any humans to live, at all. The universe is impartial; it doesn't care whether we continue to exist as a species for several thousand years more or die now. So why not now? I am not going to change my view that life is insignificant.
I'm not writing here with hopes that anyone will restore my faith in life, so please don't bother trying. I also know that as much as I want to, I will never commit suicide, because I cannot bear the thought of the pain through which that would put my family. I know, for a fact, that unless the rest of my family died, I would never try to kill myself.
But that doesn't stop me from wanting to do so, all the time. I used to imagine that I would become a great physicist or mathematician or engineer with a great family in a big beautiful house. I just don't have these wishes anymore, because I want more than anything to not reach that time in my life. I don't want to hang out with anyone anymore, and I don't have any friends, because I just don't feel like I can connect with anyone outside my family anymore. I have lost all motivation, and I feel like the only thing that's keeping me going is the momentum I have built up. I'm on track to be able to achieve my wishes, but I just don't love physics and math the way I used to. I have started having trouble falling asleep, because I don't look forward to things anymore or feel satisfied at the end of the day, so I am only left with sadness and stress. I want to be able to be motivated and excited, and simply not apathetic about everything, but I don't know how. This is where I'm looking for answers. I do not want my family to find out about this, because I know it would crush them. What should I do?