Suicide seems to be my only option. (TW: rape)This will be long. I'm 22F. So to start from the beginning, my father was emotionally abusive as a kid (for example: he'd threaten to kill my mom and kidnap me and take me to Mexico, literally tried to hire a hit on my mom, threatened to sell me into sex slavery etc.). I also developed a phobia of dogs as a kid. My father used this against me by threatening to lock me outside with his two dogs (German Shepard and a large mutt) if I didn't do what he said. For example, he'd call my mother a bitch and if I tried to defend her he'd threaten to lock me outside with the dogs. So I did whatever I had to in order to appease him. 
Well, in third grade my mom moved us out of the state (away from all family unfortunately) and I've never seen him again. He got locked up when I was in middle school (unrelated charge) and has been in prison ever since. My phobia of dogs became way worse because of him so I was too scared to play outside or go to friends' houses as a kid. So I have always been a loaner. Eventually I became terrified of all insects too, which also made me despise leaving the house. 
Started developing severe OCD/depression/anxiety/suicidal ideation in middle school. Also became terrified of demons/evil spirits, convincing myself that there were demons in the house. I have at many times been convinced that I was possessed by a demon. For years I have even sometimes hallucinated shadow figures, spirits, and insects. I also have severe derealization and depersonalization. This causes my memory to be terrible. Sometimes I don't even recognize my own face in photos.
When I was 17, my dumb ass started selling weed (maybe as a way to make me feel less numb) so I started putting myself in bad situations because, again, I'm a fucking dumb ass. I spent the night at a 21 year old guy's house and I had sex with him once consentually. Then he raped me later that night. I was too scared to fight back cuz he had 2 big dogs in the other room, and he had them kind of as guard dogs so they were not friendly. Then I think he drugged me after that cuz things got hazy and I was really out of it. He left the room and told me to lay on my stomach then I heard his two roommates come in with him (but the room was pitch black so I couldn't see) and they all raped me (in all possible ways) and eventually I passed out but woke up in the morning and was bleeding; it hurt so fucking bad. He acted as though nothing happened. Again, I was too out-of-it and scared of their dogs to fight back. When I got home I noticed w*sps outside and became terrified, marking the beginning of my crippling phobia of w*sps. I can't say the word so don't comment that word without the asterisk please. I think of their $tingers as dicks so when I see one I kinda think they're trying to rape me. If that makes any sense. 
Then i started hooking up with a 34 year old and one time i went to his house and he had been drinking and i made it very clear that i didnt wanna have sex but he raped me anyways. Then one time i was selling someone an ounce of weed and he robbed me and raped me in the back seat of my car. All 3 rapes happened within a six month span. 
So the phobia of w*sps/dogs is so bad I literally only leave my house for work and even then im terrified. No one understands. They all just say to get over it. Therapists are all useless. 
So obviously I have no friends. I go to college online (I wanna be a teacher) but am so depressed I gave up a week ago, didn't do any of my midterms, so of course I'm failing all those classes. I have body dysmorphia and hate myself with a burning passion. I'm 5 foot 6, 103 pounds but still think I'm fat as fuck. I can see my ribs and hip bones, but I have a large bone structure so I'm still fat. I starve myself to lose weight (I wanna lose 15 more pounds) and mainly only consume calories in alcohol. It helps to numb my emotions. I may lose my job cuz I'm too scared to leave the house. Men always leave me cuz im fucking batshit and am often too scared to leave my house. I cant blame them. I am utterly unlovable and pathetic. I wanna die.