YouYou find me worthy of note

As a kid you fill yourself up in fairy tells. One after another, you’re full of those thoughts that, maybe just one day you will be in a fairy tail. That maybe one day you will be that princess and you will live happily ever after in that castle with the love of your life. But as you grow up you realize that all the tails we were told were lies. The tooth fairy isn’t real, Santa doesn’t deliver presents and eat cookies on Christmas Eve, but most of all you don’t get your happy ending. You don’t get your prince, you don’t deserve a prince to come swooping you off your feet. You soon realize you were doomed the second you took your first breath and was brought into. This cruel cruel place. You were surrounded by love, nothing but love and bliss. But that was never enough to fill that void. The void that you never knew was there, the void that slowly grew bigger and bigger until you were fully consumed in nothing but a dark Abis. A darkness that you crave to come out of so you surround yourself with fake friends and the people you crave to be knowing you will never be like them. You were always different and never had a place. You had many friends but that never filed the void. The hole inside of you that just gets bigger everyday. The hole that was burnt into your skin at the small pure age. You tried to please everyone. You craved the attention you craved loved. But that was never enough, the cravings never went away. Will they ever go away? You dress weird to get the attention you so crave, you surround yourself with people who don’t look, nor act like you to stand out. But maybe the key was to always blend in, maybe you weren’t supposed to stand out like those princesses in those tails to find the one person who truly gets you. Maybe its all a lie and you just have to deal with it. You have to deal with the looks your family gives you once you walk in the door, that feeling you get knowing that they would never love you because you were far too different from them, They were scared of your exsistne. They craved to be you while you craved to be anyone but you. You try to ignore the ignorance of your mother and she will never truly understand because at the end of the day, her tv shows were more important than your Childs wellbeing. You try to express yourself but you were never taught how so you bottle it up because you know nobody will ever understand you, nor how you feel. You look around you and see all the materialistic things that just don’t matter. You see the dream catchers that you love so much because you stupidly believe that they will bring you peace and keep the bad things away. But you failed to realize that the bad thing was you. You look n the mirror and don’t see yourself, you see your past. You see everything you ever did wrong and wish you wish so hard that you could take it all back. You think about those times when you were young when you would sit on the floor and place at the window looking for the faithful shooting stars. You wished for life and everything more. You wished but unfortanly that dream never came true. You observe the people around you and come to realize that they never actually believed in you, no they don’t even know you. They are so consumed in themselves to take notice of the small marks on your arm or the inconsistency of your speech. You try to reach out, you crave help. You want someone to know, you want someone to care. They people who say they will go to the moon and back for you are liars you soon realize. You see that they never meant there words and if they could, they would take them all back without a second thought. You glace around your room and you’re surrounded in the past. You see your pink bunk bed ad your fav riot stuffed animal on the bed as you watch your favorite shows. Or the slight nock on the door as you’re cooking away a storm with you plastic toys. And you crave so badly to go back and be that youthful child again. You crave your innocence once againn before it was taken. You remember the times when she fondled you an stole that joy from you. Ou remember her red car and her stuffed animals. You remember it was her knock on the door and the pure oblivion that you had. You remember her telling you to set down your toys and that it would only take a second. You remember the smoke on her breath and the rot in her teeth. You remember her sitting you on the bed and lifing your shirt and you most certainly remember her pushing her hand down your favorite pink skort. You remember that rainbow shirt she always wore with her hat backwards. You remember the bubble baths and the long stares at you. You remember when you were sat on her bed and told to watch her as she got undressed, you looked away but she forced you to look again. You remember her clamming hands roaming all over you infant body. You remember the fear that raced through you when she would pick you up from school early. You remember the time she gave you some of her drink and you got all fuzzy. You remember when he saved you. You remember when things were getting better. You remember when you no longer had to see her, nor feel her grabby hands or smell her smoky breath. You remember the good arts of your inoconce. You loved going on bike ride, you loved playing with your siblings. You loved getting green cards and seeing your mother happy. You loved the slides and you loved your moms video camera. You had so much in you nd you can’t help but wonder what happened, were did all that go. What happed to that little girl with twists and clips. You remember the Redbox movie nights and the homemade cards.You always wanted to grow up. You always wanted to be 16, to have all the friends and life. To have all the things that little girl with pink skort wanted. But now you reflect on another sleepless night and know that little girl won’t ever get her wishes answered. With that you sign off, close the chapter and continue to wish, hoping that one day, just one day those dreams wi become a reality. But for now you will sink back into the Abis were you’ve made a home. Were you’re always welcomed and hopeless.