It's not that I want to die... I just can't find any reason to live... Please help me...I am 26 and things are relatively okay. I have a job, a nice place to live and food on my table. 

I hate my job, but I get through it. I have health problems, but I am managing them. But all in all, things really aren't SO bad. 

As far as I can tell, I'm not really severely depressed or anything. For the most part, I do generally feel OKAY.

So it's not negativity or depression or tough situations that are weighing me down, but more so a lack of positivity, a lack of happiness, a lack of PURPOSE.

Every night I go to sleep and every morning I wake up... I can't help but focus on the fact that I have no reason to keep slogging through each day. I ask myself "why am I waking up again? For what? What's the point?" I have nothing to look forward to. The things I do enjoy in life give me temporary meaning and purpose, but only on a very shallow level. It doesn't feel fulfilling, I don't feel long term happiness from doing what I enjoy.

I need something to look forward to long term. I do not want to have kids.

I have no real friends or people to interact with. ( All my true friends either moved away and the ones around still do everything they can to avoid me and the others have severe drinking problems which gets in the way of everything.)

I am always trying to reach out to people and do things, to try and give my life meaning or maybe build some kind of foundation again, and it just never works out. Regardless, I am still being persistent, I am still trying to find purpose and I am working every angle I can to try to find a way. But it all just feels impossible.

When I was younger, I used to feel like I knew what I wanted to do with my time, or at least some idea. I never know now. I never know anything anymore. I don't know what to do with my time or how to feel even...

I love playing music and being creative. ( Writing, making art, music, etc.)

I love playing video games.

I love traveling and exploring.

I love socializing and spending time with people and trying new things. 

I enjoy a great many things life has to offer, but none of it gives me a lasting feeling of happiness or the feeling of a true purpose. None of it justifies waking up every day just to work so I can continue to suffer and feel miserable, only to trudge through another day of emptiness, only to have temporary relief when I do something I enjoy, which is very rare.

I know life can be so much more, and I want to keep trying, and that's why you're reading this now, I exhausted all other options. I am desperate. I am so far from actually killing myself, but the thought is now a permanent fixture in my life. 

The things I enjoy just don't provide me with any sense of lasting happiness or purpose like they used to. The lack of tangible social connection hurts, but it's not me, I put a lot of time and energy into trying, it's others who won't let me in. Health problems make me focus on the inevitable; that we all die eventually. It makes me more aware that we all will die eventually. I'm not someone who can just "not think about it".

I used to feel like I knew what I wanted to do with my time, or at least some idea. I never know now. I never know anything anymore. I don't know what to do or what to feel or why I should keep going...

I just don't know how I can keep waking up to work the rest of my life away if I have nothing to look forward to, nothing to work towards, no reason to live in sight. Work wouldn't be bother me if I had a REASON to work for.

I want to find happiness, I want to find a purpose or a drive. Something. So that when I go to sleep, I WANT to wake up in the morning. So I WANT to keep going. Because lately, I just don't want to anymore...

Thank you for reading.