Just a few questions ..Writing this would feel hardcore emo to the max, but eh, here goes nothing ...

Why live? I don't hate life, I just find it rather void of meaning. I'm only 17, and already at college from 6 in the morning to 4 in the afternoon everyday, busting my balls. And what will I do after college? I'll spend the rest of my life working in a cubicle for 8 hours a day, earning worthless pieces of paper with which I might end up wiping my ass in a couple of years. Talking of college, chances are I'll drop out and will never finish my degree due to my intense lack of motivation (failing all my core classes). In fact, I hate the field of my study, but I love my family to a point that I cannot disappoint them by switching majors (my father is very excited about my program. He loves peeking over my desk and seeing what I do, and always pushes a little laughter of excitement afterwards). I'd go as far as to say that they're the only reason I'm still here. I'm still alive because I simply don't want to make them suffer by suiciding. Motivation doesn't work either. My top goal to move back to Europe after finishing university, but I'm apathetic about that too nowadays.

Now that I've spilled my thoughts into an unorganized paragraph, I'd like to let you know that I'm not really suicidal (well, accidents are always welcome, but I won't go out of my way to end my life), just generally tired of life and its bullshit and looking for someone to answer this - why live? Why go through all this hassle?

And the most ironic part? I'm the guy that everyone goes to see with their problems, asking me how to be more confident, get girls, etc. Then after I've sorted their life out (helped them work out, confidence, basic-fucking-hygiene rules, fashion, communication, etc.), they simply forget about me and start hanging out with their new zyzz, pauly-d and the situation friends.

tl;dr - downwards spiral, hate my university degree, no motivation, someone tell me - why go through all this bullshit?