Edging closer to going through with it each day.Hi all,

I’m writing this from a very dark place at the moment so i apologize if this all sounds negative but I guess that makes since considering the topic. 

I’m your average 21 year old American dude, but as of lately my life has been emotional hell and my mental health has been slowly deteriorating. I’ve had a mix of mild anxiety and depression since I was in middle school and it’s a battle I’ve been fighting since then. Over the years I’ve often thought about ending my own life as I don’t find much happiness in anything but I’ve always stuck around for family and the few people that actually matter to me. Once I entered college I thought there might be hope that maybe I could find my footing as a budding adult, and for a second that was true, but now it’s actually gotten worse over time. 2 years ago I met a very special girl and for the first time I genuinely fell in love with someone. The year and a half I spent with her were the best times of my life. I finally found something that made my miserable ass feel content and happy for once in my life. Back in April however, this all came to and end when she dumped me and it would be an understatement to say I’m devastated.

It’s June now, and she’s still all I think about and I once again have nothing in my life that brings me any happiness. Now I’m finally to the point where I’m starting to actually consider turning the lights off for good. I’m tired of feeling like things will never get better and I’m tired of having to live with the fact I lost the one thing o ever loved. 

Each day is another drop of water on the fire and only time will tell when I finally fizzle out. My heart hurts when I think about how my family, close friends and my ex will react to the news when this happens, but in a fucked up selfish kind of way I’m starting to not care anymore. 

If you made it this far that’s really all I have to say about what I’m going through. Figured maybe y’all might have some words that could inspire me but I don’t know if it’ll help if I’m being honest.

Thanks for your time.