I have suicidal thoughts and I don't know what to do with them.TRIGGER WARNING: suicidal thoughts and eating disorders

Sorry for the long post, tldr in the end. 

Someone suggested I post this on this subreddit so here it is. 

Context: I'm 26, unemployed though have a great degree, have been abused my whole life by family and bullies and teachers alike, have a wild array of mental illnesses caused by that.

I ran away from home and moved in with my boyfriend (to his dad's house) who is an amazing person generally. The thing is, he broke up with his previous gf to be with me. We have a past going way back, and we sort of just fell in love again when we talked again after several years. He didn't have time to grieve the loss of that relationship, which he's doing now. He told me he misses her and he doesn't usually think about her, but when he starts thinking he can't stop.

He also learned his lifelong best friend had been hitting on this ex, breaking one of the biggest bro codes. Well, he learned that a few hours after I saw on his phone that he had texted his ex saying he missed her. I told him that's unacceptable and it won't happen again or I'm gone. 

I know a lot of people will say just break up with him now but I'm not going to. He deserves a chance to grieve a relationship that he ended on bad terms, and I'm accepting this one fuck up as nothing more than a fuck up. He doesn't have any other bad points yet that would have me end my relationship and for me this is just human nature. 

The thing is, since this happened, I have a whole lot of bad thoughts. My eating disorder I feel is relapsing, and I've been in recovery for about a year now and all that might go to waste. I can't afford to see my therapist at the moment since neither me nor my boyfriend have any proper income, only some allowance from parents.

I constantly have thoughts like "I've never been happy, all the people I should be able to trust wholeheartedly has hurt me one way or another, what's the point in staying alive?" or "If I were dead I wouldn't need to deal with all this shit." I haven't been this suicidal in maybe a year as well. I had been recovering on a lot of levels.

I was used to being suicidal all the time before but I've been okay for so long now that I have no idea how to handle this. I keep taking xanax (prescribed to me alongside an antidepressant) but I'm running out and I don't want to keep taking it and develop an addiction. I don't know what to do with myself once the thoughts come out.

How to deal with being suicidal? Or intrusive thoughts? Any advice is appreciated.

Tldr my mental illnesses relapsed and I need to know how to not kill myself