I have everything going for me in life but no one knows I was raped years ago and I can't move on. I want to dieThrowaway. A bit long but thank you for reading. I have no friends or family and am at the end of the road. 

I (28F) was raped 4 years ago. It was my first and only sexual experience. I was drugged by an ex colleague and woke up dazed and covered in blood. I was so shocked that I lost my hearing for a few days. This, I never told anyone and carried the burden on my back. I have tried suicide 3 times but survived each time. 

I lost my job shortly after due to psychosis. A friend called me up 1 day as her friend was looking for casual help. I don't know what made me go but I did. I was offered a full time role instead and took it. It was a job in a departmental store for a fashion brand - retail basically. 

Fastforward to 4 years later, present day. I had slowly moved out job by job and after many things that happened and miraculously, I am now working in a famous tech company, earing so much more than I could imagine, surrounded by amazing people. I have everything going for me. 

But alot of nights, I burst into tears over what happened. I can't get over the shock of what happened to me. I have only told my boyfriend who then proceeded to break up with me over it. 

I should be happy that I have 'overcomed' something so big but why is it that I am feeling that there is no reason to my life, constantly crying etc. I have also developed bulimia in the last few years after the rape ordeal. I have never told anyone this. 
Last week I threw up so badly, and my throat was not only sore but I could taste my own blood. 

I don't know what I'm doing with my life. I want to die. 
I lost my boyfriend - the love of my life, who told me I am not good enough. I can't trust humans esp guys. I am fearful of going out at night and rush home at 6pm everyday even years later. 
I can't stop taking sleeping pills with alcohol because I secretly hope I will be able to finally die. 

Tldr: Raped 4 years ago, lost my job. I am doing so well now career wise but can't accept what happened. Shared it with my now ex bf, who dumped me. Addicted to sleeping pills and alcohol because I secretly want to die. I have 0 friends and family.  Suicide attempt failed 3 times.
