stuckI feel like i'm backed against a wall. Painfully aware of the devastating effects suicide has on family and friends due to a young family member recently succeeding in an attempt. I have been in a mess before, seems to happen every year and a half, and I really thought I was in a position where I could control myself, but I'm losing it. 

I recently had to move out of a flat because an apparent friend got into my bed while I was asleep, and I woke up to him touching me. I have spiralled since this and become isolated from all my old friends because they are all in the same social group and I feel like I can't trust anyone anymore.

I've had to move back in with my parents, where i'm sleeping on a sofa and have no personal space. I've jumped through every hoop I know from previous episodes of depression. I've been signed off work and I feel like they are all wondering why I've been off for weeks. I can't breathe in this house. I had been staying at my boyfriends every night to get away but he went on holiday today and he was my line of support. I had been referred to a psychologist but he cut the session short because he said he felt like I was becoming more stressed by his suggestions than it was a help to me. I'm back at stage one. I have just run out of fight and it feels like noone can help me. 

I feel like I have no grounding and I don't know who I am or what I should be doing with my life. The state of emotional distress i'm in is the most acute I have ever experienced and it feels unjustified. I've seen my GP, they've been swapping my pills around to try and get me back on my feet. I'm an adult but my mother grew up with me being unstable and she breathes down my neck at the first sign, especially after the loss of said family member. I feel absolutely suffocated and I have planned a trip away by myself the day after tomorrow, and I know the only option I have is to go to the hospital and admit I am a danger to myself. If I do that I know i'll end up in a facility again and I absolutely can't stand the thought of my family becoming aware of the severity of the situation. I have numbers i'm supposed to call but i'm surrounded by people and there is no way I can do that. 

This has been snowballing for months and I'm exhausted and i'm becoming a massive drain on my boyfriend but I feel like I can't breathe, that I have no escape route and it just isn't going to end. I don't know why being awake is so painfully unbearable right now and now my boyfriend is not here my will to carry on is becoming pathetic and I'm scared of myself. I really don't know what to do.