Anyone know an actual good experience mental hospital?I want to die

Hi, I’m 23 years old and I want to end it all. I just got done cutting myself 6 times. I may be extremely dramatic/psycho. I’m not sure what is wrong with me. I have been diagnosed with depression and anxiety, then bipolar, and now borderline personality disorder. I need attention, which is completely sad. I’m 5’3’’ weighing at 240. I feel gross and look gross. I suffer from sexual, emotional abuse. All from different people. Currently, though, I think about killing myself everyday. I have a 7 year old daughter, that I know will be better off without me. I am with my husband, which I’ve been with since I was 13. I look back at it and which I should of left him a long time ago. I have been suicidal since I was about 10. My sister used to physically abuse me and my parents were toxic. My husband makes me feel like my feelings don’t matter. He also, at first, thought mental illness was bs. I was tired of him treating me like complete shit and left him last year. I got back with him though. I love that man, but there are times that I hate him with all my might. Today he made me want to kill myself for something soooo stupid. I didn’t do anything all day and stayed in bed. You know because I’m depressed as shit. He came home and said why isn’t it clean. I then said most of this shit is yours. Everything on the floor is yours and the bathroom is dirty because of you. Which he then said I clean when you go to work, why can’t you. Like first I shower maybe about once a week maybe even longer. What makes him think I have the energy to clean the damn house. I have to deal with my daughter all day. I then told him I cook and clean for you but today I didn’t. Which he said oh so now you are being ungrateful because I cook and clean for you. I didn’t mean it like that at all. Which I then lost it and said alll I said is please clean up after yourself. He said it take about 4 minutes to clean all this up why can’t you do it. I said if it take 4 minutes then clean it. I then had a whole breakdown and my hatred for him grew stronger because the whole time he was looking at me like I was the craziest bitch out there. Other days though he acts like an angel. Idk what to do. I haven’t told him I cut myself yet but at this point idc. I need help but everything is expensive!!! I take medications but nothing is working idk I have a lot of problem that, well aren’t even worth it!!