There's no room for me here.Hey reddit. I never thought I would be posting here, but look at me now.
I'm a 16 year old Canadian male, and quite frankly, there's no place for me in the world.

Everyone in life has a passion, something they like, something they enjoy. And then everyone has a job, which they enjoy to some degree aswell. and if not, a dream job. Everyone has something to look forward to.

Not me. I don't have anything I'm passionate about, or feel that I could be passionate about. They always ask me if I want to play hockey, go skiing, watch a movie, and I always refuse. People ask me what I do after school when I get home and I cant really answer that. I come home, and read or go on reddit or other media sites. I do this for lack of anything better to do. I also go on long, long walks down the endless roads of cornfields I live by. I program small things because it's purely logical thinking, and keeps my mind busy. I can only program things that have already been done, because I don't have an original thought in my head.

I've always been like this, since I was a kid and everyone asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up, I've always told them I didn't know. You know when you're 5 years old and you wanted to be a firefighter? I never had that.

I can't see myself anywhere in the future. People can always atleast think of a category of somewhere to get into (ex business, mechanics, etc). I can't. I honestly can't. Not even a job where I can think "hey, I could do that I guess", there's nothing I can think of at all.

That's where my parents come in. My dad is no longer going to pay for college or university because of my indecisiveness. I'm not too hurt by it, because I didn't know what I was going to go to college for for anyway. I guess it just cuts off another road I could have taken. 

My best friend (before he died of a blood clot in his brain during the summer) said that I was still young, and that there was still hope for me. I somehow doubt there's something I'm not seeing.

I don't fit anywhere, and that's where I stand. 

I don't know why i am making this post.
I don't know what I'm looking for.
I just figured I would post here - this sounds so stupid, i sound like an attention whore. I don't know what else to say.