How am I supposed to recover from this?I finally know what it is like to be so miserable that you can't even do anything. I've been suicidal for a long time and had one attempt a little while ago (though I failed miserably because I had doubts). But I'm on medication now that seemed to be helping a little and when I got really bad I could smoke weed to help. Well none of it helps anymore. I've had some bad things happen to me and because of them I have never trusted anyone. I've never shared my problems or "talked" with anyone about my depression because I would feel stupid doing it and believe the other person didn't care. Well about a half a year ago I met someone I thought was very special and I thought I could open up to them. We talked a lot and told each other our problems and I told them things I could never tell anyone before. For a while they have been the only reason I could function, because I thought they were always there for me and I was there for them. I was wrong. I found out they couldn't give a damn about me and all these months have been a lie. The only person I have ever loved couldn't give two shits about me. I wish they just never pretended to be something they weren't. I can't believe I let myself trust anyone. I feel so fucking dead right now. These last few days I have barely been able to eat or sleep and all day I just fucking sit here and stare at nothing. I have no one. Even my "friends" are shitty people. Or maybe I'm the shitty person and blames it on everyone else, I don't know anymore. Even when I tried to commit suicide before I didn't feel as bad as I did right now. I would have done anything for this person. They were my whole world and I was nothing to them. Even if I didn't kill myself I know I will never be able to trust another human being again, so what's the point? Even now I can't interact with anyone without thinking they are a liar and what they must think about me. I can't live on my own. I need to interact with people but now I can't even do that. My life itself is a joke too. I have nothing and literally all I think about is suicide