I know it's still there.This last year had me contemplate suicide as a valid solution to my problems.

The problem started long ago when I was critically injured on the job years ago. This left me in constant physical pain that I still deal with today. The insurance issue was complicated by lawyers dragging it out in court in an attempt to get a settlement. I wanted to die. Some days I couldn't feel my legs and others I was in excruciating pain that only Demerol could numb for a while. 

Only one thing kept me going through that hell and the physical therapy that allowed me to walk again-my then girlfriend. She cooked for me, helped me shower, and basically everything. It was the only time in my life I felt safe. 

After getting cleared to go back to work, the settlement came through and I had enough cash to pay cash for an engineering degree. I jumped on the opportunity and worked in a machine shop to help my girlfriend get anything she needed. Then the auto plant shutdown. I graduated and needed a job. At this point I was engaged to her. I went to work in the oilfields, and made out like a fucking bandit. Then one day, on my off rotation, I went back home and something wasn't right. When I hopped on the plane for my 6th hitch, she gave me a long hug. My inner monologue said "This is the last time."

And that was the hardest walk I've ever had to make in my life. I got on the plane, went back to the hellhole and then got a dear john letter. I was devastated. The coup-de-grace was getting laid off the next day. 

See, next to my ex-fiancé, the only thing I ever cared about that reciprocated was my line of work. This is complicated by the fact the only reason I stayed alive in the first place is that I knew if I left this world, even with my life insurance and insurance settlement, my fiancé would be alone. So, the only logical decision was to keep suffering and I did, because leaving her alone and confused in the world was not a valid outcome. 

Last week, I go laid off for a second time from my temp gig as a CNC Operator. I toyed with offing myself, because at this point the only constant in my life is the physical pain and surgical scars from the accident and the morning routine I have to do to get limber enough to move around.

Now am I actively going to make abstract art in my bathroom with my brain tissue and cranial structure? No. Has the idea crossed my mind? Yes. Do I like being in a similar mindset that I was a long time ago when I first got injured? No, and I don't know how to fix it.  