I have isolated myself so much it's never gotten this bad beforeI didn't even have the guts to post this on my main account. I just dont want anyone to find it and use it against me. 
The antidepressants just aren't working again! I dont want to go to my doctor again because im scared he won't believe me. I'm just so afraid of being ridiculed or talked down to. 
I barely come out of my room anymore and my mom is getting worried I feel so bad im just not the same. She deserves better 
My sisters are here all the time. I can't take their comments anymore. I know that all I do is play video games im a failure I barely graduated from high school and can barely keep a part time job at the stupid grocery store.
I used to write stories but I can't do it anymore a few weeks ago I tried to kill myself and burned hundreds of pages of writing. My storyboards my notebooks the only thing I was alive for.
I just didn't want them to laugh at me again
 When my sisters found out that that was my hobby they teased me. I dont have anything now. I can't start over. My friend can't know im out of ideas if I dont keep writing for her she won't be my friend anymore. But I can't even roleplay with her anymore I can't think fast enough. 
My sisters were all so much better than me in high school they got As and went to prom and played sports and I could hardly even make friends and when I did it was just so they could ask out my other friend because im the ugly one. 
I was adopted im not like the rest of my family im 19 years old and I've never ever felt so isolated from my own family i just kept telling myself that they were teasing and that it shouldn't hurt my feelings but when I told my dad I tried to kill myself he laughed at me. I can't tell anyone else I dont want to be humiliated again. I havent been eating. I dropped something at work and my coworker was nice she always is but I felt so stupid. I feel so alone
I want to die all over again im supposed to be better. I'm supposed to be happy I can't hold it together anymore people are noticing I'm not doing well im so pathetic I can't even pull myself together to text my friend. She probably thinks I'm mad at her and I feel so bad but I dont want her to know. I dont want anyone to know. This is the first time I've said something in 2 years and I couldn't even post to my main account.