Things are bad, fam.This is my first post here so yeah. I really haven't been doing well. I had a suicidal episode last night because things were just piling on. I have a problem where no matter how I try to say or explain something, it always sounds weird and a lot of people can't understand what I'm saying. They jump the gun and assume what I'm trying to say, interrupt me, get impatient with me when my speech and thought patterns don't match up with their expectation of how I "should" be talking. 

I'm in a lot of pain due to an ovarian cyst that my doctors insist on delaying the removal of, and it's really screwing with my moods, but my stepfather is always trying to one-up me. I can't simply talk about something without having him say something along the lines of "yeah well my back hurts, I'll trade you" and it's starting to really get on my nerves. I'm not allowed to hurt without someone telling me that they have it worse. 

Both him and my mother have health issues that they refuse to get treatment for, which leaves me doing the housework and constantly shouldering their physical and emotional burdens. It's really wearing me down. 

I can't get a job because of my agoraphobia and anxiety, and the fact that if I were to leave the house for more than 5 hours it would go to hell because my stepfather can't walk and my mother simply refuses to do any sort of housework. Because of this, I can't buy my own things, I can't contribute financially, and I can't buy things that would make me happy. 

I have so many leftover pills from prescriptions I've had in the past that I've saved up because I'm terrified to get rid of them in case my psych were to drop me and stop prescribing anything. It's comforting to know I have a stash I can fall back on if that were to happen so I don't stop cold turkey, but it's also scary to know that I have a very accessible method of suicide. And yet I can't bring myself to throw them away because if push comes to shove and I finally decide to end it, I won't have anything. 

My mom was addicted to pain medication for years. Even though she's clean now (well not really, she's going to a methadone clinic) I'm starting to fall into that pattern. I had surgery to remove another ovarian cyst last year and the pain meds they gave me made me feel like a brand new person. I had a brighter outlook, nothing bothered me, I had energy for the first time in a long time, I felt at peace. I started stealing them from a relative that's no longer with us. And I want it again, so badly. I'm craving it like water. 

I spent all day in my room today, and not once did anyone come to check on me or ask if I was alright. I'm really starting to think they would rather I be gone. That I'm nothing but a pest to them. I'm scared of dying but I really don't know another way to end this emptiness inside me that I've tried to fill with anything I could think of (food, drugs, cutting, etc.). While I'm not in immediate danger like I was last night, it's still lingering in my mind and the urge to isolate hasn't let up. It hurts.