Is my reason for suicide justified?i'm pretty sure mines justifiable. but i just need to mostly vent about my problem, since i suffer silently from it. as a warning, this is pretty explicit.

im 20 years old. ive always been healthy, went to the gym often and what not. very active and usually full of life, albeit not a social butterfly. earlier this year i was basically at my prime. happy, finally having a social life, going out with friends, fuckin girls. until 5 months ago i countered a yeast infection because i was too stupid to wear condoms. i'm supposed i'm std free. so i go to this doctor , who very, very stupidly prescribes me a strong steroid cream to put on my penis. she told me it would heal the infection faster. i thought ok great. so i use it for only a week, half the time i was told to use it, because eventually i looked up this cream and found out that you should never put that shit down there. i was shocked that this happened to me. i'm a statistic now. the steroid cream not only ruined my skin there, but it fucked with all of the vessels. the cream strongly constricted them, and as a result they are a lot weaker and i have damaged veins as well so i can't get proper erections any more. they are even painful now. i only applied the cream to my head, but this cream was so strong it reached all over my genitals parts of my pelvis. to paint an ugly picture, i now have a red burnt looking dick and red balls/genital area, with sensitive enlarged blood vessels all around. 

basically there's no cure for this. i've looked and tried every possible thing, but these past couple months i've just given up. to make things worse for me, i can't even enjoy weed anymore because i guess since my vessels are damaged it aggravates them, since thc opens vessels. i'm literally in tons of pain if i try to smoke. i use to be a big pothead, that's how people knew me. that was my thing, my escape, my means of bonding with friends, my way of treating my anxiety.

i'm just not happy anymore. my happiness and outlets (sex, weed, even masturbation) were robbed from me because of a dumb bitch "doctor".  i'm pretty depressed ever since this happened, and my problem down there seems to be getting worse instead of healing. i'm just fuckin done with this nightmare. i'm tired living like this. i've been wanting to end it all since this happened, but now i think i'm coming pretty close to actually doing it. so yeah here's my rant, hope this made some of you realize that you're not as fucked up as you think