In deep painPosting here because I have insestant thoughts of suicide. Things like gutting my self with a knife, slitting my own throat, buying a gun then blowing my brains out, or slamming my car into oncoming traffic, plague my mind day to day. I don't want to do these things, but I also can't cope with my life right now and would rather be dead. However, I have strong moral reasons to not go that route, yet the thoughts do not cease and more, or less, mock me.

Recently, I lost my savings of 60,000$ by a mistake of my own. It was the most money I ever had. I had quit my job and began to lease a house. Now I can't afford to continue the lease without a job. I recently just failed a drug test and need to do recovery to get my job back. 

What's worse is I am 30 years old and have always wanted a career in music. I struggle with anxiety when it comes to my creative work and have been paralized to make anything new. I feel time slipping for me and I fear my dream will never come true. I feel that 30 years old is too late to be a successful artist. That money I was hoping to use for my music, like videos and the like, but now I am set back even further. It could take me a year or more of grueling hard work to get back to where I was. My profession outside of my dream of making music is trucking, hence the drug test failure.

I just can't deal with knowing I will never see that money again, right now.

I have little motivation to start from zero again, and I also can't bear to be where I am now. It's just pain and pain. 

Not to mention a myriad of other things that have added up over time, that I am not comfortable to speak up about.

I don't know what anyone can say to ease my suffering and I know no one will make any of this go away.

I will say I am taking SSRI's from a mental health professional. She tells me to try and think positive,  but I only see a dark cloud above me.

I am lucky to have supportive friends and they know my situation,  but I feel like a burden when I reach out to them and I don't always get the understanding that I feel I need.

Thanks for reading.