Love my momLast night I started having a panic attack (wow what’s new) and typically when this happens I get my mom to just sit and hold me for a bit until I cool down, but last night she came in and just started yelling at me, telling me to “cut the bullshit” which made it 10x worse. She kept saying “stop doing this to yourself, you’re 18 now it’s not poor poor pitiful you anymore”. We started arguing because I told her why I was breaking down; I don’t feel any emotional support from her, ever. She was outraged by that. I can’t remember much of last night because it was all me crying and her screaming and me begging for help and at some point I grabbed a bottle of pills in my room and told her to get me a drink if she didn’t want to support me. She started counting down from 3 (gotta love that southern mom bs) and I just kept screaming that’s not gonna work. I threw the pills and I kept trying to leave my room but she blocked the door and wouldn’t let me leave. It took a good few shoves for me to finally get out and I just ran outside and headed for main street. My cousin ended up seeing me walking and drove me up to my aunts for the night. Call my mom while I’m up there to tell her I’m safe and she starts screaming at me to get my ass home and that she has cops out looking for me and that I’m a runaway (even though I’m 18 now?). I told her I was going to try and get home but I can’t drive, and she was about to send cops up to get me but my uncle said she can’t  and won’t do that. I ended up just going to sleep up there and I got back home at about 7am. Laid back down until 11 and I heard my mom talking in the back of the house. She was on the phone with my aunt talking shit about me and about how I tried to kill my self last night. As if that is going to make me feel better. She proceeded to start saying “well she didn’t take all those pills because she’s standing right here in front of me. What the hell do you want, you get those pills picked up?”. She then started saying shit like “you need to stop thinking about yourself and think about how everyone else feels” and I told her I’ve been thinking about how everyone else feels my entire life, which is why I’m the way I am now. I never thought about myself and now I am and she’s furious about it. I’m so tired of this. If I kill myself, it is HER fault for not being there for me. I can’t just “get tough” like she wants me to, i need HELP