My son tried to kill himself today. Will he ever not want to die?I heard all this after it happened. Please tell me if there is a better place to post this. I couldn't find a subreddit that fit the criteria of parents of mildly autistic teenagers who think about suicide daily. 

He is 14. 10th grade. Today he left the school building at lunch time and walked about 1 mile to the freeway overpass. He called 911 and told them that he was not safe and at the bridge. A police officer was about 200 feet away and heard the call on the radio. He ran to the bridge and physically grabbed my son as he was going through the brush to the freeway surrounding the overpass after he realized that the fencing was too high to climb. 

Police called the school then the principal and counselor got in a car and drove to the scene. They stayed with him while they tried to get ahold of parents and the counselor went with him to the hospital and I met them there. 

He has had some amount of suicidal ideation since he was 10. He was hospitalized in a crisis unit in January for having a plan and then again in August. Something happened with his girlfriend and triggered these last 2 episodes but it's really his underlying thinking that makes even small issues into an existential crisis that makes him not want to be alive. He sees the Psychiatrist for med check-ins every 2-3 weeks and sees a counselor weekly and was seeming to make progress. We have been following a safety plan and communicate with him about his thoughts and feelings multiple times a day. He signed a contract to not kill himself last night with the counselor. 

We are at the point where we have done everything that we can do. He has special ed services for Autism even though he is in accelerated and AP classes.  The school has done everything right. None of us feel that we can keep him safe. I think that we are looking at a long term treatment facility. I don't think he can safely go back to school and we don't know if we can completely keep him safe at home. 

I'm posting here because I really don't understand. His thoughts and feelings don't correlate at all with his environment. Of course we have made mistakes as parents but he has a really good life. I just wonder if he will ever not think about killing himself on a daily basis?
