I don't know anymore...I just don't know anymore. Why am I here? What is my purpose in this life? How the Hell am I important if all I do is screw something up sooner or later? I know I'm a failure; I don't need anyone to confirm if for me. It's been a known fact that I've been trying to cope with. There is no way I can talk to anyone I know about this...they'd either pass it off as some stupid teenage girl shit that I need to get over, or they'd ship me off to some strange doctor. I refuse to see a doctor. They don't make me feel right, no matter how much they may be trying to help me. Getting sent to a shrink would give me a panic attack...another idiotic and irrational thing to add to my giant list of failures. 

You know, I use to be the kid my friends would talk to for moral support, the person they'd reveal some secret to and swear to secrecy, whether it be relationship issues or self-harm. I told them that they needed to talk this out, whether it be getting things off their chests with their boyfriend/girlfriend, or telling their parents why they seemed to be "getting scratched by a cat" so often and seeing a doctor who could help them. All the did was make me some giant hypocrite. Sure, I guess my friends felt better after the talks, but good is the advice you give if you can't practice what you preach?

The thought of cutting myself seemed so repulsive for the longest time, but each day, the lust for the sight of blood and to be in control of my pain for ONCE in my life...it just became too tantalizing. I do it frequently now.

I'm nothing but a waste of oxygen and a scar on mankind. I'm fat, I'm ugly, and I'm convinced my soul purpose on this earth is to screw shit up and cause people pain. I'm sick of it. I'm sick of hurting people. I'm sick of people hurting me. I'm sick of the guilt.

I want to die.

...But I'm just a fucking coward. Is that what you'd call it? Not brave enough to take the "cowardly way out"? Hah. Let's add another thing to that damn list. 

I miss being a little kid. I miss being happy no matter what went fucking wrong in your life. I miss asking my parents for a damned dog, pouting when they lectured me on responsibility, and squealing with delight when I realized that they brought one home. I miss begging my parents to follow the rainbow all the way to the end, because I knew that pot of gold had to be somewhere, right? The gold had to be at the end of the journey, there just had to be some reward...

But I never found anything worth calling a "reward". Unless this pain, this misery, this guilt...this is what I get for sticking it out this far. What's the point? Nobody would care if I offed myself tonight. My "friends" would maybe be a little sad at first (if I'm lucky), but I'm just some nobody. They'd get over it in no time. My siblings would be glad to get rid of some competition for Mommy and Daddy's attention. My parents...I don't know. My mom's got her new "hubby" to keep her happy, so she'll get over it. Her "hubby" doesn't like his own kids, so who am I to him? He'd be glad that I finally decided to opt out. My dad...maybe he'd be sad. But he's always yelling. It's mostly me he's angry with though. I often wonder if he sees me as some piece of crap he's obligated to love.

You guys...maybe you'd be sad that you couldn't help one of the many people on here threatening suicide. But that's all it would be. You'd be sad that another person just couldn't take it anymore and decided that now's a good a time as any. But it wouldn't affect you any. So I don't know why I'm pouring my heart out to strangers. I'm just sick of it all. Maybe I could convince someone to help me off myself, someone who wouldn't give a shit either way... I just don't know.

And it's killing me.

Slowly but surely, my mind is losing itself to this internal battle.