Any advice?I am not suicidal or depressed myself, however, I am currently in a relationship with an amazing girl who unfortunately struggles with anxiety, depression, and has suicidal thoughts daily.

She has been going through this for roughly three years now and having only found out about it only last year I have gone above and beyond to giving every single inch of support and help for her, even before we started dating. To give context, we have been together for 10 months starting today.

There are many factors that weigh in to the causes of her depression and anxiety, including a very harmful family, mainly her mother and older sister, who also have mental issues of their own, over the years they scream at her and abuse her, her mother even makes degrading comments, like telling her that she's fat in everything she wears when she really doesn't and she's absolutely beautiful. She used to get bullied during middle school and still gets picked on and left out of every group, she's dropped out of her dance studio but is now on the school dance team, she loves theatre but hardly gets casted in shows which makes her think that she's not good enough. She's also in women's choir and she doesn't think she's a great singer even though I've heard her sing and I think she is amazing.

All of these things have been the primary reasoning for her depression and anxiety, and has led to a lot of self harm, mainly cutting. A lot of times she would spend the night at her grandmother's house and would quietly get drunk because of how depressed she is and says that she doesn't care. I've been helping her with that and is actually 6 months sober now, so I am proud of her for that. Her self harm is still the big issue, and I've tried and tried to tell her that it isn't right and that she should look to stop. But recently it's been difficult to do that seeing as that I am currently at college and she is still in high school, we are two and a half hours away from each other, but with finals coming up and winter break soon I will be home for a while and I'm actually staying in town after break and switching schools, so I will get to see her much more for a while.

Being the boyfriend of someone who has depression and anxiety has never steered me away from loving her. I have always done my damndest to give all the love and support that she needs to be happy, and that's what I want the most, is for her to be happy, and she does feel happy around me. She's told me that she feels safe and better and okay when she's with me and I have always told her that things will get better once she graduates from high school and out of her dreaded house, where we can get an apartment together and start our life together and be happy without worrying about other people trying to bring us down because we'll have each other, and she feels good when she thinks about that.

However, seeing that all of that is still at least a year and a half away means that there is still going to be many of times where she will be depressed and even after that, obviously depression isn't something that just goes away with a snap of the finger, it takes a lot of time to work with it and give the support that needs to be given.

Some people would say that a good option for her would be to get professional help and see a counselor. Well I wish I could say all of that helped except well, it didn't. Since 2017 started she has gone through 3 or 4 different counselors, has had a social worker, been placed in a mental institution that she really didn't belong to at only 15 years old at the time she was sent there, has gone through multiple types of medication, and even been placed on a 90 day plan that was supposed to help her from drinking and self harming. None of those things worked out the way we were hoping.

As of today she is still alive, but recently her depression has been getting worse, part of that being that I can't be there with her and this is the longest we've gone without seeing each other. She just cut herself again this past Sunday, I'm very concerned. I've always told her that she can always talk to me about anything whenever she needs it and I will always be there to help her. The past couple days she's been very quiet, she hasn't really been saying much and when she does it's in brief moments in the morning before it seems like her day gets ruined because of school. Especially today, she hasn't really been saying much to me. I've tried asking her what's wrong and that she can talk to me about it but.. nothing.

I am asking if there is any adive or help out there that I could use to possibly help her out in better or more ways or even things that I could pass on to her to help her get through all of this. I don't want anything bad to happen to her, I love her and I want her to be okay.

Thank you.