I can't live like this anymore.EDIT.I'm gonna sleep finally, hopefully when im back there will be something in the comments, or a opinion of some sort. Because if someone dosent say something. Society will, and they arent a very good type of people to get "Advice" from.

This is a throwaway account. Just incase something does happen to me. Im just gonna write here about my life and explain how the situation im in is my fault, go ahead and make fun of me, i didnt know where else to post this. So im here, i just knew i had to post it somewhere. I dont want anybody to pity me, if i do end up killing myself, you probably wont know. I dont know if ill respond after this message.

I'm 16 years old.(Male) I had a pretty decent childhood. Everything started to go down rather in 8th grade and so after, I had a first love, we dated for awhile and we broke up. The cliche breakup, i guess. Except i can consider myself a bit obsessed. Not in a weird creepy way, just a way where its almost 2 years after we brokeup and i still have thoughts about her, i miss her so much. After the breakup i lost the motivation for everything, school, my health. Basically everything. I'm currently dropped out. I do nothing but hide in my room all day listening to music and occasionally talking to the few people in my life on the phone. What lead me to do this is i had a friend and she recently went total opposite on me telling me to leave her alone and she doesent have the urge to talk to me anymore. I have a small circle so this obviously hurt me, and how blunt she was also made me feel useless. Ive always felt useless. My mother always tells me its fine and that ill "make do with my life" saying she loves me and that. But when something i do happens she goes all out on me saying im worthless, im a loser dropout, all that shit. I want to get me GED but my mother and father refuse to do anything for me. even when they say yes to something i ask for. I shouldnt be reliying on them for anything. But ill be honest, im scared of my future if i stay alive. Living at my moms house being over 20. Im such a loser. And ill be more of a loser if this continues, so i dont know whats gonna happen next in my life. Everyone ive ever met left me. I have one "bestfriend" but hes not just someone i can go up to and tell him this. Hense ive made stuff up to hide away the lies i live under. I just cant do it. I have noone to talk to as anyone i try to talk to has a urge to just throw everything ive made with them away. or at  least ive had with them. So im here, i dont know what to do in life. Ive officially given up and im not the person to come out and explain everything because i dont like attention. It could reveal the scum of a live i life or kind of person i am. Ive never done anything wrong to anybody, maybe toxic sometimes in gaming. Ive always thought stuff like that would come back at me. Maybe its that. I dont know what im talking about. Im speaking my mind. I recently got a piano for christmas (though not expensive but it makes do) and ive learned alot on it. I thought to myself to help me cope and keep going, before then ive sang all my live and can say im pretty good at it. Im sorry i went off topic. Anyways ive gained a bit of weight since 8th grade (I think im 5"8 and 160 lbs?) and that just kills my confidence as i used to be really muscilar. people actually enjoyed me, what happened to everything, why has everything in the world all of a sudden become so cruel to me. Why is this happening to me? Do i deserve this? are there people in this world that are just ment to be tortured by the reality of life? I dont sleep. I overeat at times. I'm so sad with what ive become, it was never planned to come like this. I wanted to be so much. Yet i just had no motivation no matter what. I need help and i dont know where to get it. If this continues Ill just resort to ending my life. that way i can just leave everyone and everything. Nobody cares for me like they used too anymore. Im so sorry and i tell them that yet i just get ignored. I feel the family problems are because of a very lack of money at the moment, which makes me feel even more useless because i could get a job but i wanna go to school yet i dont have the motivation for both. theres literally nights where we dont even eat. Yet i still gain weight. I dont know whats wrong. I just wish we had the money for things, i wish i had her come back to me. I wish my mother actually ment what she said, I wish for so much and i wish wishes would just come true for me. Ive always wanted a nice gaming computer so i could game (obviously) but hook my keyboard(piano) to it and improve on it. My mother said she will get it for my birthday, she said that my last birthday. I know the outcome. I dont know if these are my last words. As you can tell i randomly bring up different subjects. I just want someone to listen. Ill read what anyone has to say. This is my last resort. 