So, I'm 17 and I want to kill myself. Pretty standard and boring case, I know, but I needed to talk about it.So, as the title states, I want to kill myself. Well, that's not entirely accurate. I don't want to commit suicide at all, I just want to stop existing, and suicide seems like the only path there.

So uhm. I don't know if this is the correct subreddit for this sort of thing, but yeah.

I don't really know where to start.

Well, I guess that the most central problem is that I feel like, defective. Like I'm a mistake, like I'm somehow broken, and like I can't do anything about it. I hate basically everything about myself, despite my best efforts to change that. I always try to be the person I think I want to be, and always end up hating myself.

I am also experiencing massive disenchantment with the world, but I'll spare you most of that lest I begin to sound too angsty. The big thing here, though, is that I can't do anything about it. The world will be no better for my being here, and really I feel like it'll be worse.

And, to add onto all of this, what does it matter if I exist anyway? Like, the entire human race could phase out of existence and it wouldn't matter, so why shouldn't I be able to? This isn't a reason for wanting to die, but it's sort of my justification.

The really annoying thing about this is that I don't know why I feel this way. My mom left me at an early age, but I've never cared much about that. I was bullied a bit in elementary school, but that was a long time ago and I'm definitely not bullied anymore. I'm terrified of adulthood, but really I'm pretty intelligent (not bragging, it's just like, a statement of fact, so please don't think I'm bragging) and I'll be able to make a living for myself if I really try. I have plenty of people who care about me. I have plenty of reason to live. But I just feel empty.

Like, when I told my girlfriend that I wanted to kill myself, she said that she would too if I did. Like, not in a creepy suicide pact-y sort of way, just that she'd be very upset by it and blame herself and whatnot. The same thing happened when I told my step-mom. I feel like this should comfort me. Like I should be happy that people care about me that much, but all it does is make me feel trapped. Yeah, it makes me want to stay alive, but not for the right reasons. It feels like I'm being held hostage. 

And. Yeah. I don't know. I just felt like telling someone this stuff. Sorry.