I'm so lonely and depressed. I don't wanna be here...Hey, long post ahead, but I hope someone will read it.

I'm new to Reddit, seen a lot of posts and read a lot of stuff on here but never joined. I'm 23 and I feel so alone and dark right now. I've been feeling this way for a long time, it got worse since being 17 though. I had a pretty traumatic childhood, I don't want it to ruin my future but I can't help it. I have no friends, and very little family. I have two sisters, but only speak to one of them and I'm pretty sure she only speaks to me because she's a little lonely atm. I just need someone to speak to really because I don't have anyone.

I have clinical depression and was officially diagnosed with it aged 18.
When I was young I was bullied a lot and didn't have a great home life. When I was 6 I had a friend who I used to play with on my street. We were friends since we were very little. One day we went to my room to play house and to cut a long story short, we did stuff - in a weird way. She told me it was what playing house was. 17 years later and I still can't get it out of my head. When I was 12 my mum met this guy and he texted her telling her she had to choose him or me, a couple months later I came home from school and everything was gone, her, my sisters, all if their clothes... I sat waiting and they never came home. I was passed around like a parcel from then on until I settled with my grandparents at 14. They didn't want me though it was clear and I just felt like a burden, I never felt wanted by anyone. At 17 I became homeless and it all kinda went downhill from there. I live on my own now and I'm just so lonely, sad, scared... I genuinely don't want to be alive any more.

I've never really had many friends. I was close to this guy when I was young, we were best friends for about 5/6 years, but he doesn't speak to me anymore. We lost contact about 3 years ago and I recently reached out to him. He sent me a few texts but hasn't spoke to me in 2 weeks. 

I met this girl back in September last year and we hit it off quite quickly, she soon became my best friend. She's amazing, lovely, funny - I was so lucky to have her as my friend. We spoke every day and she even told me I was her best friend. I stupidly told her I was in love with her in February and now she doesn't speak to me. I hate myself because she's the only proper friend I've had. I care about her so much. I don't love her, well I do but as a friend. I just thought I was in love with her because my feelings were so mixed up at the time. I was stupid though because she was fine with it to begin with, but I went on and on and started attention seeking on social media, basically put my life story on Snapchat and it probably pissed her off. I'm just so sorry for what I've done, she made me happy when nothing else would. Every time I saw her or spoke to her it's like I didn't have depression. We have so much in common it's like it was fate for us to be friends. I messaged her loads on social media after her falling out with me and she ignored all of them. She didn't block me though and she kept viewing my Snapchat stories, then out of the blue two months after it happened she blocked me. I miss her so much. I just wish I never did what I did, I wish I thought about things instead of being impulsive and over the top. I hate myself so much.

I'm gonna send her a handwritten letter and Birthday card and gift I got her before we stopped talking. I miss her so much, she means a lot to me, she made me happy when nothing else could. She made me want to be alive and I just hate what I did and wish I could take it all back.

Thank you to anyone who read this, I know we're all strangers but it would mean an awful lot if somebody could weigh in their thoughts? How would you feel if you fell out with someone and they wrote you a letter?