I don't know what I needI think what's most odd about what I'm feeling is that I'm not necessarily sad. There is a tightness in my throat, an urge to unbridle the sadness weighing on my chest, and cry until it hurts and I can't anymore.

But I am overwhelmingly possessed by the desire to hurt myself. I hear words of encouragement in my head, streaming in and out with purpose, as if things will be better for myself if I simply went to the kitchen, and grabbed a knife. But there aren't any clean knives that I know of, and the thought of using one that is unclean is, for some reason, disgusting to me - not that it matters.

I'm sure it wouldn't hurt that bad, and I'm not sure how far I would take it; how deep or where, and I don't think it matters. I've thought of places I could cut myself that someone would not see, should it be a harmless mark, but I'm starting to wonder if it should not go further.

I'm leading a pointless life. It's going nowhere and I am starting to fear people do not care for me anymore. Paul hasn't been talking to me, for awhile now, and the thought of that is making tears involuntarily pour out of my eyes. He's drinking with his work friends in Alberta, not that he is a drunk - he had been wanting to "party" for some time. I thought he might have meant with me. When I asked about this, he snidely remarked to me but did not answer my question, and I responded with as much animosity. He didn't mean it, I phrased my question angrily. I am sorry. Tears are cool against my cheeks, pooling in the crease of my lips, burning a hard heat in my heart. I don't feel much like breathing.

All the noise in the house is distracting, louder than my thoughts, which I struggle to hear. I want to hide or disappear from the world. I feel so selfish thinking of myself, and disgust myself. I don't belong here. I wish someone was here with me.

Every time I'm alone I feel like crying or sleeping. I am shaking now, my muscles feel weak, and I don't understand what's happening to me anymore - or maybe I do. I know something is wrong. I've told Paul this, he told me maybe I should "start talking to someone again". But I always end up lying to them, which is accidental - it's easier to pretend to be normal and happy, than to show what's hurting and diseased inside.

I wonder if - because he hasn't spoken to me - he doesn't want to be together anymore. I would understand I suppose. He could get much better offers elsewhere than me. A prettier, slimmer woman, with gentler features and a less masculine voice. One that isn't so broken, one that's not needing to be returned for its defects. 

He's talking again. Says he's not coherent. That he loves me. But I feel so hurt that I can't return the feeling. I feel so tired of living. I want to show him this even though he won't understand.

I wish I wasn't here

I said it was getting better, and it isn't.

If you're wondering, it's since our big fight. The first moment I graphically considered it. I'm still thinking about it.

---

Just a letter I wrote to myself. I'm sharing it because I'm too tired to right it all again for this specifically.

I just want something, I don't know what it is. I feel so empty but I'm hurting so much.