I feel like I'm wasting everyone's time and spaceI'm currently 20 years old and 250 lbs (~113kg). I'm Fat, I know. I've dealt with weight issues my entire life, constantly getting berated by my family for as long as I can remember. I've tried a lot of weight loss plans throughout my life but to no avail. I always seem to lose motivation after a couple weeks. My weight always seems to be the hot topic at every family gathering, which made me self-conscious about my weight and very quiet at family gatherings. Everyone in my family constantly gives me "tips" on how to lose weight, but none of them worked for me, and hearing them for the 1000th time really irritated me. I know at the end of the day, my family means well and they wish the best for me, but making fun of me and making me feel unwanted trying to make me lose fat is really putting me down. Over a decade of this has lead me to be depressed and any discussion of weight makes me go silent. It has gotten to the point where going to family gatherings is torture for me, and i have to put on a fake smile for everyone there, even hearing my parents talk make me want to rip my ears out.

Today, my parents were explaining heart attacks to me and what causes them. Not only do I know how heart attacks work from schooling, but they also explain this concept to me very frequently. I suddenly snapped and shouted, "I don't want to hear this shit!" My dad slaps me for cursing and I shout, " I rather die than listen to this!" My father quickly responds with, " Why don't you hurry up and do it already?" My mother jumps in and tells me that I'm a smartass and that I think I know everything. They call me a spoiled brat and leave the room. Now, in my room crying, I thought about what I said and I've decided that maybe I do want to die, especially since I can't stand my family members anymore, and they can't stand me either. I thought about what my parents said, especially my father's. I'm also currently failing college right now, so maybe I am a spoiled brat, and don't know how good I've got it. My problem does seem very insignificant to the average person I'm sure, so maybe I should just end it all.