Struggling to find will to live after dogs passingHi, this is my second Reddit post so I’m new to this, but I am really just posting this to vent, as the closest therapy appointment I could get isn’t for another two weeks. Also, I apologize for spelling or grammar errors, I’m actually a good writer but I’m extremely emotional, so it’s hard for me to focus. 

I just lost my beloved baby at the ripe age of 13/14years old (he was a rescue they’re not sure how old he was), and I am in complete and utter despair. It’s been almost two weeks and I don’t feel like I’m getting any better. Long story short he was showing some symptoms of anemia so I took him to vet and they wanted to charge over $1,000 for blood work x ray medicine + visits and I am only 22 years old and currently unemployed. I scheduled an appointment for a couple days later with my regular vet who would charge me at a cheaper rate. Moved the appointment back ONLY ONE DAY because my dog was doing so well and my friends came into visit and I hadn’t seen them in months. Again, he was doing fine this whole week I went to my last week of work. The only time I go to my boyfriends house for only a few hours , after I left him completely fine (he ate all his food drank all his water and managed to go upstairs to take a nap), he passed. He died of either heart failure or heart cancer and he also had a stage 4 heart murmur. 

I blame myself so fucking much for listening to my friends and not taking him to the vet and being cheap about that ER visit. I know he was 14 and he lived a good life and he was bound to go sometime and I know there’s no good time for your dog to die but fuck man, this fucking hurts. I feel like I’m going crazy. I am laughing one moment, then I automatically think about him and I’m a complete wreck. I am in tears writing this. I don’t see the point of waking up in the morning. I go to bed at 4 am, and don’t get out of bed until 5 pm the next day, and just repeat that vicious cycle. Nothing brings me joy. My apartment is empty without him. I feel like I am driving my boyfriend away with my moodiness and inability to grieve properly, but he insists I’m not. 

My family isn’t supportive either. My brothers apparently just bombard my dad with misinformation about how I didn’t always take care of my dog when I was in middle school or high school and sometimes they picked up some of the slack, which is exactly what I need to fucking hear right now. My dad is being an asshole telling me that people die everyday, and that I shouldn’t be sad with all that’s going on in the world. And he’s not wrong. There are women being sex trafficked, people losing their loved ones to covid, refugees fleeing from war, and I’m over here distraught about my elderly dog? Really? That’s the worst of my problems?

I don’t know guys I’m feeling extremely hopeless. I don’t see a light at the end of this tunnel. I just feel like death is all around and we’re all going to die so what’s even the point of being a good person? I try so hard to be a good person and help out in anyway that I can and this is how the universe pays me back, having my dog die the one time I leave the house for a few hours at night. The only reason I haven’t lost my shit is because I talked to a pet medium and she told me he’s going to be reincarnated into my next dog and some other stuff about him that made me feel a tiny bit better. Probably the reason why I’m suffering so bad is because I do believe in karma, the universe and reincarnation, so I don’t understand what I did to deserve this. 

Again, this post was really just to rant, but if anyone has any tips or words of encouragement, they’d be really appreciated.