I’ve been depressed for yearsWhen I was in high school I loved basketball and was pretty good at it. Enough to make varsity as a freshman and to go on to play college basketball. I loved basketball and wanted to be a coach and a teacher. Well I moved 10 hours away from my hometown to the college and this was probably a bad choice. My freshman year in college I fall in love with Jamal and everything’s perfect. Fast forward to the summer and he’s secretly living in my apartment with me. This is when he starts abusing me, mostly mentally at this point but he is manipulative and would steal my car and go hangout with other girls. School starts again and I move into my first house with my two best friends and of course Jamal... we start fighting and my roommates hear it. He actually gets physical with me and chokes me out while holding me up against a wall. My roommate sees the marks on my neck and locks me in her room with me and begs me to call the cops but I refuse because at this point I’m pregnant but I don’t tell anyone except Jamal. Jamal and I eventually have to move out and get an apartment that I pay for because I forgot to tell you he dropped out our freshman year and never got a job. I’m pregnant so I decide I have to quit the basketball team the only thing keeping me from Jamal 24/7... so I quit and I lost my two best friends. A month after I quit basketball I miscarry and it just kills me at this point. So I stay with Jamal another two years until the end of my junior year and finally move back home away from him. I spent three years being manipulated, abused and lied too. I felt so beaten down I took a year off college to just get back to myself. Well I haven’t been able to and I have just been a shell of my former self. Basketball was my favorite thing in the world and he managed to take that and my friends didn’t want to be around me with him around. I just lost everything for a boy I was totally in love with.

My mom also had a similar situation in which she got pregnant and married the guy but he turned out to be a POS and cheated and lied and all of this stuff. Well my brother is 3 when she finally gets him completely out of the picture and meets my dad who later adopts my brother.

So fast forward to last night and someone lost the remote to my fire stick my parents are trying to watch. I tell my mom there’s an app on her phone she can get that will work it. She gets upset because she downloaded a knockoff and not the real app and it won’t work. She starts screaming about how if I didn’t sit at home all day watching TV the remote wouldn’t be missing. We are a cut deep with our words kind of family (which is why I probably didn’t think anything was wrong with Jamal). My mom and I start arguing more intently. I call her a bitch. She tell me she wants me to move out and stay away from her because Jamal ruined me and I can’t be fixed and that why nobody likes you and always leaves. Now mind you I have no friends only family who invites me places as a second thought most of the time so what my mom said was probably true. They don’t like me around anymore. So I’ve made the decision to keep to myself and save money I’ve made from my contractual job. I just want to be happy again like I was in high school but I think I need therapy but my parents won’t pay for it and don’t want me fixed they just want me gone. So I can’t wait until I save up enough to move out and actually find someone to help me put my pieces back together. I figured of all people my mom would understand falling for the wrong guy but all it did was ruin me and my life and so that’s my fault and I don’t get any help. 

This was more of just a rant than anything. I did sit in my parents bedroom holding a gun wondering if this is the kind of gone I should be but I decided that no it’s not. I’m going to start my own life without my parents and when I fix myself by myself and have grandkids they are never going to meet them. Why would I want my kids around someone who would just let their kids suffer in pain and depression? And then hate on them more because they have depression?