Opening up about my life to the whole worldi’m not feeling good at all. i want to die. but for some reason i felt like opening up. i’m sorry for taking your time. don’t feel the need to read, i’m just wasting your precious time 🙏🏻

people have too high expectations of me. i’m not allowed to make any mistakes or i’m seen as a worthless, a good for nothing child. i try my best, i really do. but it’s not easy. i just wish i could just be myself without any pressure. 

i am abused physically and mentally. i don’t really care if i get hurt by hitting or anything anymore, i feel like i deserve it. i don’t really mind the verbal abuse either, but it tends to make me think why i have to be so useless. imagine this. 4 is the worst grade you can get and 10 is the best. you get 9 1/2 from it and barely missed the 10 because of a little mistake you made. ”you are so fucking worthless.” ”you have to study.” ”why do you have to be like your big brother?” it’s not the greatest feeling you get from it. i don’t really mind myself being dissed, but the fact that my people even dare to mention my perfect, best and most caring brother like that, i get so angry. i can’t even say anything back or they’ll hurt me. 

i’m scared of people. i start panicking when i’m around people and my chest just starts to hurt. i feel like i can’t breathe well. i think my fear of people might have started when i was picked up by a random man as a younger kid. 

i’m scared of doctors. i know that they’re supposed to help you and all, but i can’t help it. maybe it’s because my grandpa almost died in their hands only because of their little mistake, i don’t know. but my grandpa has been the closest person to me for as long as i can remember. 

i lost my close friend to cancer a few years back. at that time, i tried to kill myself for the first time. i felt so done with everything. guess who didn’t accomplish her goal? i still hate myself to this day for not doing it.

i had to put one of my animals down a few months later. i was NOT feeling any better and my thoughts were still there with me. the loss of my animal made me feel even worse because i kept blaming myself for something i could have never helped with. there went my 2nd attempt. still here.

the last two years after that have just been me constantly fighting back for no reason at all. i don’t know what keeps holding me back even though i don’t really have anything left. countless attempts and i’m still here.

i just want to go, really. why must i be somewhere where i don’t want to be? i can’t freely be myself or without pain. i just wish i could die peacefully and not live with the pain just increasing. it’s getting harder and harder. at the same time, the urge and the need to go is growing rapidly. just let me go, please.