Sudden change in sexuality has destroyed me mentallyI am 29, and since I was 11, been incredibly infatuated with women in every possible way, but since the end of February, something has happened to me, I have lost my attraction to women it seems, and in its place, I seem to be noticing males more \(although a male has yet to cause me an erection yet. With women I could be easily turned on in that sense\). I don't know what happened to me, I never had any masculine crushes or anything in my youth or teens. I did experiment one time when I was 21, but didn't like it at all.  I was wanting to try anal stimulation, I was also desperate and horny at that time. It was one of those CL hook ups. I couldn't even finish the physical act because I found it gross and uncomfortable. It felt like a reverse bowel movement. Said experience also turned me off from doing anal on a girl, either. That was the first and last time I ever did anything like that, or considered it. It just seems that suddenly my sexuality has changed, and I don't know what happened, but ever since it did, my mental state has declined tremendously. Getting with women was one of the things I enjoyed most \(which sadly to say, isn't much, but I was always happiest when I was with a women\), and I hoped to raise a family with a girl within the next few years. I had confidence issues with women and in general for years, and had finally became successful with them after dealing with constant self\-doubt. I had also improved in other areas, too, such as my general sense of self\-esteem, and confidence. Now it feels like everything has torn from me. The thought though of being with a man does nothing for me at all, despite what I perceive is me noticing them more.  Since this all began, I have gotten increasingly depressed, to the point now I am wishing I was dead. I have been waking up the last few nights wishing somebody would just shoot me in the head. It seems like so much I valued and took pride in is gone, and I am at my end, I honestly wish I were dead. I sit around all day and do nothing but go through the motions. I also look back at old photos of women I have been with and crushed on and cry, it feels like my heart has been torn out. I have become emotionally destroyed, with myself feeling intense anger at small things, and thoughts of just wishing it was all over. This has been by far, my lowest point ever, and I just wish it would end. I cannot go on like this much longer.