Shitty parents, feeling lost and lonely, not sure if staying around is worth it.
Here’s the shitty situation. My dad up’d and left when I was 10, he was an alcoholic. He came back years later only to treat me like a kid even though I’m 20, calls me his baby and doesn’t even know what I’m studying at university, etc. At age 16 my mum remarried and the fuckwit of a stepfather ended up becoming verbally, and then physically abusive before she finally kicked him out. Months before she did kick him out I mentioned to her I didn’t like him he’s abusive yada yada, she said he wasn’t that bad, look where they ended up now. 
Around that time at 17 I was going through so problems, anxiety depression that kind of thing. A lot of my friends started to leave school because of apprenticeships. When I was 18 my mum found another boyfriend and I remember I had a friend over once and we heard them fucking. I heard the friend laughing  as I was in the room next to where he was sleeping. obviously I wasn’t comfortable in inviting anyone else over after that point. It wasn’t the first or last time, I could be on the couch, all the way in my room or going to brush my teeth and hear them doing it. I think it’s selfish but idk, they were very loud and must’ve heard them about a dozen or so times now. 
One time my father stumbled into the house, unannounced, loud and drunk at 10pm at night. Imagine if I had a girl or friend over?!
At age 19 I attempted suicide, I’ve got another 2 years at uni and I can’t move out because I don’t have the money. So, 2 years, no friends, no love life, nothing. Just stuck at home (especially with COVID and how everything is online). I think I might kill myself instead I don’t know if I can last that long and even then, if I finish and do move out, I’m all alone. Im also heart broken, I had this girl who liked me, I wasn’t interest at the time. We used to talk but months goes by and I realised what I had done, I should’ve loved her, god forbidden I’m such a fucking idiot, one of the worst feelings in the world. Woe is me, what the fuck should I do people of reddit :(