Considering suicide because I think I might be a "covert"/"vulnerable" narcissistSo, I've struggled with anxiety and depression as long as I can remember. Today, I read about what's called covert/vulnerable narcissism, to my horror it seemed like I matched almost everything I read about it. To give my reaction context, I often worry about not being a good person. In large part because there was a period in my life when I really wasn't at all. I was lying, manipulative and entirely self-centered, though I didn't know it until a large upheaval eventually forced some self-reflection and I sobered up (at this time I was smoking pot almost, if not everyday, pretty heavily). After that, and about a year in isolation due to feeling like I was no longer smart or empathetic, I was forcibly committed to a psych ward due to trying to starve myself to death. Eventually, I finally got back into the real world. Got my first real/consistent job, and started coming back into interacting with people. I noticed I was almost as, if not equally as empathetic as I'd been. Still, lack of empathy, and being a bad person were a large fear for me since. The fear that I might be a psychopath was a fear for awhile as well. 

Now it's been over a year since then/getting the job, and I notice I'm not nearly as empathetic, I chalked it up to how depressed and anxious I've been, and that I was just emotionally drained. I've always struggled with suicidal thoughts to some extent, but recently it's started up again as being almost daily. Somehow I stumbled upon reading about covert/vulnerable psychopaths, before (though knowing a decent bit about psychology) I had never heard of this. As I read about the characteristics from multiple articles and blogs, I was horrified because of my aforementioned concerns in the past, as well as my lack of feeling about anything recently. I have always been a bit of loner, and despite being much better than I used to be socially, I often feel like others don't really like me, even if they say they do. I feel stupid, in large part because I'm not nearly as articulate nor my thoughts as clear, as before I became dependent on marijuana. What goes with that though, is a mentality that I am more misunderstood than most, or at least more emotionally damaged (due to finding few people who share my level of depression and anxiety). Also additionally I have been diagnosed by one psychiatrist with OCD, although I'd already suspected that my whole life.

I also am very self-loathing, whilst also paradoxically feeling like in some capacities (namely feeling more deeply/thinking about stuff more than most) I am "better" than many of my peers (I am 23) since I perceive many of them to not really be too deep of thinkers when it comes to philosophy or just feelings/emotions in general. At the same time, in general I tend to be very patient and understanding of others/nonjudgmental if they aren't arrogant/judgmental themselves and try to see the good in others, and withhold condemnation in favor of understanding.  At the same time lately, as I said, I just haven't had the energy or empathy to care about others issues, I am becoming more self-centered again. I loathe myself and my shortcomings (as far as compassion) to the extent that I am constantly critical of myself, and enjoy being "mean" to myself as punishment for not being loving or caring about others enough. I feel the self-criticism prevents me from becoming what I'd been during the period in my life when I was a completely self-absorbed, manipulative douche (because during that period I'd stop being so critical of myself). I read that's a characteristic of this covert/subtle narcissist. Sometimes I find myself thinking in very Machiavellian ways, ie thinking about how doing this or that could be of an advantage and my philosophical standing is very utilitarian.

All this makes me think that I should kill myself more so now then ever, because I know I crave companionship and love, but I've read narcissists can't really love, even when they think they can/are and just hurt everyone. I don't want to do that, I don't want to be a bad person who hurts others for his own gain, but I also know that I crave connection and love as well, so I don't see how I couldn't. I always felt like I'm worthless/not really good enough, and seek the validation and attention of others. Though I don't go around saying how great I am, I do like to talk about my problems/self too much, sometimes without regards to if the other person wants to hear it. So I'm thinking, if I really am this monster/narcissist, then the only solution is to kill myself, because if not I'll just keep hurting the people I care about (or maybe just have deluded myself into thinking I care about). I always feel "empty" as it is, and enjoy next to nothing anymore. I feel like even if I'm not doing it consciously, that I might use people for my own emotional fulfillment or benefit and that I don't really care as much as I like to think I do/want to. I don't want to be alone my whole life, and I don't want to be a freak/monster either.

TL; DR
I think my personality lines up with the "covert" narcissist, so I feel like I can only be a bad/uncaring, or even manipulative person, and (coupled with my other emotional issues) that if I really don't want to be a bad person, the only real option is not be here anymore. All I read is about how narcissists only hurt other people and ruin their lives, and that they'll only ever be empty, selfish creatures that can never really connect with another person. I've been at therapy for depression and anxiety for awhile, but it was hard enough to get a therapist to acknowledge there are different kinds of OCD. Does anyone know about the type of narcissists I'm referring to? Can anyone offer me hope that I'm only obsessing, or that perhaps, even if I am one of these narcissists that I can be a "good" one, and have relationships without hurting others?