What are the next steps?This isn't my first time getting closer and closer to killing myself. It's not even the first time planning it.  But it is my first time after having found an easy, painless and clean way to do it. It's my first time packing up my things and arranging to have my apartment and my things taken care of. 

I will do it late night on Friday. At home, quietly watching QI. Pretty peaceful. Just go to sleep and never wake up. It's not a drug overdose so won't be painful or messy. 

I want to talk to people I know about this. But (and it's a really long story) last time I was here, I said goodbye to my wife. I didn't do it, but I might as well have. We were in different countries and she was to join me here. But after that she wanted a break, and the months of silence mixed with her calling and pleading with me that she loves me, only to lapse into more silence until finally being divorced over Skype. The last 3 years have been me living a nightmare because I didn't finish what I started. I miss her every day even though I've done everything to move on from the betrayal. I love her like the last time I saw her, hugging and kissing her in the airport even though she blamed me for so many things that weren't my fault. I'm not blameless, but there never was a point where I wasn't open to communication and willing to make any change or do any project to try and help our relationship. I think in the end she just met someone she thought was better for her. I'd like to say I can't blame her, but as good as I am at blaming myself and giving the benefit of the doubt to everyone else, it isn't my fault. I did everything I could think of. 

So you can imagine why I'm reluctant to share. I'm also aware that trying to have a goodbye conversation with anyone is not something you do. 

I want to talk about it with someone I know, not necessarily to stop it though. 

But if I do dump this on someone, if they want to help what are the next steps? I can't take time off of work, I barely can pay my rent as it is. I'm a dog walker and can't have an extended absence. 

Further, a former colleague at work was suicidal and etc and took a big extended absence through which I had to serve the whole company's needs and it was a big disaster and everyone already has a bad taste in their mouth from that.