I failed.I'm sorry if this doesn't make sense, I'm on mobile and I'm just sort of rambling. This is sort of long.

My entire life crashed down around me at the start of this year. I used to be so happy. I have a past of anxiety and depression but I had it under control. Looking back I still had underlying problems but I was blind to them all. I was just young and in the best years of my life and I was enjoying it. 

It started slowly at first. I'd have random periods of depression. At first it only lasted up to a day. Then I just snapped at one point and started this fast downward spiral. The person I once was was gone. I was empty. Things would easily bring me to tears and I would go through episodes where I felt almost nothing for days. I began self harming. The people closest to me got worried and urged me into getting help. I am so thankful they did and that I was lucky enough to find a therapist taking patients by late April. My goal when entering therapy was to just be happy. I wanted to be happy again and stop hurting myself and the people who tried to help me. And for so long I was achieving that. It wasn't all good, I  went through rough patches and working on my mental health was hard but I was for the most part happy.

But something's happened. I don't know what but I've fallen back down to where I used to be. My life has become a cycle of thinking I'm fine followed by depression and breakdowns. It's getting harder and harder to fight to be okay again because I know I'll always come back to this point. I'm tired of fighting. Everything is just falling apart. My marks, my relationships, my sanity, my health. I was clean of self harm since early May but I've gone back to doing it. I keep getting told that I would be missed and my friends and family are reasons to live, and obviously I do adore them but the drive to stay alive for them is getting weaker. I feel awful for wanting to leave them.

I can't keep going on like this. 
Pretending like I'm fine is killing me. I'm starting to slip up now, and that brief look of concern on people's faces is horrible. Only a few people know what's wrong with me and I can't even bring myself to tell them the whole truth. Even with my therapist. I know it's crazy to be scared to tell your therapist your problems but I'm so scared she'll take action and I'll get hospitalized. I wanted to get help but I could never force myself to ask. It just seems pointless now.

I failed my goal. I cannot be happy for very long. Something always goes wrong. I tried so hard. But now I'm tired of trying. I'm tired not feeling okay. I just want to die. Thinking about it occupies so much of my day now. Life doesn't seem worth living. 

I don't really know what I'm hoping to gain by posting this here. I don't even know if anyone will bother reading this. I just want all this pain to go away.