Men check your testosteroneThoughts of suicide started in my mid to late teens. Always had plenty of friends and great relationships nothing to be depressed about. I had no more trauma than the next person. I also suffered from major anxiety and had panic attacks on a weekly basis. Doctors in the past told me it could be genetic and tried going down the path of antidepressants and SSRI’s, but nothing ever worked. 

Continued to drink in excess, eat in excess, work out in excess, everything and anything possible in excess to escape my mind. Another major issue I had was after I’d have sex or beat off I’d become more depressed and hit my lowest. 

4 months ago I found a new physician when I started to have extreme fatigue. I had my blood work done And found out that my testosterone was around 200. At the age of 40 it should’ve been around 400 to 600. I had the blood work taken again at night after a long day at work and it was even lower. My physician immediately referred me to a men’s health clinic and started me on testosterone injections every week for the past four months. It’s also covered by my insurance. 

The only thing that I can tell everyone here is that it’s life-changing. My anxiety, my depression, and my daily ritual of not wanting to wake up the next day all disappeared.The need for antidepressants or Xanax for my anxiety all went away as well. My drinking has been cut by 2/3 and my binge eating seems unnecessary as well. 

My testosterone levels are stable and life is just so much different. As I looked into my old medical records, I just discovered that my testosterone when I was 30 years old was 300. Anything below 300 is a major red flag for this kind of bloodwork. Who knows how low my testosterone has been? The bottom line  is that this might have been the trigger for my depression, anxiety, and thoughts of suicide.

My advice to all the men on this feed would be to have your testosterone checked. Low T could possibly be the reason you are feeling this way and no one deserves to live the way we all feel. The testosterone treatment has not cured everything, but I can tell you that my life has gotten 90% better and there are days that I don’t dream about never waking up anymore.

I really hope my story helps some of you out there. Knowing that I’m not alone on this feed has truly helped me try to determine why I feel this way. Finally, thank you to everybody who takes the time to let everyone know that we’re not alone in this fight.