I feel like life isn’t fixable.I’m truly just at a loss at this point. Like so many others, I just feel completely done. My life is a fucking dumpster fire. I’m drowning in debt, I’ve lost my job, most of my friendships, my relationship is hanging by a thread, and I have no hope for the future of this country or my place in it. 
Even before I lost my job, I wasn’t any happier. I worked horrible hours at a shitty warehouse. The work was brutal, and my work-life balance was non-existent. Work, sleep, repeat. That’s my fucking life and that’s all it has been for years. And I have no hope of going anywhere else or doing anything else because this fucking country doesn’t want to give the basic necessities of living to its people. We’re just a bunch of fucking cogs in a machine.
I just don’t get what I’m supposed to do anymore. Not only do I have to worry about my own depression and feeling like I’m broken, now I have to deal with a broken system too? Maybe, MAYBE, I could fix myself. But the whole god damn country? How am I supposed to go on living like this when the future is so overwhelmingly bleak? I hate this life.
It feels like I’ve tried everything from anti-depressants to weed, with a dash of therapy in between. I’ve been trying so hard to overcome life’s challenges. I do what I’m told I need to do to get better, yet I don’t get better. My brain is locked in a place of despair and hopelessness and I’m convinced there’s no point to any of this.
I lay awake crying at night dreading my inevitable future and what’s to come. Will I be evicted next? Will I experience homelessness too? Drug addiction? Perhaps I’ll just die on the street. When I think about that it makes me feel like I’d rather take matters into my own hands and find a less miserable way out.
But the reality is that I’m afraid to die. I really am. I’ve only had 26 years on this planet. They weren’t ALL horrible. I knew what happiness felt like once when I was a young girl, when things were simple. I guess that’s just being naive though. I don’t want to continue on this way... I can’t. My fear is the last thing keeping me alive, but I just don’t know how long that’ll hold out. I’m getting truly desperate. I need help but I can’t fathom what help there’s left for people to give. 
If you made it this far, thank you for reading. I don’t really know why I’m posting, I guess it’s a final desperate plea for a view that I haven’t thought of or a tiny reason to believe this life isn’t pointless.