There's A Lot of Reasons WhySchool year 2017 - May 2018. Our last school year as a high school stdent and my last year in this country before heading back home. It's the most messed up school year we've ever had and probably the worst of all
I was a grade 10 student, 17 years old just this March.

To make long story short, apprntly the gr9 nd gr10 studs boys and girls have been literally doing self-harm or lik cutting up their arms or legs and it's not just once.

Few weeks after which is april one of our batchmate ended her life and den the next day our good friend did it too. Everyone felt so bad, the month went gloomy everyones sad were all trying to stay connected with each other as possble to make sure nobody will be next. They are calling out those people they know at are depressed and suicidal like me but i didnt really want to start a drama and look like an attentions seeker to them so i just disclaimed that i need help. I used to open up to them but i stopped instead i open7 to strangers staying anon

To be jonest i was supposed to be gone on the day and time she vanished but i wasnt able afford to die literally

I was still planning on doing it anyway but i couldnt after they already did it bec id looj like im looking for attention and was too terrified to believe what just happene.

So now that im back home, far away from her , i miss her. Im talking abut the girl i like.

She blocked me yesterday when i was only trying to comfort her bec were in the same boat meaning shes also dep and idk what to do but to make sure shes doing fine and dandy but den again she blocked me so i cant really do anything and i miss talking to her

I don't know what did I do wrong, but one thing's for sure.

This is gonna be my third attempt and i'm going to make it happen around dis week.

I want her to know that when she's feeling sad and so am I. But neverthless i still try to cheer her up but all i get is a blue thumbs up from her

I can't take this anymore. Ik ive said this a lot of times but its true and this is what i feel rn