Just wanna talk with someone right nowHi, I don't really know what to do. This pandemic is really taking a toll on my mental health. I know my friends are supportive, but I just don't know how to tell them that I need help and support. I know everyone's dealing with a lot of things now like I do so I don't wanna bother them. I just want to talk with someone right now, or maybe at least get everything out from my system by writing it here. I do talk with my friends sometimes, but I really can't tell them exactly what's going on in my mind right now. I've been trying to talk to my SO too, but I don't know, he seems not to care, and that hurts me, big time. I know he has problems too, and I'm not asking too much from him either, but I really do feel that he doesn't care about me. 

So yeah, I really don't know what to do. I feel like being quarantined in our house is really suffocating. I mean, don't get me wrong, nothing's wrong with my family, I love them, and it's just me that has problems. I can't seem to stop thinking about my childhood traumas, like, yeah, I get it, it all happened in the past, but I just can't let it go. You see, I was physically abused as a child. I mean, it's normal here in our place to beat up a child when that child "did" something wrong as a way of teaching them discipline, but come on, just because it's "normal" or many people are doing it, doesn't mean it's right. So yeah, that's where I'm coming from; although that happened ages ago, and it's no longer happening now. 

But yeah, I'm still traumatized by those events, and I can really notice that I'm the one who's being toxic in this house. I get irritated or angry easily here, although I'm not like that outside, or when I'm with other people, because I'm not really like that, but I'm somehow easily triggered when I'm around them or when I'm in the house. I don't know why I'm being like this, but sometimes, I feel like I deserve an apology from them, specially from my mother why I became like this. As selfish as it sounds, but that's how I really feel and I just wanna get this off my chest. Like, how can they be okay while I'm not? I don't want to be angry, but I just can't stop, it's not that easy, but it's also hurting me, because I also love my mom, more than I can actually imagine. I'm also angry at myself, for being angry at my mom. And it hurts me so much that I just want to kill myself already, but I can't, because first of all, I don't have the guts to do that, although I tried it before, but I got scared, and lastly, I know deep in my heart that  I don't really want to die. What I want is to just forget everything. Well, I gotta admit, there are times when I really wanna do it, like I really wanna die, but I can't, because I know that'll hurt my mom so bad, and I don't want that to happen. So yeah, I don't really know what to feel. I feel so worthless, lost, scared, etc, idk.

I can't tell this to anyone, not even my closest friends, not even my SO. Although I really want to talk with them about this. I just wanna get this off my chest, I guess, or talk with someone to distract myself from these thoughts. I've been trying my hardest to distract myself, but nothing seems to be helping. I tried watching series, reading comics, playing games, listening to music, but yeah, I still feel like shit.

But yeah, thanks for reading (listening). I really needed that.