I'm an attempt survivor. A student at the school I work at just took his life. Now I'm really struggling with suicidal thoughts again.I work at a high school and last week a student took his life. I knew him, but not well. It was incredibly sad. I feel so much heartache for his family, classmates, teachers and friends. I'm sad he didn't see any way out of whatever he was going through. He was only 6 years younger than me.

When I found out he died, it was tough. But when I found out it was suicide, I totally lost it. Mainly because of my past experiences. I've struggled with depression since I was in middle school. It was extremely bad last year when I was 23 and I attempted suicide. I sought treatment which helped to an extent. But what really helped was starting a new job at the school I work. This job and the students I work with bring me so much joy. It felt so good, but I can honestly say it also felt weird because I hadn't experienced joy since I was a kid. Nobody there would ever know I've struggled with deep depression because I'm always happy and laughing while I'm at work.

So I was doing a lot better. But a few weeks ago my depression hit again. It wasn't intense this time. In fact it was pretty mild. I just kind of associated it with this time of year. January is usually kind of a depressing month for me. But last week I just shut down when I heard this news. Suicide is such a difficult subject for me. Anytime anyone mentions someone else committing suicide, I automatically shut down and it takes me back to where I was about a year ago. I know this is a bad quality to have but suicide is just such a painful topic for me. I don't let anyone know this because I would never want to inadvertently discourage someone from coming to me if they were struggling. I would WANT them to come to me and be open and honest.

I couldn’t stop crying for a couple days and during my lunch break the next day I talked to a chaplain that was there. I told him my story and I told him I felt guilty because I know this situation isn’t about me, it’s about the student who passed away. He told me it was normal to feel the way I’m feeling. He asked me if I’m thinking about suicide now, I told him no. But the truth is, I am. Not seriously. I don’t have a plan and don’t think I’d ever act on it again. He gave me his phone number and told me to call him if I’m ever feeling suicidal. But I didn’t want to tell him how much I’m struggling because I’m worried he could go to the school and tell them and I’ll lose my job. My job is truly one of the only things that brings me happiness and I couldn’t handle that. It would make everything so much worse. But I haven't wanted to go lately because it's just been too hard and I can't stop crying, although I have gone every day.

tl;dr // Student at the high school I work committed suicide. Not only am I extremely sad about the student, but I’m also an attempt survivor and I’m having a very difficult time. It’s triggered a lot of flashbacks and thoughts. Committing suicide is fresh in my mind again. I don't think I would do it, but I've been thinking about it. Not sure why this event has stirred up this in me.