You Know Me, Don't You?I know you. You have seen me in your day to day lives. Who am I? I am the girl who sits in the back of the room, drawing those beautiful nature drawings that you are jealous of. I am the construction worker that you see making a complete fool of himself. I am the girl who you believed was your friend until she told everyone about the rumor about you. I am the football player that is about to make the big leagues. I am the old lady you see walking 2 miles every Saturday to the nearest Walmart or Costco. I am you. I feel your heart beating. I know how it feels when you see that one girl you've had a crush on for the past 2 years. You believe she doesn't know who you are. You believe you are more of a burden than someone who carries meaning. I saw the same gun you saw, the same railing you climbed over, and the pills you swallowed. I was you. I was your beating heart and your functioning body. I was the girl in the corner, I was the construction worker, I was the girl who spread that rumor. Who am I now? I am your family and your friends. I cry for you. I mourn for you. I miss you. What more could I have done to help you? I wish I could trade places with you.

&amp;#x200B;

Thousands of people all over the world commit suicide every day. The people who take their own lives, some can be saved. These people are people you don't realize you neglect. All they want is to not feel alone. I, personally, felt for years that I was nothing, that I wasn't needed or wanted. That no one cared or wanted to hear anything I had to say. People believed that I was wanting attention and to me, they neglected me. The countless times I wanted to drown myself or find some form of suicide. I know people want it to go away. I know that people want the suffering to stop. Listen to me, please, I know that seeing a psychologist isn't popular, but it's not about being popular anymore. Think for yourself for one moment and see the people you would hurt. "But I wouldn't hurt anyone." "My family doesn't give a crap about me." Far more people care than you think. I, a stranger from the Deep South of the United States, care. I have a hard time dealing with emotion still, but I still feel sad for those who end their lives out of depression alone. Seeing a therapist or talking to a friend. Find someone you have known for a long time, even your mother or father. Look them in the eyes and say, "I need to talk to you." If the person truly cares, they will, at that moment, see the pain in your eyes. They will see your struggle, your heartbreak, and your hardships. Your face may hide the emotions, but the eyes of all humans, black, white, tall, short, straight, gay, and even the blind and deaf. The eyes carry the weight and if you care enough and love the person enough, you can see right through their mask. Please, for whoever reads this, take a moment and look into the eyes of the people you fear might be hurting inside, who might be suicidal. Ask them if they are okay. I promise, they will say "yes". Persist. Continue asking. Don't give up on them. Open your arms to them. They need to see in the eyes of someone that the person truly cares. Who knows, you might even save that person.

To those who couldn't care less about those people who are suicidal, who believe it's selfish... You are not wrong but you need to realize, you will one day be in a position where you need someone to talk to and vent to. You have pushed everyone away, even your family. Open up for a moment. Show people that you care and have a heart before it's too late.

No one deserves to die alone.

*No one.*

Take this moment and call a relative, a friend, or a significant other. Take this moment and tell them you love them. Little do you know, they need to hear it from someone. Tell a girl on the street she is beautiful. I mean any girl. Tall and thin, short and chubby, and everything in between. Ladies, tell a man in your life, any man, that he is handsome. Small compliments like that can save the lives of millions.

Remember everyone:

"It's dangerous to go alone, ask a friend to go with you."