Don't know what to do anymore..Well, looks like i'm posting here a little sooner then i had hoped hah..
I'm only 20, but i feel like this is the end for me, everyday i wake up, unemployed, fuck all education, no money - infact i'm in debt, and i just feel like.. i cause more trouble and hassle for everyone then i'm worth. I have friends, but none of them i'd consider close enough to talk about this stuff to. I have a girlfriend, who's so frikin' amazing she deserves anyone but me, and i couldn't even begin to tell her about how i feel, i mean she's got her own worries and problems to deal with, why should i add the fact i wish nothing more then to be free of all this to those? i have family, but all my parents do is call me a useless waste of space and won't be happy with anything i say or do. 

Suicides been on my mind for a long time now, ever since i watched my dad overdose on his meds, and my brother try beat himself to death. I vowed to myself i'd never get that far and that i'm stronger then that.. but truth is i'm not.. everyday gets harder and harder.. I probably suffer from depression, i've never been to a doctor or anything about it.. i've been told i do by people, but my parents just laughed and said it was rubbish so i'm afraid(?) to do so now, cause i probably am overreacting and just attention-seeking, i feel like enough of an attention whore posting on here! haha. 

Some days i don't feel as bad y'know and that maybe and i can sort myself out. I feel motivated to do shit, but it doesn't last long, i'm scared of people, being judged and having people stare at me. I'm not the best looking of people, i'm not fat.. but i hardly have a desirable body haa! and when people look at me i know they're thinking i look like a complete tool.. Seriously none of what i'm typing has any structure and it probably makes no sense.. but what i'm trying to get at is no matter how i look at it, chugging a shit load of pills seems like the only way to go, but i can't even bring myself to do it yet.. i know it would lift the burden that is me from everyones shoulders and i'll be free from this hell but i can't get past the point of laying it all out in front of me, i wish i could just do it, even as i type this it seems so appealing! heh, but thank you to whoever reads this.. you really are an awesome bunch and i apologise for the shambolic wall of text. about time i take my leave! 