This won't help. I'm going to die soon. I don't trust you.I don't trust anyone. I mean that very literally. At 27 years old I'm just about completely alone in this world.  
I have severe abandonment related PTSD and I am absolutely fucked up like you couldn't imagine. I literally cannot build even the most casual relationship with anyone. I can barely hold a conversation, either professional or casual, without panicking. Usually I just act really mean and say things people don't like so they won't want to try and get close to me (this is completely subconscious. I'm aware of it based purely on recollection). It's an extremely depressive, isolated, and unhealthy existence and I CAN'T MAKE IT STOP.  
I'm seeing a university psychologist who recently told me that I actually want to be sick... that broke the tiny bit of trust I've been developing with her over the course of the past 6 weeks. I'm not going back to see her. I knew this would happen anyway. My grandfather told me the same thing when I was a kid... "You want to be sad. You want to be angry. You want to be discontent."  
This is going to make me sound like I'm exaggerating, but I'm truly not: literally every person that I've ever loved or grown to trust has betrayed or abandoned me. My mother and father are addicts. I never had a relationship with my mom, but my dad was constantly in and out of my life. That fucking shattered me as a child. I lived with my grandparents who made sure I knew their love was 100% conditional on my ability to live up to their fanatically religious expectations. I had a morbidly difficult childhood in which I constantly felt that at the slightest provocation or failure I would be left alone to die. The first time I thought about suicide I didn't even know what the word meant. "Suicide" had not yet entered my vocabulary. Suicide was an original and completely organic thought for me. I was 4 years old and I distinctly remember wanting to kill myself. I've always thought of tall buildings and cliffs, still to this day.  
I won't go in depth into the slew of really intense friendships and relationships that I invested myself in throughout my life only to be disappointed. I will say that my grandparents sabotaged my relationship with my high school girlfriend who was without a doubt one of the closest relationships I've ever experienced. I'll say that I've been physically abused by women in multiple relationships. I accepted this because I often thought I deserved it and I was afraid to be alone. My last relationship I thought an angel had been sent by the god I don't believe in anymore. I can't even talk about what happened there. Let's just say she used me to get pregnant under the guise that we were getting married and building a family together (the family I never had). I was attending college (still am) and working almost full-time while maintaining straight A's. After she left I almost shot myself. 6 months later I graduated from college with honors and a 3.97 gpa. Somehow I decided not to kill myself in that moment with the pistol against my temple. I was angry at all of these people who I had really really loved with all my heart. These people who tricked me into giving over my soul... I put that gun down ALONE without a single person to help me. Here I am thinking about it again... this time I don't have a gun. This time I want to drink myself to death. It probably won't work.  
My hard work and self-conviction isn't enough. I can't do this alone, but I don't have a choice but to be alone. People are the scariest thing to me. Every piece of pain I've experienced has come from people that I really trusted with all of my heart. I would have traded my fucking life for these people, and I meant nothing to them. This is what people do. They try to make you comfortable and trusting and vulnerable, then they take what they want from you and leave you alone to deal with the fallout. No matter what anyone says I'll never believe it again. I'll never believe it when someone says, "I love you." The truth is that you only love YOUR FUCKING SELF. People like me are the ones who die first at the hands of people who lie and cheat to pull what they want out of you. Fuck everything.