The abuse is too much. I can't have his death on my shoulders.This might be lengthy. I'm sorry. It's all over but I have to get it out of me first.

I'm 18 and I'm getting married - but I don't want to; I'm trapped. If I don't marry, my boyfriend will kill himself. I can't have someone's death on my shoulders.

In retrospect, it's my fault. I was too stupid to see the signs. My boyfriend is an illegal immigrant and is only using me for his papers. But, when we first talked, he treated me so well. He acted like he really loved me, and would buy me many gifts. He always liked to cuddle. I pitied him because he was such a nice man, but in an unfortunate situation. I was ready to be his hero if he kept loving me. At least, that's what I thought. It wasn't even love, and he's certainly not a nice man now.

I moved out from east coast to west coast to be with him. I left my parent's house, college, work... family and friends. I foolishly left a life of security for something potentially dangerous. This is how I pay for that foolishness.

Living on the west coast didn't work out. For the life of me, even though I'm very much a legal citizen, I couldn't find any work. It was depressing to have stooped so low. I speak Mandarin Chinese and have lobbied Congress for public education funding in my youth group. I've beaten suicidal behavior before, having inpatient and outpatient therapy, and now *this*? Where is the strong woman my mom talked to me about? That's what I was supposed to be. Why did I give up for this man?

Anyway, I moved back in with my parents. My boyfriend was going to be homeless on the west coast until his friends in Chicago offered a room. He then wanted me to make a promise to him: "*Find work, then get an apartment and I'll move in with you. Then we'll get married.*" He told me he would die without me. At the time, I hadn't thought much of it.

I got a job at a small grocery - part time, minimum wage. It was the best paying position I could get in town without any college experience. First paycheck... $235. Second one, I got more hours... $316. Not enough money to get an apartment and pay for gas.

One day, I woke up to get ready for work and absolutely hated myself. The grocery is so busy, my back aches at the end of the day and I'm losing too much weight. The customers are just so evil! So I decided to call in sick, just this once. I told my supervisor I had vomited more than once and could not work that day.

I texted my boyfriend the same excuse I gave my supervisor. If he knew that I wasn't actually sick, and that I wasn't making money for him, he would have been so angry. Turns out, even though I said I was sick, he was still very upset.

"*That's $50 you lost today. I'm not happy with you right now.*"

I was so mad! We didn't talk for a few days. I told him my phone was having issues, so he wouldn't be mad at me for wanting a break. Well, I did a lot of thinking during that time. My therapist and I talked about it, too.

My therapist said something like, "You know you're going to break up with him, so just get it over with. Better sooner than later. He's no good for you, and I can tell that you know that. Just take deep breaths and use your coping mechanisms." Of course, my therapist doesn't know the extent of his abuse. My boyfriend would be really mad if he found out. He would be hurt. I might have to be hospitalized again.

Almost a month later, I finally got the courage to break up with him. I called him. I considered doing it by text message, but I've heard that isn't how you're supposed to break up with people because it doesn't give them closure. Anyway, I dialed the number and he answered after two rings. We talked for almost two hours. I tried to remain calm and explain all the reasons why it just wasn't working out.

I essentially said, "It's too difficult for me to support both of us. You need to get a job too, and you haven't. I can't keep caring for you like this because it's draining me. I wanted to be your girlfriend, not your mother. I'm sorry."

He said to me, "What? I cared for you on the west coast when you wouldn't get a job. How many months? Almost a year on my salary alone. I let you sit there and do nothing and this is how you repay me? Didn't we make a promise? Oh God. You're completely ruining my life. You were my only chance in this country and now I have nothing to live for. I can't even return to my home country. You're selfish. Even a friend wouldn't do this to me. I was a great boyfriend - I did everything for you!"

At this point, I started crying. He sounded like the people in the hospital ward - he sounded suicidal. If he died, it would be my fault for being so weak. I was letting someone die, because of my selfishness. Surely a life is worth more than my happiness.

I told him I took it back. I apologized for over thirty minutes, until he finally agreed to let me be his girlfriend again. He told me we could pretend that conversation never happened. So, ten minutes later he says, "*How was your day, sweetie?*"

Now here I am. So selfish, so stupid. In my desperation for affection, I've traded nude pictures with men from a NSFW subreddit. My face isn't in the pictures, but it's strange for me to do this. I text men on the side to make myself feel better about reality. It's stopped working. I don't feel good anymore.

I don't want to live anymore. I can't escape. Please don't say hurtful things to me. What is there left to do? There's nothing. I'm too young for it to end, but there's nothing. I could make it look like an accident so I don't disappoint anyone. So my boyfriend doesn't go after anyone and maybe doesn't kill himself. Then I won't be sad anymore, because I won't be anything.