How can I help others who feel hopeless, when I have no hope myself?It breaks my heart to see people suffering here. I come to r/SuicideWatch and r/Depression all the time, and read many posts. I feel the same way as pretty much every person who posts. I hate almost every single moment of every single day, and nobody understands. I'm 30, jobless, single, live with my parents, and see no other future for myself other than low skill warehouse/factory jobs that don't even pay me enough to have the tiniest apartment around here, all while hating every single moment of every day at work. And even if I could survive with these jobs, I would be in big trouble if anything were to happen. I would just be one big unplanned expense away from being screwed financially. I also have no motivation to do anything, and nothing interests me anymore. When you have trouble doing the basics, going to school for years just to do something you hate, doesn't really seem like an option to me. So even though I have no hope for myself, I read these posts and feel terrible for people who are actually going through with killing themselves. I have no will to live, but don't really have the will to die either, so I can't relate to them in that sense. But I still feel compelled to help them. I don't just want them to die, even if I don't know them! But I don't have any will to live or hope left for myself. I feel that these posts are a cry for help, and I think that understanding how the person posting feels should give me an advantage over others who don't understand, in terms of being able to help them. But the problem is, how do you show someone that there is hope, when you yourself have none? I want to tell them to just hang on and maybe things will get better, yet I HATE when people say that to me. I've been very depressed for half my life, and when people say to just "hang on", I wonder how the fuck long before something goes right? I remember people telling me when I was 15 or 16 to just "hang on and things will get better", but here I am at 30 and things are WORSE! So I feel a need to help others who feel the same way, but in doing so I would be saying and doing what everyone else says and does to me and I HATE IT. How can I help people who have no hope, without having hope myself? I feel I would be lying to them, and telling them something I don't even believe myself. I also feel like it wouldn't really do anything to help them, because they would be aware that I don't even believe what I'm saying.