I’m Afraid. I Don’t Know What To Do. Please Help MeThe only god damn reason I have for being alive and keep going is just the small chance we will get together. I’m gonna take that damn gamble. It’s so damn hard everyday knowing she’s just gone, we used to be so happy and loved each other so much. We talked about our future family and raising kids. It was the perfect story of how we met to tell our kids, we started on the opposite sides of the world just to meet, become friends, go our separate ways, connect again and become a couple. So many paths we took to lead us to happiness, now it’s all gone. Nothing fucking is worth it anymore nothing matters. My money, my degree I’m working on, all the accomplishments I have in life, it’s all worthless when you’re not happy. It’s not going to get better and all the advice sucks. She was the only one I felt this way with, it wasn’t just a relationship it’s what was supposed to happen. I get so mad at myself looking back of all the times we didn’t go do something more and more, just so I could have some more memories of us. I was like a puzzle piece who fit perfectly with her, it made everything I have in life worth it. I wanted to keep going so I could support my family. It’s all gone now, I don’t care about anyone else, I don’t want to see anyone else and I’m not going to. But I’m so afraid of how long I’m gonna have to wait, I’ve been so strong before and now I’m nothing, I’m weak. Everything I fought for and everything i wanted to accomplish doesn’t matter one god damn bit anymore because I’m not happy, none of those things even help me with my happiness. It’s the person who was intended to be with me, just gone. I felt connected in every possible way, I never doubted her or us, I never took a step back, I never regretted anything. I can’t believe this is what my life has come to. I went from mentally and physically strong to a weakling. I can’t sleep I can’t eat I can’t do anything. I’ve been crying for 4 days straight, even she was surprised because I have almost never cried in my entire life. We lived so happy together. I have no reason to wake up happy, no reason to go to bed. I used to love waking up and going to bed knowing she’s near me, and even her presence near me. I kept pushing for so many more things and finally felt a purpose in my life. A purpose that I’m gonna do this and that, get the good job I need to help support our family in the future and take care of them. I once never doubted my love to her. Now I’m afraid, I’m afraid of everything. A grown ass man who used to feel like a king and top of the world, happy and everything, now to fucking nothing. Just weakness and being afraid. Feel so damn worthless and hopeless. I will never and it’s because I don’t want to see anyone else and date anyone else. I don’t want to have to lie to a future wife / gf and to my future family how I love them when I will know in the back of my head how I don’t fully connect to them. Those future people aren’t going to be her, they’re not her and not the perfect match to me. I barely ever pray because I feel like I’m bugging God, I only pray for important urgent stuff like family health but damn I’ve been praying so much to God these last couple of days. Every morning and night and in the middle of the day, asking him to please help me, please help me. I’m begging you God please save me.