I hate my life, my past and being autisticWhere do I even fucking begin? My parents didn't want a kid, and my mom abandoned me almost immediately after I was born. I was tossed back and forth between my dad and grandparents. When I was in elementary school, my grandma forced my mom to be in my life and drive me to school, but we never spoke to each other. It was always silence. I'm lucky if I see my mother every few months, yet we have never had a relationship. She has never been in my life. She doesn't love me. My dad was a good guy, however, he was an alcoholic and would frequently have shitfits when I was a kid, and throw beer bottles, have parties, and break everything in the house. He let a drunken woman burn my hair off with a cigarette once. He tried to commit suicide in front of me with a gun when I was 8 years old, and ended up dying 2 years later. So it was just me and my grandparents. My dad's family was horribly abusive to me, his mom is schizo and unmedicated, and would frequently try to start fights for attention  and start crying and screaming at me and my sick grandfather for no reason. 


My dad's sister almost comitted suicide in front of me as well, and would throw these same kind of unwarrant fits where she would scream at me and insult me, at one point she ended up throwing an entire cabinet full of glassware on the floor and busting it. I have stopped contacting them since I turned 18, but they still gossip and spread rumors about me to anyone who will listen to it. The only person who ever cared about me is my grandma on my mom's side, she has been my advocate and my caregiver ever since I was a baby. Now that I am 18 and a freshman in college, she is getting older and weaker, and at 80 years old, I'm afraid she won't live much longer because she still works at an office and cares for my younger siblings. She tells me often how sleepy and tired she is, and it devastates me. 



I am high functioning autistic, so I can't really control my emotions all that well. My only close family member getting older is something I can't handle. I have spent most of my life alone, kids in school teased me and bullied me all my life because of my awkward behaviors and weird interests, and I feel like I've lost all sense of self I could have ever had because I have spent 18 years trying to alter myself to try and blend in with normal people. I didn't even make a friend until 8th grade in middle school, and her parents took me in during high school after I had been sexually harassed by an upperclassman. They ended up cutting me to the curb during senior year because I smoked pot, and so I lost my only friend. I had a couple people at school I talked to who shared my niche interests, and one of them tried to date me. I liked her a lot and we became friends and tried to date. However, her mother abused her and I called social services when she was literally sobbing at school and having a breakdown in front of the whole class because her mother had been screaming at her and calling her worthless, and she was threatening to harm herself. She then cut me off, lied to CPS and told them the report was fake, and told people I raped her. I struggled so hard to even make 1 friend in school after this, and her and her group ended up using me and kicking me aside in the same fashion.



I barely went to school during the last 2 months because I was so depressed, I almost flunked out of my classes despire being an honors student with a 3.9 GPA. My teachers intentionally harassed me, because they said, I needed to be tougher for college. I had a job during this time, and the people there were equally as cruel. They called me retarted and slow, and would patronize me constantly. One of the managers frequently "borrowed" my car and smoked cigarettes in it, due to the fact that I couldn't stand up to her. She was my boss, and I didn't want to get fired. However, I did get fired for calling out too much, when they were scheduling me for almost 30 hour weeks wjen I had school from 8-3. I end up going to a shitty liberal arts college a few months ago, where I have made 0 friends, and am struggling so hard because I am so autistic. I wasn't supposed to be in calculus 1, I failed the placement test horribly, but they made me take it anyway, and it has veen nothing but studying and crying and worrying about whether or not I can pass. I am in a very hard comp sci class as well, where I can barely do the assignments and am now tasked with a final project that I have no idea how to start. All I do is cut and cry, and sleep. 


The only person I have is my partner of one year, who I plan to move in with soon. However, our relationship is far from perfect, and I've lost many potential friends because I won't break up with him. I had never been in a real relationship before, and we started off poly. I broke up with him because I couldn't Handle being second best, but we got back together and he made me his only partner. You would think things would be okay, right? No, my dumb autistic ass fucks everything up cause I cant communicate. If he gets mad at me, I think he hates me. We argue constantly but I don't want to leave, I really do love him and I want to fix things. During all this, I found out he was flirting with some girl at an anime con and it destroyed me. He denies it vehemently. I don't want to show him the proof I got from his cellphone, so I keep quiet. We were arguing yestersay about how I didn't have the guts to ask a store clerk what I wanted, and he flipped shit.


Literally said I acted like a child. Then he says "I should stop treating you like a normal person. Maybe this isn't working out." Which caused me to so uncontrollably and break down. He didn't mean it in a breaking up way, but I cant read people and didn't recognize that. He says I'm too negative and judgemental, and I hate myself so much. I wonder why he still stays with me, but if I lost him, I would have nothing else. I can't lose him.


He saw the places on my arms where I cut and got upset, wouldn't touch me or acknowledge me, and I just feel so hopeless. He says it hurts him and hes tired of it. I dont want to hurt him, I am just hurting so bad. Be honest, is there any hope for me? I don't want the fake, positive answer. I want a real answer. 