Donei weigh 320 lbs, im 16, i have a lisp, im obviously a virgin. every time i want to go and do something i worried that the gear wont fit (like if i want to play paintball, i do have some RARE moments when i want to go out). my dad killed himself when i was 3 years old and i even remember him beating up my mom on the front lawn at only 3 years old... still get flashbacks of the moment. my mom has a back injurie and she still works her ass off to keep a roof over my head. i tried to loose weight 4 times and all of them has been for nothing. my mom tried really hard to help me but i couldnt do it because i dont have any confidence at all. i have never told my mom i love her, ever. she is the person i love the most in this world and i cant even say i love her. i cant say "i love you" to anyone. if it wasnt for my mom i would have killed myself a year ago, but because my dad died and her old ex died after a heart surgery i feel like i cant leave her after everything, and that is whats really killing me. i keep my distance from people, i dont even want to try and meet a girl because im scared that i would hurt her and yet all i want is someone to wake up next to and be happy. i wanted to try alcohol but i was almost to scared to do so because my dad used to beat my mom up when he was drunk. im also scared that i would do the same to a girl. i have never hurt anyone physically and yet im worried. i get pissed really easy but because i never do anything it just builds up until i need to let the anger and sadness out, i usually go outside and beat the shit out of the wall til i cant move my fingers. and every time i want to do something it always ends with suicide thoughts. it is now at the point where im ready to go but im still worried that im going to ruin my family. i dont want to hurt people and i yet i do it when im alive and i will when im dead. i dont want to hurt more people but i cant keep going like this. im so confused, i have 174 ADHD and antidepressant pills next to me and a letter ready. many people would die to have my life and still im here. i want to hear your HONEST opinion on my situation, just say whatever you´re thinking!!!!