Worried about an exHello all,

So sorry to hear how many people here are in such awful pain. I have depression, anxiety, CPTSD, and chronic illness, but I'm pretty good considering my history. My now ex partner has struggled with depression and anxiety for years.  Our relationship was under a great deal of stress, as he quit cigarettes and weed and instead used alcohol to cope. We lived separately for about 6 months after his alcoholism got bad, but he moved back in after he was sober and in therapy. Things got a lot better last summer when he started on Prozac. Unfortunately by late fall, his depression returned full force, but at least his anxiety was kept at bay. He quit going to therapy because his therapist wasn't a good fit, but never found another one and stopped doing self-care. He just kept running from his demons even though it was destroying him. As, I got physically and emotionally healthier, he withdrew more and more, his profound empathy evaporated, I gave him the opportunity to leave many times and I almost called it quits many times as well. He always said he wanted to stay and try and work on things, but wouldn't actually do the work. My codependency kept me in the relationship, trying to be supportive and get him the help that he needs so badly.  

I get that depression is uphill battle and an evil demon that feeds you lies and twists love from another person into just another form of pain, but I know from personal experience that it is possible to heal. Unfortunately, rather than dealing with his problems my ex broke up with me because he wasn't happy and the relationship wasn't fair to me. He then told me that he had been as depressed as he'd ever been and had suicidal ideation while I was gone visiting family over Christmas. He was gone the next day. We talked on the phone a couple times, but kept things superficial. He said we'd talk in person "in a few days", he promised he wouldn't fall off the map, and that he'd come to therapy with me at least once to talk about what happened. I told him I'd give him space and wait for him to reach out to me.  That conversation with him was two weeks ago, and he skipped the therapy appointment last Thursday. All he has with him is a bag of clothes and a couple blankets. I have all the rest of his belongings and we're still on a lease together. We have to at least deal with some logistical issues even if he isn't ready to deal with the emotional fall out. 

For 2 weeks it's been silence.  I  know from a mutual friend that at least he's still showing up at work, but I'm so very worried that his self-imposed isolation is going to cause his depression and "functional" alcoholism to worsen. 

He has a lot of acutely suicidal red-flags. He kept saying he wasn't sad, "just numb," he doesn't know who he is or what he wants, sudden withdrawal from the relationship, he's drinking with Prozac (which heightens the affects of alcohol), he's not in therapy, he is not responding to any of his friends who have tried to reach out, he doesn't do anything after work except go the bar, when he get's home he just eats sugar and watches the same shows he's seen a million times before, his drinking/spending/impulsivity has gotten worse since December.  I don't want to be in a relationship with him anymore, but I still care about him and I'm so worried. I haven't reached out to him yet because I want to give him the space he feels he needs, and I didn't want to be so angry that it worsened his shame spiral. I feel like I should reach out sometime next week as I have processed some of my anger and resentment. I'm in CODA, al-anon, and therapy.

If I reach out to him and get silence, should I contact his parents? They are really nice supportive people, but they lack boundaries and emotional intelligence. Their enabling, rescuing, and minimization of my partner's problems are part of the reason he has such intense learned helplessness. I don't think they know about his issues with addiction, but that is only due to their own denial. I know sometimes people have to "hit bottom" before they face their problems, but I don't want him to fall too far. 
 
I just don't know what to say or do.    :(