I hate myself and I want to die.Self presented eulogy from a twisted soul and a broken mind.

19 day remain

Method of choice: I will use a surgical scalpel and cut deep into the jugular veins on either side of my neck. Furthermore I would also cut the length of arms, separating the basilic veins. Horizontal for attention, vertically for results, Thereafter I would cut into both femoral arteries and bleed out should occur quite instantaneously as I will ensure I am well intoxicated to thin the blood.   

Born into a lovingly family which was sadly atypical, I was never socialised from a young age, I am antisocial to the most extreme extent, which is why I have an inclination to self destruction, addiction and any type of ludicrous behaviour which stems from an improper growth in self esteem and proper physiological worth or chemical in balance. May family loved me very much and I was I was nurtured adequately my mother especially as well as family sought to it that I be a well mannered, caring and respectful human being, that being sad I am way to sensitive for this world. My mother was an exceptional person whom would go out of her way for anyone in need family, friends, acquaintance or even the newly met individual. Her ways have shaped me into a friendly and always considerate person, however I had other faults which have moulded me to the person which I am now in flesh and bone.

Questioning and contemplating came to me naturally since I could ponder what I was being taught, it was personified that this would be the best way that one would think, behave and conducted himself always in one way or fashion, black and white right or wrong was indifferently the only way to behave. Being outside of the norm has been my way ever since childhood I would always thinking differently, be desponded, think irrationally, I would think differently to almost everyone, no\-one would think or feel like I did in any manner shape or form. That being said I has been a uphill battle from a to z, nothing has ever came my way easily, kicking and screaming was what I am used too. I even believed that my forefathers where cursed, therefore I started to believe that everything, everything was extrusive or out of reach for a mere weakling like me. I was under the assumption that things coming my way was a curse or karma that I deserved I would not be given any hand outs or parleys it was either meant for me or not. 

There has always been a feeling inside that others had it easier, I would contemplate that why them how come they had it so easy and I so difficult. How where others luckier more or more well equipped or responded to the whims of the world, what made me different from of the others. Why would I always spit in a matter saying on opportunities good fortune and tidings, what makes any environment different from any others, the obvious ploy distinction or hypothesis, would be your environment, mental well being, that you where being brought up with, IQ and opportunities.

From observation not one single person has the same factors, wellness of life however every single being mostly has a will to live, where does the tolerance for life come from, how come some preserver, prosper, postpone, set it aside or simply goes apathetically through their existence. 

The difficulty I have in appearing to be normal, sane and being one of you. I have always stood out in the crowd, I must walk and shine in the pale moon light but flutter along like an oxygen atom crossing the atmosphere to reach thee, I walk amongst you but are not one of you. Sure change is easy it comes naturally to everyone but consider this those whose cannot innovate fail in a small sense, will be the ones teaching, those whom have the inability to teach will imitate thereafter. It is a painful process that will leave you high and dry. No\-one truly cares about one another, when the time comes all will be exalted, there would not only be reckoning it will be retribution.

One can only hope that life the universe and everything in it will be a bit more apologetic towards others, I have come across theologians, philosophers, anthropologists, mathematical physicists. They have only increased the number of uncertainties the questions and the dumbfoundedness of the alluring question Why?. I have been cursed, questioned ridiculed and jokingly brought about to the masses. I have seen theologians disgrace their dignity through mere jokes, pranks and silly blasphemy, although never punished, I was shown that people are affable in never truly righteous these people are simply riding a wave or fulfilling an encroaching demand to be better. Unwaveringly the toughest question, absolute uncertainties that believing them would condemn oneself to a proper hanging, execution before trail and jury can even take place. History is a fical mistress and will always be written by the victors and by blood of their captives. There is no resounding believe or false hopes and promises, no everlasting peace in holding an imaginary friend above all others. Truth might be in absolute belief or blindness in a higher power, people are at the end of all evil or the end of the world. Sylvia Plath said it best “because wherever I sat—on the deck of a ship or at a street café in Paris or Bangkok—I would be sitting under the same glass bell jar, stewing in my own sour air.”