I lost the only thing I cared about because I was arrogant, now im alone and filled with self hate. Im done.
I spent the last 5 years of my life, working towards the only person i cared about. She was someone who brought me joy everyday, we talked for hours every single day, id stay up late everynight just to talk to her.

2 months ago she broke up with me, and when I talked to her about it she told me she was filled with regret and blamed herself for my depression. The whol thing phased and shocked me, and for the next 2 weeks when she wanted answers and wanted to talk I would block her out, tell her to leave me alone, ignore her and say shit I didnt mean becaue I was dealing with so much at once. I told her "You broke up with me, its clear you want to see other people" she wanted answers and a decision if we can work on things, she gave me a deadline and I didnt give her an answer.

I fucked up huge. I was doing everything for her, spent 5 years working towards moving over to her country, was doing a degree I dont give a fuck about for her, took 2 years off of school so she could get a full time job and we could still talk, spent any money I had on her and to see her. 

I lost it all in 2 weeks. After I regarthered my head and approached her a week later, She started seeing someone from tinder just under 3 weeks after we broke up. This killed me and sent me in to constant panic attacks and self hatred, I begged, cried, spammed her to take me back to work on things, to try and get through this together. She didnt care, she removed me on everything slowly over time and last week she finally fully blocked me on everything after I went off on her about how I was feeeling and that I feel stabbed in the back.

I had tickets booked in August as a surprise to see her over christmas, I tried to get them refunded but they couldnt do it because I used points on it. I spent over £200 on gifts for her and her family.

Now she will be spending christmas with someone else because I was arrogant enough to think that I can say what I want, block her out and pretend that it would all be ok. I fucked up, there is no one to blame but me and me only.

Every single fucking day I feel like ending it, because I feel like ive waisted the last 5 years of my life on this person. Im alone I have no friends because I pushed them away for my relationship, my parents and family no longer care and have "heard enough about it".

I have no direction, no drive, no motivation, no nothing I sit in my room doing nothing because I have nothing to do, no goals, no plans no nothing. ive lost my identity and I dont know who I am or how to get it back.

I just want it all to stop, I want to forget these past 5 years and give up.