I gave up on life 5 years ago because I’m Ugly and havnt left the house sinceI’m male, aged 30 (look younger) 182cm tall (1cm under 6ft) skinny af lanky with long legs etc, pale with a receding hairline and a kissless virgin. So yea in the looks department it’s over. I never leave the house and havnt since 2015. Between 2012-2015 I had a bar job, I met some amazing people but also some horrors. Horrible women who’d call me ugly and treat me like shit for it and these were the staff and managers I worked with. The good looking guys could do no wrong and when they fucked up it was pinned on me so many times. In the end I got fed up and left. I do go out to work at football stadiums as a steward and that’s the same, women staring me down because I’m skinny like it’s my  fault they’re fat. Other guys I work with staring at me with a ‘wtf is that’ face and overweight short girls calling me a ‘Ming’ (whatever that means) it’s great when say for example an older male will pass conversation to me and be very friendly and I think ‘it’s nice when someone looks past what I look like’ but there isn’t many like that about. I eat to gain weight my face goes fat and rounder but thinner I feel better. Still hidoeus nevertheless. A comment on here once I asked about my hair one comment said ‘he’s clearly balding and hidoeus btw’ and it got upvoted 17 times. I drink whiskey every night watching cartoons  and I’m starting to get chest pains. There’s a tree in my garden (I live with my dad) with multiple think high branches that can be reached with a step ladder I have already. All I need is the rope. I practice the pressure by standing on the ladder next to the thick branch where I plan on hanging myself most night. Practice the height feeling and feel the drop down and suspense. Need a rope but I need to buy one online which is only £5.99. That’s a bargain to free myself from this shit.

Also the only girl who ever liked me was in 2014 which is 6 years ago tomorrow. She was gorgeous too.
She worked in the bar with me. Damn I miss her so bad. Take me back To then please 

I basically live upstairs watching Netflix everyday in a house waiting to die while seeing other guys my age or younger/older have a life and getting girls etc that shit hurts 

Lookism man

That’s what I get