Co-worker/friend talking openly about suicide. I'm in need of guidance.Apologies if I have misunderstood any of the SW Guidelines with this post; I don't know where else to go at this time and figured this sub would be a great place to explore. (**tldr below**)

I work with what appears to be a manic depressive man. He is a wonderful soul and is someone I genuinely consider to be a close friend after spending a few years with him. He is kind, intelligent, and one of the most witty/entertaining people I have met. On the flip side, he delves deep into dark thoughts and behaviors and has found trust in me to share all of this with. He is 30 years old, recently married with a high-paying job. On the surface, he is successful and happy, but he is quick to tell me he is truly not (at least most of the time). He has a highly impulsive/reckless personality. One example: Recently purchasing a motorcycle with a $10000 loan, leaving $400 in the bank, all while in the process of relocating his wife across the country to live nearer his job. I could go on and on, but he essentially seeks immediate fulfillment in trivial, often material things to help cope with his depression. He looks to his past life as the 'glory days' where partying was the norm. Now, he feels his new life in mundane and forced. He maintains that he was talked into marriage and lives in constant fear of the "family man" life that is on the horizon. When he feels more positively, he communicates his strong love for his wife and how the "normalcy" she brings to his life is good for him. Then, he will show huge regret for his impulsive and selfish behaviors. It is a vicious cycle. 

Recently, he has been mentioning suicide openly at work. He freely talks about his attempts/plans in the past and about how suicide would be a viable solution to his present problems. This has progressed into specifics, down to the gun to be used and music to be played. 

Currently, his feelings are that if he were to commit suicide now, people would not see him as a failure; but if he did so as a father, people would. You do not have to be a licensed psychologist to deduce that his thinking and odd specificity suggests suicide is more than likely to occur at some point in the not-so-distant future.

I could go on and on about examples of his behaviors and if you all require more details, I would be happy to provide them. I am no psychologist and I assume that many of you are similarly not qualified or comfortable to offer any specific treatments. I am not asking you to. But, it's just that every way I have tried to dissuade him has been very...weak; and the more I attempt, the more guilt I later feel. The only person I know from his family is his wife, whom I have only met (briefly) once. But, to be honest, I am not sure if getting her immediately involved is the best course of action. This is just a gut feeling and I can do my best to explain why if need be. Nonetheless, I now feel a tremendous amount of burden and want to take some course of action to help not only my friend, but also myself as we go through this together. I am in need of advice - Where do I go next? 

**tldr; Friend at work struggling with suicide. Openly discusses suicide as an option to escape his mundane life. I'm having trouble dealing with it and am seeking guidance.**

Thank you all so very much for taking the time to read this. I wish you all well. I plan to dive head first into the sub for any helpful resources that might be available.