So you're feeling depressed......or anxious, or scared, or whatever. I've been through everything and back and I think I might be able to help you out. I might be wrong though. I still have issues. But I've resolved a good few of them. Let's get started.

#1. The meaning of life.
This one took me a while to realize. First of all, every moment of your life has been spent on a rock spinning though space. Every single moment. Every birthday, every movie watched, every time you hung out with friends. You were on a rock spinning through space. Now why weren't you thinking about that? That brings me to the meaning of life. The meaning of life is to be distracted. Yup, that's it. You can call it enjoying life, or having fun, but in reality its just distracting yourself from the rest of the world. It's a good thing. See right now most of your brain is busy distracting yourself. You weren't thinking about the fact you're on Earth before you read this were you? Or the fact that you're breathing. Or the fact that your tongue is in your mouth. Or the sensation of your clothes on your skin. See, our purpose is to be spending our time occupying ourselves. Why? Because millions of years ago, when our caveman ancestors were around, they HAD to keep themselves busy. If they weren't looking for shelter, or hunting food, or fucking to continue their species, they would die off. So it was a non-issue. But these days some people have a lot of freetime. And this leads to problems. Feeling unfulfilled. Feeling like don't matter. Like you aren't living. Which brings me to number 2.

#2. You pretty much have to keep yourself doing something
And unfortunately being on the computer doesn't satisfy this one. See, every action can only be enjoyed so long. The only way to really keep yourself busy is to switch from thing to thing. Maybe you go to the park. Maybe you go volunteer at the soup kitchen. Maybe you go bust out some molly and go roll face at some rave over in Fairfield. It doesn't matter, as long as you try to keep doing different things. But you need another thing as well...

#3. People.
 You need to be around people. Unless of course you're not into that. But most people are. Because they're people. And people like other people. Of course, for some of you this is a big issue. You don't have many friends. Well that can be solved. Just keep doing #2 and be nice to the people you meet while doing it. And if you're awkward don't worry. You'll learn and get better. So get a few friends and go out every now and again. At least every week. Don't be needy though. Everyone hates that. You hate that. Oh wait, I didn't say why you need to do this. Well unfortunately its basically the same reason as #2. Humans are designed to be around other people because it helps us survive. We don't really need that as much nowadays, but we feel like we're missing something when we don't have other people to be around.

#4. Drugs
Drugs are fun.