I just cut myselfI thought I felt better. I thought I was done with depression. I thought I saw myself as more. I don’t. I cut myself 6 times. I felt more adrenaline, slight dissatisfaction at the fact I cut myself but more satisfaction in knowing this disgusting unlovable fucking freak  is getting what he deserves. More left on read. More rejection. Guess who’s alone for Halloween haha. No suprise, I’m so done with this “it’s a temporary solution” bullshit. I ALWAYS END BACK HERE!! I’m tired. I’ve seen homeless with  gfs. Ugly ppl with gfs, short people with gfs. I’m 6”3 180 all muscle and yet I’m so broken the only people who care are online. I don’t even know why I type this. It’ll probably further prove no one could ever love me when I get left ignored. I’m fucking tired. Tired of pretending. No one cares. I’m just tired. I wish I had someone who wasn’t related to me that cared. Family just care because your related. Now I can’t stop thinking about why I was too pussy to end my life back in April on my birthday. Everyone leaves. Everyone. I cut to keep it inside. I took some pills to sleep but I’m gonna wake up later to the sound of desirable passers by laughing, enjoying their beautiful romance with people that love them, the ones that arent related but choose to be there. It’s true. U won’t be loved AS A MAN unless you love yourself. Actually no it’s not. There are men who are loved. Just not me. Not this broken black piece of shit. Not this fucking monster. Every day is another painful ironic stab when someone over the Internet calls me handsome knowing they’d never even talk to me if they knew me, WHY KEEP LIVING LIKE THIS?! I wish I knew how to end it easy. I’m so close to giving up, but I just hear sweet lies. Promises of “someone” loving me one day. I’m 25 now. I get uglier every year. So while my mind is nothing now, it’s only gonna get worse. Wrinkles, loose skin. I’m ugly now, hard to see why I shouldn’t just call it quits since I’m already unlovable while young. Maybe I can get the strength to go for my coroded tonight.