I see nihilistic suggestions here all of the time, but those views don't make the world any more interestingAll of the time here, I see this depressing as heck suggestions of "Life is meaningless, so just make it about fun, fun, funny, fun-fun all of the time.", but that sort of lifestyle doesn't appeal to me. In fact, it disgusts and depresses me. Maybe it's because I hate most of the general suggestions- the things people always tell you to do while you're young, but that philosophy prints the world in a boring view.

I hate how all these speakers (school, online, where ever), always say, "Travel while you're young." and insist we go out and do it while we're young and able. I hate traveling. It's stressful. At places with tourism, it's just like sitting at a local hotel. At places where it's more for the view... well, I can see that online. It's dumb to go visit a place just to see something. 

I know four languages (not because I'm smart or nothing. Just love languages and have a knack for picking them up quick). I've been to places where they speak it natively (Mexico, Germany), but those places were just as boring as home. They say you meet all kinds of people, but the people always treat tourist just the same. Thankfully, there is no country where Esperanto is the natives language, so I don't feel obligated to go anywhere else. But, back to the point, there aren't any 'great, wonderful, interesting' people out there just waiting to be met by tourists passing by. Everywhere you go, people are pretty much the same. 

And I hear some of that crap philosophy from that Epicurius guy from Rome that somehow still persists. Just off the top of my head, aren't those people mainly just foodies? I'm not a very adventurous eater. Eating local 'cusine' seems more gross than anything. Don't care about any, supposedly delicious foods I've yet to try. 

I do like to read, but that's gotten a bit old. Although the opening lines of one of my favorite Tolstoy books (psst... not the one that's War and Peace) talks about how all unhappy families are unhappy for their own reasons, and with that notion I do agree. For those of you who've not read it, it can basically be summed up as "All things, happiness included, trace back to family." I was dealt a pretty crappy hand in terms of family (in my opinion), but I don't think it's anyone else's problem to fix. I can deal with it But it's kinda hard to be happy to be home when you don't like (not that I hate any of them either, although some do certainly push that boundary on my bad days) the people there waiting. I know that not liking your family isn't the end of the world, but geez has this made my life just a little bit worse.

I used to like school. But highschool has been boring these last two years. I could probably go to some small college if I wanted to, but at this point, why would I bother with four more years of HELL. Teachers are some of the worst people I've had the displeasure of meeting and I'd rather not spend four more years dealing with their self-righteous crap. Especially the English teachers.

Oh and to top it off, I'm sick of hearing things along the line of "Go get laid", or "hang out with someone", or "Go to a party of something." I hate the third thing, the first thing is sinful (not that I won't burn in Hell for killing myself anyway, but I guess the question is, do I really want to be a bad person twice over?), and as I said earlier, I don't really like people. I do have three people I don't mind being around, but the girl's off to college (she actually made me genuinely happy when she was around), the other is too busy with her girlfriend or work, and the third is just plain hard to get ahold of. Three of the four of us were going to do something for Christmas break, but none of them answered. Alas poor me, no one would answer /s

But back out of that self-absorbed pity party, I freaking hate parties. I hate party music, party behavior, party spacing, etc. It's literally my least favorite thing to do in the world. Same reason I hate cities. Dirty, crowded, need I say more? Taxes out the wazoo, crappy schools.

So here I am, bored and wanting to die (Don't anyone dare say "You just want the pain to stop". NO! I'm not in pain, I'm just bored out of my freaking mind. Being stuck on this craphole planet is the most tedious and boring thing ever devised. I may actually already be in Hell. Can't be much more than frittering away by the computer each day, tortured by my ever bored mind.

Well, at least my new year can start and end with a bang.