I’m a bit nervous to post here because I’m not great with you know being open with my emotions but it won’t help to bottle them up so... here they are I supposeTW: pedophila and self harm, don’t purposely read this to trigger yourself, I know how it feels to do that and I wouldn’t wish it upon any of you.

So umm I relapsed today. It’s not pretty and my thighs look like a checker board. I’m not looking forward to having to wear trousers to hide them but in hindsight I probably shouldn’t have put them so far apart. That’s besides the point. I’m really tired okay? I was meant to have a therapy session today but all they did was talk to my parents and double the meds that help me sleep, I don’t have issues sleeping anymore and it’s not what I need. I need some kind of mood stabiliser and preferably not one that makes me gain weight as a side effect like my current one because my body issue is probably one of my second biggest problems and I’ve been told I’ll probably develop some kind of eating disorder at some point in my life. I struggle with BPD, anxiety and Aspergers, I feel like I never really got a childhood because I had to mature quickly to help my parents cope with my brothers (both autistic one still doesn’t have a high school and the other won’t be allowed in school unless he’s medicated which makes him loose appetite and is now extremely under weight) I started self harming at 12 when another girl spammed me with photos of her cutting and then a few years later I was sexually groomed by a pedophile and to be honest, sometimes it scares me to the point I’m too scared to leave my house. The police never caught him because I was still so in love with him I barely told them anything, at the time I could’ve helped them get him but I didn’t. Sometimes the fact that there’s nudes of my underage self covered in self harm marks on the internet’s scares me, keeps me up at night. 
At the minute I’m only alive for my friends, one with cancer and the other one who would probably kill themselves if I left, I’m pretty much their entire support system. Also I don’t think my parents could cope with them without me. Sometimes I hate the people in my life for relying on me so much, I’m in pain and I can’t do anything to stop it because of how much it’ll hurt everyone else, it’d be too selfish but at the same time...  I’d love to do it to show my school therapist that I wasn’t overreacting when I said I was suicidal, love for Charlie to see that the girl he manipulated for so long finally snapped, I’d love Veronica to see the girl she taught to self harm never stopped. But it’d also make my friends who tried to help me think they weren’t enough. I don’t know what to do but I don’t want advice. I’ll admit it, I’ve given up on getting better, I can’t see it happening and I don’t really want a future anymore. I fantasise about it though sometimes, a loving girlfriend cuddled up to me by an open fire with an elderly dog on my lap half asleep, it’s the life I want but will never get you know? I’m ace and Bi so finding a loving partner would be harder for me, it doesn’t matter, I’m not going to find anyone anyways. Sorry I’m just ranting haha, thank you to those few who encouraged me to post here it’s helped take things off my chest a little. I really hope things can improve for you guys who are still fighting, who are trying to get back control, I’m so so proud of you all for being so strong for so long.