I am probably going to kill myself before the year is over.I am probably going to kill myself before the year is over.

I'd like to think that there is something out there for me but I already wasted far too much time and deluded myself far too long.

I live in Germany. I am 23 years old (male) and have always been obese. - 
needless to say that i endured my fair share bullying and was at least suspicious towards other kids - thus i was already doomed to be an introvert.
which is to say that i barely had any friends in the German equivalent to Elementary- and Highschool with whom I'd hang out outside (/after) of school. 

when i was 14 all my remaining grandparents (cancer/heart-attack/stroke) and my Mother(cancer) have died during the previous 2 years. I could say that it was traumatic , but I would be lying. to this day I don't have a single fond memory of my mother. As a matter of fact I didn't even really know her. I cannot tell you about her personality  her dreams - or a single anecdotal experience of her.

our upbringing (my brother and me) was one of neglect - It wasn't abusive or anything but it wasn't normal either. we had no real rituals like family meals at set times (or an healthy diet for that matter both my parents were obese too.) , basic hygiene rituals before bed - All of this really basic stuff i had to teach myself IF i could. what i remember is that my Mother was smoking a lot (never making any effort to smoke outside or in another room) - and i hated it. 

So yeah i was 14 and living with my older brother and father - with only 1 working Parent left the parenting didn't exactly get better. but as an socially awkward, introvert, obese teenager you can also appreciate the lack of parental attention. as a matter of fact I am pretty certain that he lost track of my Grade. and he neither knew exactly when school reports were due nor did he really care nor ask for my slightly above average school-reports.

at the time 7th-13th grade. it was really a breeze - I was lazy and tried to maximize my grades with the least amount of effort possible - which worked out great according to "past-me". I had no ambition, dreams, or social circle's during that time - i just tried to get the fucking school day over to get to. Video-gaming ,TV or reading - whatever activity allowed me to pretend I am not me - or at least forget that I am me.

Every day since the  ~4th Grade - I told myself stuff like:

* ""Future-you" will no doubt take care of the obesity" -
* I can start to turn my life around whenever i want! ; starting tomorrow! 
* lets start studying a week in advance for a change !
* The problem will take care of itself 

Of course i never managed any of these things - and "present me" eventually becomes "future me" with nothing to show for all the time that has been wasted.


needless to say. I never had a Girlfriend, or never kissed a girl, or even received an affectionate genuine smile. 
I think the best i managed to this day is a non-committal formal handshake with a mixture of revulsion and pity.




anyway - I finished my A-Levels with the German Equivalent of a B-
I applied for a relatively new course in an relatively new field at an Uni. The application included a homework and a interview (if you pass the homework). I passed the Homework and was relatively proud of the result - I did a lot of preparation, research, and put a lot of effort into the homework itself. 

but after the interview which was more setup like an interrogation really 
(even to people who are not Introvert, self-conscious about their obvious physical shortcomings and lacking self esteem)
I got rejected via e-mail a week later. though I already knew when saw in the interviewers faces. yeah I was kinda shattered and my fear of rejection didn't exactly get less after this point. 
I had no backup plan (because there were not many places for that course at any rate) and so i had no Uni or Occupation - I studied on my own in the field for ~5 months  so that i would have a head start for the next opportunity (2011) at the UNI - but i fell back to bad habits of complacency , procrastination and mediocrity. - I failed the Homework of the coming year ; which didn't surprise me because i put barely effort in it.

2012 i didn't even make the pretends of applying. that being said. I have nothing to show for the last 3 years in my life - there would just be a hole in my resumé. 3 Years of social Isolation and complacency. 

I have no excuse - I have only shame, loneliness and an excruciating crippling anxiety of Judgement and rejection (which is more justified than ever in my life)
I can't even look homeless guy in the eye without tearing up - knowing that i should be in his place,

I am not meant to be. I am not good enough for anything or anyone.
why should I live when people with less opportunity, worse upbringing and 10 times the effort end up in the gutter ? I can't justify it anymore or rather my self delusion isn't nearly as convincing as it used to be. Moreover I don't even see the point anymore.

I can't get my time back and i can't bear the consequences - and even if could bear them ; there are no fucking guarantees I'll get ahead from where i started.



If killing myself was as easy as pulling the trigger on a gun (If i had a gun, that is) - I'd probably be dead for several Months.
And I am not exactly looking forward to the death struggle that ensues when your basic instincts kick in when in danger of e.g. suffocation. 

I don't really know what I expect by posting here - I guess it's more or less just a confession. If nothing else this serves as insight to whomever is interested in the last turnings of my thoughts.