Has anyone actually tried calling the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline?Have any of you ever called the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, and if so, how was your experience?  I'm asking because I've Googled the number before, but never actually worked up the courage to call before today.  Which, okay, that should tell you something about how little of an immediate threat I really am to myself — if I can't work up the nerve to talk to someone on the damn phone, I don't have the guts to kill myself.  And, to be honest, I guess that's the crux of the issue for me: I don't want to be alive, I don't want to wake up tomorrow, and I feel like I have nothing to live for, but I am also a coward.  I am afraid of pain. In fact, I have never really felt intense physical pain — I've never had stitches, I've never had surgery, and I can't recall the last time I had any sort of painful fall or accident.  (I fell of my bike and cut up my arms and legs quite badly when I was 9, but that doesn't really count.)  The point is, I don't think I'm willful enough to finish the job, and I'm fairly certain I would chicken out midway through, but I am afraid that at some point I'll lose control enough to give it a half-hearted try and then I'll end up in a terrible one-car accident that doesn't actually kill me and leaves me living the rest of my life in an even worse situation than I am now.

Anyway, that preamble brings us back to the question I posed in the title of this post — have you ever called the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline before?  After looking up the number and hanging up on them twice, I finally thought I should just wait and talk to someone.  (Even though, in the back of my mind, all I could think was, "Don't be stupid.  You're a fraud.  These people could be helping someone who really needs it.  Stop wasting their time.")

So I'm on the phone, sobbing of course, as I listen to their recorded message, then the hold music, and then finally a woman who sounds really over-the-top cheerful Midwestern picks up the phone.  She says hello.  I say hello.  She says hello again.  I am befuddled.  Does she have any sort of training?  Do most people who call have a course of conversation they immediately want to start on?  Why would you just say "hello" again after I say hello?  Why not say something like, "Hi, I'm Kathy, what's your name?"  But just "hello?" again?  Jesus.  Okay.  So I choke another hello through the tears.  Then she asks me my name.  I tell her.  She asks me to repeat my name.  At this point, it's like, oh fucking forget it.  I'm just going to continue to rely on my cowardice to keep myself alive.

The truth is, every time I've looked up the number, I imagined that if things ever got really bad in my life, if I was there with a gun to my head or if I was standing on the railroad tracks, that I could call and talk to someone who would know the right magic things to say, but I don't think anybody does.  I don't know if there are any magic words, and now I feel even more alone.


TL;DR - I called the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. It was awkward.  I was hoping for a miracle and none was delivered.