to Adam; thanks for telling me I can't have problems.
I don’t know how to be honest with myself anymore. I treat life like an equation with constants and variables, but I’ve been proven wrong about anything I attempt to quantify or accomplish. I try and live life from moment-to-moment but I end up with nothing but the same lack of success, only from the opposite direction. I’ve been disciplined, nice, mean, chaotic. I’ve changed everything about me so many times now I don’t remember what I used to be, and still the outcome is always the same. I’m alone. Worse than that, I’m desperate. It shows in everything I do. Everyone can read me like a book once I open my mouth. It’s a shitty feeling to know that no one wants you. That you are just not good enough for them. For ANYONE. What’s worse, though, is knowing that I’ll probably settle for someone who just tolerates me, because I’d rather do that than be on my own.

Oh boo hoo, fucking ric boy is sad. That’s the reaction I always seem to get. “Focus on college”, “You’re not here to find a girl”, “You have it so well, you don’t even know.” FUCK. YOU. Like I’m not allowed to have problems just because you resent where I come from? Like I’m LESS than you are, because you’ve had it so rough you fucking hypocrite? You think I enjoyed telling my folks I was depressed, after a counselor explained she feared for my safety? You think I like the fucking attention? Like I just want to have a problem like some attention whore? 

Then I remember how hyperbolic I am sometimes. I’m bothered by a lot of questions, but this is the one I’m usually centered on. I think maybe I was meant to be alone forever. It would explain why I read so many things about the strength it takes to walk alone. I just see glimpses of a life I'd live in good company, with someone I loved, and I throw everything that I learned out the window in a desperate, telegraphed scramble to keep just a little bit more of that memory this time. I impose my own reality on the world, and forget to look for what it is. 

I have never had a relationship. I have never been intimate on any level with anyone I didn’t pay for. 

Why am I writing? Because I know you're going to come around someday looking for answers. Here's the one you needed to find;

I did it because I didn't want to care anymore. I didn't want to keep failing, or getting hurt, or being broken down into nothing only to rebuild myself into the same flawed person I always was, with the same failures and the same short-sighted dreams to entomb myself in. I care enough to pull an eject lever, but not enough to actually change what I see wrong with myself. 

I thought I could wait it out until you died. So you wouldn't have to bury me. If I didn't, I'm sorry for that. It wasn't my intention. 

My problems seem so petty to everyone I know. Everyone thinks that just because I’m well off that means I’m happy. It won’t be today. It won’t be tomorrow. But I can never shake the feeling that unless I fix this, I won’t get the images out of my head. I put a friend’s pistol to my head and played Russian Roulette just so I could feel something. I know where he keeps it. It’s a matter of timing. Then, once the initial shock wears off, I’ll use it like a drug until it kills me. It might be on a Monday, or on a Saturday. Fuck it. Why not start today. 

I just don’t want to feel alone anymore, even if it means feeling nothing. I’ve been alone my entire life. Nobody wants me. No one has ever wanted me. They just feel stuck with me. They just tolerate me. It's sickening. 

This is on my terms, now. 
