Only thoughts of suicide keeps me toghetherI am loved, I love other people. I have the best girlfriend ever. I have accomplished all of my childhood dreams. It was no small dreams, one of them have only been accomplished one other time in my country. 

But it has given me the insight that no matter which dreams and goals I have, I will never be satisfied and it will never be enough. Never. I will march down my grave no matter if I die in a plane crash or in a shitfilled bed in a nurdikg home, full og dreams and which to just take one more breath. Maybe the scale differs, but values and experience is subjective, who is to say it is better to travel around the world than gross my garden in a wheelchair?

And the basic facts, that I'm a finite animal, that just act based on its hormones, instincts, and cues from the environment, and everything I do is to keep being relevant in the social context. 

Its impossible to do something 100% for others, and it is impossible tondonsomething 100 % just for one self. My sense and experience of oersonality and identity only exist If there is a constant input from my social environment. Without it I only experience and don't exist as a person. 

I will never be able to lean back and smile and be ok to die. My body will drive me to take another breath, no matter if there is a tank on my midsection or I'm 113 years old dying in my bed. 

History, and technology development creates an illusion of progress and is just a part of the building of the identity. What is really the purpose to have a train that takes me to town in 2 hours instead of 3? Why the hurry? 

The freedom and satisfaction on the horison is just an excuse to rationalize and irrational existence, moving forward under the constant knowledge of imminent crushing extinction. 

Saw a tv show where an 80 year old won a shit ton of money and decided to renovate his house. My instincts told be he was insane, his frail body would never be able to finish, and he would most likely never see even half of it completed. But then he is just in the present moment, that we are all caught in from moment of birth to moment of death. He needs like all of us have the illusion of content on the horison to rationalize his existence and tell himself that death can't come now, he needs to build. 

And all objects on that horison is equally necessary and important as the nature of existence is subjective. No matter if you are Bill Gates or a big guy on 300-lb life you are just trying to tell your self that there is a reason to continue another hour, day or year. It doesn't matter if you work in the same dead end job for 40 years or of you are Trump, you just try to make sense of the irrationality that is life.


We all know this if we think enough about it. It is insane that there is basically no compassion in life, when we all are in the same situation, no matter if you are Hitler or Gertrude working in the local store, we are all just as confused and scarred.

I used to work in a mental asylum, and in retrospect - goddamn were some of them were spitting some truths. We deem people that see through the thin fabric of illusion as insane, cause if we listened, actually listened, we all go bonkers. 

For some reason the thought of suicide makes perfect sense. There is no purpose or meaning or joy to be old. The only thing that exists is this moment right here, so why not just go for it?
Death is not bad, and the reason people are against suicide is because they themselves are shit scarred of it. 
Suicide is bravery to face reality.