I feel so unwanted, unloved, if I died a couple of people might care but that's itI guess I'm posting this as a call for help. I have never been in a relationship, I'm 23 and had one kiss and never had sex, never felt loved that way. There's only one girl I've ever liked and she doesn't feel the same, I told her my feelings the other day and she rejected me, said we could still be friends but now she is super slow to reply and very short with replies so I think I killed that friendship. My career has just started, what I worked my whole academic life for now I realise it will never bring me the happiness I want. My friends don't seem to get my problems or even care that much about what I'm going through. Whenever Im alone or not distracted all I can think about is how shit my life is. I have no one I can have a proper meaningful conversation with, no one to love who loves me back. I don't have any particular talents or hobbies that actually interest me anymore and as I've said my work makes me miserable, so I'm not sure what I'm living for right now. I see no signs things will improve, no clue when I might meet a girl who loves me as much as I love the friend I estranged, no clue when I might find something I actually care about.

The only time I can convince myself it's not that bad is when I'm drunk which is as often as possible but I can't every night or I'll be hungover at work and I can't afford to lose that. I don't think it's even that I feel sad the rest of the time, just that I have no energy left to do anything. I feel the need to take time off. Off everything, no work, no social life. Literally drop everything Bilbo style and spend some time off the grid, no phone, limited cash and a tent. Spend some time on the coast maybe, living a life without the bullshit. Don't have the money for that, though. Won't do for a long while yet. I feel trapped by the monotony of life. There is nothing exciting left.

Well if you read this far thanks, not sure what I want out of this, maybe just to get it off my chest.