Am I a lost cause? (xpost from r/mentalhealth)I don't have anyone to talk to about this, and I have an irrational fear of psychiatrists that will be covered shortly - call this, a stream of consciousness in hopes of finding some kind of answer.

As a result of head trauma from abuse at a very young age, I developed a fatty lipomas in the parts of my brain responsible for impulse control, trust, abstract perception, and a few others... That is not the important part, though. My entire life, has been one series of trainwrecks leading to the next - I can never seem to make the right choice; I'll impulsively act while knowing what I'm doing is going to screw me over, but do it anyhow. At 34 I've never been able to hold down a job for more than a year, because I always get restless, hostile, and very unsettled and depressed - but everything leads to depression. I can't seem to form lasting platonic or intimate bonds with people, but I want to; can't stay in one place, but I want to settle down and build a life for myself; I know what needs to be done, but it's like there's some unseen force preventing me from ever doing it. This has led to chronic depression, and earlier in my life, drug and alcohol addiction. I don't know what the hell to do! I've tried every self-help course I can find, every NLP walk through... I've attempted suicide 3 times, but every time it somehow gets botched - so I have this sense of purpose, this idea that I'm meant for something more in this world. But I just can't. It's infuriating - I have an IQ of over 145, with deep understanding of the universe and what makes people tick, a love of music and a talent for statistical analysis and prediction; but no motivation, no ambition, nothing.

On top of all this, due to a rather catastrophic childhood, I have severe delusional paranoia - I have tried seeing shrinks, but they just want to put me on more pills... And I'd rather die, than go through psychotropic withdrawls again. All of my family are happily married, have amazing careers, houses, a life for themselves... And I'm working a temp job, living in a weekly rent studio in a shitty desert town. I'm an absolute failure, but please don't take this as a call for pity or me feeling sorry for myself - I'm losing hope, and all the light and happiness has left me. My existence consists of just surviving the day, so I can go to sleep and dream of a life where my brain works right. I'll be perfectly honest, I don't think I'm going to last through the end of the year; I don't care about what happens in the afterlife, because anything has to be better than this. "What man has hell to fear, when he has lived through it his entire life" I once had someone tell me on a suicide hotline, "Maybe it will never get better. But you can't sell yourself short, because what if it does?" That may have worked when I was in my teens and twenties... But I'm just under halfway through the expected lifespan of European males, and what do I have to show for it? I don't know what I'm looking for here. But I need hope, because I'm going to buy a 45 next week. One last Christmas, and if it isn't getting better, if I can't fix my head, I'm going to commit suicide.