Why? (Xpost from depression)So a couple of weeks ago I posted here and got some words of encouragement from you guys but my situation has gotten worse.
I got a second job as a busboy in a restaurant near my house. I can't stand that job. I also have had a long talk with my whole (immediate) family and my parents are getting a divorce. I want to leave my house so bad but my therapist said in the state I'm in it wouldn't be a good idea. I would leave in a suicidal state and have many unresolved issues with my family that can become bigger problems my future. 
I try to used comedy (like always) to make a joke or lighten the mood but really it's a shitty defense mechanism. So I go to work and fake a smile with all the people that walk through the door and I wave at the people I pass by on the sidewalk but I never feel more empty than when I do that. I wish I could just seep into the sheets on my bed. No worries about the future. No worries about money. Or family. Or suicide. Or making anyone disappointed in me. No voice nagging me saying that you can do that better or that I'm a failure and what's the point in trying. 
I'm scared and right now the only thing I have to look forward too is having a session with my therapist Friday. Nothing more. No vacation. No holidays. No birthdays. No visits. No time for myself. I just want to sit down and wait to rot away. 
I hate living right now and people tell me it'll be better and in my experience it does get better. But after without fail it gets worse. And the times it's worse last far longer and are far harder than the better times. 
I don't know if I can make it out of this one guys. All love know is that I don't want too. Why? Why can't I just do it? I don't want to live and despise every minute of my life right now so why can't I pick up a knife or drive into a tree or slip into a heart attack? Please. If there is a God or gods or any form of higher power why can't he just this once send something my way? Let me wander without recollection of my past. Without worries and concern. And most importantly without life.
If I don't feel better soon I think I'll do it myself. Just quick and painless. No mess. No anguish. And most importantly no regret. 