I know I’m loved but I can’t feel it.My family is rich, I live in a great neighborhood, and my family loves me (to the best of their ability). I know I’m loved, I really do. I know people care and people will be hurt if I die or even kill myself.

So why can’t I feel it? I feel like the worlds shittiest, most disrespectful, and disgusting child. I’m a bad friend and an asshole and I know people in school only talk to me out of pity. I look at myself in the mirror and scoff in disgust because I can’t find anything about me worth anyone else’s time. 

I don’t talk to my family anymore. I lock myself away in my room listening to music or wallowing in sudden wave of sadness to sudden wave of sadness. I don’t know why I feel this way and I remember when it started. It was just like a switch, a flick on and it hasn’t flicked off. I haven’t been to a therapist because I’m sure they’re just gonna tell me what I already know or make everything worse.

School has become harder and harder to do. I’m a relatively smart guy, I get good grades and I’m in challenging classes, but they’ve only gotten harder and harder and I’ve gotten lazier and lazier. Whenever I’m on break from school I work super late hours at my job everyday. I don’t get breaks anymore. My bosses are dickheads and my coworkers are worse. I’m the youngest one there and I can’t seem to avoid the abuse they pass of as “friendly jokes”. Whenever I get home from anything now all I do is sleep and try to continue from there, but it’s hard. I’ve lost motivation to do anything. Even the idea of killing myself seems far fetched because of how much planning is needed.

I’m so young, too. I’m only 17, a senior in high school. Why do I feel this way? Why can’t I just be normal? My small town is very... conservative. I’m a gay guy and I hate myself for it. I hate that I sing in choirs and act in theaters because I’m just pushing the stereotype. I hate who I am and how I act. I try to please other people and sometimes it works but I end up feeling bad I can’t make everyone happy.

This post is more of a rant than anything else. I’m sorry for that. Thank you for reading. If you have any advice, please... Help me.