So this is how I feel. Here it goes. 
I'm 21. I've struggled with being sad since I was 16, over meaningless things, pretty much just being upset with myself under achieving. This is pretty besides the point as I now go to a great college and am doing pretty well in life. I have two internships, people generally enjoy my presence. 

The thing is, I have been dating a guy for a year and 9 months, and things have been going downhill since then. I love him to death, but our relationship is so fucked and it is messing with me terribly. We've been fighting for the past year now, and he makes it seem like it is completely my fault. If I talk too much to his friends, I have feelings for them. I still "have feelings" for my ex boyfriends. Anything, it's my fault. He plays the victim card and says I'm manipulating him, hurting him....being a bitch/cunt/asshole....I can't stand this. I love him and would do anything for him but he drills it into my head that I'm a terrible person.

I am going crazy. He lives with me because he was kicked out of school for physically abusing me and his parents kicked him out of our house. Everyday, it's something else. If I spend too much time in the library, he assumes I'm cheating on him or something. I can't take it anymore. I know I should leave him, but I can't. Everytime I tell him that our relationship is awful and we should break up, he thinks I'm just saying this to get a rise out of him. 

I'm just going crazy, wondering if things are really my fault or if he is over reacting. It just feels like there is no out and this will never change. Nothing sounds better than getting a handful of pills, a bottle of wine, and fading out while watching a Memphis Grizzlies basketball game. I just don't want to be alive anymore. 

Further, and I guess I said that this wasn't significant, but I just feel like an idiot. I am terrible in school and just feel really stupid and like I'm not going to be successful at all. On top of this, I was arrested for marijuana possession (partly his fault) last year and have to take a drug test for probation next week. There's a chance I'm going to fail and will have to go to jail and have this go on my permanent record. I can't have that happen with what I want to do in life. I figure I could just go out as a martyr for the drug legalization movement. 

I don't know. I just don't feel like being alive anymore. 