planning to kill myself because i have no other options left and i can’t keep putting myself through all this anymore. rambling cause no one caresim just gonna plan on killing myself soon with pills and alcohol and doing something else. i really can’t wait and it makes me a little happy and relaxed to think about it. it sucks a lot though too because i just wanted to be happy and live such a full and happy life but i got sick so young and couldn’t finish school or work full time after and everything’s been shit since. i always pushed myself to do as much as i could though because i knew all the things i wanted. but it just made me get sicker and sicker. now i can’t really function by myself at a normal level at all.. so i don’t see myself being able to work any, i can’t really explain that i’ve been homebound and that’s why i haven’t been working for years but they should hire me anyways even though i can’t do full shifts, can’t stand the whole time, can’t promise i can speak right, or do other basic shit. it’s literally in so many job descriptions a bunch of physical requirements i cannot do. but i look healthy and everything, and i am strong. my muscles just give out way fester then normal due to my illness and it causes me lots of pain and fatigue after more than normal. like even walking for 3 minutes will cause me to have symptoms and they lay a little too. it’s just terrible cause i was always so active and planned to have such an active life. anyways now i’m not able to function by myself like i said and i rely on my abusive ‘boyfriend’ who i don’t see us as together but he stays living with my family and i for free and i can’t get him to leave without a lot of hassle + i don’t necessarily want him to because he sometimes helps me do everyday simple things so it’s like i kinda need him since i have no one else. but he doesn’t care about my physical or mental health at all. he makes things worse and doesn’t care. he’s incredibly irresponsible. cheats and hides things daily. tried gaslighting and takes advantage of my poor health like memory loss and stuff to manipulate things or lie. my parents are also crazy and are what you’d see on r/insaneparents (i believe). they are controlling af, i’m 21 and tried getting out so many times. tried physically doing it the normal way, was stopped by my mom intervening. tried calling services myself for help but they said they couldn’t help me. my moms been physically and emotional abusive for no reason since i was young. my parents are manipulative and controlling and my mom even told my ‘bf’ that i haven’t earned my freedom. again i’m 21. i know i’m rambling i’m sorry i hope i’m making sense. there’s just so much and everyday i have to do so much extra shit just to please these people who do not care i’m disabled and do not try to help me in the ways i need and verbally express. they’ve all heard me say i’m gonna kill myself. they’ve all heard my struggles. they just choose not to care. i’m gonna do it cause i have no friends or family other than these people and they’re all shit. i also have a brother living here and 3dogs but that’s it and my brother doesn’t care at all and is fucked up by my parents abusive neglectful and enabling (on his part) behavior. he’s 25 and still lives here. we’re dysfunctional af and every time i think of it i wanna kill myself because i’m so unhappy and wanna make so many changes but i try asking them to change and making plans for change and i communicate everything and just nobody listens and they’re okay with being miserable and don’t see the power they have or something. i wanna do so much but i just physically cannot by myself and i need help but no one will help me :( i have nothing and no one to help so i just have to kill my self because i can’t keep living this way it’s absolutely miserable and my physical health is so bad here too due to the big house and nobody caring to help me like i need it. i planned over a year ago for move out and have a nurse aid get my meds delivered to my own place and more but my parents weren’t supportive and made sure it didn’t happen. they are most happy when i’m in my room sick and homebound and doing nothing so they’re in complete control basically. it’s just crazy how bad things are and i wish i could just work a full time job, save up, and get out and get away and wish them the best. but i just cannot physically do this :( i have to kill myself tok because i can’t physically keep going either because my body is so exhausted i can barely do anything anymore i’m in so much pain my parents can’t afford all my meds or doctor appointments for treatments and i wish i could help so bad. they already pay for everything i try to push myself and help with chores and more often though instead of taking care of myself or doing things i need to just cause i wanna show appreciation. i feel so bad our family is so fucked up. i feel if i got out they’d be happier and my older bro would see he could too and would move out and my parents could be better off and happy and living just themselves like they deserve. but nah i just suck and idk i gotta do it