I just need to let it outHey there--this is going to be a really long post, but as the title says, I just need somewhere to vent, because I'm trying to handle this but I really don't think I can.

I'm 15 years old and for as long as I can remember, I've felt depressed and suicidal, along with OCD and bipolar tendencies and severe caloric restriction. My mental state went incredibly downhill during my middle school years where I attempted suicide six times, each obviously ending in failure. I told a couple of friends around that time, but I urged them not to tell anyone and I think they've forgotten by now. It got better throughout my freshman year, where I thought I was "healed" as I was no longer committing self-harm or feeling largely suicidal. 

But then about 2 months ago, I had a near-breakdown. I couldn't handle the stress of sophomore year, I felt so utterly low, and I wanted/needed to kill myself. This breakdown lasted about a month, but I kept up a front by drowning myself in parties and debauchery. I started to feel better starting in November, and thought everything was fine. 

But then I heard the news that a girl in my town (1 year younger) had committed suicide. People didn't know her that well as she went to a private school in another town, but they were offering support to her family and started a foundation in her name. And I was so utterly jealous. I'm a horrible person, I understand, but I felt completely and totally envious. I wish I had succeeded back when I was 11. I wish that was me. But after a while, it felt fine again. 

And then yesterday, I heard the news that my best friend's brother committed suicide. I was sobbing and screaming in the car as I drove to her house. I comforted her and my heart broke to see her cry. I heard the whole story--he had been depressed for the last several months, attempting to commit suicide three times, getting help in a psychiatric hospital followed by residential followed by outpatient therapy. They thought he was getting better, but on Friday he hung himself right outside his psychiatric hospital.

It was absolutely horrible. Yesterday I was so sad and so sorrowful seeing all the shit that happened. But today I was numb. I felt nothing. I don't understand how I could forget that feeling of sadness so quickly. What kind of horrible person am I? I see his friends coming to the house breaking down in tears, and here I am, hugging my friend with dry eyes. 

I don't even know how to feel. People around me are saying "Man, suicide hits closer to home than you think. You have no idea." I just really wish I had killed myself back in 2013. I don't want to deal with this anymore. I thought I had "fixed" myself, I thought I was okay, but now I can't even tell anyone because I'm going to seem like an attention seeker. 

I realize this post is really long. I don't really need comfort I guess, I was just trying to sort my thoughts out. I don't know what's happening and I just really want to die again. Thanks for holding my thoughts. I hope I can look back at this in a month, a year, five years, any time really, and see how stupid I was being. 