No more hopeI just found out today that I’ll need to schedule an appointment with my primary doctor to be recommended to a specialist for a possible rectal prolasping, or hemorrhages or whatever it is. It just isn’t normal and now it’s a big concern. I’m young and already struggling so much like everybody else. I was homeless from 17 until this year (now 22) and I already have to find another place to live before March. I have shitty health insurance that only lasts until the end of the year I think. I already have bad dental issues I’m trying to take care of and my appointment is before my birthday. That’s already gonna cost me so much money, and now with the asshole issues I’m just spiraling. I got a new server job that I don’t even want and haven’t really started yet because I’ve been sick and am getting a Covid test. I don’t think it’s Covid, but you can’t be too safe these days in 2020. I’m so tired of struggling. I’ve had to sacrifice my mental health for other more important priorities like making sure I can eat once a day is my eating disorder will allow me. I’m pretty sure my nana doesn’t have much time left either and know that’ll be coming soon enough. I don’t have any family besides my mom and her. My mom has her own sad story snd can’t even help me besides emotional support, and I feel so damn guilty over that already. What’s the point in anything anymore? Any light that has been in my life felt as if its all been ripped away from me. I feel another attempt again, and it’s been 4 years since I’ve failed last time. I know I’d rather go through with succeeding to kill myself than to ever go back to any psych ward. I’ve wanted to attempt to kill myself the entire 3 weeks I was in there and quickly go out due to faking being better. Everything costs so much money that only less than 5% of people have and there’s nothing that would make anything better. I’m sorry that it might seem selfish only thinking about myself. I just can’t fight this anymore. There’s no hope left. There hasn’t been for a long time.