I'm still here. Daily suicidal thoughts for over a year. Staying feels like the right thing to do. Going often seems like the rational thing to do.It feels weird to be here. Not sure why I am, really. My troubles are 100% financial, but my financial troubles are the result of who I am as a person. To me, there is nothing worse than a "job". Shifts, supervisors, co-workers, not being in full control of where I go and when I go there, performance reviews, doing work I am not passionate about or I can't be proud of, and worst of all, being away from my wife and daughter all day. This is my idea of hell. I know it's ridiculous. The thing I fear most is the thing most people are grateful to have. I am not a lazy person, I have worked myself nearly to death trying to make a career in music work out but I failed to achieve even what I thought was my lowest possible level of success (which would have been full-time local radio jingle writer, my top level goal was Film Composer, Producer, and or songwriter). I have failed at everything I've ever tried. I'm stating that not as a "poor me" statement, but as a fact. I have hated every job I've ever had and I have either been fired or quit just before being fired from every job I've ever had. For a year I've been studying coding, but while it somewhat makes sense in theory to me, I don't understand the application at all. I've been studying Web Development which I understand a bit better, but I can't imagine I could ever compete in that field. Graphic design is fairly appealing but, once again, I don't know how I could ever compete, get a job, or keep a job. I am stuck in a hyper-conservative city I hate, in a country that's being consumed by hate, led by a president who is the embodiment of hate. In my life I've been good at 3 things: Creative "stuff" (Music, Photography, Acting...all the stuff you would use to denote a lazy dreamer if you were a cliche screenwriter), being a good husband, and being a good father, but all three of those have suffered as financial burdens have consumed me, and now, every day for a year now I have had to actively convince myself that the scars my suicide would leave would be more damaging to my wife and daughter than living with a depressed failed musician who can't keep a job. I have seen a therapist, it was nice to talk but didn't really change anything. I can't stand the way the medications affect me, especially when I know I am not suffering from clinical depression, I am suffering depression which spawns from an accurate assessment of my personal value, and a realistic idea of what my future holds.  I love my wife and daughter.  They alone prove I'm actually the luckiest person alive, but I can't help but feel how unfortunate they are to have me a man of the house who cannot provide for them. I stay for them, but I don't know what I can do for them. Somedays I survive entirely on unrealistic hope. I tell myself "Somethings going to change, you're gonna find a cool, creative, laid back job with nice people, maybe even one where you're working for a cause you believe in, a job that pays good money--live in a good school district and eventually buy a house someday money-- in a great, safe, friendly, progressive community, maybe on one of the coasts, or in Europe somewhere." but I know that that is basically no one's reality anymore. The reality is I feel like there is no escape from a life in which the only joy I ever feel will be squeezed in between the end of my shift and my kid's bedtime, and will always be overshadowed by the knowledge that my shortcomings as a provider are negatively impacting her future as well.