Girlfriend close to suicide, please helpI've been with my girlfriend for close to three years, and I knew she had been facing depression ever since I met her.  She used to cut herself a lot, and very badly.  She's gotten a lot better with that though, but I think she stopped for me, not because she didn't want to.  Recently she's been cutting herself a lot again.  We were friends throughout high school, and we are in our second year of community college together now.  Things have been bad for awhile now, and it's been very hard on me as well.

I don't even feel like she's on my side anymore, she's not very happy with me, but I'm all she's got.  When she's happy, things are fantastic, but when she's not, it's really stressful and is a huge burden on me.  I do my best to try to take care of her but I just don't think it's good enough.  Her family isn't there for her (her mom kicked her out and she returned to her Dad's who kicked her out when she was like 13), the only friends we were close to got distant from us.  She doesn't really have anybody but me.  She loves me but she's not happy with me and there's no one else.  I love her too but it's so hard on me.

We've tried almost everything; she's been on almost every kind of antidepressant to no avail, she says she just feels nothing instead of feeling better when she's on them which is worse than having good and bad times.  It also kills her sex drive which is one of the only times she feels really loved.  She's tried therapy which didn't help her at all, she already knows what they're going for to try to help and it's just not helpful.

It's been getting really bad as of recently she's told me she has a rope hidden for when she's ready, she keeps telling me she's leaving soon, and that it's just not worth being here anymore.  I tell her that I'm here and that I love her and that I'll take care of her but she says it's not worth it.  

I feel like I can't tell anybody either.  If I did she would never forgive me or they would send her away or something.  I feel like she would just want to do it even more if that happened and her family would never look at her the same.  It's a huge burden on me and I really don't know what to do.  All help is appreciated, let me know if you need any more info..