I'm so fucking lonely that I want to die.Sorry for the huge wall of text but I needed to get this off my chest.

I'm 17, almost 18, and I have severe Social Anxiety Disorder, Depression, and Body Dysmorphia. For the past ~2 years I've been going to various residential treatment centers (my family's fairly wealthy so they can afford them (sorry if that seems pretentious, just want you to understand my situation better)). Right now I don't really have a social life. I have a bunch of friends that I made at treatment centers but they all live across the country. For most of my life I barely talked to girls at all because I was so anxious. At a therapeutic boarding school I went too about a year ago there was a stupid dance between my all-boys school and another therapeutic school that's all-girls. I was so horribly anxious that I stood alone or with some close friends for almost the entire dance. 

Then, a very attractive girl walked up to me and asked me to dance. I was so surprised and anxious that I initially said no, but then a friend made me go up to her again and ask her to dance. So we danced, and talked, and it was amazing. It was probably the best experience of my life, I couldn't believe it was actually happening. After the song finished she wanted to talk to me more but I couldn't tolerate more anxiety so I said no. At the end of the dance she even went up to me and said goodbye.

I realized, what the fuck, this is what I've been missing out on my entire life. Before I had thought that I was disgusting and hopeless and that I'd always be single but this had brought to my mind that possibility that I wouldn't be. Then I saw pictures of myself at the dance and It absolutely destroyed me. I thought, holy shit I'm ugly. I thought, how could that girl possible have wanted to dance with me. So that was kind of when my Body Dysmorphia ramped into full gear.

Anyway fast-foward to present, I'm back home and I'm going to an outpatient treatment center and I have no social life. I just so desperately want to feel a connection with some girl like I did at that dance, or just even to have actual in-person friends. I can't live like this any longer. But I'm also too scared to kill my self and I don't have access to carbon monoxide or a gun anyway. I don't think anyone understands just how bad I've gotten.

I'm good at talking to girls now and people seem to like me a lot but other than that I haven't improved with my treatment really at all despite being in fancy treatment centers for over 2 years. I'm 5'5'' and super skinny with an average to below average face. I got really into the gym for about a year and got in sort of decent shape but I stopped going regularly because of the anxiety and depression.