i failed again. and now im in deep shit.last week tuesday i took around 50 antidepressants out of the 80 i had been secretly stockpiling (my mom doesn't let me access my own medication because i have a past of overdosing, but i knew where she hid it anyway) over the past few months. this was an intended suicide, and a few hours prior to taking these i had taken my usual cocktail of meds i use for sleep thinking i could just drift to sleep and never wake up.

frustratingly i laid in bed for hours and waited for either death or sleep to come, but there was nothing. given the amount i had taken i assumed i would either go unconcious fairly quickly or be incapacitated by a seizure. so i decided to take another 10 and hope for the best. unfortunately this ended up causing me to throw up — which was awful because the medication burned the back of my throat and tasted so bad — so i don't know how much i ended up actually absorbing.

that night i took the rest of my stockpiled antidepressants, which was only about 15-20, with my sleep medication and about 10 claritin gel capsules just for funsies. i didn't throw up this time and expected to experience a somewhat life threatening reaction. again, nothing happened and i barely slept.

finally, early on wednesday morning, i was so fed up and determined to die i went to where my mom hides my all of my medication (sleeping pills, antidepressants, anti-anxiety meds) and took every last pill. it was 6 10mg belsomra, 26 60mg antidepressants, and 20 15mg hydroxyzine pamoate pills. i also took 12 benadryl and 10 more claritin gel capsules on top of that. i wanted to die so bad i was willing to risk it all. but as you can see, i am unfortunately STILL LIVING, and risk it all i sure did.

i don't fucking know how im alive. especially given the fact that i had consumed over 100 pills in less than 48 hours. my liver heart and kidneys have to be made of titanium because there's no fucking way any normal human being would survive that. and before anyone asks, i didn't throw up any of that medicine. i didn't even feel anything until about 6 hours later and it was only mild drowsiness and some tremors.

my mom found out i had taken all of my pills rather quickly after she came home from work. maybe 15 minutes max. must be that motherly instinct. i told her it was far too late to get my stomach pumped and that i honestly felt ok. she didn't believe me at all (i was telling the truth) but as i'm 19 she can no longer force me to go to the hospital without calling the police. i may have been more open to it but past traumatic experiences from my stays in the psychward as a minor have kept me from hospitals and therapy in general for 4 years.

so i'm out of stock, my mom has my meds sealed in a safe now, and i'm never going to die the nice painless, peaceful death i wanted so desperately unless i go out and buy a gun to blow my brains out with :) yay me!