I simply cannot restartHello complete fucking strangers. I usually am on the other end of these things begging strangers to change theit habits meditate, read some books, stop thinking negatively, pick up an instrument, exercise, ect ect... Today is different though, I have found a problem for which there is no contingency. 

I have been depressed for years, since I was 10 years old. I was a isolated angry child. In high school I was an akward pariah with a bad reputation. Through out most of my childhood I have been bullied or been involved in horrible one sided relationships. Toward the end of junior year things started to turn around for me. I was making real friendships, and I had a social life.

About a year ago my most recent bought of anxiety and depression started. My main group of friends blew up when an argument between me and a friend horribly escalated. Nobody really talks anymore and it made me look pretty terrible to say the least. Soon after that I noticed one of my oldest friends was sociopathic. He lied to me on multiple occasions, wether it be telling me the girl I was talking to was a lesbian or when he snitched another friend out ruining his life to keep himself out of trouble. When I confided in him he would use it as ammunition in later arguments. "This is why everyone hates you", he knew how paranoid I was about that type of shit. One day he was on Xanax driving stuffing his face with McDonald's. I pleaded with him to pay attention but they were met with insults. He almost wreaked, and after that I kicked him out of my life. He than told everyone I was unstable, and since I stayed bitter while he cleaned up his act. He stopped pissing everyone off and dug in his heels while I tried to convince a few other something was wrong. "That's just how he is, he's just a dick sometimes", needless to say I lost to his manipulation. I can see on Instagram and snapchat how much fun they have without me. I don't really have my friends from high school between these two incidents my reputation has been severely damaged. Now at work I am getting a reputation for being a weirdo. It's getting harder and harder to communicate with others, and I can hear the part-timers in particular openly talking shit. 

My brother and I were discussing how bad things have gotten. He tells me my only option is to restart find completely new friends and a new job. It's that or be ignored by everyone who I thought was my friend and be stuck in a workplace that's beginning to feel a lot like high school. At 21 years old after watching everything blow up in my face I just don't think I can do it