I really can't do this anymore. I've never felt so alone...I was going to wait until the right moment, until my family were in a place that losing me wouldn't be as hard on them as it will be now but I really don't think I'm able to. This past year has just been too much, and it just doesn't stop. It never fucking stops.

It's been in the back of my head for around 8 years now that I'd wait until my parents passed before I decided to do anything, I already was never able to make them proud, didn't need give them a dead son also.
Last year both of them passed, my mum a year ago tomorrow and my dad just before Christmas. Coupled with the fact that my 5 year relationship ended when my ex told me she no longer loved me, around the time of my mum.
I sold off practically everything I owned just so I could move country to be with her because why not? I was convinced that was finally my chance to be happy, for my family to know I was doing well. It's the only place I ever truly felt at home. Admittedly there was a fair few bad moments but it was the happiest I've ever been.
I procrastinated for a few months with moving back to my home country, she was sympathetic about the situation with my mum and we were/are on friendly terms. I convinced myself it was the right thing to do since I could help her through the summer (she has MS), whilst hoping she'd somehow feel something for me again.
After exhausting what little money I had left I finally had to go "home". My dad picked me up that night and we talked a little on the drive back, several hours later I was in the hospital with a doctor sitting across from me explaining how they "did everything they could". I've still not properly grieved either death tbh, I just can't. Struggled to get through December so by the end of it I headed back home (to my ex) for a bit, I still had to ship over my PC anyway.
I'm finally back in my home country for good, living in my parents house with my two younger siblings, struggling to cope with the situation. I didn't even get to have a proper goodbye with my ex because we were too fucking stupid to accept what was happening. I didn't even get to cuddle my cat one last time. It's killing me that that's the way it had to end.

It's all just taken too much of a toll on me. After trying so many different meds and nothing working, just bottling everything up inside and trying to cut myself emotionally, it's just not going to "work anymore". I don't have it in me to fight for anything when I've got absolutely nothing, no reason to keep myself going.
I did try to convince myself to stick around until my Gran had finally passed and I knew I had the money to pay for anything once I'm gone so my family didn't have to worry but I'm not sure it's gonna happen. I feel like such a selfish piece of shit for it because I know they definitely can't afford paying off yet another funeral so fucking soon after the others. Maybe I'll just make sure they can't find me.

I'm really sorry for the wall of text and the rambling. I know I've got no reason to complain as so many have it worse off but I just had to get something out there. I get that a lot of it must be kinda vague and shit, I'm exhausted from crying and haven't really thought this through much. I'm just gonna end the post here, sorry.