need advice on friend's attempt(drug use, self harm, psych patient)PART 1) a story: 

a friend, not a close friend as I have few close friends, but a friend nonetheless. someone I've known for 6 years casually, having been absent from the area for a few years until a few months ago without staying in touch -  we met through an old close friend she used to date and we partied together often. we never talked too much, I never talked to anyone much back then anyway... but plenty of hugs and intoxicated shennanigans etc, and we shared many friends.

jump to the recent history of this tale and many of my old friends don't really "party" anymore and instead are either using or trying to get off harder drugs (mainly meth and heroin). I - always having been a bit of a black sheep with an extensive history of extremely heavy substance use, and having many, many, very different social circles, have many other old friends from hard times who are part of the underworld - I became a bit of a go-to for friends who needed help with things - that's ok, at least I can make sure the people I care about aren't being poisoned, ripped off, in danger, or using more than is reasonable... right? 

I would make it a point to never introduce friends to something they didn't already use, never to profit off them, or introduce them to someone that would. that's just the world I live in and I have my moral standards just like anyone else.. yeah, it's a sad situation, but I don't judge and I want someone looking out for my friends. just to clarify I do not deal.

&amp;#x200B;

PART 2) an incident:

a friend, a diagnosed psych patient (prescribed heavy benzos, which can impair judgement) and an occasional but impulsive opiate user amongst other things (their use is reasonable enough imo (opiates do help people through tough times after all - myself included)), and no stranger to depression, self harm (cutting), and suicidal thoughts. 

I cannot tell if much of this behavior is attention-seeking due to the general context of how I know all these things, they make the information more than easily available to say the least (I'm not trying to say it isn't severe or bad, regardless of the reasoning behind the behaviour).

anyway they are contacting me more than I would typically expect, asking me to assist them and talking about how much they need it and how depressed and suicidal they are and how its they only thing that makes them feel okay. I know for a fact that they aren't dependent on it, but less-than-coherent messages and calls are nothing out of the ordinary for them, the whole theme of the conversation is a common one for this person - I always listen, offer advice and let them know they can talk to me because I do care about them and encourage healthier alternatives (as well as actual healthy alternatives), and I do also stay in touch with mutual friends and their partner and cut them off if things are not heading in a good direction. then out of nowhere I, and I alone (unbeknownst to me) receive an image of a couple large clean cuts on her inner forearm and a bathtub with bloody water in the background. I didn't initially even notice the water and just thought the cuts weren't really bleeding until further examination because it was making me sick to look at the wounds, and I didn't examine it until they started saying sketchy things like they love me and didn't need medical attention etc at which point I contacted their partner and they went to their home and updated me to the extent of the actual situation.

&amp;#x200B;

PART 3) the actual point:

I feel sick. 

I feel retarded, it had taken at least 30 minutes before I realized it may be serious and contacted the partner. 

I feel confused, why I was the only one who knew, the only one who they showed/told?

thankfully the partner called an ambulance and arrived in time and they are still alive and now hospitalized... but why me?

I feel like I failed them. I don't know what to do now? is there a reason I am even involved? I didn't think we were very close... I'm just the weird friend with bad connections

what am I supposed to do now? what am I supposed to do when they get out? is it even my business?

I initially thought it was just attention-seeking behaviour and thought I shouldn't acknowledge it, but that almost killed them... they knew they could ask for help so I don't get why it would be a "cry for help"...

do normal people consider using opiates as some form of a "cry for help" and I'm just jaded to all that?

how can I help this person? clearly being a hard-ass was a bad idea... I almost had the last worlds they read me being a total asshole...

I am no stranger to suicide, self harm, drug use and self destructive behaviour, but can someone please help me understand what the fuck just happened and what I missed?

(that was the whole point of the story anyway, I will likely delete this when it's purpose is fulfilled, I don't feel right sharing all this but I just have so any questions...)