I want to be freeMaybe a long post maybe not idk also this is my alt because people who I know irl know my main.


A long, long time ago I had always wondered why people commited the act of suicide. At the age of 8-10ish a continuous stream of child sexual abuse towards me from the man upstairs (Im male) shut down whatever emotions I had, or at least felt like it. 

Ive made friends, gotten romantically evolved, and plenty of other things, but nothing truly made me feel alive. 

Then I entered college, and damn man did I make some bad mistakes. 

I loved my time in college, but I only went to classes I was interested in, and was too depressed go to any class I didnt care about. For the entire first year I had like a 1.4 gpa average. Garbage compared to me 3.4 from highschool. I got appealed due to my situation, and I put so much more effort into college, but I list tuition coverage because gpa. But my gpa rose to 2.5 for the semester, things were going well. 

But unfortunately I couldnt get any money, and my academic success rate or whatever even after succeeding in all my classes was a 66.67 when it needed to be a 67%. This entire situation by a mere .3. Kind of funny in a morbid way, I had shit I could sell for the money, but the damage was done. I moved in with my girlfriend, and this is where I am now.

I have been here for 6 months, and today was my birthday. I cant get a job here, because I dont have a car and every where thats hiring id at least an hour walk, my gf quit her job recently and her grandpa expects me to do hay for free. I know im not explaining it very well, but im not in much of a mental state to care about how well I explain things. 


Long story short; developed severe depression and forgot to mention it but depersonalization disorder fron being molested as a child, got better in college but still got kicked out because I miscalculated my academic success rate and am now living on a farm with my girlfriend, who won't let me leave her because she has 2 dogs and 5 cats that need to be taken care of and her grandpa wants me to do hay for him for free, and all of this is pushing me to the edge of my will to live. 


I expected this to go differently text wise but im sk tired I cant care enough to explain every thing but its bad