Need to take this outYesterday night I was crying my heart out and felt like I definitely should kill myself because 1) I am too traumatized and have no chance of healing myself (even if there is a chance it would just be taking too much work) 2) why work so much towards healing when life seems completely pointless, I feel like life is filled with so much shit and all of the things like religion and positive thoughts and some philosophies that seem to have a motivating power to live are only there to distract us from how life actually is, to find some meaning in all of the negativity (when actually there is none). I am so mad at myself because I was always so 'spiritual' and would tell myself and others how life is beautiful and everything is beautiful and would get mad at others for fucking up the world with their negativity but now I just want to punch myself because of spreading this illusion. I feel like I had these 'life is beautiful' thoughts because once again I just wanted to distract myself from how life actually is - so far away from beautiful. AT LEAST FOR ME, AT THIS MOMENT. Now some thoughts in me are crippling from the 'spiritual' me, blaming me for writing such a negative post and contributing to the negativity of life and saying 'yeah how can life be beautiful for someone who lets himself to think this way, life is what you make it to be' and I kind of agree but again it feels fake to just now put these thoughts in the bottle and bury it deep in my subconscious. I used to think that life is worth living because of all this spiritual shit and some 'intrinsic' meaning that we should all try to get in line with by healing our traumas but now I see that life is pretty much meaningless and yes when it's meaningless you just do whatever you want it's fun but when I feel too traumatized and the feelings I have in me, I can't cope with them, I don't see myself being able to have fun with the way I feel. Can someone please share their philosophies and help me to get back on track? I know I want to be able to lead a happy life but now it's just too overwhelming for me and I believe that is why I turned to such a negative view of life because past few weeks nothing seemed to be in line with my 'spiritual' way of thinking. Maybe I need to forget this spiritual thing and put myself into a more pragmatic way of seeing the world. Because I also believe that I chose spirituality as a means for escaping the feelings caused by my traumas.