I want everything to stopI don't know where to begin, but I want it to end. How old am I? I'm only 15. And no, I'm not one of those emo drama queens, I just can't go on anymore.

I've got no talents, and I have no friends. I mean it, zero friends. People barely talk to me, and when I try talking, I only get ignored. My crush avoids me, I'm lazy, I've got zero perks, I don't do so good at school, and I do worse at home.

The very few things I'm into are novels, games, and programming. My parents are alright, but they never really understood what I needed I guess. They always got me one encyclopedia or a similar educational book for birthdays, and I'm not interested at all. And coming to games and programming, the only computer I have is this PC that I'm using to write this. I've been keeping this PC dearly, but it just doesn't do the trick. It's 10 years old, and it can barely run any games. My family isn't poor or anything, we just conserve money; were from the upper middle class. If I ask them for a new PC, they say that my current one is good enough for homework, so this is what I have to use. And coming to programming, I barely have enough time. I have to prepare myself to fail tests, which my school rubs into my face. I ask for a novel or games for birthdays, and my parents respond "You don't have to waste money on those, just go outside and play." And that can never happen. The few games I own are ones that I bought with a few dollars off freelancing or are gifted by internet friends. The only physical thing im good at is swimming, and I'm nowhere close to a pool. 

And my life consists of waking up, going to school, coming home, studying, sleeping. nothing more. This is every day. If I ask my parents for a dog or a cat or atleast a hamster, they tell me how it's wrong for a free animal to be trapped with humans between four walls. And my parents never take me to vacations or malls or movies or just about anywhere. My life is just sitting at home and envying all my  school mates, and their better lives. I have nothing, I know nothing, I do nothing. Everything is just blurry and buzzing around me. I've been like this for atleast 4 years now, and I don't feel comfortable taking this to my parents, or anyone that I know. I've been looking at the future for something better, but I just can't keep waiting for a day that never arrives.

Time flies by, I'm sick and tired of surviving nothingness every day. Please make it stop.