in agony.this is gonna be really unorganized, i apologize. 


I’ve been drowning in agonizing pain ever since I can remember. I’ve always tried to hold on and look ahead and it’s never been worth it. How can I trust that it will get better?? 

I hate every single part of myself with every ounce of my being. It feels like everything about myself isn’t right. Like this body or life wasn’t meant for me. like the person I am now isn’t supposed to me be. It isn’t me. I’m trapped in a body and in a life that isn’t mine. It hurts so bad. I hate my height so much. I constantly stress over it. I wish I was short like 5’0 tall. I can’t stand up without wanting to cry or hurt myself. I have this desire to feel protected and small because It makes me feel safe. Something I don’t have much experience feeling. 

I hate my face, my body, my personality.. etc.. 
Every time I’m around people I analyze everything I did wrong and I feel Shit. So I just don’t anymore. And even when I did it was a one in a while kind of thing. 
(Sorry is that doesn’t make much sense) 

Every night I’ve been praying to god that I don’t have to wake up the next day. That by some miracle I wouldn’t have to exist in this world anymore. 
I hate the way the sun shines through my window in the morning. I hate the beating of my chest. I hate the little things that remind me that I’m alive. That I’m me. 

I have tried committing die once before and I didn’t do it right, Which is why I’m still here unfortunately. I would try again and I want to but it’s so much work. And what do I do if it doesn’t work again? Go through so much more shit that I don’t even want to think about. Medicine, hospitalization, treatment centers, more therapy, more medicine. I’ve tried 14 medications over the past year and a half/2 years and none of them have worked. 
I just wish I never existed. That I never had the chance to be alive so that I didn’t have to experience the pain of being me. 

I told my mom that I hate her for having me. For making me exist. I feel bad but it’s true. I’m so mad at her and my father. Being alive is incredibly demanding and exhausting. 
Every single morning I wake up I want to cry because it’s another reminder that I have to continue on as me. And I hate being me. I hate it so fucking much. My life is excruciatingly grueling. Every day is a nightmare. It’s been like this since childhood. Ever since I can remember. 

I’ve cut myself off from everyone except for my parents, my sister, and my therapist. I have no contact with anyone else. I figure it’s best so that people don’t have to deal with me anymore. I just want to disappear. I don’t know what to do anymore. I don’t want to do anything anymore. life is so exhausting. 

I wish I knew why I exist. 
I wish I had an answer for why I’m in so much pain.