I was at such a low, I was actually going to go through with it.To anyone who it may concern,

I think that the time has come to end this wretched existence. If I had done this a lot sooner, I would have saved a lot of people a lot of pain and trouble. But trouble is all I can seem to cause people. Trouble, pain and inconvenience. I have never been anything short of a waste of space; something to be laughed at, abused and scorned. I’ve heard that people love me and I would like to know who the hell these people are. From what I’ve seen, love is just a word casually thrown around for the simple sake of boredom or entertainment. There is no love in this world. Just lust and fleeting urges. Like the ones that ‘make’ people do horrible things to children. 

The day I realized it all, I was contemplating where I wanted to go with my life. By my family’s standards, I’ve accomplished the greatest of feats; I’m not pregnant, nor do I have kids or have I had sex. I graduated high school and was going to college. Of course that ended abruptly as most good things do and now I’m left without a passion for art, nor any care about anything else. I don’t care about anything anymore. Before I could think of everything I wanted to do in my life like as in traveling, falling in love, getting married, living off my art or even just owning a small café. But now, it doesn’t matter. I’m too broken to ever be good enough for someone. And since I’m not a loose whore, I will never be with anyone. And I guess not ever now anyway…

If anyone is even reading this at all, I just want you to know I’m sorry you found me like this. I’m sorry you even had to scrape any part of me off of whatever or had to put up with me at all. I just wish that I had never been an accident in the first place and that I never wasted anyone’s time. I wish my siblings had never known I existed. I wish my parents didn’t have a failure such as I as offspring. I wish my parents all the best and that they can find someone to replace me as a better child. I wish my two best friends hadn’t had to put up with my antics. I wish that I hadn’t made them pay attention to me when I knew they were better off not bothering with me. I wish that I had died the day I fell down the flight of stairs or when I was little. I wish I never hurt anyone by knowing me. I wish I had drowned that day I fell into the ocean.

I’m sorry [female friend] for being so depressed all the time and making you listen to me when you had to study. I’m sorry that I was always so inconsiderate of what you had to do. I’ve always thought of you as the big sister I always wanted.

I’m sorry [male friend] for being so embarrassing to be around. I know you resent me for not being what I was supposed to be. I’m sorry that I’m always taking up the time you could be using to be around people who are more important. Thanks for being my big brother.

I’m sorry everyone else I didn’t name. I’m sorry I’m so forgetful that I can’t even remember people who wasted their time on trying to help me. I never had a chance to go anywhere in this world I was given and I’m so, so sorry you were forced to help me along the way. I appreciated it so much.

To [both friends]: You two get 25% each of what I owned if you want it. Money included. My mother gets 50% for funeral expense. And as an added bonus, you can burn all of my art. It was crap and I don’t know why I pursued it.

I don’t know what comes next. But whatever it is, I deserved it. Be happy with that.