I go to bed knowing that I'll have to wake up tomorrow, and it scares the shit out of me.I'm contemplating suicide.
I have never been as alone as I am right now.  I have no one else to talk to.

The girl I love decided to date my bestfriend.  I've known each an equally long-amount of time.  About 7 years. She's going through a divorce, and I've been there since even before she got married.  Matter of factly, I was in that god damn wedding.  I helped her through all that shit, from her and her husbands first fights while still in a relationship to the death-throws of their marriage dissolving.  I've been as good a friend as anyone ever could.  Friendzone.  All that shit, blahblahblah.  I did not like her this far back.  I was involved in other people.  Wanting more than just her company came about a year ago.

I wasn't going to act on it during her divorce because that would have been grody, and I never would have imagined she would be able to cheat on her husband like she is doing now.  She's going through a divorce, sure, but still was hooking up with my best friend while he lived in the home.

My best friend knew too that I liked her.  Totally shit all over my cereal with that one.  That guy even kicked my teeth in while we were drunk, and I have my front teeth chipped still.  I can't handle the rage I feel over it.  It feels like vibrating and I just want to kill every nice thing in the world.

She was very curious as to why I decided to stop being friends with the guy she's dating.  I gave her my reasoning, and never did once lie to her.  I told her the truth, just not all of it.  I had assumed she'd of dropped me by now, because of how I was behaving toward my friend whom she is dating.  I figured she would have just left me alone in exchange for her relationship with him.  But she did not.  In fact she grew more affectionate, and I grew more and more confused.

I figured there was two paths from my actions of discontinuing being friends with whom she is currently dating and remained her friend; and they were that A) She would leave me alone, because I knew that I would never be able to do it on my own free will, and I wanted so much for her to leave me alone.  Or B) I would have to tell her the whole truth and that I really really like her.

And so it came down to B.  I had visited Florida the week before and sent her all sorts of pictures and spoke with her a lot while I was down there.  Several hours a day.  When I returned to my homeland, I knew things were going to happen.  Sure enough, she wanted the real answer.  She felt like she was to blame for my and my bestfriend's discontinuation, and I did not want her to feel that way.  So I told her that I was jealous.  I told her I was jealous because I like her.  I wasn't going to do anything or act on it or even bring it up until she had her shit squared with her divorce, but I had never got that chance because she hooked up with my best friend before any of that happened. That I was bitter.  I want to be mad at her.  I know a lot of it really is her fault, but never would have been if it weren't for my feelings.  

When I told her, we sat in the room in complete silence and she started to cry, and quietly reassured herself that she liked my friend.  Three hours.  Eventually we got to a concluding phrase and I took my exit.  We hug when we part ways for the night, but she hugged me and wouldn't let go of me.  We stood holding each other in her living room for as long as I could keep my breathing controlled.  I had to pry her off of me.  When we pulled away, she had her face turned very far away, presumably to keep me from kissing her, or to keep her from kissing me.  

It's been a week.  We still talk every day.  She said she didn't really know how to respond to me, and I told her that it wasn't anything that needed to be rushed.

I feel so alone that my love was not accepted by someone whom I tried my hardest to keep safe, to protect, to feel important, for so many years.  Love has never been too kind to me.  Each and every one of my long-term girlfriends were cheating, crazy bitches.  I feel not worthwhile, not worth my salt, when I try so hard to make people feel good.  To make things better.  To sacrifice myself for others.

I know that I won't be able to continue this, deep down.  I can't take care of her knowing I'm taking care of her for my friend's benefit.  It's selfish, and I have a hard time accepting that.  I want to invest my love in someone that will offer a return, but it's been so hard finding that.  It's been so hard that it feels like it's not them, and that it's me that's fucking up so badly.  Not just lady-friends either, but friends in general.  I get along with co-workers and colleges wonderfully well, but it's all shallow.

I just I don't know really what's up.  It isn't just this issue, either.  This is just a catalyst.  The shoestring that broke with no time left.  And I'm just so tired of trying.
I've been drinking an awful lot.  Usually drunk by noon.  I'll chew Vicodin and wash it down with whiskey only to smoke pot later and pass out and sleep for 15 hours when I don't have things like school work to do.

I'm actually a fairly nice looking guy, and I'm being humble.  I work out, wear nice fitting, matching clothes.  Am mildly intelligent, and I have, in my opinion, a great sense of humor.  I'm going to school for engineering.  I have great marks.  I play piano.  I'm unemployed right now but have worked at some impressive places and I have a very broad skillset.  I'm pleasant to be around when I am around folks.  Smiling, laughing, supportive.  

All I want to do in my life is share it.  Folks don't want what I have to share, and I take so much pride in what I share.  It feels that being a nice person is the wrong thing to do, and it's conflicting something awful.