PainI’ve been laying in bed for about an hour now. He’s (boyfriend) out, so I don’t have anybody I could speak to. I forced myself to do some housework so that I could at least do something productive this week. I’ve had a fairly good day, but I can’t seem to focus on anything else except this never ending pain that we call living. I’m pretty young, but I live alone with my brother during the weekdays. He’s a very arrogant person, very self-centered, so I don’t mind being quiet all week whilst our parents are away, since I know he doesn’t actually care at all. Every weekend I have to put on a smile for my parents so that they wouldn’t be worried or they wouldn’t yell at me for not speaking. Every Sunday I have to wake up feeling exhausted because of the whole “play pretend” thing. They know I’m depressed. They know I’m suicidal and anxious all the time, but they never cared enough to look into it more except for when I told them and my mom comforted me. Now, they aren’t bad parents, I’m just never a first priority. I might not agree with the way they treat me and how they see parenting, but they aren’t bad parents. I know they are supportive, but they’re also very stressed and angry all the time and probably about 95% of all that stress and anger goes onto me. I have to take it all, since I’m the quiet one. Since I’m too scared to voice my opinion in front of my parents, because I would get yelled at. They see me as a very disrespectful child, just because of the fact that in my eyes they do not create a welcoming enough environment, in which I would be comfortable to speak about anything in. I guess they never cared enough, or they just don’t understand what’s wrong with me, so I have to fake being happy for their own sake. And it hurts and exhausts me. I have to go on a trip with them and my brother the upcoming week and I’m not sure how I’m going to get through that. 
It has been almost four months. Four months since this awful year started. I started it off by having a mental breakdown, but I had to close it in myself, because I didn’t want to have an anxiety attack in front of my parents, once again. I’ve been crying more than I’ve been doing anything else for the past two weeks. Right now I physically don’t have tears left to cry. I want to lay in bed and bawl my eyes out, but I can’t. Everything in my head just tells me I won’t make it through, and I’m starting to believe it. The voices are becoming more and more convincing. This world is filled with stupid people and I’m one of them. I was never good enough for my parents. I was never good enough for any of my friends, and thats why they all left. He seemed like a shining light in my life and I trusted it. I trusted it so much that I started convincing myself that forever exists. It doesn’t. Why do I keep forcing myself to believe in things I’ve been telling myself I don’t believe in? Why do I keep trying over and over again to hurt myself? Why do I let people hurt me so much? Worst part of all of this is that I cannot talk to absolutely anyone about my biggest problem and it sucks. Even if I went to therapy it wouldn’t help. No one would be able to fill the hole in my soul that he’s going to leave behind. It just isn’t worth trying when it’s over. I’ll be left alone and I will destroy myself. And he’s going to blame it on himself when I’m done. If he ever finds out that is. I’m a lost soul looking for the right way, but there is no right way is there? If there was, then I’m probably very far away. I won’t be able to reach it and I might be gone soon. It’s scary.