First suicidal thought in seven monthsHello! Last year I suffered a concussion that gave me some awful symptoms including brain fog, memory loss, decline in social skills, extremely uncomfortable feelings in the back of my head and more. It was too much to cope with, especially after 4 months of going to doctors and not getting any diagnosis. I decided killing myself was the only way to escape my seemingly eternal condition. I set a date in May and started planning. Around February, I started feeling a little less bad and the doctors also prescribed me some medicine and exercises to get me on the right track, so I stopped feeling suicidal.

At some point during the first four months when I was still trying to figure out what exactly was wrong with me, I visited an ENT and he prescribed me nose spray (which ended up having nothing to do with the problem) I started noticing some weird feelings in my nose and ear after taking it for a couple weeks so I stopped. The nose feeling never really went away though. Fast forward about 6 months, and I was almost fully healed from the concussion symptoms. All of the sudden, the nose symptom got a lot worse. My entire left nostril felt like the contents had been sucked out of it with a vacuum and now the flow of air is way too strong. All of the air flowing in makes both my throat dry and soar all the time, and creates this irritating scrapey feeling above my left ear. On top of that, it seems like some of the brain fog symptoms I was describing earlier have returned along with this thing and I feel like my entire head is a mess again.

I'm currently visiting some doctors to see if they can provide any insight, but dealing with it for a month and only seeing it get worse is really demoralizing. I feel depressed and anxious constantly and kinda feel like I wanna die again. Idk how long I'm gonna be able to hold on this time if my body keeps bombarding me with all of these symptoms.

Just really needed to vent somewhere, thanks for reading