what’s the reason for telling someone you’re suicidal? should I tell my friend?my friend is my ex who’s basically still my boyfriend (i don’t want the label). and the only person who’s been in my life like the last 3 years, even though I’ve only know him for over a year. I was alone the rest of the time. I only have 3 family members besides him, who i’d never tell. 

so anyways, I’ve come on here suggesting to people to tell someone close to them when they’re feeling suicidal. and idk why I even say that. I’ve never once told anyone anything I struggle with . I don’t wanna show weakness, I don’t want anyone worrying about me, I don’t want any extra attention for some negative shit, I feel it’d just make me uncomfortable. 

I also don’t want to tell anyone because i feel they’d just try to stop me. if no one knows I’m suicidal then i can really do it in peace. 

but I was thinking of telling my ‘boyfriend’. mostly because he’s been catching on there stuff wrong with me health wise because my physical health has gotten worse and I can’t really hide it anymore. and he’s found doctors cards in my room and seen all my medications. and I guess I’ve said some things recently that’s worried him and he’s just said he can’t ignore that shit anymore and wants me to tell him everything that’s going on with me. 

specifically, with telling him I’m planning to kill myself, i worry he’ll try to tell my parents or something. and that will make me more likely to kill myself instantly, as fast as I can. I also don’t even know what I’d say. I need to apologize because I flipped out on him kinda yesterday and told him i was done with him basically and then I took a bunch of pills and passed out. I only flipped out because i was irritated with him and then i was suicidal af because of something that happened. and i was really ready to kill myself then. but I just took the pills instead. so i thought i could tell him and just say that’s why I’ve been like different and stuff. but idk if there’s really any benefit to it. 

so i thought maybe if anyone has experience with telling people, if they could give me advice and stuff then that’d be cool 