I keep teetering back and forth and I'm sure I'm strong enough to withstand this...I've tried to leave the house at least for a few minutes every day.  Today I was unsuccessful.  I did take a shower and get dressed, though, but I had a piercing headache that just wouldn't quit.  I drank water and I haven't eaten a real meal in a week.

I keep teetering back and forth between 'It's gonna be okay, you can wait this out.  You can make it".  And then I look away from a distraction for just a moment and the reality of it all comes crashing down around me.  My mind is telling me this is all my fault. 

If I hadn't started becoming depressed we would have been just fine!  My depression is what ate us alive!  Not your torment and ceaseless attacks..   

He finally hasn't texted me harassing me all day and I thought that's what I wanted.  But what I really want is for him to say he's sorry and that he loves me and that everything is going to be okay.  But the things we have both done and said can never be taken back.  It broke us.

And now I'm alone and scared and I have very little money to do anything and payments are rounding their dues... and I have to leave.  Alone.  I have to leave alone and drive hundreds of miles with all of my things and leave you behind and try to start over again.  

I don't want to.

I want to drive to a drugstore.  I want to buy every medication without acetaminophen in it.  I want to take every last pill and I want you to find me dead in our bed when you finally come back because I am a selfish and worthless piece of shit.

Or just slice open my arms and run the bath.  I don't care about the pain anymore.  I've gone past that fear. 

I don't want to start over again.  We had so many plans.   I'm so tired.  I'm so tired.  I'm so tired.  I can't do this.  I can't.  I just can't.  

It's sick that I even want you back after everything, really.  It's sick that I want you to find me.  I'm sick.  We are sick.  

I can't do this anymore.  I can't live with this.  Life cuts me no breaks.  I have to cut my own.