I'm really sorryI don't really know how to talk about suicide. I accidentally slipped that I was experiencing suicidal ideation to a close friend, recently, and the guilt is overwhelming me. I've felt this way for a very long time, but I usually keep it to myself, because I recognize that talking about it to people who don't really know how to handle it can be traumatic, and I don't really want to be that kind of person to them. I don't want to hurt people.

Even now, as I write this, I'm trying to keep my crying quiet so that my parents don't hear me, because I don't want to hurt them too. In a way, I feel like I'm already dead, and insofar that I am not, I feel like my existence is a negative force in the world. I'm constantly torn between desperation over these internal thoughts of existential dread and pain, and not wanting to be a burden to others. All of my thoughts about suicide are chaotic and messy. I'm incredibly afraid to articulate them, because I'm afraid of what it says about me, both externally and internally. Every thought feels self-contradictory, like I'm pulling myself apart at the seams.

I just want it to stop. I don't want to be this person anymore, and I don't sincerely believe that there's any way to escape the pain. At this stage, I feel like any hope for change is just me rationalizing myself into how I'm \*supposed\* to think. I hate writing this so much. I just figure it might be marginally less painful - and significantly less permanent - than taking a handful of pills and going to sleep on some train tracks. I'm resisting the urge to go back and compulsively edit this, because I feel like if I do, I won't actually post it, and if I don't post it, writing it is just an exercise in emotional self-harm without any kind of purpose or outward function. So I'm sorry if the prose is incoherent and messy. I suppose that's not uncommon with this sort of thing.

I don't know what I'm doing. I'm a novice at this. The few times I've reached out for help, I was young and naive. I got caught up in a system that felt like it had to preserve me as a cog in some meaningless system. I felt like chattel. Like a self-destructive object, more than a person. Years back, I confessed my suicidal thoughts to an acquaintance, and that night the police were at my door at 3 or 4 in the morning. I remember them commenting that they thought they might already find a body. That's a sentiment that's been expressed to me a few different times.

On some level, I feel guilty even expressing this pain because I don't honestly believe I'll ever actually kill myself. I feel like I'm in hell. I feel like the only reason I'm still alive is because of my overwhelming fear of death, and the fear that my life will be so much more a blight on people's lives if I do actually take my own life. I'm very sorry. I don't want to write anymore, so I'm just going to post this before my persistent cowardice makes me delete it. I'm really sorry.