I don't know if the struggle of life is worth it anymore.I started working on the side of school when I was 15, got a job through family-connections and was very happy with it. Earning my own money I bought my first PC and built it myself. It was glorious.


When I was 18/19, I hit the famous wall, and I shattered on impact. I saw a psychiatrist weekly for the next 6-7 years. A couple of suicide attempts, a lot of medication. But I managed to get a part time job in 2014 and held it until the place went bankrupt last November. I've yet again been placed under the grace of the Government, which means a minimal monthly pay-out. I have a dog and a car that needs maintenance/food/gas. But I live at home with my mother so I'm not in any risk of living on the street at least.


But that's my problem. I won't get any more psychiatric care. My dog got diagnosed with cancer, my car is breaking down, I'm a burden on my mother and step-father. I know Government won't help me with what I need to get back on my feet. And through it all, all I hear is; "If you work hard enough and want something enough, you'll manage it.".

I HATE that. I've worked hard on this for the better part of my life. I turned 26 yesterday. Live at home, and can't take care of myself financially because I have no proper income. The only thing keeping me going is my dog, but I don't know how much longer I have her. My mother won't even speak to me when I feel depressed and lash out, because she can't deal with it. Last time this happened she ignored me for 3 days.


I just... what's the point? I obviously don't want to live enough to get back on my feet, obviously I'm not working hard enough. So how can I say I want to? It would be easier if I just... disappeared. 
I'm so worked up I'm nauseous. I can't handle this. No one's helping me, everyone's just bullshitting me around... 


Also, to everyone out there who try and help depressed people struggling with self-esteem and possible schizotypical tendencies (ya know, hearing voices, seeing things). Telling them that "No one can love you unless you love yourself" is like handing them the noose. All that did for me was realising no one gives a crap about me, and that the voices are right.