wall of text about distress, panic, angst, anger and sadnesshello. im a 12yr old kid from brazil.
im going to dump what im thinking and feeling in this post, cuz why not? im kinda anonymous anyway, so, if you wanna say your opinion or give me any kind of advice, i appreciate it, thank you.


when did it all start?
well, i never had any problems developing as a toddler, except for being kinda alone for, well, pretty much all my life, so yeah, that counts as a factor for being depressed, right?

"that doesnt seem like enough to be depressed." 
uhh, yeah, it isnt, for me at least.

So, what else adds into my mental state?
Long story short, my dad. He's been an alcoholic ever since forever. I remember when i was like 5 and he came home, drunk. I remember all the times he would drink about a liter of 40% liquor in a day, causing a lot of stress on everyone at the house. I remember when he would lash out on my mom (verbally), and they would have a fight while i just stood there, paralyzed and shocked, and somehow, the next day everyone would pretend nothing happened. I remember my mom crying on my shoulder while i stood there, with a thousand things going through my head. So, yeah, oh, how could i forgot my trauma from 2yrs ago, where they almost got divorced and my heart was racing. I hate my dad. I despise him. I just want to fucking stab him in the back about a couple hundred times for all the times he hurt me, my mom, my sis or my brother. 

For me that seems like a lot, but somehow not enough (?) To be depressed. But, however, there's more.

Well, this my sound stupid or/and completely idiotic but i hate doing chores. My mom is always pressuring me to do something, but, she doesnt know that im depressed, so, its not really her fault, i guess.

Another factor that contributes to it: school
Yeah, what a fucking surprise.
Basically, i'm in a new school and it was super stressful for me. I hate waking up, feeling just as fatigued as before and pretending everythings ok. Tbh,ive said shit to my classmates like: "im going to kill myself this week", or "i wish i was dead", they didnt care, its not their problem anyway. i have a scholarship and getting good grades on all my tests is mentally... i just want to give up. its so frustrating to not understand the subject youre given and fail the test, therefore failing my mom, the only person i try to impress, and i still fail. 

Role models in my life/Getting help
The only person ive ever really looked up to and the only person i admire is my brother. hes a really nice guy and the only one that i trusted (other than my online friends) to talk about my
 feelings. However, i havent been fully honest to him, because i just dont want to scare him or anything like that. my sis is another person that could help me. Why? She's a psychologist, and therefore would probably understand me. Why wont i just go and tell my parents? well, im scared of their reaction.

Suicide
Why havent i killed myself yet? Part of that is that i know my family would be devastated, and the other part? I dont know. I just think about what ive gone through and what i wouldnt have experienced if i killed myself.

yeah, thats all i can think about now.
ps:sorry for the dramatic title

