I was just thinking...I should know better than to be thinking when I am already down but I was. It was a long time ago but somehow right now if feels like yesterday when my cousin jumped off a bridge. He had so much going for him, a girlfriend, good friends, career goals lining up, the future was bright, but then he got ahold of a gun, and he accidently shot his friend, and he jumped off a bridge but he didn't die right away it was slow and painful and there was blood and there was nothing they could do to save him. I remember at the funeral her mom was so heartbroken, I have never seen so much pain in ones heart and I couldn't take it. I cried. I cried for a long time, and then I never cried again, not for another ten years. It was like I had run out of tears... forever... and it hurt alot more than crying ever could. I have never done drugs, have no history of hallucinations and never have, but I swear at that I could his very sole being violently ripped from his own recently deceased corpse. I didn't say a word I kept expecting somebody else to, but nobody could see it but me apparently. There were so many people at the funeral, the most crowded one I have ever seen and I do not think a single eye was dry that day. I remember the preacher what he said "[...]the devil plays for keeps[...]" It is not very often I talk about suicide, but I have been there. I do not think I want to end it anymore but it is still hard to find reason to want to be alive sometimes. I think even harder now that I have good times because it soften me ups for the bad times. I was never afriad of dying, but I am not afraid of living, not anymore. It is 1 AM. I am alone. And I feel so lonely right now and it feels like I will stay lonely... forever. "[...]and we grew up believing that no one would ever fall in love with us... that we would be lonely... forever... so broken heartstring bled the blues as we tried to empty ourselfs so that we would feel nothing! Don't tell me that hurts less that a broken bone! That and ingrown life is something that surgeons can cut away that it can't metastasize, it does!" -Shane Koyczan Idk, I guess I just have alot going on and I could not possibly cover it all here (my old doctor used to tell me I should write a book about my life some day) and I just have no where to go and I am depressed and I hurt alot right now and I think I am having some kind of meltdown.