I feel like I’ve hit rock bottom, but somehow I’ve still manage to fall deeper (transgender)I haven’t ever felt this suicidal in my whole life. I just want to be seen as a normal human being. 
Hello, I’m transgender female to male. I haven’t had anything medical done and I’m in high school. 

The dysphoria and discomfort of not feeling okay in my own skin is so overwhelming, I can’t take it anymore. I need something to change.. but I’ve done everything possible in order to pass that I know of. I’ve spent hours looking online for something I’ve missed; some secret that guys do in order to actually be seen as a guy. 
I’ve started going to a support group and although it did give me hope, it’s also made me feel even worse. There’s this one guy there who’s already 5 years through his transition, I’m so envious. 
All I’ve been able to think about this past two months is how many different ways I can hurt myself and utilize the objects around me. I can’t even tell you how many times I’ve thought about jumping out of my car while doing 60-70 down the interstate. 
The only reason I’m still alive is because of my family, otherwise I would have killed myself three/four years ago. I know this place isn’t necessarily for transgender rants, but I don’t know where else to put it without it getting taken down before I can get any real feedback. 

I’m 5’2, I have an undercut and my hair is longer on top. All my clothes are men’s, I wear boxers, my chest is semi flat (even without the binder) and I have masculine mannerisms. I’ve trained my voice to be deeper, but it’s still so fucking feminine. If it wasn’t for my voice I probably wouldn’t be misgendered. I’m so depressed, my medication just keeps going up and I’m still depressed. I have mental breakdowns regularly. I don’t sleep much, or I over sleep. I either don’t eat or eat on and off. I’m antisocial and awkward. I have absolutely no friends, and I just started at a new school a month ago. 
I tried getting my teachers to call me he/him even at the cost of using my birth name, but I have to get parents permission. I want to start testosterone, but I need both parents signature. My father isn’t even in the picture, and my mother thinks it’ll all go away over time. 

I haven’t cut in almost a year, but that’s all that’s ran through my mind in the last few hours. I self harm often, but never draw blood or really leave a mark. 

I’ve went through therapists and none of them made any progress with me. Everything I do to cope only lasts for a little bit, then I’m back to being unstable. None of my coping mechanisms work anymore. I’m so unstable. 

I just want my families approval. I want to make them proud and get a college degree.. 

But at this rate, I won’t make it to my junior year.