I'm going insane.I have seen Reddit for a long time i suppose, but this is the first time im posting and I don't know if its the right place.

I have dedicated my life to understanding both sides of an argument.  I have became a person of neutral attributes and feelings.  I have studied the good and bad of practically everything.  I have looked at or read every type of human expression i could find.  I have read horror stories and peoples fantasy of their sick and twisted minds.  I have read things that will haunt me forever.  I have read things like stories of cheating and rape.  Things like murder/torture  and black mailing.  Many other things but i can't pull them up right now.

I have also read every hope story i can find.  Whether its about true love or miracles, i will read it.  I have felt happiness like no other.  I don't know.  I have seen things that will melt your heart and make you believe in the human race again.  It really was nice to see the love and kindness i could find.

But I think for some reason this life choice was a bad idea.  Personal i don't think someone like me who over thinks things should have done this.  It's driving me to the far points of fucking madness.  I can't seem to forgot all the horrible shit i've read about, but at the same time I know the human race has so much to offer.  But the more i interact with people, the more i realize that these hope stories are far less common then those "fucked up" stories.  

I can't talk to anyone about it.  No one can help or understand me, but I knew this before i started this life style.  I think this is just another attempt to speak out to the world and try to connect once again.  I think I can last for a couple more years, but if i don't find a outlet for this fuckery ill need to just end it all.

haha actually i think the worst part is i want to be friends with the people around me(and they are my friends, logically speaking), but i think im just in a different part of society and its driving me mad.  I don't have the intelligence to explain the hundreds of thoughts per minute i have.  I have come to the idea that maybe most of this hasn't been personal enough to really grasp it, but i think that is the last wall i have to separate the flood of thoughts and connecting THAT to reality.  

What i think that means is that i've pretty much disconnected myself from this endeavor so i don't fully lose control.  But i have been getting clsoe to the point where is doesn't matter.

...you know i don't feel sorry for myself, and i don't feel anything towards other people besides pity.  Happy people are just one incident away from  a wave of depression, because happiness is fragile as fuck.  Unhappy people either don't know the love and happiness the world can really give them, or forgotten all together what is was.

The world is a beautiful place, full of laughter and misery swirling in an eternal void.  I have stared to long into that void, and i'm just about ready to jump in.