To all those who think suicidicalI won’t say how could I help because I know I can’t as We hardly know each other and the we don’t know situations we are in... neither I can feel what you feel inside because “You is you” that nobody else in the whole world can be.. nor I can push you for what you wanted because that is not what I want you to do...

Let’s think this way..  what if you have everything? Will you still be happy ? You think ? How long will it last ? Let’s say when you were a child you loved a toy... do you love it today? If yes how many days you will keep loving the same way you love today ? 

Family, friends, spouse, Gfs/Bfs, pets all are living being and they have their own life and nature... the way you can’t love everything and everyone for eternity same way nobody can love you for that long too...

Now, in my tradition (I am an Indian) they say “Everyone loves rising sun”... meaning all loves those who gives them something... another meaning is everyone one loves to who is bright from within ... 

Go in front of mirror... strip naked and see your self... are you your body ? No... you have a body... but how beautiful it is... totally functioning... everything is perfect... don’t see skin... think inside of the body... all organs works perfectly... you are alive... and capable to be live... isn’t it a beautiful thing ? 

You are with you.. fall in love with yourself... if you do suicide then what ? As you said nobody loves you then also everyone will forget you... but who is in loss ? You... you will loose this beautiful body and beautiful life...

Treat yourself as your best friend, a intense lover and a guide... make a great body, super bright career/ lots and lots of money,  and first start respecting your own self and your body... became A self confident “Alpha” ....  we anyways going to be die one day.. why to not be happy now? 

Choose your self over others and believe me you will become a people magnet... people will draw to you... they will try to be with you...because you know what all is dying inside... they show happiness, they show family fun photos, they show party with friends in Facebook or other social media sites... but that is just a 1 second of their life... but what they go through after that pic is nobody showing .... 

Take any one thing which you love the most... example helping people.. or adopting stray animals or wounded animals... help orphan children... help homeless people... visit to old age homes ... visit hospitals and spend time with those who have no one in life... you know what people will love you from deepest heart... because all the Facebook culture is showoff what real love is when you give without expecting... that the essence Of life my friend....

They way you feeling inside... if you see Reddit post mostly feels the same worthless, finding for love and feels alone.. what if everyone like you meet with each other in an open space like garden or park or restaurants... 

My friend, God loves you and hence he gives you this body and life... (1) you are healthy (2) able to earn for your self... (3) have food for eating, (4) shelter to living... believe me there are millions of people don’t have either of these or all of these basic things but still want to live...

Don’t be an enemy of yourself... there are two people who loves you... you yourself and God...

Be blessed my friend, I pray you overcome this phase, I pray you live long and meaningful life... I pray you be healthy and successful in your life... and I pray you love yourself ....

I don’t know you... but I love you... 🙏

I will pray to god for you 🙏

Your unknown friend......

Let me know if you want to chat... we can... if I can be any helpful to you.. I feel worth of my life🙏