I don't know what I should do ? 

Ok so I'm going to make this sort of short because I'm typing this on my lunch break

I've been with the same girl for 4 almost 5 years, we both have our issues but recently she was caught cheating on me, she claims this guy made her feel better about her self and provided attention I was no longer giving her. I didn't even try to fix anything or talk to her about it I just dropped her, after a week or so my sexual cravings where going crazy and I knew how easy it would be for me to call her and pretend to put things back together for well, you know.

I got what I wanted but still couldn't stand what she had done to me and my family went against me because they though it was stupid would even still want to mess with someone who cheated on me. My brother told me I needed to get over things and let her go or he didn't want anything to do with me so I let her go.

While In let her go the second time she kind of got the point that I had used her for sex so she went out in spite and fucked a friend of mine.

2 weeks after breaking up with her when my brother gave me the ultimatum I started really missing what I had with her and I really wanted my life with her back because I did actually love her. I told my self I could get over all this and move forward

I took her back the second time , she knew I had done things when I was single she wasn't happy about but she said she would move on to be with me again and have a happy family(oh yea she has a daughter I have been fathering) The first day back my brother stormed into my house because he lives next door and ask me wtf I was doing back with this dumb bitch because he believes she is a user and a manipulator. I told him I loved her and we are going to move past everything. He wasn't very happy about this and has since removed himself from my life completely.

Here is my delima now that you kind of have a small back ground. My brother was my closest relative and because I took her back he hates me wants nothing to do with me and constantly talks trash about my decision. I feel like because of these mistakes she made and had to live with the reality of how decent our life style was then living with her dad again and seeing how much everything sucked without me (words from her mouth) And I felt the same without her..empty alone and constantly wanting to be with her. But I can't stop thinking about my friend that she hooked up with. I think about it sometimes 3 times or 4 times a day . I love her so much but this brings me so much pain I've lost family over a girl I care so much about that fucked a friend of mine and I've contemplated sucide because I can't think of a better way out of my situation.... I can't be without her and it hurts to be with her.. What should I do?