Worried about my partner, am I over thinking?As the title states, I'm worried about my partner.

 Over the past few weeks there has been a few concerning comments from him. An expression of helplessness/hopelessness, another about how alone he feels, that he "has no friends". Just tonight he expressed how sad he was summer was over and that he wished it could last forever before telling me he was going to miss me.  He is a Teacher, so back to school means seeing me less as our work schedules are quite different. 

I know for a fact that he has had suicidal thoughts in the past, and there has been at least one prior attempt. He's not spoken much on this topic but I have made it clear that I am here for him whenever/where ever. 

Tonight after saying this he was getting some of his things together as he was about to go home saying "I'll bring different things next time." This struck me as odd because we spend 90% of our time at my apartment, and these items are almost always here. It felt as though he was "cleaning up"  so to speak, so I wouldn't have to.

I asked him if he was okay, and vocalized that I was concerned and scared that he might do something. I told him how much he means to me and that I love him more than anything in the world, all of which is true. I made sure he knows I am here for him no matter what and that he can talk to me about anything. He looked me in the eye and said he wasn't planning anything, and that he was okay, but there was a profound sadness in his eyes. 

Before he left he said I could come with him if I was concerned, but I told him I trusted him. I feel like that may have been a mistake, but I feel like I also need to trust him and believe what he says. I feel like I'm over processing but that now seemed like a request for help. 

He called me when he got home to say he loved me and that he was getting into bed, which is a fairly normal routine for us. He promised to text me when he gets up also. 

Am I overreacting here, or do I have validity in my concern? 