A career change and the lack thereofI don't expect any all-knowing answers to my problem. I suppose given my predicaments I just want to let it all out. This isn't necessarily a sad, broken heart story. I think this is a slow motion car crash with a twisted nuance.

Just over one year ago I moved to another state for a career opportunity my fiance received. She got into a very competitive, affluent police department. While this was a long application and hiring process, the actual moment from finding she got in and finding when we had to move was incredibly sudden. I didnt have a job lined up as she had put in for several departments in several states.

This wasnt our first time living on our own but certainly was our first time truly being far enough away from anyone we knew and truly feeling "on our own." But despite the fear of a new career choice (a dangerous one at that) and being in a new place with no safety nets, we were very excited and eager for our future. I proposed to her soon after she began at the Academy. She kept dropping hints about it for months and i felt sooner is better than possibly never... I hadnt found a job at that point but still had some money saved. I slowly chipped away at my savings to help support us, pay for groceries, any bills I could help with, general hobbies we wanted to experience. Months began flying by and my lofty aspirations never happened. I had a college degree, military experience, an eclectic work background. Somehow I just wasnt landing anything. I lowered my sights. Widened my sights. Redirected career ideas. I spent every bit of my savings. She kept telling me time and again that I shouldn't be ashamed or feel useless, that everything i was doing around the house was more than enough. I made her breakfast before work, dinner when she got home, cleaned the apartment, took care of our new dog (another decision I made to make her happy after we moved), and the list goes on of things I tried to do to help however i could...

We never stopped talking about our wedding plans. She always reminded me how she never couldve done any of this without me.

The closer she got to graduation, and then the more time she spent on the job after graduation, the more she grew concerned of what would happen to us. Its a taxing career on any relationship, to say the least. But we knew it. I knew what i was signing on for when i proposed to her. She worried I wouldn't like the life that would end up for us if she stuck on this path. I told her not to worry. She worried she would change and i wouldn't want to stay with her. I told her not to worry. She had heard it all during the academy and briefings and from co workers and superiors. This job will change you. This job will hurt the ones closest to you. This job ruins relationships and ends marriages.

Two weeks ago, as if with the flip of a switch, she began acting different at home. I asked, she said she was just tired. This persisted for a couple days with myself growing increasingly concerned. I met her tired, we were in college, we were in the military, there was never a time we weren't tired. This wasnt her being tired. A week later, with three attempts of varying degrees and approaches to talk with her about this, nothing changed, she still felt different, distant, and lifeless. I came back from a walk when she asked if I was ok, "you've been going for a lot of walks lately."

I broke down and spilled everything. This time less controlled, less restrained, and careful. I said no, im not ok. I explained what i had been seeing and what she had been saying and doing. Equally as lifeless as before, she told me she didnt know what to say... Nothing comforting, nothing like I expected her usual self would say, nothing i was desperately hoping for. A bit of silence and then, "i dont know what i want anymore."

Across a disjointed, staggered, and very confused/labored conversation, it concluded with an unsettling realization that we aren't going to keep going on together.

I made mistakes along the way. I couldn't get a job within the year of being here. I know I messed up but never did i think i was so consistent about it. Never so abundantly as to make her abruptly turn full circle and give quit this out of the blue.

But here is the breaking point for me that has led me to posting here. I've dealt with severe depression before. Plenty before. Never had it been so out of control as when I was being released from the military. It was my meal ticket and the plan my life banked on. I reached out to anyone and anything for help. My family didnt take it seriously. Doctors were no help... Medication, college resources, hell I had even called a suicide help hotline and got a guy who made me feel worse about things. But my fiance changed it all. I didnt know her all that well, at least not on suicide help terms. But there was something comforting about her and at the end of the line, I trusted to tell her. The next few months from then, we spent a great deal of time together, growing closer as friends, and then romantically. She got me out of my family's home which was toxic to the say the least. She cared so deeply for me. Not just more than anyone else, but infinitely more. I had always owed my life to her.

Today, though... I can't tell her that I'm having those thoughts again. The ones you hear about in the final interviews of those who killed themselves. The same thoughts she rescued me from. I have no one here. Ive no job to distract myself with. No friends here (not really any friends anywhere else for that matter). No family here. No money. No car. I have nothing at all. I dont even have my fiance in both the sense that she's always gone with work but also in that she's now leaving me. I have no where to go and no one to turn to. I put my whole life into this endeavor and its leaving me stranded in open waters without anything to stay afloat. Cliched metaphors aside, I cant even tell her this because her job has already consumed her. Its all she wants to do, all she thinks about, and has left her drained of any energy to deal with me and this breakup. She would rather I get mad at her and leave so she can sooner start the healing process. But I committed my life to her, I want to fight for this! Which... Is just making things harder on both of us.

The biggest problem in all of this is (as if i can really quantify any one thing as being objectively worse than another) there's a gun in the apartment. Its not her on-duty weapon as obviously thatd be with her. In fact, its an old gun she seems to have forgotten is here. I want to ask her to remove it but i know in doing so I will have forced the truth, forced the conversation she cant handle right now, and force more fear and stress on her. She hasnt spent a day home without crying, as neither have I... We have seemingly taken turns with our nervous breakdowns and sporadic sorrowful waterworks. I'm afraid to put anything more on her. But... She is the only person in the world i trust my life to. Or i did. Because I am afraid if i turn to her to save me one more time... She won't.

I don't want to do anything like that. I'm older and stronger today than i was years ago when i got out of the military and first suffered suicidal temptations. But being stronger isnt the same as being strong enough.

I still need her but it doesnt seem she still needs me.