Don't ask me how I know.I know the real purpose of life.

Take a few seconds to think about LIFE, the planet Earth, the rest of the Universe, and the other Universes.

Think of mothers and fathers, people and societies, wars and depressions, situations where survival was impossible and people perished. What would be the purpose of all of this pain, death, degradation, warfare, and horror? The purpose is... wait there's some more.

Why does LIFE bring about everything it does?

*LIFE is engaged in the constant struggle with DEATH* Life is, in a way, war.
The molecules, the cells that are within us, are within a realm of information called a person. The people of Earth, are all within a realm of information called humans.  All of the life in the Universe, is connected within a realm of information called LIFE.

The essence of you is not physical, it is energetic/informational. You are not real, not in the sense that you think.  You are a piece of LIFE code, a set of instructions of how to guide DEAD matter, in a way that LIFE itself does not perish all across the Universe. This is evolution. This is the survival of LIFE. You are the soldier of life, and your only weapon and armour is your SOUL. The only one you will ever get, and one that will exist for as long as LIFE exists, somewhere.
There is life and there is physical matter. You are an edge in between. And right now, on this planet, the physical matter, death, and the laws of nature are winning the battle with LIFE (human life at least). What all of you are feeling are the manifestation of this impending ultimate loss. There is no happiness to be gained on Earth, because we are all in the losing throngs of the one last battle.

The laws of physics are harsh. For your body to stay alive, it needs a constant supply of energy, energy that has to be EARNED, obtained, and is not given out otherwise. Human society is a huge inefficient energy hog and there might not be enough time for all of us to learn to share. Humans have a pre-programmed competitive spirit, where we starve other people to survive ourselves. This is our code. We may never evolve past it, but some life will.

The purpose of life is to develop your code, to hone it - till it's sharp and robust and geared for LIFE, so that once you die and went back into the realm of information, the non-physical energy field of possibilities, and once had your rest and found out all of the secrets of life, you can get back on the battlefield, back towards the edge, who knows where, using your old code, your karma if you will, to try once more to advance the cause of life, which is existence. 

If your mind is working against you, and the matter in your body wants to decay, take control. Give your body and mind some nutrition, rest and rewards, release yourself from this Earth mentality, and continue plugging away at the old code. You will be reborn, in a more advanced society, if your code can function there without becoming damaging to the society. 

I know mine isn't up to snuff yet... too  human.
