I fucked up. So now I have the ideation, the means, and the plan. And here comes intent, as the protective factors fade.I haven’t left my apartment for three days. My boyfriend (or not - he has kids and lives with a woman that he says he doesn’t love. Not exactly a  normal or healthy foundation for our relationship) is angry because today I told him that I intravenously injected water yesterday. I am a recovering opiate addict. I quit for this man. I wanted to eventually become the step mother to his kids. Yesterday I was feeling so isolated and alone. I don’t have many friends, and I struggle to reach out. My best friend is currently mad at me for not being there for her over a break up. Normally I would, but I haven’t been able to this time. I always feel depressed, but for the past few months I have been falling apart. I can hardly manage myself, let alone help someone else. I don’t want to burden anyone. I spend all of every day in my bedroom, except for when work calls me in and I feel like I can cope that day which is becoming less and less frequent. I am so broke - it’s just another stressor on top of everything else.

I just wanted to feel the sensation of the needle yesterday. It’s a common thing for ex injectors to crave. Now that I have done that and been honest and told the boyfriend, he says he can’t accept that risk around his children. Which I understand - but I would not ever expose anyone, especially a child, to this hell. And the fact that he thinks that I would do that at all - how little does he think of me? The only reason I mentioned it to him at all is because we have a policy of complete honesty. I would not have mentioned it at all otherwise - I can’t stand the way I morph into a threat to his kids in his eyes when I fuck up. I can’t believe how angry he is. He is an amazing man, truly amazing. He can look at me and see me as a person, rather than my past. But with this, it just seems like he can’t see my side. I was trying to manage myself in the best way I could. I didn’t want to hurt anyone, I didn’t want to use drugs. I just wanted to stop the internal chaos for a while. 

I try really hard to do things morally and ethically. I have Major Depressive Disorder, c-PTSD from my childhood, PTSD from being raped twice and being a prostitute in 2014 to pay the rent, I’ve done porn and all sorts of shit, and it’s all profoundly affected my self worth and value. But I don’t like hurting people. I know what pain is like, and I would hate to be responsible for inflicting it; this is the only thing that stops me from acting on the suicidal urges that I have every day. I watched my mother die in 2015 with my brother and father, and I don’t want to cause grief like that for anyone. But I am so tired of living. It’s hitting the point where I am resenting the people that care because I can see the solution, but I am not allowed to take it.

I never envisioned living this long (27 years old) - every year I tell myself that next year will be better and that feeling like this is temporary. But it’s not. It’s more like this self destructive depression is the baseline, and the moments of less distress are just rare deviations. I am medicated and I have regular therapy. I just think I’m not supposed to live. Maybe I’m wired differently... Maybe us depressed bastards are living in some reverse state where rather than avoiding ways we could die, we search for reasons to live? Whatever the case, my search is failing.

I guess I am here just so I can get my story out. I have enough propranolol to fuck myself up nicely, and if I throw in a decent mix of my other hoarded pharmaceuticals to stop me vomiting and keeping me sedated, I think I’ll finally stop being a burden for people around me. 
