im done, i can't go on.god im so done with all this.

Everyone in the UK is out here saying "oh hell no, we've just gone into lockdown" but only now do I realise just how sad my 17 years of existence has been.

there's been virtually no change to my life since the lockdown other than not going to school, and everyone else has social lives that they're desperately trying to salvage, and SO's that they're trying to talk to all the time... I've got neither of them.

okay, I do have a friend group, I'll concede that. But all of them live at least 20 miles away. I don't get along with anyone I know in my city other than a few select people, and even then I don't talk to them often since they're younger people who I teach.

My school's been telling me to make sure my mental health is kept up. jokes on you, I've never had good mental health since Year 9.

and the worst part is that I'm still as lonely as ever when it comes to romance... Every other person that I know in my friendship group has found someone that they can share their life with, while also being able to confide their deepest, darkest problems in that person, and I'm still lonely as ever.

even my crush has said that I can't be with her, because she's got someone else on her mind... invalidating everything that makes me "special", even though she says that I'm a great human being. 

it's pretty simple... I'm not. 

I'm not worth it. I have no reasons to love myself, at all. I'm not good looking, I have huge self-esteem issues that won't go away no matter how hard I try, I'm the most irrelevant person in my city, I hate everyone in this city and I'm a musician.

Musicians are fucking weirdos, and we own that. not in a good way though. The worst part is that I'm a singer. fml.

Everyone keeps telling me that I need to love myself before I can love others, including the one that just broke my heart. 

but how do I do that if I don't have a reason to do so?

I really, really, really want to die. I don't want to be on this world anymore. I never asked to be here. and yet, all of that involves actually dying, which I really don't want to do for a multitude of reasons.

Now would be the worst time to do that, with the global health crisis and all, but if I'm gonna kill myself, I'm probably gonna do it like Kurt Cobain: learn guitar, start a band, become famous, tour the world and then realise that no one cares about you, but they care about what you do. they only care about your legacy... then start a strong hatred for humanity and realize that you don't want others following your footsteps.

And if shooting myself with an American shotgun is what it takes, then I'm waiting for the right moment.