I’m gonna kill myself one day. I don’t know when but I know I will.No one cares about me. I’m just an object to everyone. My dad left when we were younger leaving my mom to take care of us. She beat me. Neglected me. We only had water and if we ate  something we were not supposed to, she would curse us. We lived amongst piles of mildewed clothes. Every house we lived in was a mess. My mom never cleans anything and expected a 8 and 10 year old to throughly clean a whole house. Rats jumped in the bathtub when we bathed ourselves. To this day I am so scared of eating without permission. To this day, I can’t stand all rodents. One day as I lay on my bed at ten after my moms sugar daddy peeked under my long shirt, I decided I hated myself and I wanted to die. I never had friends. I was always pretty and beautiful. But no one really wanted to get to know me. 

Every person who I’ve trusted throughout my life hurt me physically and emotionally. I’ve never had a best friend. I would only talk to myself in my head because I had no one else to talk to. I am afraid of people. I hate people. I don’t want to.

I’m a gross. I can’t do anything right. I became a cam girl because I was bullied at my retail job by a girl who was a “feminist” and “empowered women”. Everyone is a hypocrite I swear. I was so embarrassed and depressed that I had to quit before I took my life. I should have when I had the chance. I hate that decision because I hate everyone even more now. They made me feel like a toy. I don’t feel real anymore.

My “parents” (mom and step father) decided to persuade me to come back home. They kicked me out because of my older sister. I vented and she told my mom, then she told me horrible things and called me horrible names. I thought she loved me. She was my favorite sister. I looked up to her. When I did, they made me clean up after my big family. Nine people. They never even said thank you, and would throw food on the floor and counters after I did.  I was a joke. A gross slut who chases after men and is lazy. She quit because she was lazy and stupid. 

A family member had a birthday party and my stepdads whole family ignored me and acted like I was a disease. Well, maybe I am a disease. I don’t want to hurt anyone anymore with my presence.

I think only one person loves me. But he will always love work more than me. I’ll never be anyone’s first choice. 

I’ve given up on god. He no longer loves me. I don’t think he ever did. Nothing has gotten better since that day when I was ten. I tried to love. I tried to be nice. I try so hard to please other people. Everyone I’ve ever really loved has hurt me deeply. I don’t think I belong here. I’m nothing. I mean nothing. I just have to plan this out so it really works.
 
I don’t want to wake up. I’ve heard it all. It doesn’t get better. I’ve been on pills. I’ve been to therapy. Before I could get better, my parents decided I didn’t need it. They took me off of the health care plan. I can’t get help because I can’t afford it.

I don’t know what I did wrong. I thought praying worked. I thought being kind worked. I thought your family was supposed to be there for you. I have to kill myself. Nothing is going to get better for me and I 100% believe this. I just am waiting for the day that I can’t bear it anymore and I give up. I can feel the day getting closer and closer as my pain cuts deeper and deeper. I can feel it burning up my heart.