New Here and lostI’ve never really posted to forums or anything like this so bear with me please. I used to think about suicide a lot when I was younger, but with a lot of stuff life has been throwing at me I find myself contemplating it more now. I still find value in my family and care for them so I don’t want to hurt them and take myself out, but I also can’t handle some days. The past year for me has been probably the hardest I’ve gone through and with all of the quarantine stuff happening I feel like it’s finally really weighing me down. 

I’ve practically given up in school because I don’t have a care for it the same way I used to. I have friends and family to talk to but sometimes it seems like they don’t realize how bad I’m actually hurting. 

My boyfriend is as supportive as he can be, but he himself hasn’t been okay for a while because he experienced so much hard loss at the end of last year he is still grieving and healing on his own, so It’s hard to emotionally be there for each Other right now. I am very understanding of that as I know he has so many feelings running through him right now and he can barely be there for himself. 

Him and I have actually talked about suicide a lot together and as much as we both think about it and wish we could take that route we also feel it is not worth it from all the pain it will put people we love through, however what am I or we supposed to do when the pain of life just eats us every day? 


I haven’t felt genuinely happy in a long time and I know for him it’s been even longer. It hurts me so much to know he is going through that pain. It’s hard push mine aside and be there for him, sometimes I can when I’m worried about him but some days I’m being eaten up by my own emotion I can’t even wrap my head around my own thoughts. 

Not really sure where this is going but I just feel so helpless lately and I don’t know what to do with myself. I want to go to therapy but with the covid-19 I’m unemployed and can’t afford it. So I guess if anyone just has advice or wants to talk that’s what I’m asking for. Thanks guys