I'm finding it hard to see the point any more.My partner split up with me yesterday and I went through a C-PTSD spiral.

I was told (and have been told by others and redditors) that I'm selfish, manipulative, childish, foisting blame, and that I'm unhealthy for others in relationships.

Also, I was told that I was acting like my abusive mother who is a "bad" BPD (I have lovely friends with BPD who try; she doesn't). That woman almost killed me on a few occasions and lied incessantly. So much so that she turned me against my dad and I've only found the truth out over a decade later.

I don't lie but all the rest could be true.

I don't know.

I was told "your idea of a "healthy relationship" isn't and I suggest you don't do this to future partners" by a redditor on a sub I thought would understand two people from abusive backgrounds. They told me it isn't "all about" me. Even when I explain myself in that I don't expect somebody to tell me something but I'm not sure how to deal with that, people come back to that.

So either I'm wrong or everybody else is.

Now I'm back to assuming everybody is right.

Refusing to eat now--though it's also a compulsion not to. Won't take my meds in the same way and they are heavy duty, you don't just stop them.

It's not simply the break up. Many things in my life aren't going to help. I've been a non-working agoraphobic for years now. I was creative when with my partner but now I don't think I can write. I'm going to go back to being alone in my flat, miserable, and not able to type out my ideas like I was before.

I don't want to risk hurting anybody else. I don't want to ruin people. I agree with that redditor that my idea of relationships must be unhealthy but I have problems with impulse control. I don't know how to stop myself forgetting how bad I am and wrecking another person.

Therapy and my diagnosis process for the possible autistic disorder feels pointless. No matter how hard I try, I'm no better than I was at 14 (25 now). When I think I've made progress, it turns out I haven't.

I've been suicidal before, half-arsed attempted it a couple of times. Now I feel it might be the only action to take for everybody's benefit. Before I wanted to die because *I* hurt. Now I want it because I hurt others, can't stop myself, and that hurts in addition to the break up.

I'm my abusive mother, though I don't physically harm anybody or lie; I'm her either way and there's nothing I can do to get away from that. I won't be happy on my own, I'll waste away doing nothing again. He won't take me back.

I don't know why I'm posting this. I need to tell somebody. Not because I want saved but so it will be out there somewhere if I manage to be brave enough to follow through on any plan I come up with. There are several but it has to work. I don't want to wake up in the hospital with everybody looking down on me.

I don't want advice on how to do it - I know that's not what this reddit is for.

Maybe this is a planned memento mori or something stupid. So I won't mind if a mod deletes this. It would make sense.