Confusion, suicide and a sick petI’ve been having a lot of suicidal ideation. It’s different this time though because I truly feel I’m not meant to be on this plane in existence. I finally realize that waiting out this pain is rather pointless because it’s going to re-emerge again and whatever contentment I find in the spaces between isn’t worth the darkness. I manic-depressive and I can’t trust my own brain, my mind. It’s the worst it’s ever been this time.

My cat stopped eating about a week ago. He’s going downhill and the doctors just figured out what’s going on but the situation is dire it’s probably too late. I don’t know what to do. Supposedly he has a 79% chance of bouncing back, but in the meantime he’s on a feeding tube that I have to tend to every hour and a half. And any other time in my life, I would jump on the chance to help my companion animal get through a hump like this to live. But right now, well I’m suicidal, I don’t know why am torturing him and torturing me in the process.

The vet said it’s not torture. That he looks worse than he is. I’m not concerned that this vet is bilking me for money, believe me. He really thinks that if we do the tube feeding for about a week that he could be fine for another three, or five, or 10 years. But I don’t want to be here another three, or five, or 10 years. I feel horrible that instead of snuggling with me like he’s always done, my cat Stays in one spot unless I’m coming to feed him and in that case he runs away. Like bolts away for me, running into things along the way because he has the Elizabethan collar on.

I don’t know if it’s good for him or me to keep doing this. I don’t know if I put him down, I might come to me angry that I didn’t do everything I could. And I don’t know if that outweighs the anger I’m going to feel if he is deteriorating to a point of no return and his last days with me are horrible. 

I fantasize about killing me and him. Why delay the inevitable? This pain isn’t worth it. We could be released from everything.

Advice?