i dreamt she was a bulldozer; i dreamt she was alone in an empty field*here’s to the ones who dream*

*foolish as they may seem*

*here’s to the hearts that break*

*here’s to the mess we make*

when i was a bit younger, i was full of jealousy. i mean, really full of it; couldn’t accept the possibility that other people are more successful than me about anything. i was a smart kid; my memory has always been my strongest point, which means that every college test were easy, even the ones that got everyone busted. that alone meant that other people were also jealous of me, but i never noticed it. instead, i created a culture of thinking myself higher than almost everyone, so i wouldn’t envy them. needless to say, i still had envy on those people i couldn’t put myself above, so they despised me; those who i understimated merely felt offended and started to dislike me. so this is how my life has been since, well, ever. i was left alone over and over, and everytime it was my fault.

my jealousy was the thought they were better than me, so i started to dream with the day i would be so good as them. didn’t matter about what: popularity, beautifulness, cash. i just wanted to be the best, and by that i mean controlling everyone, or even better, pity everyone. nowadays i believe pity is the most toxic feeling because it comes from a weakness, or a disfigured view we have on others. but that wasn’t the way i thought back then. i wanted to feel important. i dreamt that i was important. i never was.

i was also jealous of people. how could they be so independant? i mean, i always guided myself through others; so the ones that were important to me should guide themselves through me. that is so naive! but i was naive as well, and maybe, i still am. so i wanted also to be special individually, not only to the society.

that kind of desire, which was never accomplished, made me correlate dream with failure. since then i hate to dream; hate to waste time thinking on how it could be, while it wasn’t. so i preached against the mere fact that people dream. “dream is equal to jealousy”, so i tried to be less jealous — never getting there — and i spied with my little eyes everyone prefer other people than me, so i dreamt less, and by dream less i was less alive. i had less ways out.

now i understand.

dreaming isn’t measuring yourself with others. dreaming isn’t setting up a goal, neither guiding yourself to somewhere. to dream means the eternal will to be better. it’s the positive part of envy: it makes you go somewhere. i gave up of dreaming because i thought there was nowhere to go except where you want to, but that way of thinking is suicide. while i’m sure i couldn’t ever dream again because of my thoughts, i wish you dream.

i wish you are better every day. i wish you so well. i’m sorry for envying you, for being so rude, so pessimistic. i’m also sorry for not giving you the life i wanted you to have. that happened because i’m so ego\-centered…

the only dream i actually have is to rewind time so i can never have met you. never make you cry. i guess my conscience can apologize me this time, since it has nothing to do with jealousy, but only with failure. maybe someday you’ll forgive me, but this time i cannot forgive myself.

i find relief in the fact that you’re never going to read this — nobody will, or so i believe \-, and more than that, all my grief isn’t important to you. that is actually a good thing, i guess. to you. it’s time i care about you, not only me. there was no you. when i care about you and think you will not suffer anymore because of me, in some way it gets easier.

nevertheless… it hurts me so hard. i can’t go back now. it’s too late.

guess i'm dead.