Nineteen and a WasteSo, I guess for my vent I need to say I'm a transgender woman. Definitely not going to get lynched and told to die for that, right?

My entirely life, I never learned how to love myself. My parents, from the very beginning of elementary school, pushed me to have really high grades that I could only keep up with in non-healthy ways. I've never ever loved myself. I think of myself as waste, as trash, as garbage, as an abortion that somehow made it out of the womb.

I never had friends in my first years of school. Small, fat, nerd and effeminate, I was the easiest go-to victim of bullying. After the abuse I suffered from my classmates, I decided "well, fuck you if I'm going to let you push me around forever" and became pretty violent. Hurt some people. It's not as bad now, but I have awful explosions of anger that I take out on people and the dogs at my home (sometimes physically, as much as I try to restrain myself. Can't help but hate yourself more when you're essentially an abuser).

When I came out as trans, I was abused thoroughly by my parents for two long years. Got fed up, tried to live alone in another city and couldn't get a job, so I had to live off my parents' financial help (and god, did it make me feel like a loser). 

I hate myself. I hate how I look and how I sound masculine, how I act, how I can't talk to people without becoming a timid mess, how I can't keep people in my life, how I always end up exploding over meaningless shit and hurt others, how I will never look as good as I wish I did.

Being trans fucking sucks, especially in a country responsible for literally half of all trans murders in the world (Brazil, no need to look it up). Just yesterday I heard of a girl that was brutally murdered. And if it happened to me, maybe I would deserve it. I'm not a productive person: the only thing I ever did was get high grades and maybe be above average when it came to people of my age, but even that's going down the drain since anxiety is taking away my concentration during college.

I am heavily PTSDed. Went through a lot of shit, from being alone to having my hair forcibly cut to being told I was mentally sick and that my father only wished he could beat me down to a pulp in front of my mom and cousin, who didn't do shit. Things are... better, at home. I'm kinda accepted, but the dude keeps fucking up and stressing me out.

I'm not sure how to put out everything I feel in a comprehensible way without making this post even longer than I have. So, in short: I have long lasting depression, anxiety, PTSD, gender dysphoria and some form of anger issues (borderline, maybe, but I won't self-diagnose). The only thing keeping me together is having a loving girlfriend, but overall, it's so fucking unbearable. 

Doesn't help that I'm a wuss. I'm extremely sensitive, and anything remotely negative puts me in an awful mood for a long while. I'm not functional for this society. My fragility, combined with zero social skills, being from an openly hated minority in my country and being a shitty, too angry and unproductive person, just makes me feel like I should be dead.

Makes me regret going to the hospital the last time I tried. I'd taken twice the lethal dose of an antidepressant. If only I had kept it inside of me instead of throwing up. Maybe I wouldn't be here, a parasite to the few people who keep up with me, my incessant whining. I'm just a loser.

(there's also a lot of issues with feeling guilty for causing all my problems, feeling that I'm never getting a job and more but it's not worth anyone's time, so, peace)