I want to die, but I can't. (Rant)I don't want to be alive, I'm tired, I'm so so tired of everything.

I'm tired of being the "strong friend". The past two weeks I tried being more open, I tried telling my friends what was going on, but they've got their own problems, how can I ask them for help, when I'm supposed to be the one who helps them ?  
I'm sorry if this sounds selfish, but I'm tired of trying to convince my friend its worth it to stay alive, and that she's loved, but she doesn't believe it.

But then that makes me hate myself even more because I'm a fucking hypocrite trying to talk others out of suicide, when I'm on the verge myself.

Then I can't ask for help because my friends need me, no one wants to see depressed, suicidal me, they want the funny, happy, me. 

And I do get happy, I get happy, and things are okay and good, when I'm with my friends and boyfriend at school. But now because of corona there is no school, there's isolation.

And I can't stand it, when I'm alone I get worse, I don't want to be alone, I don't know if I can make it being at home all day, every day.

The past few days I've stayed locked in my room, only leaving when necessary. If I don't have to go to school, whats the point of leaving my room.

I can't stand being at my house though, mom always leaves, dad is always locked in his room when mom leaves, little brother is too young to understand.

Dad tried to overdose on sleeping pills last night when mom left, it didn't work. Imagine it did, and my brother would have found him while I was locked in my room, and my mom was God knows where.

Mom is leaving again tonight, what if he does it again ?  
I have to stay alive for my little brother.

I want to die, I want to end it all so badly, but I can't bear the thought of my little brother finding me.

I can't even express it with words at this point. I've wanted to die since I was 9, I've held on all these years, it's getting harder and harder and I don't know how much longer I can do this.