Im suffering from liver failure either way i will be dead soon. Why not exit this world my way instead?I've been suffer from liver disease for quite some time my doctor about almost 2 years ago now told me it was in it's developing stages. Being a brain dead teenager and not giving two fucks I ignored him and his advice all I simply had too do was simply lose some weight and the liver should heal back to normal after some time. Me being a brain dead retard at the time didn't realize the importance of the situation at hand at the time. And we'll as you can guess 2 years of a untreated liver with 2 overdoes attempts with pills and a shit ton of them at that and throw in some liquor and wow that really smells like liver failure too me. The money it would cost to get a liver transplant is a fucking godly amount so that option is practically down shit Creek. But in the sad reality it's basically my only option but no way in hell am I going to put that burden on my parents. So, about a month ago I decided I'll push my loved ones away and make them hate me including my girlfriend now ex girlfriend because i pushed her away (keep in mind I've been too chicken shit to let anyone know about this). So that way when I die, they won't care anymore or it will at least hurt less. Last Monday I attempted suicide again failed and when I got discharged from the hospital turns out one of the only  people I sent a letter blocked me without even saying anything. So as I sat their on the sidewalk waiting for my ride too come get me, I realized that ive accepted a decent amount of time ago that my fate has been sealed. I have no clue how much longer I have left but considering the pain just keeps getting worse and worse to the point i cant sleep id say not long (its currently 5:35AM where I live, turns out I have ALOT too say on my suicide note) so I dont think I really want this thing winning against me you know? Like I said i don't really fear death anymore I just fear tomorrow at this point. I feel more happy at the thought of going on my own terms you know? Going out my way, it just seems like the more peaceful and proper way too me.