The reason i consider my suicide reasonableMost of you will just get offended by this title or text but i just wanna be honest. I have a twin brother. We both got tested as highly intelligent several times which put a high pressure on us become something oustanding. So he became a lawyer with one of the highest degrees in his state. The only thing he has to worry about is his twin (me). Same for my mom (doctor in medicin) and my sister (doctor in biology). My dad killed himself when i was 2 years old. Yet hear i am. Sitting on my 27year old me. I got my a-level but thats all. I never felt the drive to reach for any targets. For me it was allways about surviving lifes circumsstances. So today i got a letter from my bank telling me to pay back 5k dept in 14 days otherwise they will ‚force me to‘.  It was kind of the last drop that made me give up. I was at a hospital last year when i attemted to suicide but survived and it felt like a turning point in a positive way.
But right now i lost that little bit of power that was left. I just feel like my family should stop suffering by all that worries they put into me every day. 
I wasted my talent, i wasted my youth. I just survived day by day. Using sleeping pills every night. To be honest, i think in 2 years from now if i commit suicide everybody will be better then they are now even tho they will have a hard time first. 
I lost my drive which a had (i was an actor, a decent football player, great in making money iin different ways).
Now its more like im waiting for that one accident. Maybe that sleeping pill that is to much. I stopped eating, stopped drinking. I take the risk only for the reason not to „intentional“ commit suicide and let the accident happen. I appreciate to have experienced the miracle of living on this beatiful planet but im just over it. There is no power left. No effort to step up and use my potential. So this is somewhat a last call for maybe an advice what i might have missed trying out to not leave this world and live a decent life if i wake up tomorrow (which i dont hope) Im sorry for my words, i really am. Cause they are just destructive. But thats the state i am at. Right now i took several sleeping pills and some other stuff that could not make me wake up and eventually let me sleep forever. I enjoied this community and it helped me to make the past years. There is this tiny hope of someone comes up with a good point i might have missed. May god bless you all and forgive myself that i didnt appreciate  my talent and life. 
I fucked up. Doctors couldnt help, pills couldnt help. Peace and love to all of
you guys. I know many out there feel like me but they are stronger to reach that turning point. Right now i dont feel like it and i really tried. Probably this destructive post gets deleted. To everyond who reads it before:
Take care of yourself, try your best till the very end. If there is a life after one dies i hope it will work out better for me. 
To my mom, my brother and sister: I am deeply sorry, i messed up. All i feel is a huge shame on my failures. I love you more then anything. Take care. Ill be with you forever and ever.
Last words for my twin (he got an extra note of course): Im so proud of you. We are the same. I know you will struggle the most and i know you are strong enough to make it. I love you so much. Ill be watching you forever. We will meet in another life, im sure.
Love and hugs to you - Im so sorry.