Hearing a voice or more than one.I have a situation that's been going on for a quit some time now umm I'm hearing voices and seeing visions I have been like this since I was eight teen and now I'm twenty nine now and things got way out of hand to the point where I get death threats for not doing what these voices tells me K go to work I work five days a week OK and it has been getting worse. Now no one knows this about me at all not even my family or girlfriend but sometimes I just wished I meet a sweeter women pretty soon if not I wished I did before I meet her. To many arguments she hits me with fist I try to leave but I don't want to put my hands on her. So back to these voices this has been my secret for a long time and it's to the point where I'm just ready to tell I been holding it in so long. I been messed with about religion God and Christ and the devil it made me so mad or it was what J was hearing seem so unfair so I call myself a atheist . I been messed with about that specific religion and it's all in my head so I feel that things are just closed in and like I'm in a trap  voices talked to me so fowl they kept calling me stupid and bring up my past life on certain events. They will tel me they want me dead or I'm going to die or I'm going to get my life took. They told me to watch my back or I'm going to drop dead or I'm sending myself to a early grave or I'm digging a whole and make it deep than it already is. People look at me in a different way o feel things from these voices they keep me up all-night scared to sleep sometimes. I get scared as hell sometimes that I'm might die sometimes they tell me it's my dying day or they got me till my dying day or they say when they want something down they will get it done. They don't want me to taking to other people I have trust issues I have a very strong sexual desire for women of any race I read more often I read e books to take my mind away from the drama trauma to where I'm sleeping but I'm awake that's how peaceful it be when I read so just had to get that out because e hearing voices not kool and them calling me weird negative they came to me. Yeah but they talking about taking my life tho not liking that dong want to die had suicidal thoughts bug not gone kill myself because o war to live.