Intrusive suicidal thoughts are becoming more frequent but I'm terrified to tell anyoneI've been having more and more thoughts of killing myself and imagining how I might carry it out. I feel so undesirable and like I'm a nuisance to people around me. My counselor suspects that I have chronic depression which runs in my family so that's not really a shocker. My girlfriend of 6 years recently cheated on me and, although I did initially break up with her, I came back to her shortly after and told her that I wanted to work through it if possible. She ended up leaving me regardless and I've never felt more hopeless. I want to forget that she exists but she's still so willing to maintain contact and that makes it so difficult. We've slept together a handful of times since and it always feels great when we're together and she always tells me that she has an amazing time. She says we need time to be away and figure out who we are individually but the way she talks when we hang out is like when we were together. We talk of plans to do things when/if we get back together,  we tell each other that we love each other without being prompted. I can't help but feel like she just wants me as a FWB or to just have an open relationship without me thinking of it that way. It makes me so angry to think that she's trying to trick me into something like that and it makes me feel like she doesn't value me or my feelings. I can't keep myself from feeling lonely and hurt constantly. It's the only thing that occupies my thoughts anymore. I've lost all motivation to pursue anything. All I do in my free time is lay in bed, watch YouTube, and try to keep myself from thinking about her. I've tried reconnecting with and hanging out with old friends of mine,  but it all feels so empty and it's so hard to make myself continue those connections. It's been a month since I found out she cheated on me and about 2 weeks since she moved out. I don't know if I can survive a year of this without eventually going through with killing myself. I feel like I won't be able to connect to anyone in the same way that I feel connected to her. I don't want to put the effort into dating because 1) I'm not emotionally ready for that and 2) I don't think I would be successful even if I was ready. I just want to be happy or at least neutral like I have been for awhile. I'm in a dead end job with no higher education and basically no way to obtain that education without going further into debt. I just want to kill myself and not have to feel these things ever again. I don't want to be scared of losing someone like this or of being betrayed again. I can't tell anyone that I want to kill myself because I'm afraid that they'll alert my family and then I'll be put into a psych ward or some shit. Obviously I can't tell my counselor. I can't tell my ex because I genuinely don't know how she'd react. She'd probably tell my family but she might not if I ask her not to. Regardless,  I know I shouldn't even talk to her in the first place. I'm just so stuck and I feel like there's no way that I can escape from my situation.