Terrified to live, terrified to die. (Apologies for my god awful grammar!!)Every morning for the last 4 mornings I’ve woke up wanting to die it is literally one of the first thoughts in my head. It used to be a fleeting thought something that came and went now they’re urges, burning painful urges, the kind of urge you get when your craving fat and sugar when your on a diet. I can feel the urgency over my whole body, so much of it in my legs, the urgency to kill myself sets my nerve endings alight almost with excitement and with such power, it all but forces me out of bed. I don’t know if it’s the meds or my own head but they are so unbelievably strong.  Yet I still try to fight them not for me so much but for my daughter, my husband and my family. The agony of fighting them is so unbelievably strong, I don’t know how much more I can physically and mentally take. However, I have a small problem, I’m terrified of dying, taking that last breath, the final one. Although, I have to say that is slowly diminishing. Yet the temptations around me are like a smorgasbord of suicide choices , I live a stones throw from a level crossing, a train station and two different motorway bridges (the only thing that really stops that is the desire to not hurt anyone else). Also I asked my darling husband to hide all the scarves and dressing gown cords where I couldn’t find them. Well I found them, in a wardrobe almost conveniently placed under the rail that I can tie them too. So of course I did first a cord, then a scarf, then downstairs to the garage for the skipping rope (tied to whatever that gym thing is) and then the dressing gown cord. The knives in the kitchen looked pretty tempting too, directly in my sight line as I left the garage. It’s almost like the universe is willing me to do this - I know that sounds borderline psychotic - but I also am well aware that the universe is not sending me signals (not yet anyway) I am having delusions mostly with my eyes closed?? but they keep telling me severe anxiety can bring on delusions. Well anyway I just thought I’d put that out there into the peripheral see if I can get a bite maybe somebody else is experiencing such strong urges and could shed some much needed light.