A Trap to Trap Myself InI have never held a handgun and I wouldn't trust myself to use one. I can barely tie my shoes, so I'd have to get someone else to knot the noose. I am terrified of heights; I'd never be able to make it to the ledge. As my favorite HBO nihilo-pessimist philosopher-detective puts it: I lack the constitution for suicide. Then again, never in my most horrific anxiety dreams did I ever expect to find myself in the state that I find myself in at this moment.  
I am thirty-three years old. Caucasian, middle class. Average height, thinnish, blue eyes, unmanageable Irish hair. Diagnosed as quote-endquote gifted at a much-too-young age. Weighed down with expectations that I never felt inclined to meet. Bachelor of Arts in Creative Writing, Class of 2005.  
Lived abroad for much of the past six or seven years. Did the Peace Corps thing. Overdosed on pot brownies one evening in Amsterdam and suffered a two-day panic attack that I never really recovered from. Enter anxiety. Stuck in my head. Socially elusive. Unreliable. Disorganized. Wildly frustrating to friends, lovers, loved ones, acquaintances, employers. Chronically late. Flaky. Not a man of my word any longer.  
Mounting anxiety. A need to medicate. Turned to drink. For a glorious two year stretch of time, I could guzzle as much alcohol as it is conceivable for an adult male to consume and I would wake up the following morning or afternoon or evening without so much as a headache. The golden age came to an end. 
Withdrawals. Nights spent in the ER. Nobody on earth knows this but me. I lack the constitution for suicide, but drinking allows me to do it in slow motion. Withdrawal reminds me that there are states of being that are far, far worse than death.  
Returned to the States. Acquired a desk job. Met a girl. Kicked the drink for a while. Fell in love. Kindred spirits. Smoked a joint at the Father John Misty show. Panic attack. Guzzled Guinness. Back off the wagon. Neglecting the girl. Ignoring the girl. Playing mindgames. She was in love and I was in love. I was barely there. Pushing her away. Pushing everyone away. I want to be alone. I want to be left alone. Too good for everyone. Too smart. How foolish.  
She calls to end it. I'm drunk, I'm high. I'm weeping. For the first time in years. Spiraling argument. Call later to apologize. Too late for that. Just friends for now. Wait a week. Have a few to loosen up. Call again to apologize. Not working. Wait a month. Get blitzed. Call to win her back. Nope. No longer friends. Call. I'm not ignoring you; I'm just busy. Call. I'm seeing someone. Call. I'm seeing someone and I'm happy. Call. You're a great person. I hope you take care of yourself. But we can't talk, not even as friends. No more calls. Three months pass. A friend: "Oh, you didn't know? She's engaged, man."  
A drink. A trip to the ER. A visit to my family doctor. Diagnosis of anxiety. No medication just yet. Start taking kung fu, beefing up, jogging, seeing a counselor. Kick the booze, for the most part. The anxiety flickers but does not fade. Another visit to my family doctor. A prescription for escitalopram. Two strange days guest directed by David Lynch. A blissful third day. Then, an 18-hour panic attack, possibly serotonin syndrome, who the hell knows? The worst experience of my life. Amazed to have survived it, but not especially grateful to be alive.  
Somehow a model employee through all this. Employee of the Month. Member of the departmental Dream Team. Bored with my job. Terrified of my coworkers. Too anxious and flighty to make eye contact.  
Lackluster dates with girls of questionable sanity. Like I'm one to talk. Bored. They are not her. Have a few drinks to loosen up beforehand. Return home alone. Have a few drinks to wind down. Wake up shaking.  
Kick the booze again. Wander about with nothing on my mind but visions of her riding an anonymous cock that is not attached to me. Pace my dingy apartment. A total slob even under the best of circumstances, and these are not the best of circumstances. No furniture to speak of, a ramshackle bookcase, an unmade bed with unwashed sheets. Clothes all over the floor. Alone.  
My dad is dying a slow-motion death of his own. Fallout from cancer, or the survival thereof. Can't eat without choking, can't walk without growing faint, can't really do much of anything. Visions of my father losing consciousness, gasping, dying, competing with aforementioned visions of aforementioned girl riding aforementioned anonymous cock. Torture.  
Love. I peer through the glass at the person I was, the person I hope to become, the person I believe that I deep-down-really-am. It is all love in there. I am unable to hurt or to harm anyone, and I never have been, not deliberately -- but I do not know how to show anyone that I love them, at all, and that is how I hurt.   
I'm sorry that this has turned into a creative writing exercise. It wasn't meant to be, but it came out that way. Let me return to essay format for this last bit.  
I am terrified. It is as though I have spent the past ten years of my life contriving a trap so intricate and airtight that it could only trap myself in it. I have not had a drink in a week, but I fear (based on my track record) that I will return to it. I am so chronically scatterbrained, disorganized, and uncoordinated that I struggle with basic things like cleaning my apartment, cooking, showing up places on time -- I always have struggled with these things, and despite my most concerted efforts to change, I have never been able to. My talents and abilities, whatever they may be, are so dispersed and amorphous that I wouldn't know where to begin in terms of applying them: I have no passion, no fire, and no direction. What I write comes out as dark as what I have just written. I can't think straight long enough to read for any length of time. Visions of ____, et cetera. The person I consider the love of my life no longer acknowledges my existence and has likely forgotten *that* I exist. Thirty-three is not a fantastic age to be a single male with massive anxiety issues, a totally alienated fanbase, and a clumsily boarded-up drinking problem -- I am terrified of solitude because solitude tends to breed more of itself, and I have plenty of it as it is. But the pains of socializing drive me back to my apartment, where the piles of clothes and the stacks of medical bills await me and the rent check kills me a little more each month. An unattached eccentric does not find an easy home in the American Midwest. Most of my friends have already left town for this reason. The ones who remain are married, have kids. The friends I made when I was abroad -- they remain abroad. I am here with no escape: the cost of living ties me down. My sick father ties me down. Even if I could escape: how many times have I pulled up roots in the past, and what the hell sort of plant have I become?  
For all this, I am not an entirely pessimistic person. I don't tend to be, at least. I'm usually a great deal funnier than this, and I'm a little dazed and more than a little embarrassed that I wrote something so gloomy. But it's accurate. I have made a mess of myself and I do not know where to begin with cleaning it up. I was a wildly popular and a deeply beloved person for a good long while. Perhaps I still am. But I no longer have anyone at all to talk to or to confide in. I closed myself off from the world and the world found other things to do. That's on me. It's not on the world. But if you've read this far, I do very much appreciate it, and I would appreciate any advice or words of encouragement or shared experiences or anything at all that you might have to offer. I can't tell anybody any of this. I don't have the heart to worry the people who would care, and part of me wouldn't be able to handle driving away the people who wouldn't. I have arrived at the deepest, darkest point of my life, and I think I need someone to remind me of just what an opportunity this might be.  

Love.  