It's been 11 years - I'm getting weary.I've had some sort of depression for over 11 years now. 

I remember the first occurrences from when I was 13-14. I can recall a few instances when I'd be playing with my friends and then just say "you guys don't like me, I wish you did". They never said they didn't like me, they never acted like they didn't but I'll be damned if I didn't feel like that 100%. 

I'm now 25. I have a B.S, am good at what I do, have friends, have parents who are proud of me and a wife who adores me. But I just spent 10 minutes curled up in a ball on my bed crying and repeating "i want to die, let me die". I'm tearing up as I write this. I haven't cried in years. 


At the age of 15 my first unofficial girlfriend broke up with me because God told her we were getting too close (she later got pregnant out of wedlock... you can't explain that). I cut my wrist for the first time not really knowing what I was doing. This turned into a common thing but after a huge 'what did you do that for?' thing with my friends I started hiding it - upper arms under my sleeves and on my thighs. 

Later that year on a church group trip to Six Flags on the way back on the bus I spent some time in the bathroom trying to choke my self with a piece of rope. I was in the bathroom long enough that people were knocking and I'm pretty sure when I got out people though I was doing drugs because my face and eyes were red. 

Our church had two services - the second one included services for kids and teens and I was supposed to go to the teen one but I'd usually walk down to McDonalds or go to the park and listen to Patti Smith.

I would try to break my neck in the shower (it looked so easy in the movies) and eventually came up with an idea. I'll tape plastic bags over my head and then handcuff myself to my bed so I can't stop it. My sister happened to need something as I was handcuffing myself and thwarted my plan. 

Not even a week later during a fight with my dad I exclaimed "this is why I tried to kill my self!". He had seen cuts on me and both my parents knew I was having issues; I guess this is what pushed them over the edge. 

That night they came into my room and told me they were taking me to the hospital. It was a 20 minute drive and I cried and pleaded the entire way for them not to take me. And I'm tearing up again. 

They checked me in and I remember one of the orderly's (sp?) telling me to strip down to my underwear so they could make sure I didn't have any drugs or weapons or what not. He saw my scars and said "doing that for show? doesn't look like you were trying to do too much harm". To this day that still bothers me - I obviously wasn't doing it for show because I didn't walk around naked which seriously reduced the chance anyone would see. 

I was there for a week or so - I made friends, I felt at home. I felt safe and secure (though I was being medicated). I received heart felt letters from my siblings and friends. 

The doctor told me I was ready to go home. He told me he believed I was bi-polar and that they have found a medication regimen that seemed to work for me. 

It's been enough time between then and now that I can't remember any specific incidents but my life has been mentally about the same. 

I've had multiple horrible blowups in relationships related to jealousy (stemming from my lack of self esteem). The worst of which prompted my first wife to tell me she was going to leave me unless I went to see a psychiatrist. 

**As a note I've seen multiple psychologists over the years.**

I'd seem to have more fine-with-life days than bad ones but I'd still have days where I'd be so depressed that moving even an arm seemed like an insurmountable task. 

I have no self-esteem, I feel absolutely worthless and want to die almost every waking minute. Almost. 

I have no reason to feel the way I do. People tell me they're proud of me, people respect me and people like to be around me - even though I've sabotaged a lot of my friendships over the years because of my behaviour.

Even though I know medication may help I hate the idea of being medicated and even if I wanted to be I'm self employed and have no health insurance and can't afford to pay out of pocket for a psychiatrist or the drugs. 

I hate my self, I hate my face, my body, I think I read slow, I think I'm dumb, I think I suck at anything I try to do. That almost everyone around me is better at anything I strive to do. I can't compete in anything, even multiplayer games because if I lose I feel like an utter failure. 

My wife today got a high score in Orbital and I went from feeling fine before hearing it to going up to my room and, well, led to this. 

As a 14 year old I was planning on growing out of all this. That once I moved out of my parents house, got a good job and had a significant other I'd be fine and feel successful. 

Nothing has changed and I haven't outgrown it - at all. I have these months where things seem fine and I think "Yes! It's over!". But the better I feel during the few months where things are good the harder I crash soon thereafter. 

I am 100% fearful that should I ever hold pistol in my hand that I'll just pull the trigger. I've even considered going to a shooting range and just being done with it. 

No more words are coming and I feel done with this post. I just needed someone to read, someone to listen. I'm tired of putting all my depressive weight on my wife as it's just not fair to her. 

If you read this and don't even respond thanks for reading. 