I don't even know what to say.I've been suicidal for the last 12 years of my life, but this last year is getting hard and I don't know what to do. 

Things where going great. I got engaged to my amazing girlfriend of 5 years.  I got a well paying job I liked and I was able to save up and move out of my parents house. 


It started getting bad when I got my own car insurance and I put my deductible as higher than I could afford for cheaper insurance. As you may have guessed I was in a car accident next week. I was without a car for 6 months in an area where you need a car to do anything. I had to borrow money from a friend at work and my girlfriend. 

Along with my car insurance going up, my rent went up as well. Along with paying back the money I borrowed I'm only making $100 a month for food and gas. 

My mom moved to the other side of the country with the rest of my family and I'm now the only person in my family in my state.

My girlfriend hasn't stopped talking to me, but its pretty close too it we say good morning to each other, I reach out for more conversation and she just never replies, I know she still cares about me I have no doubt but my depression always tells me she doesn't care and it doesn't help that she has been putting off moving in with me for another year.

My job is kicking my ass and it isn't what I thought it was I want to find a new job but I literally can't afford the week without a paycheck I come home sore and more and more depressed and beaten down. 

My depression is getting worse and worse by the day I obviously can't afford the help I need. I ask my girlfriend for help and bless her heart does what she can but i need professional help.

I've cried myself to sleep every night for the past month. I own a 12 gauge shotgun and I've had it to my head 3 times this week. My depression is telling me it is my time to go even though the other half of me doesn't want to. I'm losing this fight. 

I know my problems are the least of it to some people. I just need to tell someone this is happening and there are people who know these feelings I'm having. I just want to talk to someone.