Work finding out about treatment?Hi everyone, apologies in advance if this is not the appropriate place to ask. Using a throwaway account too, in case this intrudes upon my professional life.

Have wrestled with depression, possible bipolar and occasional suicidal ideation for close to 20 years, and have been experiencing this with increasing intensity/frequency as I face more stress from work and home.

I have owned a care home for persons with developmental/intellectual disabilities for nearly 10 years, which requires a statement from a physician that I am in good mental and physical health. I want to discuss what I am facing with a psychiatrist, but am afraid I would be disqualified from my license to provide care, which at that point I have little doubt I would follow through: My business allows me to have a great standard of living (in our book at least, but is upper-middle class in reality), provide full time jobs to several amazing people, and most of all have a positive and life-long impact on the individuals we serve. No longer being able to do all of the above and ending up in an unrewarding job for a small percentage of the pay, having to foreclose on my family and business’ homes, and giving up on our dreams of early retirement would, I believe, push me over the edge.

For these nearly 10 years I have worked at a minimum of 80 hours per week (as required by state rules), going up to 115 hours per week when an employee leaves. I am in the process of changing my license to one that does not require me to be there so much, but doing so will require a new statement from my physician showing I am in good mental health. If I go to him saying “I feel like driving my car off a cliff makes logical sense today”, I will have my license revoked and then actually would drive my car off the cliff I drive by at least 14 times a week.

I do not allow my condition to effect my work negatively. I have a strong “check your ‘baggage’ at the door” policy with myself and employees, so our personal issues do not show while at work. I have always been awesome at masking my issues from work and family, but has admittedly been getting more and more difficult to do well.

tl;dr Does my seeking help interfere with work? Will a physician state I am not in a sufficient state of mental health to continue my mentally-strenuous job of caregiving, if I do seek help? I’d love to call today to request an appointment but am afraid of losing my business license if I share my struggles.

