It's liberating, isn't it?What even is liberating anyway?

Appeal to hedonism, maybe existentialism, moral responsibility, spite or a kind of apathetic stoicism. I've heard it all.

If that is enough for you, I envy you.

This is difficult to put in words, I've written it over and over again. How do I convey using it words? Inaccurate metaphors which shape our lens of reality. I write a sentence, and delete two. It's quite difficult to put down. Too much to say and not enough time, I suppose

Perhaps I just have too much to say. I've never quite explained this to anybody irl, atleast in any detail. Perhaps in passing detail, or a quick remark about how unfortunate it is to be alive, but nothing i can say.

I perhaps have a morbid fascination with suffering and death. Both inevitable, and permeate to every corner of our lives, our mornings, afternoons, happiness, meals. They are everywhere, in far greater magnitudes than most else.

Yet... they are swept under the rug. With psuedo-empathic sweet nothings, by doing one's "part", by victim-blaming, ignoring it and calling it inevitable.

What a parasitical cycle,

we are born,

we consume

we conform

we consume

we conform

we consume

we conform

we rationalize

we lie

or ignore

we smile

we cry

and then we die

ultimately restarting the cycle for our offspring, in some asinine hope of a better world or some delusional altruism.

Burdened by the illusion of free will, we wake up everyday, our actions being orchestrated by a great invisible nothingness, like a bad play.

What meaningless suffering, what parasitic joy.

Maybe we can give life meaning, but it is far from our actions. We are a collection of cells, beyond "our" control. Who even are we?

It is tiring, to not say anything, to say silent as these words are passed. Words of hope and hapiness, delusional happiness with a very malignant, ugly meaning swimming under.

The suffering, the dissonance, the inevitability, with nobody to blame, the continuous cycle. Add a veil to to it all, and live on. Continue the life cycle, peasant. Like a mature adult. 

Everything you or I do is full of suffering. We exploit others to exist. Is that right? Can we justify that? 

But are we to blame? Can we really choose? Aren't we just surviving?

Ah, surviving, the ultimate noble cause. The thing that justifies it all. 

We live on, for the sake of normalcy, for the sake of this fleeting slip of fulfillment, meaning happiness that just keeps slipping out of our hands. In the end, it is only for the sake of seeing the sun rise again. It is for the sake of continuing the cycle. Inevitable, I suppose, for all of us.

&amp;#x200B;

Isn't it liberating then, to want to break free? It's liberating, isn't it? 

&amp;#x200B;

Or is it just another delusion, another orchestration in this grand play?

&amp;#x200B;

Sincerely,

a nobody.