i dont know what to doive been suicidal for a while now and i even came close to doing it recently. they night before i admitted to my boyfriend that i wanted to do this and it led to a long phone call of both of us crying and him begging me to stay. i couldn’t go through with it after that and sometimes i regret telling him. i still think about that night and i still think about wanting to kill myself. i had made plans to hang myself in my closet in my room and now everytime i look at my closet i see myself there dead. i have dysthymia and anxiety and tonight i feel hopeless. i feel like such a waste of time and energy. i want to die so badly and the only thing holding me back is thinking about my boyfriend. if it wasnt for him i wouldve done it already. we are in a long distance relationship and it’s very hard to fly out to each other. it feels like things are off between us but im probably overthinking. im always sad about something and i feel like im just causing him more stress by being here. that applies to my family as well. my mom and dad are separated and have been since i was born. i left my dads house to live with my mom after he became verbally and physically abusive towards me last summer. i cant get those thoughts out of my head. i want to die so badly but i cant stop thinking about how my boyfriend would feel. i feel so conflicted right now but i really i dont want to be here anymore. i feel so bad for thinking this when i have someone who cares about me. despite him telling me how much he loves me i cant seem to keep that in my head. i dont know whats wrong with me but i dont want to keep living if im going to continue to have episodes like this. im so close to just doing it. i feel so alone here. i have a therapist but it makes me uncomfortable to talk about stuff like this to her. the only people i have to talk to is my bestfriend and bf but i dont even want to bring this up to them because i know they’ll be sad and i dont want that. i hare myself so much i just want to end everything right now. sometimes i wish they didnt care as much so i could just die already. ive had these thoughts for a while and i know how to do it. i just cant think right rn and i feel so conflicted i dont know what to do right now

also sorry if this is all over the place im just really overwhelmed and im thinking of so many things i cant stay focused right now. i dont want to be here