Living every day, not living life every dayThere might be other people who may have felt the same way as me, but I don't want to exist right now. What I mean by that is, I can't straight up do self harm or think about suicide, but I also want to vanish from this world. Perhaps what I'm looking for right now is isolation, something where I get to be alone, away from any stress and away from the toxicity of the world. Though, if I were alone, I think that my thoughts are just going to straight up swallow me and kill me. Nothing's going my way anyway, and the pain is just too much.

I feel like a nobody, just living every single day, you know. Living every day, but not living my life every day. What's the point? If you're living, but you can't live a life, what's the point of living? It's just difficult to get up every morning, thoughts come in instantly soon as I wake up. It's just killing me every hour, every day, and I've no resources to stop it. I don't have what it takes to stop these thoughts. Add these thoughts with my current pain, and I get a raging current...

It's as if that I'm in a raging current, with a huge waterfall in the end that I cannot see. I can't find any way to get out of this raging current, and I don't have any resources to fight this current. I feel like I'm about to fall in the inevitable, a huge waterfall. I just can imagine myself crashing down that waterfall, time will tell and time is ticking.

At this point, I'm just posting it here because I really don't know if I have depression or anxiety or that I'm just suicidal. I've lost sense of anything and that I just want to completely vanish from this world. I want and need motivation for me to get up, but even that is not enough for me to get back up on my feet. I've been writing my journals since last year, but even that does not help. The thoughts, the pain is far greater than all the positive things that I've experienced in my lifetime.

I mean, a peaceful life would be a dream come true. Though, without resources, think that it'll take me years to achieve that one. I want a way out, but I just can't see one. Suicide is one of the ways of going out, you know what I mean, but even the thought of it scares me. Perhaps I might consider it, perhaps not. Time will tell and time is ticking...