I just want to find somewhere to die. I'm a piece of shit and this world is fucked anyway. [long vent]Don't even know why I'm posting this wall of text. I just can't fucking tell anyone else. I can't be weak. I'm not even able to cry.


I'm a postgraduate student doing a biomedical science related degree. Always focused on grades and did as I was told. The more I started getting into my subject of choice the more I started to hate it. Not like I can just turn back after investing so much of my life in it.


Now that I think of it, I only applied for it because I wanted to fuck off from home. Back when I was in high school my mom suffered a lot after my grandmother died. Every day she would just yell at me for petty things, sometimes throw shit around or break stuff. Sometimes I couldn't take it, but whenever I said something back it just got worse or she went full mental breakdown telling me how I hate her, how I don't love her and how I don't give a shit. Every day for three whole years, no exceptions. My dad just told me to shut up. Men shouldn't be like that. Studied my ass off to be able to move to uni in the UK.


Back to highschool: I was the fat nerd who liked video games. Usually got beat up or humiliated every single day. Fought back once and I broke someone's nose sending the guy to the hospital. Everyone said I overreacted to a "joke". Principal wasn't happy, parents believed me, but they weren't happy. The verdict was that next time I fuck up I'm flying off to a correctional facility. Bullying got worse, everyone was calling me a criminal now. Couldn't even fight back because I might fuck someone up again so I just took the beatings.


Started skipping most classes and studying at home at night. I just went to a nearby internet cafe during classes to play video games and get high with some people I met there. I don't regret it, that stuff kept me from killing myself. When it was closed I'd just wander aimlessly inadvertently getting into more trouble on occasion. It was also about the same time my first cat died after getting hit by a car. The only true friend I ever had. Got other pets after which are all fine at home now, but that black furry little fucker was the one I loved most. He was always there to help me 
get through day after day.


Came to the UK. Uni was as good as they said. Everyone was nice, too nice. I never managed to fit in. Never got into the whole drinking or clubbing thing and I didn't really have that much disposable income as others anyway. I just stayed at home studied and played video games most of the time. My relationship with my parents got better. Maybe they realized why I left, or they started to respect me or just wanted to believe the sweet lie of everything being ok. They just get so needy wanting to always talk and I'd want to tell them to just fuck off, but they support me from home and I think they do care for me in their fucked up way.


To top it off I have the worst porn addiction ever. Tried to stop it so many times now, but I just can't. My brain is so used to that dopamine rush. I'm 24 and I'm a virgin. Might explain why sexual frustration gets to me. Could be that I have a high sex drive. I might never know. I used to be a fat fuck with phimosis. I fixed both, but I'm not used to looking decent or being confident. I had a girl I really liked back in highschool. She asked me out at some point, but I rejected her partly out of fear that she might be doing it to make fun of me or that she might end up getting ridiculed as well after being seen with me. Second one was someone I met during my time at uni. Furthest we went was full makeout session, until tipsy me decided to fess up when she said my kissing skills were horrible. Bad idea, she said she couldn't do it anymore and left straight away. Didn't contact her again afterwards, I thought it would be pathetic.


So I actually tried not fapping and watching porn. My sexual frustration gets out of control. Most I managed to do it for was 1 month. Went out one day during that period, ended up trying to get phone numbers at a bar, got rejected, got shitfaced afterwards thinking I decided to stay and have a couple more drinks and the bouncer tried to kick me out. I flipped my shit and got in a fight with him after he started pushing me. Knocked him out and I think I broke his nose. Fucked right off at the speed of light, went home and had a wank. Decided not to drink or frequent bars again.


Recently, after I started my postgrad, life hasn't been that bad. Made a lot of friends and somehow I'm even popular. But all they see is the mask I put on. They even admire the fact that I'm a mysterious unyielding brick wall. Even got some girls from my course interested in me, but they're just interested in something casual. I don't really wanna go there again or risk this crap getting out. In a sense I'm surrounded by people yet still fucking alone.


I'm thinking of just going back home to join the army. Maybe that'll help me find a place to die for no reason and be forgotten. I'm just stuck in the past, I barely even feel alive. I wish someone could just beat me up until I'm within an inch of death and maybe I'll find a reason to live.


Never told anyone any of this crap. Not my friends, not my family. They just tell me I have no reason to be depressed, because I've kept all this shit to myself. Until now.