Not really suicidal, per se, but I don't know who else to talk to...I don't know how to explain what's going on. You know that feeling when there's a pebble in your shoe, but circumstances prevent you from removing it. It doesn't really hurt, bit it's annoying and it makes you irritable to the point where you just want to strangle someone. Sometimes I feel like that, but there's no pebble. It's like I just feel so angry at nothing and I can't get it out of my head sometimes.

Then other times, it seems like nothing can possibly go right and I can barely get out of bed in the morning. I just feel tired, physically and emotionally, just drained. It doesn't seem to matter whether or not I got enough sleep or anything.

Then other times I feel fine. I am very optimistic and look forward to the future, bit like not in a normal, healthy way. More like I ignore or dismiss anything negative and focus solely on the positive to the point that things that actually need attention become bigger problems.

I have had suicidal thoughts many times (at least daily for many long stretches over the past few years), but I don't particularly struggle with it. I am a fairly rational person and have been able to convince myself it wasn't a good idea by simply reminding myself that it would be irresponsible to abandon my family (I have a wife and two children) or by deciding that today is not a good day for killing myself, maybe tomorrow. Suicidal contemplation is fairly routine for me, but doesn't hold much weight in terms of intent.

Anyway, I am a Marine vet who had been out for about four years. Three Marines I know of from my old unit have committed suicide, all after getting out, not all good friends of mine at the time, but had been while we were in. I have had difficulty adjusting myself. It feels extremely lonely. I talk to my wife about it sometimes, but I don't know how to explain the way it feels in a way she would understand. She is a wonderful person who has stuck with me through my entire time in the Marine Corps and since. I try not to put to much of a burden on her with this stuff. I have a hard time communicating any of this out loud.

Sometimes I get a sudden overwhelming sense of stress/dread/fear/I don't know. I have found simple repetitive tasks like solving Rubik's cubes, working jigsaw puzzles, constructing LEGO sets, etc. to be very soothing and help me to get my thoughts under control. Anything where I can focus on something simple that requires most of my attention, but very little actual thought and reasoning.

Anyway, I kind of rambled a bit here. Sorry. If anyone actually did take the time to read it, thanks. I'm not really looking for advice or anything. Mostly just venting.