Betrayed by my biggest support systemI live and grew up in a really religious family. I’ve been clinically diagnosed with anxiety, depression, and borderline personality disorder. I’ve struggled with suicidal ideation for a large part of my life. 


When my psychologist first asked me who I go to immediately when I’m feeling that way, I said my younger sister. She was a really bad sister when we were younger in terms of often feeling guilty and being on our parents side more than mine, but she grew up and went through a sort of metamorphic stage where she learned to control her guilty conscious, make her own morals, and stop telling our parents every bad thing she did (including stuff I did, that she’d tell on me for). We grew really close over the past two years or so. Like inseparable. Constantly on the same wavelength, and I was so happy to have at least /one/ family member I can rely on. I grew up being the black sheep because of my outspoken lack of religious views and sometimes loud political opinions my parents disagreed with. Everyone knew I was the bad kid because I didn’t follow our religion well and came out as agnostic around 14. I had no one growing up, really. They all distanced themselves from me to look good in our parents’ eyes. 

I’ve let her in on every detail of my life as our trust grew. I let her know everything I was up to, and have done. She started to bother me about more casual stuff, like hey, you did weed and alcohol, why cant I. And I’d say we live at home, I can’t drive, its too tough. But she’d continuously ask and follow me around asking to help hook her up, so I remember starting to help her? Like a friend bought a bottle of soju and she took a couple sips in the car, and I let her drink the rest of the bottle (fruit soju, very small percent of alcohol) once we got home and then she slept it off, perfectly safe. I got her to try something she wanted in a safe environment. Months later she found out I smoked weed once and started pestering me to get her edibles to try, and this went on for two weeks. I ended up getting edibles for myself and let her try some. 

Yesterday, she went to my parents and told them every single thing I have ever confided in her for. Kissing girls, kissing guys, my tattoo, my social alcohol and weed use that I am not dependent on either for, and use maybe briefly bimonthly if that, my club adventures when I went abroad, my ex-boyfriend, everything. She came to me a few days before this and said she was starting to feel more religious, and I said ok. She was like you’re not mad? I said no. There’s nothing to say. It’s your choice. She then explicitly reassured me by saying, don’t worry, just because I feel that way, doesn’t mean I’ll stop accepting you or say anything regarding what you’ve told me. She then went and told my parents not only stuff she might have mentally felt the need to get off her chest actually involving her, but things about my past she wasn’t even involved with. She gave away everything. All my secrets. 

My parents came into my room last night and we argued. They were angry and disappointed. Insinuated at them wanting me to get the fuck out of the house sooner rather than later. Insinuated that I was forcing my siblings down a darker path, that I made them do the things she did. Said they believed I was gonna fall off the road, and I’d never be able to become a lawyer. I’m a 3.7 gpa student in my second year of college. Straight A kid in high school. I always do my best. 

I lost it. Everything hurt so bad. A pillar underneath me disappeared, and I got stabbed in the back at the same time. I was drowning. I called a friend to try and stop the bad feelings, but it didn’t work, and I hung up ready to end it, and the cops came to my house and took my medications to give to a different family member. My mom collapsed while they were here, then got up after and refused to be checked by EMS. My dad asked the cop if I was just doing this for attention. I left the house with a friend and came back in the afternoon, and now its 2 am, and I haven’t talked to any of them. My friends were so supportive and nice in helping me out, but I feel alone on the inside. I feel empty on the inside. 

I’m afraid I’ll try again, but this time I’ll be smart enough not to call anyone first. I don’t have a family.