I have lost all passions to do anything. What was once fun is now just a hassle.All of my passions and hobbies do nothing for me now. Everything I once loved to do just bores me and just isn’t fun anymore. My favorite activity is to lay in bed. 

Just so fucking lonely and bored with my existence. There’s not a thing I can think of that can get my gears going. Videos games, fucking trash and does nothing for my life. Football, I waisted away my years being stupid and not even trying in high school and will obviously never be able to play the game again. Can’t even watch a game of football without feeling embarrassed because of how disappointing and stupid I played. 

 Been playing guitar for several years but I can’t pick it up without just putting it back down. My favorite music and inspirations like Nirvana, the Beatles, and Marilyn Manson just sound bland and boring to me. I lost my athletic figure because of anorexia and now that I have gained back weight I’m now fat with stretch marks from my stomach to my man boobs. 

My ex fiancé is a sack of shit, has serious bipolar and mantic depression. Hope that bitch dies.

I just feel like I’m getting to the point I don’t give a fuck and I might just say fuck it and live on heroin. Or rob a house, hell maybe a store. I don’t know. I’ve never done heroin or robbed anybody, but at this point what do I got to lose. 

Maybe joining in the military and forcing my way into combat some how just to go out guns ablazing, if I die fuck it, at least it was for you all, at least it was for bettering the illusion/fake world that we live in. Doing those things seems more right than anything else I can think of. 

Besides my 90 year old grandma I don’t really care for anybody else. Fuck the rest of my family for all I care. They aren’t the worst in the world but at this point Idgaf. They make me feel like a Ni****(i’m Black) and utter worthless trash, like I’m scum of the earth. But in reality I’m not even a bad guy. 

I ran a multi million dollar restaurant. And my family respected me and cared about me then, but I quit because I was helping this guy make millions in profits while he did nothing and I was only being paid a salary of 20,000 a year while working 7 days a week 14-15 hours a day. Now my family thinks I’m just a bum again. Don’t get me wrong that’s a decent chunk of change, but when I’m crunching numbers, paying yoursll of your day to day bills and businesses bills, overseeing your other companies FOR YOU and running your main franchise business, while working 14 hours a day 7 days a week, and I’m basically only getting paid $4-$5 an hour, god damn it dude I should have fucking stole his money and murdered his sorry ass. Guy couldn’t even give me a day off when I asked for one. After I left I come to find out my replacement is making close to 6 figures, does only a quarter of what I did and has 4 days off. FUCKING KILL ME NOW!!!!!!

Now, I work at a fucking Taco Bell. What is sad is I’m happier at work than I’ve ever been, pretending to be the nice guy who makes sure everyone is okay and doing an amazing job. Now I actually have a life, and only work till 2pm everyday with 3 days off. But to be honest I think working sucks and to be honest I don’t give a fuck about those people either. Just something about being in front of others, being a leader, and being scared to act how I really feel.... which is to get in my car, drive off a cliff and blow out my fucking skull with my gloc mid fall. 

I just don’t know how to deal with this. And to be quite honest I don’t even want to fix it. I just wish the news would come out tomorrow and say they’ve found out there is no god and when you die you become nothing. I’d be the first recorded suicide.

I’d do anything in the world to be able to Talk to Kurt Cobain and see how he truly felt about life and everything. I just relate so much with the guy, and now I’m thinking about ending myself the same way he did. 