I’m doneI know this is a shitty thing to post, but I don’t really fucking care.

To start, I cannot sleep for a multitude of reasons and I haven’t been able sleep easily for as long as I can remember being alive. Most of it honestly stems from a lack of ideal sleeping conditions, but I can’t seem to fix these conditions despite my best efforts. If you do not have severe sleep issues, I understand it’s hard to fathom the dramatic consequences of this. Do you know what it feels like to be severely, clinically sleep deprived for years and years? Probably not. I’m happy for you. I’m fairly certain my depression and all my other mental illnesses are aggravated by my lack of ability to sleep, but nothing I’ve tried ( I’ve tried literally everything) has fixed me. 

So. My sleep has been even worse recently and I want to kill myself; I’m really done with everything. The problem is that recently I’m literally too exhausted to even figure out the proper way to do it so I won’t fuck up. I’ve planned this a million times before, but never put it into action. I want to take care of everything before I go so it won’t be a huge bitch for everyone else, but I don’t have the energy. I need advice on how to get the energy to be able to take care of things before I end it. I’m not even mentally capable enough to feel confident I’ll be able to think of everything I need to take care of. Also - and let me make this very clear - even if it were still possible to fix my sleep and cure my mental illnesses, I still want to kill myself now. I’m done. I’ve struggled enough at this point in life in general that even if the remainder of my life is mental ecstasy, it wouldn’t even make up for the rest. I just need help on how to do this right. I don’t even know what I’m asking because most of you all aren’t going to give me suicide advice even though that’s what I really need. I need someone to help me for once with this. I know if you’re not someone who suffers from severe depression, anxiety, shame, and/or someone who has slept more than 1 hour in three days you will likely think I’m being dramatic and “it will get better!” Ok. I don’t give two fucks if it gets better, I need out. I’d like to have it all taken care of before the end of October and I will take any suggestions or advice.