i’ve thought about suicide since i was five but for the first time in my life i think i’m going to do it.to shorten a long and boring story, i’m 16, anorexic, diagnosed with ocd, depression, and bdd, attempting to recover, and my life has become miserable and i hate myself more than ever before. 

i’ve always had a distorted view of myself, since i was a little girl. it’s sad to think of myself in nursery comparing my body to my friends’ and thinking my thighs were too big for the rest of my body, but to be honest it’s just how things are — it got a lot lot worse in secondary school, when i was bullied for my weight and more. this, as i remember it, was my first depressive episode. i began to cut and contemplate killing myself every day, lost interest in everything, became painfully shy and scared of the world. i turned into a cruel and angry person as a defence mechanism at just 13.

now i’m 16, and i started losing weight one year ago. i was tired of hating myself. tired of my low self esteem and fat, revolting body. i hated every single inch of it; i can’t specify a weight, but i’ve dropped to a size 0, people have commented on my weight, and probably the biggest indicator of weight loss, i’m in an eating disorder service — and my body still makes me sick. all i see is the ugly and lonely fat girl in the mirror; all i can focus on is my legs and my bloated stomach from the increased intake. i’ve been forced into recovery by my parents, the only reason i’d ever want to recover is so they could stop worrying about me. i wish i could put into words how much i despise my body but i can’t even understand it myself, i just hate it no matter what. i have no motivation to do anything other than look at old photos before i went into recovery, cry, and compare them to now. i hate myself. 

i don’t want to talk about my ocd or depression because they’re more of a background noise right now. they just drown  everything out. my depression makes me unmotivated and numb, my ocd makes me neurotic and anxious. my life revolves around nothing but my body, numbers, mirror checks, and vomiting. i’m a disgusting human being. 

i’m so ungrateful for everything i have and all i’ve been given. i have a loving family, the best friends i could ever ask for,  an amazing boyfriend who loves me, a great social life, straight A* grades, and i still hate my life. i hate myself for not being able to see how perfect my life is and i hate myself for being fucked up and not being able to live life to the fullest because of my stupid fucking head. 

i’ve been beating myself all day and have fresh bruises up my legs and across my arms. i have pale skin and i think they look kind of pretty against them. they’re the only thing that’ll ever be pretty on me. i don’t care how many people tell me i’m gorgeous or unreal or how small i am. i’m literally going to kill myself if i carry on like this. i wish i could shrink into nothingness for the longest amount of time and just not have to FEEL anything. i’m sick of emotions. i don’t want to recover because i don’t want to gain weight because if i gain weight i’ll be fat, whether it’s one kilogram or ten. i literally just want wine and a hug for fuck’s sake can someone just make me feel less lonely before i hurt myself again i’m just scared and don’t feel safe in my own body :(