I don't have a reason to leave.Hello reddit! I came here for any help I cna find because I think I'm losing it.  
Firstly I'd like to mention that even though most of redditors on this sub had a verry hard and unforgivable past and I'm probably nowhere near to those stories, the efects are the same for me as well.  
So I'm a 20 yo boy that got everything wrong in life. I failed at everything I ever tryed. (school, social life, friends, job(s), university(s), etc.). My mom was always way to protective with us and I strongly belive that she transformed me and my brothers into anxious, shy depresed, useless 20+ babies. Because of how litle I got to experience when I was under 18, now I'm to anxious and afraid to do anything, things that seem so simple and normal for most people are just insanely stressfull for me. Things like, talking to someone, not beeing awkward, pay a bil, etc. On this syde of the problem I m simply not prepared for life, but I can live with that, or so i thaught.  
My most pressing problem would be the fact that I just moved on my own( with my sister) in another town and just like before, I got no friends. Because 1. I'm simply to anxious around new ppl, to scared to be myself, witch btw, is better if it stays hidden  
[2. In](https://2.In) the last 2 yaers I just kinda lost the understanding of others, I don't understand the reason behind ppl activityes, or what drives them to do anything. I lost the sense of life.  
3. Now everything got to a peak. I don't have a purpose in life, I lost all my litle joys such as gaming, FAP, chill with my family ( due to lack of friends of course). And i'm stuck with a job witch I don't know why m I going to for  


All in all, I've got no purpose, no joy left, no friends, no hobies, nothing...  


I spoke with my brother about it and when I said to him that i want ti kms he replyed with  
"that would be a double kill, because I wouldn't be able to take it"  
My parents would probably pop If i even mention suicide so I'm kinda blackmailed by my family to stay alive (I'm not living, I'm just killing time)  


No purpose... If there is anyone out there that can help me, please try, I'm at the end of my road.