i dont have a safe place &amp; im stucki dont expect any responses/interaction i really just need to scream this somewhere

i dont have any friends anymore and im horrible at socializing so i cant make any more friends. i cant get a job despite trying my best. i live with my mom because she lives 2 blocks from my college so moving out makes no financial sense. but she is horrible and is a covid denier/anti mask and i have had lung problems my whole life. her coworker has tested positive for covid but she wont get tested. my sister lives 2 hours away but is moving 10 hours away and is stressing out because my mom was supposed to drive her but the person my sister is moving in with is immunocompromised and sense my mom refuses to get tested we cant risk it. i wont be able to say goodbye to her because of this. shes the only family member i have left. im so worried about her because she has mental problems as well so i wish she wasnt moving at all. she has ocd that causes her to think that things she does effects the world in crazy ways. for example she got a mac miller tattoo and days later he died, she decided to move to st louis and covid hit, and she took her friend to a concert and he OD'd. she told me if i killed myself it would be her fault because we just got close. thats the only thing keeping me alive because if she blamed herself for me i would hate that. but today i couldnt stand to be in the house with my mom but i ended up parking my car in the woods for 4.5 hours to hide from her. i kind of mildly overdosed on painkillers while there (like ~4500 mg ibuprofen) just for the distraction. im back home now and im just throwing up in my mouth and swallowing it back down so she doesnt hear me throwing up and get mad. she accused me of being high when i got home even though i dont smoke or drink.  i guess i was / am technically high though from the excess painkillers. but im just so tired and stuck and i dont want to be here and i dont even have the freedom to kms in peace