I've lost everything...I'm 30F, will be 31 in a couple months if I make it..

I've always been a loner... Raised by my grandparents, basically an only child, no friends, no cousins or neighbors to hang out with, I was always alone...

In July 2019 I met the man that I wanted to spend my life with, the person who would make it so that I was never alone again... Now, a year and a half later, I feel more alone than I've ever felt... He is no longer attracted to me, he doesn't tell me he loves me, I really feel like he wants me gone but just hasn't told me... I love him with everything I am and absolutely don't want to live without him.

He made me feel love and comfort like I have never felt before, he made me fall so hard for him and I was open and vulnerable with him... He made me want to be a better version of myself... Then, it was all gone... He wanted to sleep around, he wanted his exes, he wanted other girls... He couldn't see himself with me because I don't eat enough veggies and I'm not consistent with exercise.. I've lost 40+ lbs since we started dating, gained some back and lost it again... I've really tried to make him happy but it seems like no matter what I do I'll never be enough.. 

I lay in bed at night and hold him silently begging him to love me the way I love him... We've had a good few weeks but yesterday he gave me the silent treatment... It was because since Thanksgiving I've been slacking with working out and I grabbed a garbage snack for lunch..  I started a new job the week before Thanksgiving and I've been so exhausted I can barely drive home some evenings..

I became jobless in July so I'm trying to readjust to working and the hours are long/late in the evening...

This morning he left for a training for a few days, no hug no kiss no nothing...

I feel so hollow and broken...

I believe with every ounce of my being that he is who I am meant to spend my life with and I feel like he wants me gone, which means my life is over..

On an unrelated topic he told me the other day that if something ever happened to me he'd take care of our cats and find a new home for our dogs.. Without him in my life, our pets have been the only reason I've stuck around the previous years... So now that I know they'd be safe after my death, it has made me think a little more about being done with it all..

I'm not pretty, I'm not skinny, I'm not in a career, for all intents and purposes, I'm a failure...

I have spent the last year and a half trying to be the best partner for him I could be and I have failed at that as well..

He buys into the red pill theory so he thinks all women are users and abusers and that if we break up that I'd be in another relationship asap... It breaks my heart to think that he doesn't understand the way I feel about him or that he views me as someone who is so easily replaced...

Part of me wants to just end it now, close myself in the bathroom and pull the trigger... Part of me wants him to just text or call and say I love you and pull me back to him..

I just don't know which part is bigger right now...

My dream is to be his wife... Stay home, take care of him, take care of the home, focus on myself and becoming a better me..

The last few months I've been home but so stressed about money because I wasn't working and had zero income... I sold what I could and ran up a credit card to keep the pets fed and bills paid..

I don't want to struggle anymore, I don't want to struggle with money, I don't want to struggle thinking I'm not good enough, I don't want to struggle with my relationship... I just want to be free of it all.. Since happy go lucky stay at home wife isn't in the cards, I feel like my only option is just to be done with it all.. Let him be free of me.. Let him enjoy his life with whomever he wants to...

I'm so broken right now...