Why suicide makes sense to meSo, I'm not going to bore you by going into the nitty gritty details of my life, because among the many reasons I'd be considering suicide is that I just don't feel like anyone cares or would care. It's cliche, I know, and I know just as well that any response to this is going to include a "Don't worry, I care," but at the end of the day, we all know that if I offed myself tonight, no one on Reddit would ever really know or remember, and since this is a throwaway account, no one will ever even know anything about me or who I am, so it's pointless to play that game.

In short, the reasons behind my considerations essentially stem from feeling completely alone. Not just in the sense that I have no one, but in the sense that I feel completely detatched from humanity. Every day, I grow more and more distant from the rest of the human race, increasingly feeling like I live on a different plane of existence than the rest of the people who make up this world. It really has been getting worse; I used to be great at talking to people, but now I am crippingly socially inept, rendered unable to make small talk with people and totally afraid of having interactions with most people that last longer than 10 seconds. I've had undiagnosed OCD since I was a little kid; not OCD as in I need to make sure everything is really clean, OCD as in I need to climb all staircases in multiples of four, and position my hands in my desk in a certain way to cover certain spots on my desk while I'm typing, and perform repeated actions like tapping a desk with my wrist a certain number of times and with each hand equally, and do this thing where I close my right eye and cover objects a certain number of times with the bridge of my nose. That last thing, and a bunch of other awful quirks that make me look and sound stupid, make it really difficult for me to operate in public anymore, and they are getting worse (and more numerous) which gives me even more anxiety about going out into public.

But anyway, I said I wouldn't bore you with those details; just know that those and many other things have led me to consider that my life is in a terrible state and that, more importantly, it will never recover from that state. It will only continue to get worse and worse, or at the very least, it won't get better. I am essentially invisible to the world, no one out there is really willing to help me; there is one girl who knows about my suicidal thoughts but, God bless her, there is really nothing she can do for me. The world ignores me and it will continue to do so. Life is just a ride I'd prefer to get off.

So ANYWAY, given all that, here is my thought process. Imagine you could quantify the whole of your human experience on a scale of 0 to 100. 100 is the greatest, most pleasurable experience you can possibly imagine, and 0 is the most hellish, terrible existence you can possibly imagine. Now let's say for arguments' sake that right now, I am at a 20. Emotionally crippled, no ability to operate in the world, a crushing feeling of emptiness and the repeated reminders that no one will ever see me as anything other than a face in the crowd. It's not a 0, of course; I have a job and a roof over my head and plenty of food and money, but everything taken together, we'll say it's a 20. Well, given this, realize also that death is the great unknown. Nobody has the slightest clue what happens after death. Even if you're religious, you don't REALLY know what happens, you can only take God's word for it, and in general since we rely on mere faith anyway, there is no way to truly know. From this, it's clear that our experience after death has an equal chance to fall anywhere on that 0-100 range. It could be 0, just the most awful experience one can imagine. It can be a 100, the greatest pleasure one can fell. It can even be 50, which I'll call just a nothingness between pleasure and pain which is perfectly neutral. But if I believe my life is not going to get any better than 20, that means the uncertainty of experience after death would give me an 80% chance to have suicide improve my quality of existence to some degree. 80%! Those are excellent odds. Even if there is no experience after death, the nothingness of it would wipe away the pain I feel now, which would be a big plus. But even more than that, even if that 80% doesn't come through and experience after death is even worse than my current life, it's not THAT much worse according to degree. Sure, maybe the experience is a 10 or a 0, but I'm already at a 20; it's certainly worse, but it's still no match for the inverse; what if I can go all the way up to 80, or 100? That level of experiential increase over my current state would be absolutely glorious; it ends up being a very low-risk, high-reward proposition. Why is that a chance I wouldn't want to take?

Maybe I'm just drinking my own Kool-Aid here, but honestly, this logic feels airtight to me. As long as you truly believe your life isn't going to get any better, it seems to make perfect logical sense to kill yourself to try to improve things somehow. Worst case scenario (and less likely to occur) is that your existence gets marginally worse, but best case scenario (and more likely to happen) is that your existence gets significantly better. I hope I don't encourage anyone to commit suicide here, because I do genuinely care about the well-being of everyone, even strangers, but I hold my own life in much lower regard which is why I am using this logic as a rationale for the possibility of taking my own life.