It follows me around everywhere. I can't trust my own mind. I'm trapped and I'm on my own.It was summer (2015) and I'd just finished my first year of university. I had a falling out with my flatmate and was subsequently made homeless for a month which is when my mental health issues began.


I started hearing voices, something I never thought would happen to me. But clear as day I could hear them outside of my head. The paranoia hit me next and then I became delusional. I was no longer homeless but the symptoms persisted and before my first day of second year I was admitted to hospital.

I got through my second year but suffered psychosis throughout. I was on and off my meds. The voices were daily but I got used to them. I was working part-time to pay my rent/bills and determined to complete my studies. That following summer (16') I had another episode and was put in hospital again.


The summer of 2017 I graduated but afterwards things really changed and I had my worst episode to date. I lived in my bedroom for about 3 months. I was paranoid of my flatmates, believing they were manipulating me. During this time I lived off dry snack food because I didn't want to use the kitchen. When I was too scared to use the bathroom I would pee in a plastic bottle instead and get rid of it the following day. I became a prisoner in my own room. I stopped functioning completely and the threat of homelessness was coming up again.

So I moved out and I found a place to live which is where I live now. My room is big. I have a desk for my studies and I got myself another part-time job but this time it was one I actually liked. I got my degree and I started my MA course. I thought everything was finally going well for me after a chaotic two and a half years. But slowly the psychosis has been creeping back and I no longer have the energy to fight it.


I don't think my flatmates are conspiring against me but I have developed the same feelings from before. I stay in my room, I avoid the kitchen and once or twice I've peed in a bottle to avoid the bathroom. I don't feel comfortable and I cannot afford to move anywhere else. It's hard to find somewhere for just one person too. I'm struggling financially as it is and my rent is a lot cheaper than my friends. Even though I work a few days a week I can't take any more shifts on otherwise I won't have time for my assignments.

But I'm starting to think that there's something wrong with me and no matter where I move these kinds of problems will follow me around. If my flatmate is in the flat then I probably won't shower that day. I haven't cooked a meal for myself in weeks even though I want to.

I'm struggling with my assignments at uni now. I'm trying to juggle my job, my coursework and my mental health. I feel like I'm not going to be able to continue on as I am for much longer until it all gets too much and I shutdown completely. 

I want time to stop moving so I can fucking breath sometimes but it keeps moving and the pressure keeps building. I've really tried to survive this on my own and I've done so for some time now. I'm sick of this illness coming back when I least expect it to. 

My head feels funny all the time. I feel anxious all the time. I'm losing weight again from not cooking and I'm wasting money eating out when it would be cheaper to make things at home.

This situation of being trapped in my room is getting to me again and I can't see a way out because financially I'm pretty much trapped here. I just want this shit to stop and I want to be normal. I want to just go to the kitchen and feel OK.

I hate that my brain feels broken/damaged. I hate that barely anyone understands what this is like. I've never even felt that suicidal in the past but I'm tired of struggling and I'm lonely and I can't even get myself help because I'm trying my best to continue with my coursework/uni. I can't afford time off and I can't seem to afford not taking time off.

I needed to rant. I haven't made a plan but I'm contemplating it every day. sometimes I really just want to do it, other times I try to say "just one more day". 

Most times I just want someone to hold me for a while and reassure me but I need things to slow down. I want to keep juggling everything and get through this but sometimes I just want to snap so I can hit rock bottom and build myself back up again. Then I think about just quitting it all and it's like I don't want to die but I don't know how to keep living.