If I take 13 mg of klonopin and a ton of booze will I end up in the hospital, the morgue, or just late for work? Currently taking .5 a day.Everything is sort of falling apart. I don’t like the idea of leaving but the reality of my situation is that things probably won’t get better because I just don’t have the energy. My current, as far as I know, boyfriend, is upset at my lack of sex drive and my inability to change myself. I work 6am to afternoon to avoid crowds of people. I take lexapro because of anxiety. I have klonopin because a thyroid disorder often sends me into obsessive panic attacks. I’m on probation so I can’t smoke weed to cure the sex drive issue (and many others) that’s mostly driven by other meds. I got a dui and my car is in the shop. So in addition to repairs and court fees I will have to deal with high risk insurance. I also cut my hours down at my retail job in June and lost my employer health insurance (by three shifts) for the next six months. I’ve applied other places but they are out of bus range. He just says to change. I normally don’t respond well to men telling me to change. I know there are issues I need to fix but the reality is that there are things out of my control. 
I’m just getting tired of myself. Apparently I use others as a punching bag. I genuinely want things to be better but I have no money to help anyone except myself and that’s barely. 
I hate doctors. I hate feeling trapped. Being in a hospital would be hell. 
This solution seems like the easiest. But I have a limited supply of things that wouldn’t send me into a very uncomfortable eyes and ears bleeding slumber. 
I know I only have a limited time of probation, I guess the issue is that I really thought this person was going to be by my side regardless of issue and now I’ve apparently turned into a pile of human garbage that drinks and watches cartoons all day. 
I can’t apply to other jobs until I have my car. 
I won’t be able to pay for insurance for my car until I get another job. 
And I have a very low tolerance for people (without sex drive diminishing pills which is apparently a huge problem) and no college education and no way to pay for one. 
I’m upset I was asked to change myself repeatedly. 
Fuck it.
