I'm worried about my Dad.  Advice or perspective appreciated.My Dad is in his late sixties and is going through the hardest experience in his life.  He's a workaholic and has recently sold his business which he viewed as the majority of his self-identity.  The sale of the business could not have gone worse - our family was deceived by people who we felt were honest and trustworthy.  They are in fact, very cruel and nasty people.

  He has recently started saying things that have our family concerned, and my family (except for he and I) is several hours away until Saturday.  I should first say that he never really shows any emotions except for anger (alot of anger lately over the way the business sale went).  He has started apologizing for things he did to me in my childhood and almost broke down crying on the phone last night.  He has, either jokingly or sarcastically, made the statement to my Mom that he should "just put a bag over his head, it would be better than working with the Smiths (new business owners who he is still working with).  He has also talked about how he really misses his father who died about 7 years ago.  Made vague statements of how since he sold the business, he's 'just a nobody now'.  This is all very out of character for him, he never shows hardly any emotion and has never apologized for anything his whole life.  He's also been a very moral person, never breaking any laws aside from a speeding ticket, but a few days ago he did something very illegal for which he'll be arrested if he is caught (I prefer not to say what it was - nothing violent, just very reckless and stupid.)

  He is still working with the new owners of his business, I have tried to convince him to leave that stressful situation, he probably will leave on his own or be fired by the owners because they are constantly fighting.

  I am just not sure how to deal with him making statements of doing drastic and dramatic things.  I don't know if he's going to hurt himself or not.  He is a very emotional closeted person - if he was going to kill himself I think he would just do it and not reach out for help.  

  Thanks for reading.  I am spending some time with him each day, but I thought I might find a new perspective or some advice here.  He has agreed to see a therapist with me (this itself is a shock - he has a very low opinion of therapists/psychologists) but we may not be able to have this appointment for another week.

  I am just emotionally overwhelmed and needed to vent, and I really don't know if my Dad is considering suicide or not.  He's the kind of person who would probably make a sudden, drastic decision if he were to do anything.