I feel like I've done everything I can for my suicidal, depressed partner. Help?We're both 26, recent graduates and working full time. I took a job in another state making our relationship long distance just a few months ago but we have dated for just over three years now. Recently I've become increasingly concerned about my partner's mental well-being and even my own. She lives with her parents who are abusive and controlling but needs them to assist with housing and loans. Though she has many connections with people from school and her church, she frequently tells me how she has no one close other than myself.

She also often tells me in passing how she wants to die. I have also had many nights where I have stayed up on the phone listening to her and trying to calm her down from these thoughts of suicide. Nights where she tells me she is going to kill herself and disconnects her phone leaving me to call her parents to check on her. Some nights where I have been inches from calling 911 out of concern for her safety. Afterwards she criticizes me for trying to help her and stop her from hurting herself. She tells me that if I really cared for her, that I wouldn't try to seek help from her parents or 911 (she feels threatened and unsafe in the presence of both). I understand that depression can make someone say things they really don't mean. Regardless, I feel like I have become somewhat numb to it and I repeat the same things to her over and over. I managed to convince her to talk to a therapist but she only ended up doing one or two sessions, saying that she confirmed that it wasn't right for her. I've also tried having her consider talking to a doctor about her depression to no avail.

I often feel angry and frustrated, not knowing what else I can do. It's weighing me down a lot, so I am mostly writing to tell someone out there what I've been going through. I've broken down in tears several times writing this as I've not really come to terms of where our relationship is at. The more the depression has impacted my partner, the more disconnected I feel from her. I love her so much and want her to be happy and safe, but it feels like nothing is changing or ever will. She needs constant support and monitoring to ensure she is okay, so leaving her would mean that I am accepting the fact that she may hurt herself. I can't help but imagine I would feel responsible for something like that.

What should I do if my partner refuses professional help, has no one close to talk with, and I can't provide the emotional support that she needs?