Im feeling lost and have no clue what to doI'm 21.. and I don't know what to do anymore.
I used to have dreams, hobbies, happiness, goals and a purpose to keep trying for a better life. But now.. i don't.
I have a little problem with social skills... I don't know how to express my feelings into words, to communicate with the others, even just a normal conversation. I have been silent for too long that i almost forgot how to speak, even in my own mother language. I don't have any friends and i can't make new friends because i can't trust anyone and i'm really afraid... to say goodbye. 
I used to not be like this... To be honest, i miss my old self.
I used to be a naughty, talkative, energetic kid because i want my mom attention, to be accepted and loved... and cause i also hate school. I've always felt marginalized, unwanted and inferior to my siblings... I envy them. Im not good at anything but i still want her to look at me and talk to me and hug me... We finally did, she finally looked at me and tried to understand what's inside my head. I was really happy till we found out she has cancer, stage 3. My father came back from nowhere after left us with debt,... to be with mom and help the hospital bills. Its still haunting me when she was crying in agony, begging to be dead and apologized for leaving her kids behind...
Im... dying. I shut down eveything, locked myself and tried to kill myself. My father is dating someone right after my mom died. He left the house, took my little brother with him. My mind is completely blank, I dont know what to think nor say. It just empty... It was bad at that time but i got over it and stood up, working on a new goal.
I went to college, multimedia art school. My father hate it and against me going to art school because he doesn't like my art. So I studied alot to get good grades to prove that he is wrong. I have had 3 jobs at once to earn more money for school and subsistence fee. I tried my best to make new friends and I met my first love in college. Things went well until shit happened... I've been betrayed by my first love, tricked by my co-workers and the clients didn't pay me. I got really sick and its keep getting worse ( I have lost more than 20kg due to sickness, stress and insomnia ). I have a fear of asking for help, but at that time i have no choice so i took all my brave to ask my family and friends for help... And they turned me down
I gave up... It's awful. My scores getting worse each day no matter how hard i tried. Everything just collapsed and i can't hold on anymore. I quit my jobs, dropped out of my school, locked myself again... I have started to sleep a lot, the longest is nearly 3 days and still feel tired and always tired... End up spent nearly a year just lying in bed, doing nothing!! I tried again. I went out and find a job that fit me and tried again. I found a new hobby, and spent all the money i have saved to learn tattooing. I really think it's going to work this time, but once again i failed. Im a fool, a failure... Im useless, worthless,, I cant do anything right or think properly. People are so selfish, mean, ungraceful, judgmental and deceivable!! They are terrifying me. Im so tired, of everything. I just want to meet my mom, hug her and go to sleep with her... forever.
Im tired, im good for nothing. I dont have any purpose to keep trying. Im afraid of going outside, talking to people. I have so many negative thoughts and it keep drowning me. I cant go out anymore. My art suck, no one like it!! Everyone is a liar. No matter how much i try, things will never change. I cant do anything, Im stuck... Father is going to sell my mom's house to pay the debt... I dont get along well with my siblings, family... I have tried too much, I pretend to be alright, always fake a smile so people stop asking and giving me more pressure. But now... I dont know what to do now... I dont even know what to think...