I can't do this anymore, I just need to escape.tl;dr - reasons for killing myself / venting about my shitty situation

I've been having severe suicidal thoughts for the most part of this year following a big break up, go as far as planning attempts and even writing letters to friends and family. I never acted on these thoughts and I genuinely thought I was starting to get better around October after being in uni for a month studying something I'm really passionate about. Since my breakup I guess I've been sleeping around a lot, hooking up with people as a way to escape the feelings of despair I was feeling, and it worked to a certain extent and having met loads of new friends I felt like I was finally putting my suicidal thoughts behind me.

A few weeks back I hooked up with this girl from tinder and she unfollowed my instagram 2 days after we slept together, so I figured I was just a one night stand to her as it has been with other girls since coming to uni. But at the start of this week she got in touch to tell me she's pregnant. Admittedly I was pretty shocked and half of me didn't believe her since she told me she was on the pill and I still pulled out (yeah i know that's naive of me, but i guess it was just me being in a state of denial).

Anyway, she's been berating me constantly for the past week, like I can't get a second of peace. It's just a constant stream of her shouting at me for being a slut and acting like I intentionally left her or cut her off or used her. It's fucking unfair since she's the one that cut me off. But I've just been sitting here and taking it because I feel like if I stand up for myself it's just gonna make her more mad. She's on the fence about keeping the baby, but the second I try to keep her calm and have a mature conversation she just attacks me personally and it's not getting anywhere. 

I've told her that I'm suicidal, she doesn't know this but if she does decide to keep the baby I'm going to kill myself. I don't want anyone to stop me, I just want to get it off my chest because I can't tell my friends or my family because I know they'll try to stop me. I'm only 20, I made a mistake, people my age make mistakes all the time, it's part of growing up. I just feel like this is way too hard. I'm too young to be a father and I can't live with the guilt of bringing a child into this world without a father, and if I do become a father I'll have to drop out of uni and work some shitty job just to pay for it's upbringing since my family just can't afford to pay child support.

I just want a way out and the way I see it the only option is for me to die because I can't live with having done this to my family, I'm a disappointment, a fuck up, I just don't believe I have a chance to make this right. 

If she decides to keep the baby I'm going to spend this last christmas with my family and then when I go back to university I'm going to suffocate myself with helium (I've read that it's a fairly painless way to die with a high success rate). I can't live with myself. I'm not a bad person, I just made a mistake, but this is the only way I can fix it.

I keep hearing this voice in my head telling me to kill myself and that along with being constantly berated by this girl and also working a full time job while I'm home from uni and trying to grow my music career it's all just too much. I've missed out on my chance of having the life I wanted. I could have had anything I wanted from this life but I've just fucked it and that really fucking hurts.

Anyway, sorry, that was a long post, I just needed to get that off my chest bc it's killing me both figuratively and literally.