I'm at the level of just popping my mother's pills and getting over my shitty life.I've contemplated suicide numerous times.  However, I thought it was normal to just keep my feelings to myself.  This is the first time I'll be posting on this subreddit and I hope you guys can give me some advice.  I really appreciate whoever reads.  Thank you.

I'm a fifteen year old kid who used to love life back in the days when my father still lived in the military.  Moving around was great, however I would never stay in one location.  This kind of stuff would never really allow me to have friends.  When I moved back to the United States I started my behavior of being antisocial.  To this day I'm antisocial however my mother keeps telling me that I'll have no friends and how'll I'll be sitting at home jacking off.  (Yes she insults me like this, it's degrading as fuck.)  My father knows about this however with his new job he is gone usually every other week.  - My mother has clinical depression along with bipolar, hepatitis when she used needles, etc.  However my mother's drug addiction stopped when my father married here however she did pass her hepatitis down to me.  A shame.

**I lost my train of thought here because my mother was forcing me to go to school but I won't because of what she said:**

My mother told me to get up this morning.  I said I was up but she continued to say it until 7:30 when i already missed the bus.  Her voice got so deep in my damn head that I can hear it now while she sleeps on the couch.  She's pushing me to blow my brains out or taking her pills.  (I know what she takes, I know the side-effects with mixing them with alcohol.)  -  My father  cannot do anything about this either as he's out of town.  Every damn time my father is away shit gets real.  It's like she enjoys or gets some fucking orgasm by treating us like shit or fucking with people's heads.  My dad has even quoted that "I swear if your mother keeps telling me about the *problems* that you guys start that I'll have a heart attack any day now."  -  The reason why my mother does this is beyond me but I'm getting to the point that I'm about to just an hero myself.

I just need to be homeschooled and wake up at my own time.  I don't talk in school, I constantly get wrote up for defiance because I don't talk in school, along with fail school.  My mother is the number one source of what the fuck is wrong with me but she doesn't give two shits.

&gt;While writing this I'm still contemplating suicide.