I'm so tiredI feel like I've read everything there is to read about how to get better. I know all the coping mechanisms to all of my issues ( it's a lot ), I'm a very rational person who thinks factually before emotionally, but emotions are absolutely important and my rational mind knows I'll never be able to fix the emotional and physical problems I have. What's keeping me here is my kitten ( I would have to find him a good loving home first ) and knowing that I would make people sad. I know how losing someone to suicide hurts because I've had it happen, and I don't want to impose such pain and trauma upon those I love. But I also know I wouldn't even be there anymore to feel that guilt, and in a way it's comforting. 

I keep being asked if I have a specific plan to die. I hate that question. It's like asking "are you really gonna do it?", or "are you just looking for attention?". If I'm saying that I wish I was never born and I wish I was dead, why the fuck would it matter what my plan is (for the record, it's starvation and dehydration)?

I keep being told to look at the good things. Everything comes with its opposite, in good there will be bad and vice versa. I'm used to looking at the good in the bad, but the bad in the good is utterly horrifying. Who actually sleeps at night that way? 

I keep being told that I should look at all I've accomplished. None of it matters. Nothing does. It may to all of you, but to me it ain't worth shit because I did everything I did to try and become happy, just to have it all torn away an inumerable amount of times. I'm tired. I'm weak. I have no more willpower. Even if I'm a passionate, loving, charismatic, intelligent individual, even if I have everything for myself to succeed, it doesn't fucking matter because I still manage to get abused and I still manage to get my heart broken and I still manage to be alone and disowned and I still manage to wish I was never born, I still live in constant fear and trauma and I can barely sleep, my memory is failing me along with my whole body at only 20, I wake up from horrifying nightmares- crying and screaming and kicking. My partner left two days ago to live across the country (Canada) for work so we're days away by car, and hours by plane. I've been on sick leave for months and they suddenly suspended my income- I don't know if I'll be able to pay my rent. I don't want to try anymore. I wish I had succeeded that last attempt in 2014. Because I don't have the fucking balls to do it now, I would make more people sad now than I would have back then, and it would already have been six years- everyone would have already healed and moved on with their lives. I was on loads of illegal drugs at 16, which let me completely forget and miss his elementary school graduation and if I could put into words how horrible that makes me feel, you the reader would also want to die. Parental neglect was big on me but not on him. I should have never been born. I was a mistake. Even if I've made people happy, that's all I'm really worth- making others happy. I don't matter. And on a universal level, no one does. We all die. It doesn't fucking matter. 

I'm so tired of crying and wishing and working aimlessly for things to get better. I hate myself and that will never change, because even while I hate myself I also know I'm not a bad person, I just fucking hate my existence. 

I had to learn to cry without a sound if I didn't wanna get yelled at or hit. My minimal autistic traits were the source of abuse and neglect- rocking, ticks, grimaces, awkward phrasing (really small stuff) means you get hit. My parents used to ask me if they scared me, and the face they had while asking was so terrifying to me that I couldn't say "yes" in fear of upsetting them, because in their minds they're excellent if not the best. So, to this day, I can't cry like a normal person, I cry soundlessly, and the rare occasion where there is sound it hurts my throat and sounds like hoarse wailing.

I don't even know why I'm writing this. I guess it feels good or something. I wish I was never born, and I wish I could make that wish a reality. Because even only wishing for happiness to last is apparently too much.