The pounding in my head is only re-assurance that my life just went down the shitter.Well where do I start? Two years ago the love of my life dumped me because for 6 months before that I had become a drinking machine. It wasn't just when I was depressed. I would drink when I was happy, sad, hungry, tired, stressed. I would even go to work and school drunk. It became a major problem when I got alcohol poisoning. To keep her from leaving I agreed to quit drinking completely and start going to meetings. Suprisingly, it worked and I was on the fast track to living a much better (happier) booze free lifestyle. In the past month my girlfriend and I have argued constantly. Thursday night she confessed she had been cheating on me for about three months with my bestfriend, who had also helped me stop drinking. My gf left after that, she came home three hours later reaking of vodka and she had vomit in her hair, in her inebriation she told me how her and my bestfriend had been sneaking around partying together and "one thing just lead to another" and they had fallen inlove. This had come to me as a shock because not even 2 months ago she had agreed to help me take care of my brother when I got custody of him. Yesterday she left me she said she'd be back Monday for her things. I tried to go about my day off the way I would any other day, I went to my AA meeting got my 24 months sober token. I went to work and got through the day as best I could crying in the bathroom on my lunch break. After work I went to the bank to withdrawl money to pay my bills, only to find out she took all my money out of my bank account 20 minutes after my check was direct deposited. With 20 dollars to my name and bills due what was there to do? I went to the liquor store and bought a gallon of vodka. (Luckily my kids where at their grandmother on their fathers side and my brother was with friends) I drank the whole gallon 2 years down the drain. I didn't know what else to do. I wont be able to pay my bills or buy food. I don't know how I am going to feed the kids, or if we'll even have a place to live or electricity. I make to much money for goverment assistance, and I took out a payday loan to pay to fix my ex's car just two weeks ago. The kids are coming home tonight and there is nothing here to eat. I sit here alone staring at the pill bottle wondering what if I took them all? My brother is 17, and life insurance would make sure the kids are taken care of, better than having a drunken, lesbian, failure for a mother... I mean I wont do it because I am too selfish, I know they'd be better off but I just can't let them go.... I just don't know what to... 
:Rant Over: 