Right now I'm just really confused.Ok. I'm not really sure honestly why I'm doing this. I viewed the SuicideWatch subreddit yesterday and I saw that at least venting your problem and getting it out there seems to help. I don't really know my plan and my desire for writing (and hopefully) submitting a post, but since I don't have anyone close to me that I'm comfortable in sharing it seems Reddit would be a good place. 

Some background information. I've always moved a lot. I came from a different country and when I was 10 or 11 I moved to the US. I missed my classmates and childhood and all that shit, like everyone feels. And then my dad is so fucking stupid! I was fine in this one state with my mom but then out of nowhere he said that he wanted us to go to him. So then I have to move to a fucking different location and see new people. Right now it seems like I'm semi ranting and I hate how sort of meta my mind gets. Do any of you guys have a sort of two mindsets: an emotional one and a rational one. I hate my brain and it gets so confusing. Like yesterday I was bawling my eyes out (for reasons I hope I'll get to explain) and I still have that part of my mind that says what I'm doing is so stupid and meaningless and that I have homework to get to. Then I was in a temporary cycle of crying and laughing since my mind was so separate and had two separate ideas. One was so sad and depressed about being alone, how my dad and parents might as well(my dad is angry since I hate him and not my mom so I've decided to have them both) is honestly a failure as a parent. And i know that as a teenager I can't really say anything but here comes my fucking "logical" mind. And I put quotations since like everyone else my logical side is subject to bias and fallacies, which I know too so it gets confusing with many different ideas in my mind and not knowing what to do. Where was I? Why I'm depressed--by the way another tangent can you self diagnose yourself with depression? I feel depressed and I've researched and I fit into many symptoms but my biased and in denial logical part of myself keeps insisting that I'm just being a teenager and that thinking about whether I'm depressed is selfish compared to others you have depression or other mental illnesses. Anyway i also hate myself--i hate my face, body, unsocialness, personality, speech (come from the Philippines so I still have a fucking annoying accent), weight, and basically everything. Being gay--the gays "stereotypical ability of fashion" which I got to say it just understanding proportions honestly--I got that misfortune of seeing fine and small details affecting the whole. So I daily scrutinize myself and hate myself. And here comes my logical nagging that right now I feel so stupid for typing this. This probably won't get any comments anyway since I just distrust humanity altogether. Back to what I'm saying that's my not professionally diagnosed "depression". My other side is completely different. It's more of my "you're being a whiny and normal teenager and everyone faces this so shut up and do your CALC notes" side. I honesty love this side since it gets me on track but in an internal conflict with myself, i just gets in the way. Right now my dad just walked in and I'm just waiting for him to be fucking selfish and demonstrate once again he's a bad parent. I can understand that he needs to be parenty but is it truly constructive always telling me my mistakes. I'm just gonna cut this short. I have class in a couple of hours and right now I hate my life basically. I have a bleak outlook on my future and that's from my honestly big fear of being alone. I know it's unrealistic to think about the future and say that you will live alone but right now I've embraced my emotional side. I promised myself that I won't commit suicide until my brain finally matures around the age of 25 but i gave up on that this year lol. 

By the way quick thing I saw research that if you try to find happiness or shit you won't get it. I'm screwed then lol since right now I honestly just want a family. Others may have actual ambition and goals but truthfully even though I'm a good student--Asian so of course--I'm comfortable being a "househusband". I'm content and happy just having a husband and several amazing children. This hope is right now the only thing that's keeping me from risking it all. Of course my logical side says that I'm too much of a coward and talking about suicide but not acting upon it is cowardly. That I'm perverting the ones that actually committed suicide. But fuck logical. Emotions are the ones that honestly matter. We're humans and I don't know why I'm honestly typing for this subreddit. I probably just not "there" yet in terms of actually wanting to do it. Comment whatever. Like people will honestly comment. 