It's okay, I won't do it. But I'm starting to scare myself.I've isolated myself into a corner where I really don't have anyone I could reach out to except my mom and dad, and I truly cannot imagine burdening them with this again (hence why I can't actually do it). I will be 27 years old soon, and I don't really have any friends (I have not really ever had 'real' friends). If I were to die today, there isn't anyone in this city who would 1) know I died, 2) miss me. That's an awful, scary feeling. 

I have been thinking about the logistics of killing myself a lot lately. (I have had suicidal thoughts bouncing into my head on and off for the past few years, but thoughts like this are new and different and scary.) I would need to get divorced first so that the money to pay for my cremation doesn't go to the guy I'm still married to but haven't talked to in like 5 years. I'd have to sell the car I just bought to cover the expenses of having my body transported across the country. I'm not sure how my work would find out, in fact I hope that they wouldn't. I'd rather they assumed I just quit. I would have to leave contact information for my family. I might need to set up some sort of post-mortem message to "authorities" so they can come get my body before it gets too gross. I would probably want to do a clean death, just as a courtesy to whoever has to haul me off. I'll have to get rid of all my things so that my parents don't have much to deal with. There aren't really any letters or anything I would write. I might write a general suicide note outlining how incredibly lonely my life has been, but what's the point? Maybe just "I was really lonely for a really long time. I'm sorry." or something.

My mom would be devastated and would probably kill herself. She has a lot of friends, though, and might make it. My dad is like me and has no one and it really pains me to think about what would happen to him. I think his best friend killed himself many years ago. Neither of them deserve this. But you know what's a really weird feeling? Living for your parents. A creation living solely for its creator. 

I really, really want to die, but I can't. I just don't want to do this anymore. I don't know how to be a person and form connections and have a life worth living.

Thanks for reading.