It's been two years coming, but I'm scared suicide is the only viable optionHey everyone,

So I don't know where to begin. I guess it started two years ago, fresh out of high school. I didn't do so well in school, and barely got to graduate. I pretty much did the bare-minimum and barely passed. I knew no decent college would accept me, but to my friends, I was "just taking a year off". So I sat around, partying for a year, but I was still stuck at home.

Then came the day my mom quit her job because they didn't support her radical anti-vaccine views and they were going to fire her. She went jobless for six months and we lived off her 401k. Once she lost her job, I tried finding my own but no place would take me. I tried everywhere; factories, fast food, gas stations, but nothing that could help me. My mom, in her naive, religious views, insisted that we'd be okay. Then, we moved to California on a promise my aunt made that she'd help us. I convinced my long-term girlfriend at the time to do distance for a bit with me, and she reluctantly agreed. We had been together at the time for two years so far and wanted to get married at some point, so we didn't want to just give up on each other.

We got to California, and it was all a lie. My aunt lied to us, it was apart of her little scheme she made to divorce my uncle and if we were there, we could cover his share of the rent, and she was completely overcharging. She wanted 100% of all our paychecks to sleep on her couch. We'd never get out until two months later.

We left for Indiana, where my "good" aunt lived. I finally found a shitty gas station and paid my dues. Was I unhappy? Yeah. But I was making money and on the road to getting back on my feet. Only this time, my mom still couldn't find a job, so we got kicked out.

It was then off to Pennsylvania, to live in the ghetto at my mom's old friend's house. Don't get me wrong, I was thankful we had somewhere to sleep, but imagine being unable to go outside because you live in a predominately low-income neighborhood, getting threatened when you do because you're a "white boy", and the street you lived on saw at least 10 shootings while you were there in your 5-month period. I couldn't find anything there.

Then from there we went back to Indiana, but finally into some familiar territory; my grandma's. It felt like a huge weight was lifted off my shoulders. I'm closer to my girlfriend, I know people here, I know places I could work, this is great! Then my grandma kicks us out after two weeks. 

Why did she kick us out? Well, she didn't like that I owned an Xbox and she admitted to my mom that she hated her because my mom "seduced" my grandpa when my mom was age 5 - 13. Yeah, you read that right, she blamed my mom, WHO WAS A CHILD AT THE TIME, for being raped by her adoptive father. It turned out my grandma had lost her mind and my mom's will has been completely destroyed. We've been on the road for two years and homeless because of a stupid anti-vaccine phase she went through (at this point, I had her convinced that the view point was super-idiotic and misinformed) and her own mother hates her for something that wasn't her fault.

We get back to Pennsylvania, but this time, in a nice, quiet town one of my other mom's friends lives in. Tom, we'll call him, is honestly the best guy in this story. My mom and I were out of options and he gave us a home with jobs immediately. He made me feel extremely welcome in his home and I was grateful. Things were finally picking up.

So my birthday rolls around, my 21st to be exact, and my girlfriend and I are talking. Everything seems fine and then we just start fighting over the phone out of nowhere. I say whatever, figure we'll sort it out tomorrow, we've been together this long (4 years at this point), no way we can't work it out. Wrong.

She dumped me on the morning of my 21st birthday over the phone as I woke up. I was devastated. The one person who was my emotional support for so long just up and left. I spent my birthday, in my room, crying into my mom's shoulder. I felt like an asshole.

I tried calling her the next day because I thought we could fix it. Nope, turned out she went out partying and she sucked some dude off. On my birthday. After she dumped me. After being together for four years, five years if you want to count being a "thing".

This is when my suicidal thoughts came in. These two years ripped me apart, now this? I get betrayed as I'm finally picking everything up? If this is all my life was supposed to be, what's the point?

I figure, "You know what? Maybe I should get away from my mom.". So I do, I move back to the town in Indiana my grandma lives in, but become roommates with my childhood best friend. I think for a while that this is my safe haven, but it dawns on me it's not.

That brings us to now.

It took me six months to get a job here after desperately searching. My best friend hates me now. I work a job basically selling cigarettes to junkies for $8.00 an hour. I have no car so I have to walk two miles to get to work. I'm still in love with my ex, but she's with someone else now and every time I see her on Facebook or Instagram, it's a picture of her and this guy who just drives a fancy car and has rich parents. My dad called me a failure and compares me to my brother who is wildly successful. I live in a shitty, run-down apartment. I hate my life. I can't afford to go to school so I can be successful. I'm afraid I'm stuck as the "world always needs ditch-diggers" guy. I had aspirations, I wanted to study criminology. But I can't. I fucked my schooling in high school. I lost the one person I believed for four years I'd marry. I think about them fucking, cuddling, or even holding hands and I get sick.

It took me a while to get here and I know it took you a second to read to get to it too, but here it is:

I want to kill myself because if this is all that life is, I don't want it. I want to be convinced it'll be okay, that things will work out, but at this rate, I don't think they will.