I don't know how to help himI have been talking to a redditor for almost 2 weeks. I met him over on the deep connection subreddit. (we don't live in the same state) I was looking for a friend that I could talk to everyday, and it seemed he wanted the same thing. It turns out he needed a lot more than that. He told me that he needed someone to need him. He decided that I wasn't a good match because I had a life of my own and didn't share the same interest as he does. So we stopped talking for a couple days for him to think about what he wants. 

Last night, he gave me reason to believe that he wanted to hurt himself. The deep connection post was his "last resort" and since I was the only one to really reach out to him and it didn't work out, he said he was out of options. I'm not sure exactly how close he was to actually wanting to do something. I asked him if he was contemplating suicide "right now" and he told me that he thinks about it every day. 

I stayed up with him last night, because I felt like it was the only thing I could do. I tried to send him here to this subreddit, I looked up hotlines that he could call, basically: I just tried to be "here" with him. 

I know I'm not responsible for anything he does, but I don't know what to do. I can't be the person to try to make sure that he is okay. I'm not a professional, I'm in over my head. 

Last week, I saw that thread about suicide and why people think it's a selfish act. I saw a quote and I remembered it last night to tell him:

&gt; "The person in whom its invisible agony reaches a certain unendurable level will kill herself the same way a trapped person will eventually jump from the window of a burning high-rise. Make no mistake about people who leap from burning windows. Their terror of falling from a great height is still just as great as it would be for you or me standing speculatively at the same window just checking out the view; i.e. the fear of falling remains a constant. The variable here is the other terror, the fire’s flames: when the flames get close enough, falling to death becomes the slightly less terrible of two terrors. It’s not desiring the fall; it’s terror of the flames. And yet nobody down on the sidewalk, looking up and yelling ‘Don’t’ and ‘Hang On!’, can understand the jump. Not really. You’d have to have personally been trapped and felt flames to really understand a terror way beyond falling." 

-David Foster Wallace

He told me that I was the only one on the ground and that I was only a passerby. I told him that it may be true, but I saw him and I can't just keep walking. He asked me, "Why do you even care?" and I told him that I honestly don't know. I really don't.

I didn't tell him anything encouraging: like "things will get better" or "people care about you" or any other generic kind of comment. I figured it would only make things worse because I know he doesn't believe it. The only thing I told him was that I'm here. 

My question: What do I do now? He refused to call a hotline because he said there's nothing anyone can say to help. I asked him to just.. at least call for me. Even if he only called to tell the operator that I wanted him to. He said he'll think about it, but probably won't. I don't think there's anything else I can do... and I can't spend the rest of my days staying with him.