nowhere else to spill this.So I'm just gonna vent. Got nowhere else I can just spew this out so bear with me. I'm 22 and I've never been suicidal before. 

I got depression during my 3rd year of uni. I won't bore you with the details so here's the cliffnotes version: 
Autumn term I spiralled and only after spring term finished with no improvement did I go to a doctor and get diagnosed and prescribed medications. I was pretty down at the time but the feeling of tackling it head on and the support from my gf (of 3yrs at the time, 11th April 2015, my only serious relationship) gave me a boost, albeit temporary. I ended up resitting all of 3rd year and suffered ups and downs throughout, only constant being my relationship. That was this year. Around March I was in a good swing, getting stuff done and not letting myself waste days away. End of March things weren't as great as exams began to loom and uni broke up for Easter, but they were about to get so much worse.

Sunday April 7th. While trying to arrange my travel up to see her for our 4th anniversary on the Tuesday she says we need to talk. She calls and explains she feels suffocated right now with the play she was assistant directing etc etc and needs a break. Suggests a trial separation for 2 weeks which I reluctantly agree to. Proceed to drink myself to sleep as alcohol is the only thing that makes me just feel empty. 

Tuesday April 9th. 4 year anniversary. Send her a pic of the card I'd bought, this [one.](https://i.imgur.com/hgPiwU9.jpg) Few sentences exchanged, no expression of love from her.

Thursday April 11th. When I tell her that if she only means to break up, I'd rather not spend a lot of money on trains or petrol to put myself through agony. This was a worst case scenario in my head, but my stomach dropped when she relented and finally ended it. Proceeds to *refuse to explain any reasoning* as she has to **watch** her show that night. Despite my pleading that 4 years of life and love should come before the 2nd of 5 nights of this show, she refused. 

Saturday April 13th. She gives her reasoning. Not pretty to say the least, brutal is the word I'd use. All of it boils down to changes in my behaviour and life outlook since having depression. She says I'm "not worth moving in with" because she needs somebody who knows what they want in life... So yeah. More drinking. 

Tuesday April 30th. I learn my dad's been admitted to hospital with an infection. Not serious, I'm told not to come home from uni for it. 

Sunday May 5th. See my Dad, he appears fine and frustrated at the slow speed of the tests, results etc. He asks me to be on alert to collect him if he's discharged in the morning as I leave.

Sunday May 12th. Learn my Dad had a heart attack overnight, the less serious kind, but when I speed into hospital he again seems just fine. After many hours I eventually leave with him in good spirits. News was potential valve replacement surgery but not sure if needed at this point.

Wednesday May 15th. Learn Dad will definitely need open heart surgery to repair 1 or 2 valves, depending on condition of one at time of op. I avoid having a panic attack in the room with my dad when I found out but christ I was nervous. Consultant said ideally they'd book a specific slot for the surgery but he would do it immediately in an emergency.

Thursday May 16th. Dad calls. He's having the surgery this afternoon. Asks me to burn some old letters at the house, which I do discretely. His partner rings to say he's gone in for surgery. Doc said 4-5hrs for both valves, he went in at 1.30pm. I finally hear at 10.30pm that he's out and we can see him. He's sedated and on breathing apparatus so we don't stay too long.

Friday May 17th. Wake up to news my Dad has 30% of survival. He's still sedated. Arrive at hospital at 10am. Hear at 3.30pm that they've exhausted every possible option and nothing has shown any benefit, so he will definitely pass when we turn off the assisting equipment. By 6pm my sister and mum (his ex) are all there along with one of his brothers and his partner. He passes at 9.08pm. I'm in total shock

Friday May 31st. Dad's funeral. A sombre day but overall one I think I will look back on fondly, it was a fitting send off for the old man. I say old, he was 56. I find out Septic Shock is the official cause of death. Still doesn't feel real.

That brings us to today, Thursday June 7th. I've been plodding along, not up to much but generally functioning despite my grief. Then my ex messages to ask if she can talk about something serious.
It turns out that, she was talking to somebody else before we broke up. They were officially together the *day after* finally breaking up with me and they were having sex by the following Tuesday.

I am in a delirious state. Idk whether I want to drive 3 hours to her and confront her, drive my car off a bridge, kill the other guy or kill myself. I just needed to let this out. I've had a panic attavk throughout typing this and I'm still shaking and heart pounding