Third time posting here, Theres a pretty good chance i go through with it this timeIm 18, male, starting to finish up my first semester of college, what are supposed to be the "best years of my life", but i think it might finally send me over the edge. I have always been a strange kid I guess. I always had only one or two friends i really trusted and everyone else just kind of tolerated me. But now ever since high school my "friends" have always given me shit. Everytime i post people tell me they are not real friends and i will find some eventually, but i have come to the realization that i have never made a single friend in my life. I cant just leave the friends that I have because then i will have no one. The people I hang out with at school are all friends of my roommates and none actually care about me and i do not have the ability to make new friends no matter how hard i try. Im also away from my family, which doesent even matter because the only member of my family who would give a shit if im gone is my little brother who is only 7. He will forget about me before he is even a teenager. 

For a while I was able to distract myself with hobbies but I have come to another realization that I totally suck at everything I like, and believe me ive tried to get better, I have definitely put in the effort, and i am still easily outclassed by beginners. Everything i am naturally good at, I hate. I am naturally good in school, but i am doing everything I can to finish as fast as possible, and I am really good at video games which I have quit entirely to try to improve my life, to no avail.

I have been lonely for so long, the first time girl showed interest in me was this summer. I fucked that up by being too clingy and weird because i was so desperate for the attention. Since then I think I have spoken to one girl once and I fucked that up as well and she has not spoken to me since. I just can't help but feel completely alone in this world, which just makes me feel even more like shit that i can't become friends with a single person in a world filled with so many different people


I have exhausted all my effort but i am still a friendless piece of shit who sucks at everything he does. Every other time i posted here i had almost no intentions of killing myself, but this time i feel entirely different. The thought just wont leave my head. Things just wont get better. I have not thought about how im going to do it yet, but im sure ill come up with something. I just wish i could apologize to my family for being such a burden before and after my death. 