Everything I am, was, or ever will be can be reduced to three letters: B P DI am all the crazy ex-girlfriend stories. I am all the abusive wives and mothers who hurt their husbands and children. I am all the power-hungry, desperate anxious women willing to hurt anything else to avoid pain. I am all the manipulative women who performs to be whatever you want her to be until you threaten to leave, and then I am a screaming mess, knowing just how to hurt you, just what to say to tear you to pieces, and then begging you not to leave. I am all the women who inexplicably have people who like her despite the fact that she is abusive. I am all the women who don't have a real personality and just put on whatever everyone else wants her to be. I am all the women who ensnare men with her manipulative, faux-empathetic, alluring tactics only to rip off the mask and reveal nothing short of a nightmare. I am all the abusive women who still think like children, only *actually* malicious, truly evil. I am the reason for the stigma against mental health. I am all the women who don't want treatment because she does not think it can work - not because it's impossible, but because she also doesn't want to get better well enough, and how can I get better if I don't want to? 

I use and abuse people, and throw them away once they're no longer useful. I treat people like drugs, not like human beings. My guilt is manufactured as a social response. I'm a sociopath. This isn't some "oh, I'm depressed and that's why I feel this way" thing. It really *is* that when I'm happy, it's because I'm denying the truth of who I am. This isn't some "I'm just sad and blah de blah I'm saying I'm a sociopath because I feel guilty" thing. This is me telling you in my perfectly lucid mind that I am a sociopath... and I hate myself. How could someone with BPD be lucid and *not* hate themselves, considering everything that one with BPD is, that people with BPD have done? People with my personality - my *exact* personality, have been responsible for so much. My own mother was like this and I'm a complete wreck and our family is fallen apart and my two stepsisters will probably attempt suicide at some point in their lives because of how fucked-up she is. And that? That's me. That's everything I am or was or ever will be. You can say I have insight, but that doesn't make a difference if I won't use it. 

I don't want to die, but I feel like most of the abused men who have been partnered with a BPD would have preferred that their BPD vanish into the night and found later in a car full of CO with a body full of alcohol and benzos, than have to deal with years of abuse. 

I post here likely because I want reassurance and validation, but I really don't deserve it. I don't know that I'll be in immediate danger, but I honestly think I'll kill myself soon, just like the way I tried before - only this time, I won't call anyone for help when I do the deed, and I'll do it correctly. 

Edit: Off the front page, excellent, hopefully no one sees this or comments on it because it'd just be a waste of time