It's not stopped being bad.Well, and update on this.. https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/70zbev/i_need_mental_helpsupport/


It's only gotten worse and worse, I've gotten a little note book where i'm jotting down my worst feelings of depression / anxiety so that seems to be helping a tiny bit.... I'm transferring schools hooray we figured that out... but I'm still not to motivated to go to the new school, the old school sucked all the life out of me. My home life is okay, but my days consist of the same bland routine of getting up around 8-10 doing my morning wake up bullshit, going and feeding and cleaning up all my animals and then sitting on my computer because my fiance sits at his and I'd like to at-least be around him for most of the day...  I feel like absolute garbage, I'm exhausted, I don't feel like I'm loved or cared for my B.E.D has gotten bad again, i'm noticing myself going to the kitchen a lot more frequently and I'm now having to focus on fighting the urge to eat all of my feelings. I feel extremely sad.. unbearably sad.. Life is getting harder and harder for me to to endure on a daily basis. I want to just crawl into bed, lay on a heating pad and cry.. I contemplated suicide heavily for a few nights these last few weeks. I started to suffocate myself but got extremely scared, and was fearful for how my fiance would be had he found me like that... I couldn't begin to imagine the damage it would do to his heart... I know he loves me, I know I have some family that cares deeply for me... But I don't feel loved.. All my brain can focus on are the negatives, and how he looks at his computer 100x more than me, how he spends most of his time on the computer... how I can't ask for attention without feeling like absolute trash, or without him pushing me off because "I'm not in that kind of mood right now baby." Which I get told probably every day.

I feel like he's emotionally unavailable in some ways also, but he'd deny this even if it was completely and totally obvious. He gets snappy without even realizing it and that makes me feel even worse, then he'll get mad cause I stated that he got snappy.. etc.. I know I'm doing a good amount of non-sense rambling right now, I just feel like I've got to get it out to at-least you guys.. even if no one answers I'll know I let someone know. I am so fucking sad, so extremely fucking sad.. I am so tired of feeling like a burden (No drivers license, No job, Nothing going for me.) and feeling like I can't ever do anything right.. I am so tired of feeling unmotivated, and unhappy. I've never felt happy, ever there has always been something to make me feel sad, or unhappy or i'll see a blip of happiness and someone will come and rip it apart. My heart is broken in a million pieces and I can't put it back together. I want to so badly feel loved, and happy and emotionally stable for once in my life.. I don't know what else I can possibly do. 

I'm sorry for all this.. I know I am all over the place.. I'm just so fed up with everything.. 

Thanks for reading.
