I'm not really aching to kill myself but I'm struggling to find a compelling reason why not to kill myselfI know the usual "think of your family and friends that'll miss you" but i keep thinking that they'll probably move on eventually, its just what people do. The argument that things get better doesnt hold much water considering how munch constant suffering there is in the world. Some volunteer probably told a whole classroom of impoverished African kids that one day they will grow up to be whatever they wished only to leave them and have half of them die of malaria a month later. Things didnt get better for them and neither did things get better for the girl that kept getting back to her abusive family by a social worker. You cant tell what the future holds and assuming its going to get better is just as naive as assuming its going to get worse.

I cant stop thinking about the afterlife and what would happen if i took my turn to die early. If there is a God like I believe (faith is very shaky at the moment) then i just get to meet him earlier than everyone else. If there isnt a God, then my suffering from depression isnt part of some grander plan and doesnt hold a higher value. People will forget who i am in 200 years whether i die now or live my natural life and end up on a deathbed 60 years from now.

I dont know what to do with myself. I keep assuming my friends dont want to be ny friends because i dont even want to be my friend. I know myself better than anyone and i cant find a way to reconcile the bad with the good to a point where I'm worth redemtion. They only see what I'm brave enough to show them and I know for a guarenteed fact that most of them will quickly turn away from me if they knew everything there is to know about me.

I'm just tired of feeling like I'm just on the verge of drowning, constantly gasping for air, too scared to let myself drown and too cowardly to make a swim for it. I'm going to see my counciler tomorrow morning (its midnight where i live) and i dont know if I'm  going to be able to really figure something out in the hour long session i get before he lets me go and talks to the next schmuck. I keep feeling like a passing memory and that my friends and family and acquaintences dont ever really think about me until I'm physically with them or actively talking to them. They're pleasent enough but I don't believe their love extends further than the immediate interactions i have for them. 
Maybe one or two of them actually care about how I'm doing but i dont see them showing it outside of a simple "how ya doin" to alleviate their conscience to pat themselves on the back to say that they've done their part. Hell I even went out of my way to call my best friend on the night i was last planning on killing myself and straight up told him that i dont think he's ever gobe out of his way to make sure i was okay, and despite his promises that he's sorry amd is going to make the effort to check up on me from now on i still havent heard a goddamn thing from him in the lines of a checkup. All the promises of tackling life together from my friends get dropped days after making them and none of the concern extends past the momentary release of feel good chemicals they get from extending a helping hand.

I'm just so very tired. Of all of it. My past digs its claws into my to make sure im always dragging it around and my future is so amorphous that all the promises it makes lost their meaning, and as for my present? Well that's a castle built on shaky ground that is ready to collapse any moment.

Idk, it feels good to get this out of just my head but I'm so self defeating that im not sure I'd accept any real help because i dont feel I deserve it. Fuck it. I'm going to get a drink and have a shower. I gotta get as much rest as i can before tomorrow.