Depression and anxiety vent.I honestly doubt that anyone will read this, but it'll make me feel better to an extent. I used to be a happy girl, carefree around people and I didn't mind being in crowds. Now, time has passed by, and everything went to shit. When I was around seven or six, my family and I went to go live with my grandfather. Everything went smoothly, we were happy. Well, until I turned eight, and he started to do things to me..that weren't right. I knew that it wasn't, but I was too young to even understand what was happening. He was touching me, cornering me where no one would see us. It freaked me out, so I never went around the house alone. Which, was pretty sad, considering it was my fucking house. 

When I was eleven, my parents found out that my transgender brother was getting money from our grandfather. In return, he asked for kisses. He shoved his tongue down his throat, and when my parents found out, they were furious. 

Soon, the police got involved, and he wasn't allowed within fifty feet around us. It didn't make me feel any safer, to be honest. I was paranoid, and never left the house afterwards. 

Probably a month after that happened, we ended up moving. Just the day after that happened, he passed away at his 'fiance's' house. She had 911 on speed dial, and told them not to do an autopsy, so I'll never know if he died from natural causes, or if she murdered him for the money. (He was fairly rich.) 

I still hate him to this day, and I'll never forgive him. 

Anyways, my parents got me into therapy, but I /hate/ talking to the guy. For one, I'm afraid of men, and two..I can't express my feelings through talking, I'm more better at typing it down. 

I'm anti-social, I hate being around people, I can't go into stores without freaking out and becoming paranoid. It sucks, it really does. I always have suicidal thoughts, but I'm too much of a wuss to go through with it. I wish none of the ever happened. 

Anyways..this made me feel better. Whoever read this, thanks for listening. :) 