Could anyone help a friend who is a suicidal felon, 20M, from Florida, start with a clean slate in another country that'll overlook or not check his criminal record?#Foreword: r/IWantOut keeps auto-removing that post for some odd reason. The automod's programming is aggravating me so I had to repost it here instead.

Title at r/IWantOut:

[IWantOut] 20M SUICIDAL FELON from Florida -&gt; Anywhere with clean slates

#EXPANDED TITLE:

(Actually, [HeWantsOut].) Friend from Florida considered suicide to subtract his felony. I'd like to guide him to emigrating to a felon-friendly country instead, no matter how poor it is. Do you know where he can emigrate to that won't care about his record?

---

#BODY:

I'd like to think some 3rd-world countries won't look at or ask about his record, but which countries?

I assume he could teach English in those countries and make a decent living as a tutor there, while rebuilding his life with a clean slate.

His crime was that he burglarized a car that had weapons in it while he was high. He left something in the car that traced back to him a month later.

He was 19 when he was arrested, and is now on house arrest for 5 years. (Or was it probation for 5 years? It's either or both.) He's 20 now. 

He once posted that when he's off of house arrest/probation, he'll get an antique gun (apparently he'd be allowed to purchase those) and off himself in the forest. I'd like to prepare him instead, for leaving the country once he's off house arrest/probation.

I want beeeg-yoshi to know there are better answers to his life situation than suicide. If he doesn't like the countries he CAN emigrate to with a record, I'd hope he could get a new name / identity / passport once he's there, then work on re-emigrating to a more desirable country. So once he gets his new identity in that first host country and ditches his old identity, he can use that clean slate from that first host country to move to a second host country.

**But first, out of the 190+ countries that exist, which ones will overlook his record (or not check it) and take him in anyway?**

I felt led to do anything I can to save his life so that's why I'm trying to help him here. Would you help me help him please? Thanks.

And if you know, what other ways can he possibly get a clean slate in any way, shape or form?