Giving up.I don't really know where to begin. 

There's so much detail in this that anyone I know could identify me, but I'm beyond caring at this point. Far beyond.

The past few years have been some of the worst of my life. I watched my dreams of medical school drift down the tubes, as my GPA steadily declined. The only job I've ever wanted... The only thing I've ever been passionate about.

I'm being sued for a car accident I was in several years ago.

My parents are likely going bankrupt, and will likely end up losing their home.

In the past year I did something truly awful in my long term relationship, and ruptured the trust completely of the only person I really love. Or will ever love for that matter. I hate myself daily for the pain I've caused them.

My father is going through severe chemical treatments for a life altering disease.

My twin brother was diagnosed with cancer today.

Our dog passed away last night.

I cry uncontrollably for no reason, at random times. Most of the time I can't identify the cause, it's just sort of a numbness, a lack of any emotion other than complete dread for anything else that could possibly go wrong. I feel like a failure. Everyone around me is ill, or being hurt by society in some way, and I'm the cause of my own anguish. I screwed up, I failed, I'm the reason I'm not good enough. I don't have my environment to blame, only my own stupidity.

I don't know why I'm writing here. I suppose because I feel like I don't really have anyone else to turn to.

I've been depressed for years on end, and I've considered suicide frequently, but the thing that has prevented my actions are the thoughts of hurting my family even more than they currently suffer. I don't want to do that to them... But maybe, I could go on a trip, I could plan meticulously to have letters sent to them, as if I was travelling the world. I could gradually fall out of contact. They might think I'm happy somewhere. They might think I'm living.

If I've dreamed my whole life of helping others, yet I can't help myself, what hope do I have to fulfil those dreams?