HeyHello everyone, I don't know where to start. 

I live in Turkey if that does any difference. I was raised as a brilliant kid and I'm not saying it to receive admiration for I always thought that the curiosity to learn the environment is misdescribed as intelligence. I think every kid has that curiosity and life, in time, dulls that urge.

I have always thought that rules, be it social or ethical, were the ways of explaining the way to live to the people that did not know how to behave. So I didn't take them seriously, ever. Also, my father was a soldier, I hope these information were enough to figure out that I had a rough childhood. 

My family loves me I know but I was noticed by them as long as I had achieved something big, mostly in my academic career. I have always contemplated about the rules given to me by society and if I couldn't rationalize them to myself I didn't follow them. So I always seemed to be disrespectful to authority.

I had lots of friends and girlfriends along the way, though they all moved away when they saw the real me, or I felt like they did, and it does not make any difference for I will be able to sense the life only from my point of view. 

I don't have anyone that is close to me, not my family, not my friends, not my girlfriends or anyone and I don't know if that's what I want at all. I am pursuing a career that I have no interest in due to the circumstances I found myself in, I don't enjoy my hobbies like the way I used to. I just drink away the days and I have become a burden to my family, both economically and socially.

I know that nobody I know wants me to die. That doesn't change my mind because my family doesn't want me to die because I am their son, my friends don't want me to die because I am their friend. What I'm trying to say is that it wouldn't make any difference to them if I was somebody else. Nobody wants me alive because they don't want to lose me, they want me alive because they don't want to lose who I am to them.

I feel like in this life which we have no control over anything, the ability to end your can be considered as maybe the only choice we can truly make.