there's nothing left for meI am 20 years old. I am empty and alone. So far I have done my best and fought against the nothingness for the sake of my mother, but I can't stand it anymore. I have dropped out of college because I hated my major and I'm now aimless. I don't know what I like or what could possibly become of my life. I live in a third world country where thinks are bleak. My family was rich when I was born, and now everyone has lost everything. My mother has to work shitty jobs to keep us afloat. I have to work at a degrading office job to help her. It destroys me to see her crying because she has to ask my grandmothers for money to pay our bills. I can't afford a therapist. I grew up hearing I was smart and bound to do great things, and realizing how wrong that is is too painful. I'm not the best at anything; I'm worse than most people at most things. I think I only do the things I'm good at because I hope people will like me for them, but they don't. I feel distant from my friends the second we part ways, and cannot stop wondering how much they really do like me while we're together. Rigid ethical notions and a deeply planted despise of irrational and uninformed thinking keep me from enjoying what the closest among them enjoy and from being friends with most of their own friends. I'm aware of how ridiculous I am looking down on everyone from my toy horse. I'm afraid of not being loved by the people I admire, and always end up making a fool out of myself in front of them. I had a typical dorkish teenagehood and, although my social skills improved and I now despise the fringe interests I used to have, I have still never touched a woman and I find that isolating and degrading. Just writing it is horrible (it's too obvious, too pathetic). I have female friends and every time I begin to make any sort of approach I back away, finding some flaw in them which I manage to look at as unforgivable, giving me an excuse not to have to play this ruthless game of which I don't even know the rules. I have nobody to relate to, nobody to share with. I have made friends but I am still afraid of people. I never know what social rituals to apply to each situation. I thought I could do art, but there's nothing inside me to put on paper. My life has lost any purpose it may have had. I hit snooze for over an hour each morning because my dreams are so much better than my life. Sometimes I cry on the bus on my way to work. I haven't had a good night's sleep in years. I wish I could just dream forever. If death were like dreaming, I would love to die. If it's like nothing, it also seems increasingly like a good idea. I'm afraid of taking chances. I've hidden myself from danger my whole life. If I manage to take this one risk, at least I'll have died better than I lived.