Will life get any better?Hey. It's me again. For over five years now, I've been considering suicide. Only when I was 12 did I actually attempt to drown myself, but my brother, who's a lifeguard, saved me. Twice. He didn't want me to die. And no one does either. When I switched schools, these suicidal feelings subdued, until my ex-girlfriend brutally rejected me before the Christmas/New Year holidays. I did try to kill myself with more methods, but they either failed or someone stopped me. 

They ultimately worsened in my sophomore year and I opened up to my friends. They expressed concern for and discouraged me and it hit a new low when my guidance counselor called me down from class and talked to me. As you'd imagine, I cried. That day was both my mother's birthday and my sister's graduation ceremony, so I didn't tell my family. A month afterward, I directly told them, but they didn't respond well. They made me promise never to talk or think about suicide again. This went on for months and is still going on. Once in math class, the teacher made a joke (Q: Why did the man fall through the manhole? A: He was committing sewercide.) and then went on a serious discussion about suicide. As you'd imagine, everyone stared at me. Some of my classmates don't even believe I'm suicidal because of my happy-go-lucky facade that I wear everyday to school and take off at home. In fact, this year, I keep to myself most of, if not all the time. Not a single school day goes by without me thinking of climbing headfirst out the window or skipping the staircase and jumping straight to the lower floor or strangling myself with my headphones or jabbing my pens in the sides of my throat.

I always question the value of my existence and my family says I'm the comic relief of the family. Without me, they too would have existential crises. Or so they tell me.

Today went through the floor. I got in trouble with my boss because I made a mistake and lied to cover it up. She saw through me and even called my mom while I was at school. I come home tonight and the first news my mom tells me is that I'm fired. Why? She fought for me with my boss.

Considering now I'm in my junior year, the school level changes from academic to university preparation. That... is a BIG jump. So of course school feels like hell. It's no better that the novel I'm studying in English is my most-hated book of all time: Nineteen Eighty-FUCKING-Four. I flat-out refused to study that book and demanded a transfer, but my pleas did no good.

Worst of all, my parents threaten to tell my psychiatrist about my suicidal "threats" and subject me to all sorts of torture. I should do that to THEM! They deserve it for this shit they give me. And my grandparents don't take it any better. Only recently have I told them and they too shut me down.

I promised myself that I'd kill myself after graduating high school, but now, I have no patience. God help me.