It's gonna be my second birthday in a few days that I won't be able to celebrate because of my health... I just want it all to stop...May 2016, everything went perfect, I was happier than ever in my life, I had great friends, a great home, just fullfilled my dream of passing the test to an art school and got a place! It was one weekend when I was working in a hotel, working in the backoffice like usual, it was hot and I was working hard, but nothing unusual, the past weeks I had already experienced some little symptoms, blurred vision, headaches, weight loss, high blood sugar, low potassium, pain in the side, the hospital gave me potassium tablets and up to that point it was still alright, but suddenly it all went downhill...

After dinner I felt incredibly nauseaus, my mouth got sore at almost every touch, the bruises in my mouth resulting from it got infected while my stomach got worse and worse despite medication.
I felt incredibly sick, hot and cold, nauseaus all the time, dizzy, at times I felt like dying.

I dragged myself to the doctor, almost collapsing in the waitingroom, but he said that I had a fever and so it was probably just some kind of flu, he sent me back.

Weeks passed, my condition only got worse by the day. I went again, he did another blood test, everything was alright, just my potassium was low once again.
He prescribed me potassium but I could not take it due to my overly sensitive stomach, so I tried to eat raisins and such which contain a lot of potassium.
One day I just couldn't lie there anymore, I got myself vitamin b complex pills, my condition improved in some parts, so now that was my hope.
I went to another doctor, my mother told her I would have "always been a bit weird in the head" so the doc just laughed and claimed I would simply stick my finger down my throat, I should simply eat...
I switched doctors once more, I told him everything and he sent me into hospital for a gastroscopy and a colonoscopy, I had a severe gastritis despite acid blockers, h.plyori and allergies tested negative.
There was no apparent reason for the inflammation so I got pantoprazole, which I take to this day and hasn't done shit.

I got back to my doc after waiting a few weeks, hoping pantoprazole would do something, he ran another blood test, vitamin d was low, b12 and potassium aswell, again. My TSH was now too high. 
I got a b12 injection and since then the burning in my mouth disappeared. But the other symptoms stayed.
A few months passed and he sent me into a different hospital, they did another gastroscopy, my gastritis was only.mild now, but still there.
They ran blood tests aswell, but I couldn't see them, only thing I was able to catch was my blood sugar at 120 when I hadn't eaten in 12 hours... 

They gave up on me as they couldn't find anything either, they had tested me for diseases like aids and parasites aswell, negative.

I went back to my doc and he did a final blood test, my TSH was not at 5.6, which is too high, so he did an ultrasound of my neck (thyroid gland? Don't know what it is in english!) And it turned out to be normal sized so he said nothing would be wrong with it and it must be a mental issue... 

Months before I had already sat myself down several times, meditating, listening to therapy CDs as I was hopeless trying to find the cause, but I don't have any problems with my life aside from my current health! He sent me to a therapist which I go to since a few months now, we get along pretty well but yeah, it feels more like they are trying to find something that doesn't yet exist, she also seems a bit clueless by now.

A few weeks ago a friend sent me an article of a woman who had almost the exact same symltoms and story and it turned out to be a magnesium deficiency, I filtered through several internet sites, tried to find trustworty information and it sounded plausible as magnesium is very important in the body and is tied with potassium and also has a connection with  insulin resistance, also a year beforenI had moved here I had taken magnesium supplements regularly as I always had slight problems with magnesium deficiency, I stopped taking them when I moved here.

I started taking 40mg magnesium every morning as that was all my stomach could handle, I suddenly was able to sleep through the night  without waking up with numb arms and could sleep more than 6 hours, the frequent headaches completely disappeared, I could finally dream again, heartburn got less frequent and muscle cramps weren't as bad anymore.

I thought I finally solved the puzzle, problem was that I could only handle 40mg on my stomach so I searched for an alternative supplement that I could take better.
I found one that woukd be absorbed differently and apparently shouldn't upset the stomach as much... I ordered it.

Days passed, I took 100mg of it each day, but my condition just got worse again... Day by day..

I didn't understand, I still don't.

I switched back to the old supplement and I quickly felt better again, but can only take 40 mg and it upsets my stomach.

My mother doesn't allow me any more doctor visits as she thinks I should focus on the therapy...
We will soon move to her boyfriend and she will work less frequently so she can be there for me and "improve my mental health" when I have no problem with my family situation, but no matter what I say, they won't listen, they act like I am crazy.

Almost 2 years passed now... I watch all my friends go on with life.. their young lifes are so successful.. while two of my most important years just got wasted, I was very optimistic until recently, but now I just... Don't know what to do anymore... I don't see any way out anymore... I feel like someone stole 2 years from my life and it still doesn't stop... And that all without any reason behind it.
If I could turn time back, I don't know what I would change because I don't know what causes this.
I never really believed in a god but I prayed for this to end so many times by now.. at least now I know it wasn't the bad will of a god.
I am sick of all this, the pain, the nausea, all the sickness, all the explaining I have to do every day even though nobody will take it serious anyway...when it started I was 18, in a few days I am.gonna be 20... I just want my life back, I just want to be healthy again, nothing else... I can't "live" like this anymore... Not another year... Not a month or a week... I just want to find a way out of this bad film I am trapped in..




