Need help getting out of depressive episodeLast saturday, I tried to kill myself. I had a suicide note ready, hung a belt from the sprinkler pipe in my dorm room, stepped on the chair, hung it around my neck, and was about to kick the chair away. Except, I didn't do it; something about jumping off made me realize how utterly fucking stupid it was. I stopped, got of the chair, cried and tried to cut myself with a rusty old blunt envelope opener instead. 

Even though I am from the east coast, I am going to college in the midwest. Let's say that state is Oklahoma, and I go to the University of Oklahoma. My roommate is from Oklahoma, has no friends at the University of Oklahoma; they are all at Oklahoma State instead. He goes there often to hang out with his friends, so usually I'm left along on the weekends, which was why I had enough alone time to try hanging myself. According to him he got drunk at a frat party and danced/grinded/made out with some girl, which I thought was absolutely ironic. As he was having a good time, I was preparing to kill myself.


Anyway, that's besides the point. After I got off the chair, I just tried to cut myself; which was a failure. The skin didn't break. I was, instead, bleeding from beneath the skin, which I thought was pure poetic irony since it seemed like most of my problems were from the inside instead of on the surface. I had been suicidal for the past week, even reading the darn post on that metanoia.org website about suicide. I read it and thought to myself, "this doesn't apply to me at all". I was mostly referring to the point about how "you're not weak if you are thinking of killing yourself blahblahblah". The converse is true- I want to kill myself because I feel weak/worthless/flawed/whatever.


I guess now I should explain why I feel the way I feel. It's mostly a combination of pressure/work/highexpectations/feelingsofworthlessness which I've internalized, wound up inside my so tightly that it's beginning to fall apart. My parents blame me for being a failure for going to the University of Oklahoma (remember I'm making the name up) because it was "not a good enough school"- I was supposed to go somewhere Ivy League instead. And that I am doing- they are making me transfer to an Ivy League school next year. They refused to celebrate my graduation because I didn't get into the college they wanted. By being at said university I am being constantly reminded of my "faliure". I am not allowed to get anything below a 3.7 GPA. I currently have a 3.92, so that's not a problem. My friends back home care about me or something, but don't really acknowledge that I'm there unless they need me for something or else they have no one else to talk to. Then, I become their therapist when I help them with their issues or hang out with them so they don't feel lonely. Except when they're done, they just sort of nudge me away. Not really anybody actually understands me, or cares to want to understand me. I fee like I'm living a lie. The worst part of all of this is that it's internalized.


I've had depressive episodes since high school (big stress environment, well known on the east coast). They were pretty severe, but at least I knew that they would go away because they were event triggered. Starting in college, these episodes got worse in the sense that they were no longer triggered by events but rather just came randomly. And they have been progressively getting worse, getting more frequent, longer, and severe. This depressive episode has been going on for a week and a half now, and the one before that was just a few days before the recent one started. I'm still in said depressive episode. I need to get out of it. It's just so much pain. I get migraines and feel dead inside, like somebody is unconsciously controlling my body and my conscious self is staring off into empty space. I can't focus, it's hard for me to read. This is really bad BECAUSE I HAVE A FUCKING EXAM TOMORROW AND I CAN'T STUDY FOR IT AND I CAN'T SLEEP BECAUSE FUCKING FEELINGS OF KILLING MYSELF KEEP ON PREOCCUPYING ME AND I STILL HAVE THIS DAMN FUCKING HEADACHE. I really can't fail this exam, except I have learned nothing. I need help to get out of this so I can continue on with my life. I've tried playing uplifting music (The Go! Team), working out, taking a walk in the park, and while those things used to help with my depressive episodes, they just don't work anymore (I keep falling back to Joy Division). 


Nothing works anymore; I'm just stuck in this situation of feeling dead inside, that my life is worthless, that I have nothing to live for, that I have no place in life blahblahblah. Did I mention I'm just turned 18, even though I'm in college? I don't want to hear that crap about how OH YOU'RE SO YOUNG YOU HAVE SO MUCH TO LIVE FOR because I've tried that shit before and it doesn't help. I've also heard the THINK OF HOW YOU HAVE IT SO MUCH BETTER THAN OTHER PEOPLE, and that also doesn't work. I'm getting unwound from all the strict parenting I've had for years (no texting! no toys when you were little! no friends until you're done studying! As on everything or else you get beatings, even till you're 18! No Xbox or videogames! Study Study Study! Math/French/SAT/Chemistry/Physics tutoring! Piano and Violin! No out of the house past 6, even though you're 18! {My Mom: OMGOMGOMG TWICETHROWNAWAY WHERE ARE YOU ARE YOU BEING RAPED OR EVEN WORSE ARE YOU SECRETLY DATING A WHITE GIRL?!?!?} DAMN ASIAN PARENTS HOW CAN YOU BLAME ME FOR BEING A FAILURE WHEN YOU MOLDED ME INTO BEING A GENERIC ASIAN KID WHO DOESN'T HAVE A PASSION FOR ANYTHING AND HAS HIGH SAT SCORES AND CAN PLAY THE FUCKING PIANO AND VIOLIN- WHAT KIND OF COLLEGE WANTS THAT KIND OF PERSON? I HATE YOU I HATE YOU I HATE YOU THIS SUMS UP MY FEELINGS OF YOU: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSjzdTBOWFc), and even though that's supposedly a cathartic experience of self-discovery and existential realization it's been nothing but misery and stress and losing 3 pounds in a week and attempts to kill myself.  Please help me? Please?


BTW the only reason why I mentioned my roommate is because he has everything that I have not- damn scholarship (because he's in state; my parents in addition to saying I'm a faliure grumble about how they have to finance said failure by paying exorbitant Out-Of-State costs), 4th in his school even though he didn't work very heard for it (Even he admits it- He has a 3.0 here, compared to my 3.6 in high school and 3.92 here), on the football/baseball teams, still has time to play friggin  Xbox 3 hours every day, texting, watching football and basketball and knowing the teams and how the actual game works (My father: Why the hell do you need to watch stupid mindless crap like that when you should be studying? Also never played a basketball game with me. Never really played with me; he was also preoccupied with making money and saving it in his fucking 401k) and most importantly, understanding parents who are lenient when it comes to academics (They think, "Oh! He got into the University of Oklahoma! Prestigious school! It makes sense if he gets a bad grade or two since he's competing with so many other smart kids: and did I mention that I'm making up the school name?) and the DAMN FREEDOM TO CHOOSE WHO HE WANTS TO BE. I'm supposed to be a fucking lawyer or some bullshit. 


Sorry; this post has degenerated and become extremely ranty towards the end. Anyway, need advice on getting out of my latest depressive episode. I think I'm gonna go into another fucking nervous breakdown tomorrow morning and try to hang myself again. wheeeee fucking fun shit at least I won't be in pain anymore


EDIT: maybe I'm not depressed but I'm bipolar? I have no idea. I just know that I have issues and I need help.