Please help me - Im unsure what to do nowHi there reddit.

Im a 21 year old male who has a lot of struggles in their life right now, im posting this as a cry out for help, I dont want to lose friends or my girlfriend over whining too much I guess.

Im at a point in my life where I do not feel like carrying on, im losing hope, and my life is in tatters. Let me explain why.

Mental Illness - sadly iv had Obsessive Compulsive Disorder all my life, its never really gone away and its horrible, it takes up so much of my time that iv become impatient, angry and snappy. I also have General Anxiety Disorder. So that greatly effects my brain. I think I possibly have paranoia, due to varoius things ill discuss later.

Parents - I have a weak relationship with my parents, because I try and put on a brave face outside of my home they generally get the brunt of my shitty moods, and they can be unreasonable at times with day to day things which makes me worse. 

Friends - I dont have many, but im struggling to maintain relationships with them because of my mood.

Job / working life - I graduated with a degree in computer science, I completly winged my degree off everybody elses success - I bugged my friends to give me their work and used internet articles and some clever re-wording to pretty much pass university, whilst I do have some basic IT and Web development skills, Iv lost one job and I am struggling to enjoy and maintain my latest job as a web developer. Iv worked other jobs, supermarket, bar work etc has been problematic for me because of my anxeity. I feel like a pathetic loser that cant hold a job - iv had 8 jobs in the last year.

Girlfriend - Literally my world, however my ego and general ungratefulness has caused damage to our relationship, the first year was great, then after some daft things here and there - dancing with girls on nights out and light flirting which caused my anxeity to make me panic and blurt out everything, from girls id masterbated over to general everyday intrusive thoughts as well as pointing out her "flaws" (my anxeirty and ocd made me feel bad if i didnt). I tried to break it off with her, she begged me not to, realising that its my mental illnesses. Its my first relationship - also i got laid at 17 had one night stands then 8 monthes later got with her a few weeks after a lads holiday, i rushed into it kinda and sometimes feel that im bored or want to ahve sex with other girls, other times, like now - i realise how important she really is - shes like a best friend, shes gorgeous, funny understanding amazing and loyal - and im none of those things.

So im a horrible person, with a fucked up brain, a girlfriend who values me for not who i really am and my career is basically doomed. what the hell do i do? 

Then to top if off - I had a crap week at work last week, a new guy started, bit older than me, doing lots of great work, but being quite nasty pointing out that im doing fuck all - im trying my hardest to finish a big project given to me by the company, and its only been a week or so that iv been working on it, meanwhiles hes completed many smaller projects and is being a shit head to me about it. because of this - i decided to get drunk on friday - really drunk without limits, got thrown out a pub, argued with many bouncers (nearly got hit by a few of them) argued with general bypassers possibly insulted the barmaid at one pub, got thrown out another 2 pubs, and cant remember what i said but i spoke to a lad whos a friend of another guy who i was arguing with quite badly last time i went on a night out. I cant remember what i said, but with what iv been told about my violent attitude all night i doubt it was anything nice.

Now im scared. My anxeity makes these things worse, but im scared. Ill be barred from these pubs, and possibly if anyone involved in my foulmouthing that night saw me they might knock me out. Im more worried about the lad i saw whos a friend of another guy i had an argument with - i could very well get my headkicked in. So i feel like im living my life in fear. My ocd makes me want to go on a night out just to get anything that might happen over with - so that im not worrying about the unknown. 

Im a horrible, violent, selfish person. Im fully aware of it, and not only that but i feel like im in danger of getting my head kicked in - not to mention my work life is basically non existant. Theres only so much more i can take. If i end it, the pain goes away. Yes other people will suffer, but ultimatly i will no longer be living this horrible life i live. What the heck am i supposed to do. I dont even know what im asking. I just need some advice. I think of ways to end it, overdose, running into an oncoming train, hanging? its the only escape i see away from the pain. both emotionally and the possibility of being beaten up now by everybody that i pissed off that night.
