Suicidal Thoughts amplified after break up cycle. I'm sorry it's kind of long. I guess I just really need someone to talk to right now. 

I've always hated my life more or less. I don't have much of a family because my parents always insulted me and told me I was useless and going nowhere.  My mom told me I would die alone multiple times in my life.  

I'm 22 now and I had a serious girlfriend for 8 months who was crazy about me and I was crazy about her. We didn't ever fight it was amazing.  She randomly broke up with me for another guy and I was crushed but we kept talking.  A month later she considered me again and that guy walked away when she told him she was thinking of me.  Then she told me we couldn't be together cause she wanted him back.

He never came back and me and her kept talking and talking.  After a month of like going to dinner together and doing hwk (college) together she decides she wants to try again and take it slow.  I am super excited.  Keep in mind I paid for all her meals and bought her a phone case and stuff.  So today I got her flowers and she said it was overkill and she just can't keep doing this anymore I buy too much (the dinners) and she feels guilty.  She said we can never talk again and she just can't do this cause I frustrate her.  After two days of finally having what I went through hell for for 2 months I ruined it by buying flowers which I knew was stupid to do.  I let this ruin my grades and I'm about to graduate and I just skipped all the resume building shit and missed all the job fairs because I was so torn up about her.  I just feel like I ruin everything.  And I keep having these thoughts and dreams of just killing myself and being done with it but I can't bring myself to do it.  I feel like the world is just out to crush me at every step of the way and anything good that happens will be followed by something 10x worse.  Sometimes I wonder if this is just all some kind of nightmare and if I killed myself it'd just be over.  For all I know no one around me actually exists and its just some twisted game or dream where the only way out is to die and things will just keep getting worse until that happens. 

