So lonelyHey guys,

I'm  new to reddit and this community. I'm reaching out for help - I've been  having a tough couple of days and I am feeling particularly depressed  today and I have a strong urge to self harm and I feel my suicidal thoughts, which i have kept at bay for the past couple of days returning - I am trying to surpress stuff by putting my feelings into words. I'll be going to the store  to get a bag of chips in a couple of minutes to 1.) distract myself and  2.) to watch a movie once I get back. It'll be guardians of the galaxy, I  think.

But first, I'll vent for a couple of minutes:

I  feel very lonely, like there is no one to turn to, no one who really  cares about me. I texted my friends yesterday, reaching out for help and  no one really reacted - two of my friends didn't even listen to the  voice messages I sent them. I know they are under no obligation to do  so, but it still hurts and it's not helping.

I  am a single mom, my son is four. His dad lives in another town and is  not really around a lot. He has his own stuff to take care of but it  makes taking care of our kid difficult sometimes. I've moved 9 times in  the past 4 years and my son and me were homeless for a duration of 3  months, from January until March.  The next move is coming up in two  weeks - I went to look at the apartment today. It's great and I should  be happy I found a place for us to stay... but it's not sinking in. I  had a boyfriend until August, but he blew me off very unexpectedly and  it's very difficult for me to deal with because it triggers my feelings  of low self worth and lonelyness. Now I met someone else who I really  like - we hung out two days ago - but he doesn't seem interested in  another meeting (again, that's ok, and it's fine for him to make that  choice... but it's difficult for me to bear right now.) I'm on  medication and it's been helping me quite a lot, I also go to therapy  once a week. I had a really bad breakdown in early september and I have  been struggeling with suicidal thoughts ever since then - sometimes  stronger sometimes less so. I'm trying to keep busy - started to learn  Italian. But my live feels devoid of meaning and sense for such a large  portion of my days.

I love to be  alive, most of the time. But it's just so hard. I am so lonely and I  feel so terrible. I don't know how to handle feeling like this.

That's it for now. Going out for chips. Thank you for your attention.