Can never be happy because I'm inferior to everyone else. What's the point in even living?I'm 29 and I've suffered from really bad social anxiety and associated depression since I was 18. Suicidal thoughts are starting to get a hold of me.

My main problem in life is that I compare myself negatively with everyone, and everyone is better than me. I can't live up to what I should be and I feel like an inferior person.

I only have 1 or 2 friends and they are more drinking buddies than friends. This contrasts with the majority of people who have at least 5 close friends.

I've only had sex with two people. This compares negatively with most twentysomethings who go through at least one wild hookup phase in life. Casual sex and one night stands are glorified and idealized because they are exciting, but I'm too useless to have ever gone through a phase like that. 

I have worked from home doing freelance work since I was 25. I only worked in an office for 12 months of my life back in 2014. This contrasts with most people who spend their twenties befriending coworkers, practising their social skills in office environments, and generally being around people. 

Because of my work, I've done quite a lot of travelling. I lived in thailand for 6 months in 2016, 2017, and 2019. I've visited Berlin, Budapest, and Saigon during that period too. However, the vast majority of people in solo travel siutations like that would've made lots of friends. I probably interacted with other people and went out drinking maybe 15-25 times during all of that travel; |I was mostly isolated as fuck.

The reason suicidal thoughts have taken a hold is that I can't even make up for any of this stuff now. I have a six-month old daughter and like a selfish prick, I feel trapped and consigned to a life of the struggles of parenthood without any hope of meeting a new friend or becoming more sociable ever again.

The level of guilt you feel from resenting your own child's impact on your life is enormous, and I can't cope anymore. Is there ever a hope of making up for missed fun during my 20s? Am I being unrealistic in my appriasal of other peoples' happy lives?