Just took my anxiety meds and now I'm very suicidalHey guys, tonight was pretty hard. I hope I can make it through the night. Goodnight my friends. 
If I dont'-
 to my gf- i love you. So fucking much. Keep doing great things. Also I am hoping that you can move on from this. It might take a while for you to get the news since you are far away. But i love you and forever will. We are snapping while I'm writing this. I really want this. But my thoughts are starting to take over. Its is all me and my meds. It happens when I take these. But this time they are strong. The only time I'm happy is when I talk to you. Which is all the time. So I feel I have hope and reason with you. I love you. B safe. Also, can you do one thing for me. Fucking slap those bitches in your hallway. And follow your heart, it knows what's best for you. Also, be safe around every drug you will try. I still dont believe in "JUST trying meth, etc."::::
 My heart aches because of how this could affect you. But my my mind is racing. Telling me everything's better off with out me. And they are right. I'm a ungrateful POS. And you know that too.

To my mom. I will never forgive you for what you did. I am broken and will never be put back together.  When i say i think about it every day. U best fucking know I mean it. But know that I love you and I couldnt have asked for a better mother. This isnt your fault. Its mine.

To my sister. I'm so happy you are starting your life. And getting on track to live a successful life. You are my role model and I'm jelous of your life and what it will become. Be what you want to be, dont live up to other people's standards. You will change lives.

To my brother- even though I might not show it. I fucking look up to you like no other. I'm jelous and always will be on your boomer outlook on life and that you are doing a job that you love. Love you bro.

My wills (if they take over)
My new car - my gf. She needs a way around campus next year.
My boards- my gf. She really enjoyed boarding and has one of mine right now. I hope they are treated with care and love. Just remeber, a dirty board is a loved board.
My pc- give the ram to sam. My GPU to will. And everything else to nathan. He will make a great game that will change people's lives.
My money- my mother. Spend it wisely lol.
What ever else you guys find you guys can argue over lol
Tell venge that he's a fag. He will find it funny. Also, tell sadhands that she is a choppy fuckin surfer.
I dont know how much longer I can live my life. I just act like I'm better. I'm not. I put on that "happy" because its contagious. I want the best for others. 
How I want my body taken care of: 
Brun my ashes. Some how make clay pigeons out of them, and have some aim training. Just want to make sure I'm 200% gone.
Things I wish I did.
Go to my gf tonight. I love her so much, but I just couldnt.
Skydiving. 
Bombed hills in iceland.
Tell my gf goodbye, and that I love her and wish the best for her. She can do better than me.
My regrets: I say I dont live without any. But, I have a few. 
Taking these pills tonight.
Getting high anytime. I have a addictive personality.  And most of all. Deciding my life was worth it.

Like I said. Idk why but I hope I wake up. But I love everyone and I wish them well. Also, is this cowardly or selfish?