I'm not sure what to do with myself, even though on paper things are probably fineSo I have a few part-time gigs, went to a pretty good liberal arts college, came from a loving family, and still, I cannot find any happiness. I think a ton about killing myself, and don't know if I'm able to see through whatever mental illness I supposedly have (who's fucking definition though, am I right? What right do psychologists have to tell me what I'm supposed to think? But I trust them and see one now) enough to know whether it's an irrational or good desire to have or what. 

   When I was 10, I asked my mom if I could see a psychologist. Even back then, I had terrible issues with self-confidence, and was aware of them enough that I asked to see someone. I went for a few sessions, and I think things went fine. I went through puberty soon after, which was tough. I was always a kid who showed a lot of promise but wasn't very motivated or followed through. My parents (my mom) wasn't happy about it, and she tended to yell at me to do my work until I was about 13 and just started trying in school. I got a lot of praise for my intellect, but a big part of it was that I was also a total nerd and suck-up. I played in bands, and was really into discussing cultural and historical/things around music and art and books with my teachers. Some of them totally indulged me in it, and I will never ever ever forget how much they helped me to feel like someone who mattered in high school. I was decent at music, decent at theatre, decent at school. I still struggled a lot with anxiety, confidence, and my feelings about my friends, who I thought were slipping away and whom I didn't think I wanted to be friends with anymore. I had little capacity for empathy, and it's still something I struggle with now. I thought about suicide then too, but didn't even come close to it. 

   Come college, I thought more and more about it. I felt like my tight-knit liberal arts college was a total lie and sham, and just filled with way too smart people who have no idea how to manage their social lives. It was fucked up, and I just turned more and more to drinking and pot. I made great friends, but also made myself a target of pity. My defensiveness, anxiety, lack of self-confidence and lack of happiness was worn like a badge, and I started to do better with women but it was hard; eventually, I realized that my behavior was stupid, entitled behavior, and I had to stop. That took being in a wonderful relationship with someone to understand. I graduated with a 3.2, and secretly hated myself for it forever. I hate having not done better, even though it felt like such a sham to try so hard in school. My professors, some of whom were amazing people and mentors, were sometimes messes too, and academic politics made me wonder if these people we trust as being transcendentally smart are really smart at all. I don't know if I used "transcendentally" correctly, I don't really care. I also saw therapists then, and they were great, but I felt like life was moving too fast for me to adjust. 

I'm 23 now, and while on paper I'm fine for someone my age (part-time employed, able to pay bills, able to get help from parents when necessary, etc.), I cannot feel good about things, and continually think about suicide. I know that people have it worse, but I wonder if that actually means anything. If some poor black kid (I'm not white, btw) from the hood could have the opportunities I have, would it really make him happier? Who decides what good and bad lives are anyway? We could work for true equality of opportunity in this country, but nobody gives a fuck. Every man for themselves. Our leaders sell fucking dreams to everybody to keep groups from truly uniting under one umbrella to fight against their oppression. But maybe most people are too stupid to see that, or too overworked to care.

I feel guilty as fuck about my GPA because, at day's end, I know that judgeable statistics matter. GPAs aren't meaningless, otherwise people wouldn't work really hard for them. Status and prestige and how much that's worth in certain circles are everything to people. I feel like I'm pretty smart, but I just have no idea how to control my self-confidence, anxiety, depression, whatever issues I have. 

I still have a great life, at least on paper, but I can't feel good about it. I was so unfocused at both my part time jobs in the fall that I almost got fired from both and was forced to resign from one of them. I know it wasn't personal, but they knew I was having issues with confidence and anxiety, and they basically told me to try and shut that out and focus on my work because it was a detriment to their jobs (true) and it was annoying (I mean, also true). Nobody fucking wants to deal with this shit because everybody has a stressful life too. But I hate my jobs, even though they're good ones to have for forward mobility. I just can't seem to focus on anything for more than a few minutes, and I'm looking into the possibility of ADD, but I tried some meds my dad (a brain doctor) prescribed and they just make me unable to sleep well (though they do improve my focus). I don't want to be on any chemical meds if I can avoid it, they make me feel like a zombie. Pot's the only thing that ever made me feel good about myself, and that's illegal. Funny, maybe if more people smoked it they could see "the system" like Bob Marley said. I dream of being a musician, but I have trouble focusing on my own songs without being completely convinced that I'm doing something wrong and that everyone's going to think I'm bullshit.

I sometimes wonder why we think of suicide as such a bad thing. There's an organization in Switzerland that allows people to go to their centers and voluntarily submit themselves to suicide with provision of a doctor's note. We should be able to kill ourselves, I think not having a right to it is the greatest form of oppression that people in charge can exert over us. We've convinced ourselves that despite the great injustice in our lives and in our world, we have to keep going. I don't get that, why can't you just leave? Because if people had that much power over their own lives, politicians wouldn't have a base to exploit? 

TL;DR, I have a lot of problems even though the script says "Stop beating yourself up, be kind to yourself, love yourself, be grateful for what you have, bite the bullet and focus on your work," but it seems way too difficult. I intellectually can dissect what's wrong, but it doesn't seem like that has had any real-world import. What do I do? I know I shouldn't kill myself but every day it seems more and more justified, emotionally and intellectually. 

