Could it be right to kill myself?I’m sure many here can relate to feeling overly sensitive to interactions in person or things you read online. So many interactions I interpret as being hated by others or ostracized. I don’t wanna rant too much so I won’t go into examples but if anyone asks I will. 
 Part of it is I know I have a personality disorder and social anxiety. Most all of my friends I’ve had have been toxic and tried to bring me down and I’ve dropped them from my life. Even friends that aren’t that bad though I don’t associate with anymore though cause I’m just too sensitive in social situations. 
 Some of the things that make me feel suicidal is being a virgin, almost 30 now. The shitty thing is it’s all my fault, I’ve had the opportunity to have girlfriends or at least talk to women. I’m relatively attractive but I’m just so fucked up mentally I can’t talk or engage in normal flirtatious behavior like normal people. I’m also worried that I’d just be a paranoid, untrusting neurotic mess if I were to be in a relationship. People make fun of virgins all the time and I fit the stereotype, that being that I’m a mentally ill weirdo with no emotional regulation. 
 I also have bodily dysmorphia; so I’m willing to acknowledge that my body is more normal and not as “bad” as others might have to deal with but still all the crap I come across either online or in person about male bodies and the insinuation that my body could be more desirable, i.e. bigger genitals, taller, more muscular (although at least I can change that last one) so I get to feeling like I have this immutable flaws that prevent me from having a fulfilling sex life or relationships even if there is evidence that I’m wrong, it’s not as convicting as the negative feedback. Sometimes I think of things from years and years ago that was said or done to me and I lose myself emotionally and sometimes act out. I’ve gotten fired from jobs for throwing things at the walls for literally just thinking of something that made me angry. 
 I’ve wound up homeless partially by choice because being around “normal” people makes me feel suicidal and uncomfortable. I wound up in a program now where we aren’t allowed to have scissors even or drink or smoke pot. There is a curfew and I have to check in an out and we have regular group therapy sessions where they ask stupid shit like, “What is your feeling word for the day” like we’re children with one set emotion for the entirety of the day. Most of the staff are pretty cool I just don’t understand their tactics sometimes. Basically I live in a nut house lol and you gotta be wary of some of the other residents here. 
 So yeah, just feeling disliked by society in general, can’t hold down a job or relationships etc and feeling judged for my body and I get the thought that maybe I’m supposed to kill my self. I’ve never felt like I belonged, as cheesy as that sounds. But I’m almost thirty now and these feelings have only gotten stronger leading to thoughts that maybe I’m “meant” to kill my self