I hate days like this.Waking up with ice cold limbs. Spending an hour trying to muster up the strength needed to push the damn blanket off of me even when I was already late for work upon opening my eyes.


I get these fits of rage, where I just want to scream and yell and punch everyone and everything that made me hurt so much until my knuckles bleed and my fingers can't move anymore.


I grind my teeth so much in repressed anger I'm kind of surprised they haven't cracked yet.


Of course, the anger leaves eventually. Used to swap places with that warmness an honest "thank you" or "good to see you" gives you.


Now there' s just nothing after the rage. Just me, screaming in my car until my tears choke me out.

At that point I usually pull into my driveway, roll a joint or 2 and give my tears the finger by slowing my brain down to a point where it doesn't even know how to properly be sad anymore. I want to tell you though: that state of mind doesn't come close to happy either.


I cut out almost all of my friends, feeling betrayed that they didn't realize me begging for help when I started spiraling downwards.


Not I'm sitting at my work desk supposed to fix problems i warned my boss ages ago, but he wouldn't listen.


I'm 23,this isn't how my life is supposed to look like. Everything is so exhausting, I feel like there is a constant "battery about to die" - message floating in my forehead.


I lost my charging cable. Maybe I never even knew how to use it in the first place, everything just keeps getting worse.



I can't talk to my parents about how I'm feeling. I have to be strong and smart and at least reasonibly successful, because all my 4 siblings have straight up completely failed to accomplish anything in life and it doesn't seem like any any of them are gonna straighten up soon. Lazy Bastards. Let "almostnotinsecure"do it, he is mommas golden boy anyway. 


Fuck 'em, all of them. Fuck the rain too and the people still leaning on my help even though I stopped offering it ages ago.



I ain't that strong anymore, maybe I never really was.



I just want a hug and someone telling me that it's gonna be alright. I just feel so empty some days. And I hate these days.


I typed this message out like 12 times before, not having the nuts to even ask strangers on the internet for help, fearing to tear down this wall of fake stoicism and strength, which is robbing me of all sunlight and weighing heavy on my every being.



Sleeping has become my favorite thing to do. When I'm high enough i don't even get the nightmares, which haunt me since I was 5.

On days like this I don't want to wake up anymore. I just want to roll on my other side and close my eyes until everybody who still cares about me, or needs me has forgotten me and I will know what peacefulness feels like.



I have no idea why I'm writing this. I am sorry you had to read through me puking my thoughts out into the nothingness. I wanted to end this with something positive and hopeful, but I now that I started being honest I might as well stick to it. I have no idea what hope feels like anymore.



Thanks for sticking around with me, if even only for this little while. I wish I could've been the power plant other people would describe me as.



I'm not, that's all I wanted to say.



My battery is almost out, I lost all means of recharging it.