Reaching for a different perspectiveTwentysomething male with a good job, family, friends, and all around decent life situation.. problem is, no matter how good I've got it I always gravitate towards depression and suicidal thoughts.  It's been this way since I was young, and it's just so exhausting to fight away those feelings anymore. I've tried embracing them and it just made me bitter and an all-around anxious person which didn't make things any better.  The last year or so I've just been so exhausted from trying to ignore the thoughts, and have used alcohol more and more as self-medication.  I've been on SSRIs for some time and seen therapists and behavioral psychologists.. nothing's really helped.  I figured the alcohol wasn't really helping in the long-term so I stopped and haven't had much more than a beer now and then for a while.  

I explain my mindset to my close friend a lot like how you feel after a breakup -- you just feel shitty, and you have feelings of regret and sadness, even though every logical part of you tries to talk yourself out of feeling that way -- you just continue to feel shitty for a while.

I'm feeling more and more like there's no reason to continue living if I just feel this way all of the time.  I've been trying to come to terms with that and rationalize how much I'll be hurting my family and friends.  I've had several nights sitting with a gun barrel between my teeth, though I've recently been researching exit bags instead which has seemed a lot more peaceful and less messy.  

I've tried hard to look at various perspectives to look at my situation that does not make suicide the preferred option.. but I've failed to do so.  Can't go to psychologists any more as I feel if I were honest with them it would result in an involuntary psychiatric hold.  

I don't particularly hate myself, or have any traumatic life situations, my brain's just wired wrong and I feel this way.  Looking for any different perspectives... thanks for taking the time to read this.