I feel like I screwed up my life and I hate myself even more than before I screwed it all up.Call me a pos if you want to, I probably deserve it. I met a 14 year old girl at a vulnerable spot in my life and she gave me attention. She gave me the emotional satisfaction I've been looking and yearning for, for so long since my last relationship. I knew it was wrong from the beginning.

I'm 18 and I got caught. My case hasnt been filed yet but if the DA decides to hit me with felony rape, that's his decision. I could get tossed in prison for up to 15 years if they decide to throw the book at me. I've barely even started my life and I've fucked it up. I'm so angry with myself, I could have gone to college right after I graduated, but no, here I was, fucking a 14 year old. She was in my friendgroup but all of us are within 2 years of me, other than the girl, she's the younger sister of one of the other members. No one said a thing on the lines that I should stop, everyone knew. That only convinced my stupid monkey brain to keep going.

I got caught out with her at 1am, we werent doing anything, but they called in a child crimes investigator and he interviewed the girl and he really laid it on her. She told him everything. Her mom doesnt want to press charges and that can only help my case, but it still is fucked. I'm fucked. I hate myself, I hate my decisions, I hate my life. I had no responsibilities, and now I'm $22k in debt in lawyer fees, court fees, and other things I have to pay back. I hate most of the people in the group now, all of them have shown their true colors since everything happened and they're all pieces of shit, even though I was the most generous person to them. They knew what was going on and some of them even supported it because both of us "were happy" and "it benefited the group". 

I want to drive my truck into the tree in my front yard and have the back of my head touch my nose because of all this stupidity. I'm not an unattractive guy, I just took the quickest attention I could get, and I fucked up my life doing so. People say that there is still hope with my case, since the mom isnt pressing charges, we are only 3 years and 5 months apart, she's 15 as of last month as well. I had to stop smoking weed so I could show "good behavior" in court documents, which sucks, because I used it for my depression and my anxiety. I'm only 18, and this is my first criminal offense, and this DA has also been cooperative in the past with EXTREMELY similar cases, and those other guys just got probation and some community service, but theres no telling how my case will go. I'm so pessimistic, so I feel like they're gonna throw the book at me, regardless of how realistic that is though. I hate that it sounds 20x better if you realize its just a senior fucking a freshman, but being an adult changes everything. 