To all of those who think they’re gonna do it later.I’m in that place. 
And it’s not a surprise that most of us reach ages we didn’t expect to, without knowing how to exist as older than we thought we could be. 
Sometimes I catch myself thinking just like I used to think when I was twelve and didn’t know my depression wasn’t a choice. And I catch myself thinking that I shouldn’t care about the future because I’ll die not if, but when something goes wrong. 
But will I really? Do I have to? 
Death seems like something better than living with bad poorly made choices and mistakes, and it makes a lot of sense to think like that, so I usually don’t bother to tell myself that actually? Death is worse than that. And that things can change at any given moment. 
And it seems so gigantic and full of possibilities and so vague, that I often discredit this argument. 
But what will I lose? 
What will I lose? 
Isn’t it better to trust the vagueness of how things can turn out, than to die? 
For most people in this world, living isn’t a choice they make every day, it isn’t even a choice, they just do it until one day they don’t. 
I wanna live like that. Trusting the vague future I can’t seem to see for myself. 
Trusting that just because I can’t see it it doesn’t mean that it isn’t there. 
Anyway, I know that killing myself is a possibility. And I struggle with that choice every day, I’m struggling with it right now. 
But I’m holding onto that possibility of things being ok. Even if I can’t see it. 
And I hope you do too. 
No matter how positive you try to be, depression will be there because it isn’t a choice you make to have it. 
But staying here is a choice. 
I’m choosing to stay. 
I don’t know what I’m gonna choose tomorrow, but that’s what I’m choosing right now, and I hope you choose the same. 
It just hurts a lot right now. 
You’re probably hurting too. Just know that you’re not alone, and if you want to, you have a partner in crime to watch our lives burn down in chaos, I’m here. 
And you’re there. 
Stay there.
Stay safe. 
Everything is gonna change.