Open relationship and my mental healthThis is my first post, so please be kind. And I hope I do not make any errors or repetitions in my text.

I (23F) and my ex-boyfriend (26M) were in a great relationship for a good 6 months. The year had just ended and things were looking good. I wanted to explore my sexuality and also just have at least one female friend in my life. So, I and my ex decided to open the relationship. 

My ex was having a slow time on Tinder and I had already had a couple of dates with two girls. And then one day, I had sex with a girl. At that point, my ex had not met anybody from Tinder. But I asked him that he should too, so we can both enjoying the open relationship. I think where we went wrong was when we didn't decide on any concrete rules about the open relationship because my ex was okay with me doing whatever. 

Then on a Sunday morning, I am at my ex's place and we were about to grab breakfast when he gets a text from this girl who wants to meet up. And he jumped at that opportunity. I felt a little bad because I wanted to hang out with him and not wait at his place while he was with her. Not much happened.  They decide to meet again and I am unsure about my ex's intentions. He keeps telling me he just felt connected to her and wants to see her as a friend. They plan a second date and my ex doesn't check with me if that date or that day is okay with me. Even though, I sound like a hypocrite, I was already feeling a power imbalance and that my feelings were not appreciated.

We had a huge fight on the morning of their second date. And then he reveals that he was lying about seeing her as a friend but he actually wanted more. I was very upset when he said he might see her despite me feeling very vulnerable and suicidal. The day goes by and I want to talk to him. But he got out of work late and is late for the date and he doesn't have time to talk to me. And that's when it all went downhill. I text him and call him and he won't reply to my texts and he decided to meet her even when I wasn't comfortable with it. I go hysterical and can't handle this. I break some things, hurt myself by pulling my hair and cut a little. At this point, I feel very betrayed but also a hypocrite who can't handle her own emotions. He comes back late at night and I am waiting for him at his place and he tells me he had sex with her and he enjoyed it a lot and will probably do it again. And then he has to hold my hands the whole night because I would not stop hurting myself. I was in a lot of pain. My appetite was gone and I couldn't sleep.

To take my mind off of things, I hooked up with a couple of old FWBs before I met my ex and sometimes that would help move the pain away. 

Because I felt that I had double standards, I couldn't ask him to stop seeing her but it was hurting me a lot. My ex starting treating me as a secondary person and stopped giving me attention. He didn't care how fragile I was for those days and kept reiterating how he had done nothing wrong and I was overreacting. They continue to meet each other and in a month's time, they have a special bond and the girl tells him that she loves him and he says it back. My ex also thinks that the fact that I was seeing many people was unhealthy and starts judging me. Sometimes, he would reassure me by saying that I was his main girl and she was his second girl but I didn't trust him anymore. He could possibly be saying the same thing to her. I wanted to break up with him but I didn't have any close friends or family and I felt very very alone. Then one day, he realizes how much he is hurting me and the other girl and wants to break up with me first. I go hysterical again and cut myself very deeply and had to be rushed to the ER. And then I was hospitalized. The thing that hurts me, even more, is that he kept seeing her while I was in the psych ward.

There's more to this weird cycle of on and off and then I try to commit suicide again and was hospitalized again.

I am still hurt, can't trust anybody now and am not sure if I will ever get over this and be healthy again. My urges have subsided but they come back at random times. And I always just think how it was all my fault and I am a very selfish person. 

Sorry for the super long post. 

TL;DR I open a closed relationship, which goes wrong and then my mental health just keeps deteriorating.