Suicide NoteThe social isolation &amp; mental illness was just too much to take. I couldn't continue to live just going to work everyday then coming home to be alone and consume media just to pass the time. I'm much better off dead then alive. I've spent my past 4 Birthdays Alone, 4 New Years, 4 Halloweens, 4 Summers. Everyone seems so happy and I am sad and alone. I'm completely misunderstood and feel like I will never be able to make friends or fit in.

Mental Illness has taken an incredible tole on me as well. Anxiety, Depression &amp; Bi-polar or possibly borderline personality disorder have ruined my life. People hate me and I don't blame them because I hate myself. Don't be sad that I'm gone be happy that my suffering is finally over. Thank you to my mom and dad for always being there for me and giving me a good childhood. Thank you for trying your best to help me with my mental illnesses and never giving up on me even though I gave you plenty of reasons to do so. I love my mom, dad, two brothers as well as my two dogs❤️

I know my family will be hurt by my passing and I'm truly sorry for putting them through any pain or grief they may experience. Just know I'm much better off without the suffering and be happy that I'm finally at peace❤️, I doubt any of my former friends would be phased by my suicide because it's been 4 years since I've seen any of you. Regardless don't think you could have done something to save me, my former friends tried inviting me out years after I disappeared and I appreciate that. Trust me there was nothing else you could have done. 

To my childhood and teenage friends thank you for all the good memories and fun times we had. I didn't have many but I enjoyed the time we spent together. Thanks for being my friend and trying to give me advice and help me out back in the day. I know it's been a long time since you've seen me but I have been through a lot and just couldn't conjure up the courage to go out after my reputation &amp; mental health reached horrendous proportions. I know I wasn't a very good friend but I'm a very flawed and fucked up individual so my apologies.

Call me 'weak' 'selfish' 'just did it for the attention' 'went crazy' whatever people say when someone commits suicide to shame them. You have no idea what it's like to be me or anyone that has committed suicide so whatever justification you want to make is meaningless to me.

I want to have a 'Humanist' funeral. I don't want any talk of prayer or religious nonsense. My body will be put in the ground and the earth will receive the nutrients from my body, as I have lived off her nutrients.


I believe Thomas and Eric are very talented and smart individuals that can accomplish anything they set their mind too. Sorry for not being a very good brother, Love you ❤️ All of my clothes and belongings can be given to my brothers anything they don't want please give to people in need.


Please remember the good times and not the bad. I feel like I was a good person deep down but the mental illness and social isolation sucked every ounce of joy out of me. I just couldn't do it anymore.


- Michael
