I need advice for a decision I made to help my friendRecently, I called 911 on a friend who may or may not have been considering some sort of suicide attempt. I assessed from many chats from the same week that he was having a horrible time and was in some depression that I've never seen prior. On the day I called, some of the things he would say very much sounded like he was going to attempt. "I wasn't strong enough", "I've made up my mind", "I've already decided". I don't want to get too specific with this because most of it is very private. We're both 19 and I suppose some could consider it teenage angst still kicking in, I'm not sure. Perhaps these were just passing phrases and he may not have actually done it.

When he was put in a hospital to get some talk with a doctor, I was worried for a few days if maybe this was an irrational decision that rushed on him. I did tell him that I could get a doctor for him, maybe even pay myself but he didn't want it. I put my trust that wherever he was, he would get help and leave when he has to. 

And now, it seems that he has to stay there for another 2 weeks. I called and even he doesn't know the reason. His condition couldn't have been that bad? The talk I had seemed very normal and he even said that he wouldn't kill himself now because he knows that he'll worry everyone he knows from that decision. Maybe some of his "normality" was a ruse but it doesn't seem that way. His family is breaking apart from just a few days, his father isn't working, his sister isn't going to school. Even And I feel like I've placed him somewhere that he's not comfortable in staying for half a month. Even worse, from what I got from the last call I had with him, his family may bring a lawyer. They're poor too! The money they'll spend on that is going to be insane. 

I tried to figure out what happened here but I have no answers. It only seems like by getting so worried, I may have made his family go crazy over the same emotion. I don't even know what they think of me at this moment. My own parents reassured me that it would be better for him to stay there, but even I don't feel 2 weeks is right. Is there something else I should do? Was this even right? 