I Want To Get Off Mr. Bones' Wild Ride!!!! [1400 words, sexual abuse TW]I had an episode of acute self-loathing the other day and I said to myself "holy shit, you're 19 years old and you're still just this major fuck up who has made zero progress in life or getting better??" And then I remembered I'm not 19. I'm 22. And I thought about if there was any significance to that age. And there was! 19 was when I graduated high school (I was a year late) and moved out. I thought "oh, I guess that's when my life really began to end!"

I got involved with an older guy when I was 17 because no one my age was interested in me and I figured compromising like that was just part of being an ugly girl. After about a year of being together, he moved far away and I moved in with him once I finished school because I had nowhere to go and couldn't depend on my family (narcissist mother &amp; pedophile brother) for the help I needed.

I was always a sensitive, emotional kid and was mocked for that at home and at school but it got worse once my brother started molesting me when I was around 7. This went on for a few years until my mother walked in on it, told him to stop, and it was never brought up again. I became even more emotional and withdrawn but had no idea why because based on my mother and brother's non-reaction to it all, I thought it was a normal thing. A couple years later, puberty happens and I become a certified wreck. I start taking meds and going to therapy (the school had to threaten my mother with getting child protective services involved in order for her to take her vocally suicidal 11-year-old to a doctor) but never addressed the abuse since that was the status quo.

I spend the next few years struggling in and out of psych wards, partial programs, etc., but finally manage to bring up being abused when I'm 16, being processed for intake into another hospital, and had promised my internet friends I wouldn't lie about anything.

My mother goes ballistic. She accuses me of lying and exaggerating even though she was there too. They send child protective services to my house to talk to my brother since he's still living there and I'm a minor. Nothing happens as a result of that but my mother will always bring up that when he had to talk about what he did and take responsibility for the first and only time in a decade, he cried. So I should pity and forgive him. "But mom!" I say. "I've cried hundreds of times over this!" And I remember thinking I said something really clever and poignant and she just looks at me and goes "well, you cry all the time anyway so it doesn't really matter." It was a recurring thing too. I told my family doctor once that I had thoughts of hurting myself, she obviously had to tell my mother, and the only thing my mother had to say to me when we were back in the car was "I'm going to get in trouble if you keep lying to people like that." I was in awe. I kept on giving her so many chances and really wanted to believe that she gave a shit. I eventually realized I couldn't rely on her for anything, let alone helping me adjust to or prepare for adult life as a mentally ill human being. She made her decision and she chose my brother over me.

So that's where my boyfriend comes in. I move in with him because I obviously can't stay at home but I think "well, this person hasn't disappointed me yet. Maybe he can help me learn to drive, get a job, go to college, make friends, etc. etc."

Almost four years later and none of that has happened. I've literally been playing video games and masturbating for almost four years straight. And it was fun at first! I had a fairly okay year and a half of being a NEET and taking a break after the shithole that was living with my family and going to school. I wasn't happy and I missed my friends back home but I wasn't thinking of killing myself every day either.

Now I feel stupid for thinking I could ever do normal adult things. I feel stupid for believing my boyfriend when he said he'd help. The gravity of my mental illness didn't hit me until maybe a few years ago. I'd read statistics about how shitty and miserable it is to be mentally ill and somehow didn't process that they were talking about me. I was part of that group too. These are the odds I'm up against. This is the reality I'm facing.

I'm in therapy (I'm on my fifth long-term therapist) and medicated (med combo #10 or so) but think about suicide daily because I just cannot see any fucking way I can possibly construct anything resembling a life worth living. I have a plan to end my life that I can enact whenever I get the guts to. My boyfriend is out of town and told me to let him know if I start feeling bad. I do and he tells me to take my meds and smoke some weed (he's convinced it has an overall positive influence on my mood and yells at me for being "resistant" if I don't smoke when I'm upset. I'm not sure the weed isn't contributing to how awful I feel.). I tell him it wont matter; I'm always going to be a wreck no matter how many drugs are in my system. He sends our roommate to tell me the same thing he did. I snap at her (which is something I almost never do) and tell her to go away but listen anyway and do as I'm told. "I snapped at her. I should probably kill myself." is the next text to my boyfriend. He tells me to listen to what he says, I say I am, and the response is "Stop being a little brat. You've done almost nothing for weeks and the fucking least you can do is the bare fucking minimum."

One of the only reasons I'm alive is because the people I live with constantly talk about how much they love me and want me around and would do anything to help me. While also letting me stagnate and dissolve for years and only really reacting when my emotions boil over. It confuses me. "Love is a verb." And when how they interact with me doesn't line up with what they say they feel about me, I wonder what I'm even doing here.

I think about dying so much but I'm horrified of attempting suicide, failing, and fucking myself up enough that I'd lose the mobility or sentience to try again. I keep telling myself "if you go through with it, you'll never have to be brave ever again. Just one last time having to be brave." "You'll never have another bad memory again." "You wont ever have to grow up." "No more waking up disappointed that you're still here." "You wont ever feel bad about yourself ever again." "You wont have to live in this awful godforsaken hideous body anymore." "No more wanting things you can't have." "No more jealousy." "No more loneliness." "You'd never have to deal with your family again." "Nobody could ever hurt you again." "No more therapy." "No more intrusive thoughts." "No more covering yourself up like an awful secret." "No more crying."

I've gone this long without ever really making a decision for myself and just going along with other people because I felt like I had no other option. I want to end things before they get worse. I have a family history of serious drug issues/alcoholism and homelessness and incarceration. I feel like that's the path my life is going to go down if I don't put a stop to it. I want the people close to me to remember me as a sweet, sad, young, quiet victim and not a junkie or prostitute or repeat offender. I've fallen into literally every trap and pitfall a mentally sick person can thus far so I don't see why those things wont be any different. God help me.