My lifeI have a constant struggle for my self worth. I’m so privileged. At the age of 16 I’m surrounded by life’s great wonders, I’m incredibly academic, I’m a talented sportsman and currently sit in an academy spot for a rugby team. I am not in close proximity to anything like poverty or such stuff. I have a loving and caring family, and somewhat lovely friends. However, contrastingly , the friends I surround myself with seem to be somewhat naive of the time and pressure I deal with, I can’t speak up because due to current times, people would only think I was attention seeking. Additionally, my mind constantly presses the thought of suicide, I hate myself, I regularly pick out all the constant flaws in myself and tell myself how pathetic and ugly and worthless I am. I’m not medically diagnosed with depression or anxiety, however I thoroughly believe I can self diagnose as both, as life honestly feels like it’s crushing me. It could not get any worse mentally. Every day, all could be going well then suddenly the thought of killing myself sparks to my mind and it really makes me want to do it. I understand that this isn’t an easy topic. Being a male and understanding people associate men with not speaking up, I add to these statistics which is shown by me writing this here. I also understand the purpose of this Reddit page is for help and prevention. However, I’ve wanted to kill myself for ages, I hope some can understand me and relate, I know that I would not wish this upon anyone else and if you can relate, PLEASE SEEK HELP. For me it’s too late, I couldn’t feel any shitter honestly, I’m too scared to do it, countless nights I plan it all out, getting so drunk and high the fear almost eliminates itself, however a little part of myself pokes at me and the fear still hangs upon me. I need help, please. How can I persuade myself to do it? 

Sorry if any of this comes to upset anyone, I value human life as much as any other, however I simply don’t have that for my own life.