Life doesn’t get better; you just learn how to deal with itTLDR at bottom.

I was born and raised into this world, and now I’m here. 22 years later.

I’ve been depressed for what seems like my whole life. My grandma told me that my mom had her baby sit me a lot as a toddler because I would never stop crying. I guess I knew what was coming.

Went through the ringer of psychiatrists and medications. Took me a minute to realize that depression is more than a chemical imbalance.

Dropped out of high school junior year because of the illness and substance abuse. Had one job for two years, 18-20, at a specialty retail store. I would have been fired if I didn’t quit, because of my performance.

I live with my mom and my dad. They completely sympathize with my depression and are the most supportive parents in the world. They supply me with everything I could ever want and need. They just want me to get better.

I have no friends. I’ve had one real friend for almost a decade but it broke off when I quit my retail job because my depression and, admittedly, personality was too much for really anyone to handle.

I’ve been isolated for a couple of years now and I don’t ever see myself returning to the work force or making any friends/ reconnecting with the only one I ever knew.

I used to think that I wanted to do both of those things... but I really don’t

I have no passion or interest in building a life for myself. I don’t see the point in struggling to make money to pay for my independence and survival. Let alone in a world where people murder, rape, and discriminate other people- I’m good.

TLDR:

We live in a world where we’re conditioned to accept and live with the fact that life is unfair and full of suffering. To build bubbles around ourselves and fill it with hobbies and relationships when people are really out there being murdered, homeless, abused, and fucking tortured whether it be by their own minds or at the hand of another. Made to believe that life can be anything you want it to be, just don’t think too much of it. Life is what you make it. We are literally killing this planet and looking at another to eventually rub our stench of existence on to.

Life doesn’t get better; you just learn how to deal with it.


“Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.” - Albert Einstein