Eh, does it really matter.Thought I (M/25) might as well post, so here I am. Been having fantasies about suicide for the last several weeks and I feel so damn good when I have them. I haven't been seriously suicidal since I was 13, but I remember how good it felt to think about it then. The only reason I didn't end it when I was younger was the fact I didn't want my mother to suffer. I haven't seen my mother for years and she is usually on meth, so she doesn't contact me at all. It might be out of guilt or something else entirely, I have no clue. The point is, I see no reason why I shouldn't end it. I have terrible guilt all the time and my body is fucking up and won't get better (herneated disc for the last 5 months and not the first time). I refuse to have to rely on others. I would rather die, literally. I also have gotten out of a relationship recently, where I had been drinking one night(recently started) and I had told her, during a very intense conversation, that I had been molested and physically abused by a female baby sitter, which is why I hate physical contact from most people such as hugging, particularly from behind. Baby sitter would beat me and throw me around when I refused to take off my cloths, which she took off for me. I also had told her that I had seen my younger brothers raped by my older cousin(he was 14 at the time) when I was 6 and how I felt like I had failed them by not saying or doing anything. I really regret saying anything to her about this. I feel very vulnerable about this and along with me slowly becoming a useless cripple, I really feel like dieing is the easiest and most pleasant way out. I haven't even gone into the fact that both of my brothers are meth addicts and robb others to get their fix. I have tried helping them get past their addictions and have failed them with that too. I don't think I can do anything to help any of my family and feel like my ex thinks less of me because of my confession(about my brothers, not my molestation). I would like to apologize for any errors, spelling or otherwise. I have been drinking and don't really care to correct anything. Sometimes saying sorry is just easier than doing things the right way.

Update: Gave my job two weeks notice thr other day. I'm going to make my final desicion at the end of the month. I think that is a reasonable amount of time to make my choice without being too hasty or emotional about it. 