love doesn't exist in my lifeI've never been loved in all 21 years of my life. I don't remember either of my parents hugging me or giving a single word of encouragement. I have many siblings but I'm not close to any of them and I legitimately feel like none of them actually give a fuck about my feelings. My depressive episodes and comments that i'm going to kill myself are either ignored or dismissed angrily, or seen as 'teen angst'. I can't afford therapy, and I've already used the maximum number that i'm allowed at my university. I have acne and scars that I struggle to deal with and completely ruin my confidence. I cannot control my thought processes or emotions, i'm all over the place. I've ruined several friendships by being impulsive and jumping into bed with them, hurting other people's feelings in the process.

I have no clue how I can make it in this world. My social skills are shit. Can't hold a proper conversation. I've never had a job or a proper girlfriend. I have no car and nothing to put on a resume. Have no close friends. Wasted pretty much all my life in front of a screen, playing video games, which gave me repetitive strain injury and now it's painful to do anything with my hands -- a constant reminder of all the time I've wasted. I Have basically no talents. Confused about my sexuality.

With all that said, I am tall, apparently handsome, 130 IQ, and I do have a lot of motivation to improve my situation, and I have a big heart and I know I can be a charming and likeable person. But my god is life torture. I just wish I could start fresh. How the hell can i achieve my dreams when not even my own parents can love me? I don't know If i can find the love and support necessary to remain stable to do the things I really want to do. I've become increasingly disillusioned and angered by the way society and people work and especially how it is currently. I can't even believe in love anymore, and i feel like i couldnt handle a serious long term relationship anyway, i'm so incredibly neurotic. I always fantasize about just hanging myself or holding a gun in my mouth, or 'suicide tourism' .. just one day dissapearing overseas to find a nice place to do it. just waiting for the day when i have enough balls to go and do it. 