Seems like a cruel joke, don't know what to do...Let me start off by saying I can't believe im still here. Its gotten bad, I used to think vaguely about how / where i'd commit suicide in the past years but now I feel like I've been driven to the edge.

Why do people go out of their way to make sure I am miserable?


To make a long story short, I fell in love with a girl who got over me pretty quickly, I called her ex to find out if she was lying to me, and because of that she called the mother of my child and informed her of my drug use and provided her pictures and videos  as evidence.

This week, the same girl came back into my life and told me she wanted to apologize for all shed done to me and my family, but she wanted to do it in person. She came over and we clicked like the first time we met up, she was so nice and charming, as well as far as I could tell, genuinely sorry for what she did and how she acted.

Of course she blows me off and uses her go to excuse that her severe depression causes her to sleep so much so i shouldn't expect a text even every 2 days. 

Tonight is incredibly hard to keep it together, I have enough heroin to make a shot up that will for sure kill me, I also have enough downers to kill an elephant. We had planned to hang out tonight for a few days now, her ditching me to smoke dope and fall asleep on her bed. I havent seen my daughter in 6 months because of her as well as she has been telling me shes heading over my place every 6 hours, and just falls asleep doing dope on her bed right after she assures me she is coming to give me some support. This just happened for almost the 15th time in a row since a day and ahalf ago. I cant do this, im ready to check out. i cant believe this is some kind of joke or form of veneance for her. I just wanna down the bottle of xanax bars, and blast a half g of tar and be gone. Im fucking done. I mind my own business and people just keep going out of their way to fuck with me. Peace
I am severely addicted to heroin and crack cocaine, my days revolve around getting my next rock.