I want to talk about my right to dieI am truly hoping I will meet the requirements for my right to die in Canada later next year. I grow more attached to the choice to end it all every day, especially since it's so close to being a reality I've wanted to exist for so long. I've never once attempted suicide, but I’ve spoken about wanting this right since I was a teenager. Fifteen years later and nothing has changed.

My life is a constant fucking roller-coaster of emotion, and regardless of how much logic I can find to lay out the facts for why things needn’t affect me as much as they simply do… They continually do; then I – in my actions – regardless of logic – live in a way I don’t want to, to feel the effect of that time and time again. It doesn’t matter that it’s due to a mental illness; it is still my reality, as if I continually watch myself be somebody I don’t want to be despite trying so hard to be the person I do want to be. It’s excruciating. It’s excruciating because I feel the same sense of abandonment and rejection for myself that I feel from others, and I can't take it anymore. I don't want to.

I am not content. To hell with “happy;” I don’t try to search for such an elusive thing like I once did, but I can’t even find some peace in this life. I’m tired. I’m so tired, and lonely, and angry, and sad, and scared, and bored, and lost; all because of an overactive amygdala and an underdeveloped prefrontal cortex, along with the imbalanced chemicals that go along with those. I’m tired of trying to cure these things because I can't. I’m tired of trying to change these things because it's frustrating. I’m tired of trying to accept these things because it's unacceptable to me. I’m tired of fighting myself from the inside out to just be because I can’t just be… The whole part of trying defeats and contradicts the purpose, but I can’t just exist in any way that makes me feel content with(in) myself. I’m tired! I just want to rest and be left to be in whatever capacity necessary for that to be. If that means living isn’t an option, then okay… Let's try that, because every other fucking option isn't working. Even I can admit that's a 'shitty deal', but we can’t all be what we want to be in this life, and that isn’t always down to external measurements. There’s no point in me being a living example of that.

I’m just trying to wait it out, and really do the considerate thing (according to anti-suicide logic), which is to give my loved ones the chance to actually say goodbye.
