My Last Words before I snort this lethal stuff.I don't want to live anymore and it's as simple as that.

I am 24 and I have seen enough bullshit. I am tired of being an adult. I don't want to endure another minute of life. 

Dad, your mother is lucky to be dead because she can't see the fucking failure that you are today. I hate you to hell and I wish you never survived the war. You are a worthless, fat, brainless, stupid piece of shit. Fuck you. You don't have the mental capacity to handle anything. The only things that you have a grip on in life are a burger and a soda. You are a fucking moron and the single worst thing to ever happen to me. I will never forgive you for anything. Every single stupid fucking decision that you made has caused me pain and misery. I never even had a father. It is my biggest regret to know that I am descended from someone like you.  Soon I will be dead, and I will be free from the knowledge that we walk the same earth. Throw my corpse into the fucking dumpster if you have any balls.**I FUCKING HATE YOU**

Dear mom, I am sorry but I can't take it anymore. I cannot bear another minute of existing. I feel like I'm trapped in a shitty video game. I am tired of living in this great big shopping center. I am sick of waiting in endless traffic. I am tired of meeting so many dull, shallow assholes. I HATE IT and at this point I would rather be dead than suffer through another minute of it hoping that I'll be able to move out someday. No more. I absolutely hate dad and I don't ever want to see him or hear his voice again. I hate every single thing about him and there is absolutely nothing about him that I love. And now you are suggesting that I move up north to fix my up life, after spending the last 24 years as an illegal in this dump. This is not your fault. Please know that I don't blame you for this. I love you, even though you know I was only a broken fucking failure my whole goddamn life.

It doesn't even matter where I move to, because climate change is going to fuck us all in time. I didn't even get to enjoy the Earth while it was beautiful. I was made to spend the last 13 years in a concrete jungle full of vapid, sociopathic dickheads. Life has no meaning other than whatever drug can create for it. The only happiness i truly felt was when I was smoking weed. Weed is so popular here because life fucking sucks out here.

Have a nice day