Good days, Bad weeksI find that I get into a pattern with depression, where I have good days with almost no anxiety, and then a string of bad days where it's extremely hard to focus on anything but my failures in life. I'm about two weeks in to a new SSRI (25mg of Zoloft, alongside my existing 200mg of Wellbutrin), and although my sex drive no longer bothers me, the new drug still hasn't "kicked in" so to speak. I still have these days that last forever, where I get caught in an inescapable sense of dread.

My life, at face value, is wonderful. I'm young, out of debt, gainfully employed in a skilled profession, and I live with two of the friendliest people I've ever met in a beautiful new apartment. My skin has cleared up, I'm losing weight, eating well, saving money. Any problems that I have are first-world problems, for sure, and yet, I can't live with myself. I can't stand being in my own skin and having the past that I've had. My mind is a kind of hell of my own creation, because I believe I deserve to suffer for all the things that I've done. I can't let any of it go, and every time I try, it returns to me like a duckling or a puppy. I find it impossible to relax.

I keep hearing the phrase "time heals all wounds," but I honestly still look back in horror on mistakes I made when I was four years old as if they happened yesterday. It's hard to get the mind to drop the past, to drop regret. It's a hot potato that feels so good when it burns your hands. It's sadomasochistic, in a sense.

Some of the things that I'm ashamed of are too difficult for me to name, but they all boil down to selfishness and ruined relationships, i.e. hurting other people for selfish reasons, ignoring morality and compassion in interacting with people, being self-obsessed and yet totally lacking in self-awareness, common decency and common sense.

I've hurt many family members for being too distant from them following my coming out. I didn't think there was space for a fag in their lives. I shamed myself for my homosexuality and homosexual feelings, although objectively I knew there was nothing I could do to change. I feel resigned to it now. I feel stuck with it.

I'm ashamed that I have so much in life and I'm not grateful for any of it because I was born unable to carry on a normal life, caught up in a genetic predisposition to a kind of crippling anxiety and depression that makes me a terror to be around, an absolute monster that no one would ever desire to be with. I think I'm a whiny, needy, immature human being, and I hate people like that.