Please tell me some nice thingsFeel free to skip to the last two paragraphs if you'd like. The rest is venting and an attempt to be understood. I realize that all of you are strangers with your own lives and that you can't read every sad story ever written. But if you could read the last two paragraphs and maybe contribute a thought or two, I'd love you for it. Thanks!

I'm very lonely. I have anxiety issues and I'm extremely judgmental, usually privately, so I pull away from people who do things that I consider to be environmentally, socially, or generally destructive. And most people do things like that. I do too. I mean, I wear clothes that were probably made in a sweatshop. I eat fast food. I'm garbage too. But there are people who just shrug their shoulders about it instead of being crushed by guilt and the seemingly inevitable threat of oblivion. 

People who pretend to try, but don't really. It's too hard to stop eating factory farmed meat. It's too hard to bike to work or take local transit. It's too hard to vote for a candidate that might raise taxes with proceeds earmarked for poverty reduction strategies or mental health program funding. So they shrug and do whatever destructive thing will bring immediate rewards. This is all very general, but I'm hoping I've communicated enough for you to see where I'm coming from even if you don't agree.

I don't understand why people behave that way. We can be so beautiful. There are so many beautiful things. I struggle not to cry sometimes when I look around. I'm unstable, but that doesn't change the fact that I'm inspired by the goodness that exists around me. I don't ignore it or turn away. I delve into it. We can be amazing. The world can be amazing.

The problem is, all of these good things are going to disappear because of the fundamental truth that common selfish and destructive acts are rewarded all throughout nature with higher payouts than cooperation and *actual* respect, in the short term. And because life is by nature very shortsighted and impatient, evil wins. All the time. In the long arc, we'll end and that'll be it. Oblivion. No more good things.

Anyways, I don't think I'm an immediate suicide risk. I don't have a plan. But I certainly don't want to be alive to see things get worse with solutions to every problem existing, but slipping through our hands like sand. I don't want to be alive to watch our roots destabilize the foundations of our great ideas and accomplishments.

So I was thinking if anyone had noticed anything nice recently. Anything profound. Decent. From people, or even just a description of a natural occurrence you found particularly beautiful. I was thinking that might help a little bit. 

Thanks for taking the time to read this, and giving my request a moment or two of thought. Really. Thanks so much. It means alot.

Addendum: Thanks for all of the comments so far. The ones that came in last night helped me push through, calm down, and get some rest before I did something shitty. The ones that came in a bit later on were a reminder that I had decided and continue to decide, by force when necessary, that some of this stuff is worth living for. Even if everything is gonna end. So again, thank you all. If anyone else chimes in, I'll still be reading, and it'll still be helping, so go nuts.