My Best Friend Abandoned MeHi everyone,

I'm not really sure what I'm trying to get out of this but I just need to tell someone. This other person and I live in 2 different states, I'm in NY and he's in MI, we're both 24 years old guys. I've been best friends with him for 4-5 years, we met on playing a game on xbox live and it eventually lead to us talking and texting everyday where we would talk about basically everything in our lives, it was always fun and I always looked forward to talking to him. Now I’m a very shy and quiet person so I don’t really have any friends where I live so this summer I was going to move to Michigan if I could get an internship there to be near him and permanently move there after I had graduated from college this fall. So I did end up getting an internship and was planning to move there this week until today where he suddenly said he didn't want to talk to me anymore.

I guess I'll list some events so you can get a better understanding of the situation. 

Last summer he said that he was thinking about going to New Jersey to see a concert with his gf around New Years and since I was in much better financial standing than he was so I got both of them tickets to the concert so he would come to NJ.

In November I had free time so I went and visited him in Michigan but his gf had an attitude the entire weekend I was there and threw a fit one day because she thought she wouldn't be seeing him for the entire day even though she was going to be hanging out with us so I was stuck in a hotel room for 6 hours while he calmed her down but despite this it felt like we both had a good time and I ended up dismissing his gf's attitude as maybe she was having a bad couple of days.

Then when New Years was approaching my friend tells me that we wouldn't see each other when he came to NJ because his gf wasn't ok with us hanging out for reasons I still don't know. So it felt pretty obvious to me that his gf just hates me so I told my friend that I didn't want to pay for her ticket anymore because of her attitude she had when I visited in MI and saying she didn’t want me and my friend to hangout in NJ but we ending up arguing and he took it as I was trying to ruin his entire vacation and ended up buying new tickets to the concert even though I never said I cancelled the tickets I bought or got them refunded. So we weren't talking, they came and went and we didn't hangout or anything.

The week after they got back I went to Michigan again to try and talk to him to try and fix things. We met up for dinner and talked things out and he said he forgave me, we were friends again and still wanted me to move to Michigan. Between then and now we talked sporadically every couple of weeks but it definitely didn't feel the same to how we used to talk so I ended up asking every couple of times we talked if he still wanted me to move and he always said yes.

So a month ago I tell him I was able to get an internship in Michigan and I would be going there the week before Memorial Day to which he responded ok great that sounds cool. Then a week after I told him this he stops responding to any of my texts and phone calls up until this morning when he tells me that he doesn't want to talk to me anymore, that he doesn't forgive me for the NJ thing. He said he was trying to tell me this months ago but I still have all the texts and he didn't do any of that especially since every time I had asked if he still wanted me to move there he said yea. I tried pleading with him to just talk to me so we could figure this thing out but he didn't want to and now has blocked me on all social media sites. 

I just haven't been able to stop crying all of today, I'm just completely lost and I don't any idea what to do or think right now.
