A rational end.I just created an account to post here and I feel this subreddit resonates with me.   
  
I'm 33. It's been an on and off thought since my teens. Lately, the last few months, I've been 100% functional in the way that I'm not dissociative from reality. But it has been a constant, persistent thought, unlike how it's ever been. It's been specific in the visuals, and I can't remember a moment in the past month where I wasn't thinking about it vividly.   
  
I do have friends, I do have a great job (well, pay wise...the work sucks, but it allows me to live a comfortable life), family is a source of stress and the woman that I love (we were together for 7 years, then we broke up for a few reasons, without anyone doing anything negative towards the other person...and we still spoke every day, multiple times a day until she met her current boyfriend a month ago) is with someone else. I'm a relatively fit guy but I feel so weak and break down multiple times a day, crying to no end.   
  
I went to see therapists when I was younger, for this reason and others, and it only made me feel so much worse...because I knew all the things they were saying. I'm completely conscious of my situation and trying to "work things through" is nonsensical at this point. There is just nothing to look forward to anymore. The job, which pays fine, is crushing my soul; at my age, friends aren't a real source of personal comfort as they have their own lives, I've tried meeting other people (about ~15-20-ish first dates since I broke up with my ex) and I've felt NOTHING towards any of them (mostly confirming to me that the opposite sex is completely crazy) and there's absolutely nothing there either. I feel more and more disconnected from people because of it, because I see no one I can relate to, even if a few of them have wanted to continue seeing me. I'm not happy where I am but I can't find a job that sustains the life I want anywhere else.   
  
I don't know what this post is supposed to do. It doesn't make me feel any better. I just feel like I need to end this. Each evening, following through the night, I just have intense visuals of what am i doing here, of my ex with her current boy and how we should be together instead and how/where i lacked (it's my fault we broke up because we decided very hastily to break up..she wanted to get back together for the two months afterwards, and I stayed away because the problems we had, although a problem within a relationship, are problems i would gladly take back now), of intense imagery of how i should do it (getting my hands on a gun or hanging myself from the balcony of my 7th floor apartment..i'm just scared that the railing won't hold and i'll just fall and be severely injured if i don't die).

I just can't do this anymore.