Life is such a fickle bitch.I'm not happy with life anymore.  Really, I'm not.  Frankly, I haven't been happy with life since I was born.

Let me explain:

I'm half-Arabic, half-white, born in a Southern Baptist racist Arkansas town.  Ever since I was born (and adopted), just about everyone, including 90% of my white/racist family hated me, just because of my skin color.  The (public) schooling wasn't much better; when my teachers found out that I was a mixed child (which apparently was a social crime at the time), they practically psychologically (and sometimes physically) abused me.  I was a free kill for bullies, too.

I tried to kill myself once in jr. high, but that failed; the gun, surprisingly, jammed.  If it was fate, I didn't care.  Life went on, and I was abused daily by teachers, family members, and students.  Finally, on my first day of high school, a gang jumped me with the intent to actually kill me, but they weren't able to "finish the job".  I promptly dropped out and got my GED, and started college at 16 to see if things would get better.  

They really didn't.  I was still that lonely guy who would never get anything in life.  I had friends that weren't really friends; they were the types that would just use me.  I got my first girlfriend in college, who I dated for 2 years until she left me for a woman.  That situation, coupled with other things happening in my life, made me try to take another attempt on my life.  It obviously didn't work.

I tried to finish out college, but my home life was getting worse and worse by the day.  My mother, bless her heart, was trying to force me to be something I wasn't.  I wanted to be a teacher (at the time), and do something in the arts, but she desperately wanted me to be a lawyer like my "perfect" older brother.  It finally boiled up enough to where I tried to OD on pills, but I failed at that. 

To finally get away from it all, I moved to Texas with some friends and everything's been going halfway decent here.  I still suffer from heavy, heavy depression but I haven't attempted yet.  That's where the present time comes in, and why I'm posting this:

Today, I was black-balled by financial aid at this college because they gave me the run-around for 2 weeks until the deadline came up.  Basically, they were being as fickle as possible with my paperwork, and then claiming that their systems would magically go down whenever I would try to file my stuff.  I finally got everything in today, and at the last second, they told me that I hadn't declared a major (which I had 2 months prior), so they weren't going to process my stuff.  So that means, the one thing that I've looked forward to for a whole year of living in Texas is gone.  

And frankly, it's got me so depressed that I just don't know if I want to continue this.  My life has been full of abuse and disappointments, and I wonder to myself: What's the point? Really? What is the damn point? =/

**EDIT: Thanks for the sound advice and tips, everyone.  I apologize that I haven't replied much, but I suddenly got very busy with my job and stuff, and I wasn't able to reply.  I'll try and type out a few responses while I have time, but you guys have cheered me up and I'm very appreciative. &lt;3**