I should be happy.I need help, to talk to someone.  I don't think I'm going to do anything, but I'm hoping reaching out here might help.

I have a job.  It pays well.  It's in my field.  I can afford some cool things and generally have fun when I have the time.

I have friends.  I see a lot of them at least once a week.  I love them.  They mean the world to me.

Most of the time, I even like myself.  I've been losing weight, getting healthy, doing things I enjoy with people I enjoy.  I've discovered an enjoyment of physical activity that I never thought I'd have.  I've been dating off and on as I find people I think I might be interested in.

But I feel so out of place.  It almost feels like I'm just faking it.  I can't stand the idea of working 40 hours a week - let alone the 45 I typically work + travel + busy season.  I can't find anything I'm really passionate about - nothing I feel like throwing so much of my life at.  So much of my time is spent feeling stressed or tired.

The job I work is alright, but our busy season is starting and I don't know how I'm going to cope with the minimum 60 hour weeks I'll be putting in for the next few months.  I'm salaried, so it's not like I'm getting overtime for it.  I feel resentful of the massive amount of time I have to put in, and because of my student loans I don't have a choice but to keep going.

I feel like a hamster in a wheel.  I'm exactly where everyone in my life said I should push to be, where I thought I wanted to be.  I found a career path I thought would work for me, got a job in it, work with good people, have good friends.  But I don't know how I'm going to go to work tomorrow, let alone how I'm supposed to do this for another 40 years.  What is the point?  How do people live like this?  Why do people live like this?  I don't think I can.  

I should add that I'm medicated for major depressive disorder I guess.

I don't know what to do. It feels like there is no way out.  It feels like no matter what I do I'm going to be unhappy.  To be honest, my feelings seem to stem almost entirely from how much I dislike working, and I think less of myself for that.  I'm tempted to just go out and drain my bank account, buy some lotto tickets, and off myself when I lose.