Been Hurting a WhileI don't really know what to say so I'm just going to type what comes to mind. I've been depressed before. I've never been suicidal before now, and I've been trying to keep on the bright side, but it's getting harder. I don't know what I'm supposed to feel anymore. One day I'm great and the next I'm hurting so much I can barely move. It will last months or only a few days. I don't know what snaps me out of it or what snaps me into it. At any moment I could be like this again. In this much pain again, and every time a little piece of me dies and never bounces back. I don't want to wake up fine one day and have nothing left of myself but an empty shell, but it feels like I've been getting closer and closer to that for years.

I don't even know if I know what real happiness feels like anymore. Is it even real when I feel normal? It feels like I'm waiting for the next horrible, long, dragging depression. I didn't want to go to the doctors. I know they'd probably lock me up if they knew half of what made me miserable. I managed it really well when I was younger. I ignored my feelings so it didn't matter as much, and I did what everyone wanted me to do. I was smart, funny, successful. All of it was fake and I remember telling myself if I smiled enough maybe I'd be happy, but I rarely was and another crippling depression was always on the horizon. The only things that truly did make me smile were wrong, and I knew if I ever started feeling normally again I would hate myself for it. It didn't matter though, in a sick kind of way I was happy being a disgusting excuse for a person on the inside and smiling and lying about how I was on the outside. It was all fine.

Really it was when I was finally told I could be happy that things started going south. I stopped playing to survive and started playing to win. I wanted to feel real again. I didn't want to smile because people wanted me to be happy, I wanted to really know what it was like to wake up one day and have a reason to live. I tried to get back from that whole life of grimness and hollowness, but I was never any good at being honestly content with life. I started feeling things again, slowly, and it started to hurt more. So much more that instead of hollow I felt pain. It started affecting my life and my friends. It started catching up to me that if I was honest about anything I was just a piece of shit with a fake life. Reality crushed me, but I don't want to go back to the life I had before. I don't want to just survive.

I would rather die than keep living like that, and that's where I'm at. Every morning for a month now I've woken up, stared at my face in the mirror, and fantasized about the end. It made me smile, like I used to smile when I knew I was a sick bastard. Then I tell myself I shouldn't and the rest of my day is full of that crippling pain. The only time I'm happy are those few minutes in the morning thinking about dying.

I don't know what to do. My life is a mess. I don't see the point of living for my friends or family. I hate myself, not because I'm stupid or pathetic but because honest to god I don't think people like me should be allowed to live. I know full well the only reason I didn't off myself sooner is because I was afraid of it, but I'm starting to be more afraid of the pain now. I just want it to end. Help..?