I tried, and tried... but the time has comeI tried, I really did. I've been going to counseling. But I can't, I just can't do it. I feel miserable all the time, to the point I can't do anything. I feel that my head is full of noise, I can't think clearly at all. 

I found someone, someone that made me feel the best and the worst. Being by her side made me feel happier than ever before. At the same time, so miserable because I knew from the start that this was not meant to be. it was a series of unfortunate events that led to this. That made me realize what it really means to love someone. I had given up hope and made a habit of being miserable. She made me realize how miserable I truly am. I hate her and love her so much for that. No, I really hate myself for building upon false hope, for clinging to my warped thoughts. 

I don't want to be a drag anymore. I'm been such a failure. I've been given more opportunities than I truly deserved. I have squandered a vast portion of my life. I don't want to keep going. I can't stop thinking about this all the time. The thought of ending it all is always on the back. I can't get it out. It has been there for so long, I can't stop dreaming about it every night. I tried to reach out, but it's not working. I want to go home for good this time. I've tried before, and these are the only moments I can remember when I truly felt at home and at peace. I want to go for good. I know this is the most selfish thing I could do. But I'm tired of living to everyone's expectations. I hate how they told me how special I was, when all I wanted to be was a regular failure. I can't catch up anymore, I'm tired of pretending and trying. 

I had a good run, I overstayed my welcome. I was not meant to be since the very beginning. I always felt that way. When I found out, my life began to make some sense. All I want to do is to go home, and yet here I am... writing this pathetic rant to a crowd of strangers. I tired of always feeling out place, of always feeling broken and sick, tired of hearing condescending advise on how I should suck it up or that somehow things will get better. I tried, I really did, I followed their advise and...thishas been building for way too long. I want to release it all at once. This is my pathetic attempt of taking what is rightfully mine and do as I please. 


I'm sorry, you know I tried, you saw it... but I have to go now.  I want to go home for good, I already have my guide by my side.  Please forget about me, and keep going, don't stop to look back, I was nothing but a small footnote in your life. Please forget about me, and carry on. I know you can do it without me. 