My anxiety for everything and uncapacity of being a functional adult is ruining my BF's life, and I can't stand this anymore.FUCK. I need to vent. This is not be pleasant to read at all ; not native, drunk, bromazepam bro is here, and never talked yet about this trauma stuff. I'm not even coherent. Ok, I'm in huge distress again.   
He his my only crush ever, my only love, my niciest thing who's ever happening to me. I'm ok to say I was really into him at a insane point, but I've changed it and it's fine now. But guys, I love him the much you can love someone. Really men. I've very huge social/anxiety issue, and never connect with everyone. But I feel strongly insane related with a few, and he is on the top. We live 24/24 together since 3 years, and I'm fucking needy. He is not. I feel alone a bit, u know. Well. Just venting away.

  
Instead of me, he's succesful ans geniusly smart, or at least he was before meeting me. I just fucked up everything as usual, but damn this time I can't stand this. .  
I really can't.  
I'm not denying that my mental health is crappy AF (numerous and various diag), but damn, I've putted so much energy these last month for improoving it. But I'm still aweful to live with and it just broke my hearth. I'm a very, very sweet and empathic dude, never act like an asshole or whatever, very docile... but I need to live on a bubble, a thing who isn't possible.   


You need to know a part of my background ;

4 years of strong abusive relationship before him litteraly breaks me appart and leaves me infixable behaviour, like a insane abandon fear. I was hardly mentally abused by a narcissic pervers from my 15 to my 19 (he was 30.). The favorite game of this asshole was to create an argument of nothing (litterally nothing : eg I've posted to him a octopus cute pict, and he started a argument about the fact I was considering it stupid as an octopus) during 6 continuous hours until I feel dissociated and hopeless enough to be submissive to everything, litterally crying on the ground and smashing my head against the ground for punishing me. When I was at this point, he was used to leave the appartement while promising he was going to killing himself because of me. I weight 60kg, him 120 or more. I've hurted me a lot while trying to empech him to leave, but I wasn't strenght enough and he knowed it. It was his game. Once he was gone, he wasn't reponsding until I beg him during hours, saying (and worst ; thinking) everything was my fault.  
One time he tried to killed himself with a knife. I was using all my strenght to prevent this knife to go to it target : his heart. At this time, I didn't understand it was just theater. I was a teenager, fuck... He never wanted to kill himself, not a single time.  
But he learn me PURE HELPNESS, deep in my fleash. It's one of the worst feeling ever.  
Sometime, I wasn't allowed to quit the bed before he would tell me to. He was regulary snooping if I was faking to sleep (damn, it was 4PM, how the hell I'm supposed to sleep ?). Sometime I get an icecream for rewarding if I didn't moove for hours.  
It's hard for me to remember, because my brain learned to secure lock under so much pressure. It just stop writting on the hard drive and I'm amnesic about the whole argument. It never healed. Look like he will never do.  
He forced me to accept his money too. I wouldn't, but again it was suicide threats everytime. Understand late after that it was for not looking like a asshole for exterious people. You know, he was the good guy, searcher scientist, who help a young almost homeless gay dude and even give him money. Ha. Ha. Ha...   


  


  


  
If even when doing my best, i'm still not nice to live with, why should I continue. Honestly. Just want to end up again. Ever than before, because this time I'm not the only one who is involved.   
Sometime being altruist is