The thoughts keep getting worseI have suffered with depression, anxiety, PTSD, and ASD/asperger's all my life. I have already tried suicide twice in the past and ended up in ICU and a psychward. I ended up going to a school aimed specifically for teens with anxiety/depression for a few years after my first attempt and ended up at a Voc school and joined a medical program because it's been my passion to want to help others.

How can I help others if I can't even help myself? I'm just so done pretending im happy. I managed to fool myself into thinking I was happy for the last year but things just keep getting darker for me. The thoughts keep running back to me. I keep worrying all my friends and family, I haven't told any of my friends at my school about my suicidal thoughts and tendencies because of how much I hate myself for it, why wouldn't they feel disgusted towards it too?

I love both of my parents, but it's always been difficult to show that since both are split up. My dad was an abusive, drug-using shell of a human when I was growing up which is what contributed to the development of my PTSD. I hated him until he got out of jail and turned his life around when I was 10. He's become my bestfriend and is one of the only reasons that I keep saying I want to live. He was just diagnosed with cancer last week.

The girl I thought I was falling in love with is breaking up with me tomorrow and it hasn't been doing anything to help my suicidal thoughts.

I just feel like I can't stay here anymore but I want to try and make it out, but my thoughts keep jumping to my death and it's been keeping me awake at night and depressed in school. This time it could be so easy, when I see my Dad in the summer I could just drive myself to the middle of the desert and just put my fathers GLOCK up to my head and just end it. Or just tie some weights around my ankles and jump in the nearby lake, or even easier, just crawl into my apartment compactor and close the door and let it activate.

I'm depressed and anxious of the future and I can't catch myself anymore. I don't want to die but I don't want to live either. I just want these thoughts out of my head and some sort of feeling that isn't nothing to stay with me.

If my girlfriend does break up with me, I think I might officially break as much as I hate to say it.

I'll see what happens.