The only thing keeping me from killing myself...For a while now, I have had some suicidal thoughts. There are days when I'm fine, but then there are days when I have this horrible feeling in my chest. I've never really felt this way, but I guess something must have triggered it. I'm a working college student who is taking a pretty heavy coarse load, and have been for quite some time. I used to be full on hope and optimism, but it seems like I've made a complete 180. I don't have very many friends. I have like one or two "close" friends that I feel very comfortable with. Neither of these friends attend my university, and they live pretty far away, so we see each other very rarely. I have like two more friends that do attend my college, but I only see them in class, and even then we only talk about things regarding the class we're in. It's extremely hard making friends in college when you are a commuting student, and work a job. This makes it nearly impossible to join any clubs that have meetings during my free time. The clubs that do meet during my free times are extremely inconvenient because it takes about an hour to get to campus from either where I live or work. I used to be fine with not having any friends at school. I've gone a couple of semesters bring just fine with being alone on campus. I go to lecture, then go to the library to study and finish up homework before my next lecture starts. It's pretty safe to say that I've made no new real friends since college. I thought that when I started feeling like this, I just needed to meet new people. I tried extremely hard and actually met a few more people in class, but I still feel like this. I still have this feeling of dread in my chest.

I think that it's the stress of life. I'm scared shitless that going to school is meaningless because when I graduate I may not get a job and be stuck with the mountain of student loans I've accumulated. My parents make too much money for me to qualify for any financial aid, yet they have too many expenses to pay for my education, so I've had to take out loans. I just feel like I'm wasting away what everyone says are supposed to be the best years of my life feeling like crap. I'm afraid I won't get a stable, good paying job and put myself and my family in financial ruin. I'm afraid I will never be able to shake off this horrible feeling. I just want to be that optimistic kid I used to be a couple of months ago. That's really all I want, but I'm afraid he doesn't exist anymore and has instead been replaced with this scared, lonely, stressed individual who craves death.

I swear, the only thing keeping me from killing myself is my immediately family. If I were to kill myself, my two good friends would probably be said but shake it off pretty quick. My other "friends" would probably never even know. My family is what really worries me. My parents have taken out loans under their name to finance my education on the condition that I pay them once I graduate and find a job. They have sacrificed so much to ensure my brother and I have a comfortable life. We have had some problems in the past, but they have worked so hard to try an make us a "happy" family. My parents have busted their asses since they were teenagers to have what we have today, and they constantly push me to try harder because they say they want me to be better off then they are, and hopefully I can teach the same to my children some day. I could not imagine the pain and agony they would go through if I were to kill myself, because I know I would feel the same way if any one of them were to pass away. My parents have grieved enough for multiple life times for loved ones lost throughout the years, and I don't want to put them through that pain. If I didn't have my family, I would have most likely killed myself a while back. I'm afraid that I have a finite amount of time left before my fears of failure become realized and I put a gun to my head. I feel like these feelings will consume me and surpass the love I have for my family and push me to take my life. 

I scheduled an initial consultation for therapy at my university (which is dirt cheap), but it's two week away. I hope I get better. 

What keeps some of you guys from taking your lives?