I feel so run down.Man, where do I begin. I've struggled with depression before (Bullying in high school), but I was nothing like this.   
  
  At the beginning of this year, I got a nice raise, asked out an amazing girl and began a long distance relationship, and moved out on my own. Well, in June, I was sat down by a co-worker and told I was being taken advantage of. Like, should be making double, taken advantage of. I was making less than half of what a similar co-worker was and I did a large portion of his job. So I went to my bosses on 3 separate occasions about feeling unappreciated and each time was blown off. This was after working there for 4 years. 

There aren't many jobs in the small town I live. So, one day, I went to a nearby (40 minute drive) city and applied at two jobs. The next day they scheduled an interview for 2 days later. I interviewed and was offered a job that night. I went into work early the next day to talk with my boss about the offer I received. Expecting them to want me to stay (They needed me and that was proven after I left). Instead he got incredibly upset and all of sudden had serious issues with how I did my job. (To note, at my yearly review none of these things were brought up and I was told I did an excellent job). I accepted the new job later that day. My old employer was beyond pissed I only gave two weeks notice during their busy season. Well, one day, before I left there I had to do some paperwork with the TSA for my new job. This could only be done Wednesday afternoon's. So I went to my manager and let him know as I had many times before. Wednesday rolls around and I'm on my way home from the TSA and my boss texts me "Clean out your desk tomorrow, as of today your services are now terminated". Why? Because he was pissed they had to do my job that afternoon. His two daughters, son, and son-in-law called that night to apologize for his actions. 
  
Side note: two days after I left the network had some serious issues and since I was the only one who knew how to fix it they had to stop business. Everyone was in the office and the boss remarked "Why can't you fix this?!" To which the dispatcher replied""Well if Depressed_David was here, he fucking would!". Que boss storming out. 

I owed some money left on my flight account with my previous job and they decided to just take my final paycheck towards that (not told to me until months later) and due to that and money being tight I had to move back into my parents house. This sucked. I felt/feel like I failed as an adult and couldn't make it in life.  
  
So in September my girlfriend left her abusive home and eventually was forced to move here to avoid her parents. She moved in with my parents and I.

My parents aren't in a great place financially so ive helped them whenever they have asked. They've slowly been giving me responsibility of all my bills. And any small mistake or mess becomes a huge issue.   
  
The other night we had a huge fight and I said a lot of stupid stuff. I told my parents we were moving out by the end of January and instead of wanting to stop us they were damn near thrilled. Of course now my gf is stressed about every small detail and I've been berated by both my parents and my girlfriend. I feel like a complete fuck up. I can't do anything right. I messed everything up. 

I sat down with my parents tonight trying to fix things and my mom has cancelled all our family Christmas traditions and my girlfriend is even more ticked off because she found out in the fight I ruined the Christmas present we got for my parents. So. More of me fucking up. If someone wrote a biography of my life it'd be called something like "Chronically fucking up". At this point i don't even know if I want to live to see Christmas. If I go to my Dr. About medication again I would lose the ability to fly for God knows how long. I just don't want to live anymore. The only thing keeping me alive is that I don't want to hurt my girlfriend by leaving. 