I dont want to die but I dont want to liveI've rewritten this about 4 times now and I just don't know how to put it into words. The word "depression" has seemingly lost its value over the past couple years because it seems like everyone has it now. And whether that's true or not, it's not taken as seriously as it should. I've been dealing with depression and anxiety for about 3 years and I've personally decided I cannot deal with this shit for one more fucking second. Not only does my depression put me in a constant loop of suicidal thoughts and despair, but it also pisses me off. I've had anger issues since I was a little kid and I've been taking meds for them for years and years and years now and those don't seem to helping, so I've been giving this whole thing some thought for quite some time now and I came to the conclusion that I don't understand who I am or what I'm doing here, and for that I don't enjoy life. To be more specific, nothing brings me joy anymore. I don't like video games, I don't like food, I don't like people, I don't like sleeping, I don't like being awake, I don't like my home, I don't like traveling, I don't like anything. I don't even like my own family. 
A while back I figured out the meaning of life. (My meaning at least) to enjoy life. And I've realized that I just can't do that because I just don't like shit. I thought maybe one day this would end but it just seems to be getting worse. And I know everyone says that and also everyone says things get better, which I believe, but I don't care. I can't live like this any longer. I can't even cry. I've become so numb to the pain where I feel like I'm a fucking robot and all the emotions I feel are just in my head. Not to mention my thinking process. Anytime anything ever happens, I think to myself; is this worth being here for? And the answer is almost always no. In the midst of all of this I believe I was given a sign, I lost my job, my only friend and my girlfriend in one week. I have no motivation to do anything anymore. I don't like being alive but I just can't seem to kill myself. I wake up believing I exist for the sole purpose of being tortured every living second. This is my personal hell.

Please, someone save me. Leave a tip, a suggestion, anything. I'm about to give up. I can't take being alive much longer.