I really need someone to give me advice... I can't take this anymore.Hello there. I'm really going through something hard right now, and I didn't know where else to get advice. Please note that I am not suicidal, but I am very depressed, to the point where I've done nothing at all since this happened.

So, to start things off, I should explain everything.

Well, you see. I've been in a relationship with my girlfriend for a year. She's my first relationship, and we're very serious. I'm 17, and she's 19. I met her via a YouTube comment and everything blossomed from there. She was the reasoning behind my first flight, as I took one to see her. We've been together in person twice, both times for over two weeks at her place. I live all the way on the east coast and she lives in California. I love her very much, and we have a lot of plans in the future.

We've also had a lot of ups and downs, like many relationships, although, I don't really know how to handle these. I'm autistic, and while social cues and other things have gotten easier for me, I still have problems, especially when we're not communicating in person. And I wish I never put her through those worries.

Every time we argue, it's usually online, and it's because she didn't respond to me, or something like that. Sometimes, I don't understand her moods and what her being angry is like. I was bullied a lot in school and put down a lot by other people I've cared about, so I've equated yelling with resentment, even though it's not like that in her case. So, I jump to the conclusion that things are over and have a lot of trouble letting it go until I'm reassured that everything is alright again. This has caused problems for us, especially with her in college. Sometimes, she'll deactivate, but this time was worse. I got my friend involved and really went over the top with my worries, and it became really dramatic.

After that, she blocked me and said she wanted nothing to do with me anymore. I was frantic and called her on the phone, and she eventually unblocked me and readded me, but has turned off chat for me and not spoken to me since. She still says she's in a relationship with me, and she's still part of my startup, but I don't get it.

I wish I never did these things. I wish I understood things. I wish I never acted the way I did. I wish I never did what I did.

You see, I do have a lot going for me, but I really love her, and want to give her an amazing life. I'd do anything for her. I've always tried my best to do anything I possibly could for her, even when I did things wrong. I just...had so many problems that I'd sometimes get worried.

When it comes to things in my life, all has been good outside of this. I'm getting my diploma, going to a very big university, I know Japanese, do fan translations and have thousands of supporters, and I'm really big when it comes to my work, and I'm moving to California as well as creating a company in the future, but...it just doesn't matter now. I miss her. Seeing her on FB and knowing she's avoiding me hurts me so much. I know it's my fault, but I really feel like she's forgotten about me. It's all my fault for being such a terrible boyfriend.

I've just been put down a lot over the years, and it's made me insecure. I've been suicidal before. People I was supposed to trust, like my teachers, my parents, friends, and authorities all put me down because I was the way I am; which is autistic.

I was always worried, and I let my anxiety and paranoia about other things get to my girlfriend. I ruined the future I had with her, and I have no idea if it's still going to happen. I love her so much, and I miss the times we spent in California. It feels like I'll never see her again. I had to go back home on January 20th. Maybe that was the last time I'll ever see her... I really don't know.

I just know I hurt, and this pain hurts more than anything. Being homeless, being put down by others, all of that, it means nothing compared to the pain I feel now.

There are so many questions I have that I have no answers to, and all I can do is wait. What do I do? Will things get better? It's been over a day since we last talked after everything happened. She's online, but, she's said nothing to me. I feel sick. I've lost weight, eaten less, drank less, and feel like I'm going to vomit. I keep crying, but it never ends. I wish I could make things better, but at this point, I don't know how.