Well. Here is my story.I have been suffering from depression for 6-7 years now. All starting along time ago when at the ripe young age of 13 my mom was diagnosed with cancer. It was hard on me. My father has a long hours job. Always has. Honestly I barely know the guy. He did not really raise me. I only ever say him 2-3 hours a day in my entire childhood. My brother and only sibling was physically and emotionally abusive through my childhood. There is a hole the drywall where he decided to throw me into it once. Once my mother passed away when I was 14 I started failing miserably in school. I dropped out of high school 1 credit short of graduation. Failed miserably at adult learning because of lack of motivation/focus. I was also bullied my entire childhood. I have never had more then 3 friends. All of whom have become distant due to university/college. Shortly after my mothers death I had a psych breakdown from people bullying me about my dead mother. I was admitted for a day of observation and they deemed me mentally stable. Nothing was ever done about the bullies or my brother. No matter who I went too. My brother was just being "bashful" or "playful"  and the occasional suspension was handed out to bullies but that really just delayed it for 3 days before they came back. Never had a girlfriend. Iv managed to drown most of my sorrow in playing computer games rather then drugs. I sought help once about a year and a half ago. However my father brushed off my request for about 15 months. I felt better after talking to a psychiatrist. However problematically it costs my father 300$ a session. My GP also put me on some happy pills which helped for awhile but eventually in them self made me feel depressed in the only way I could be "Happy" was taking pills. The financial burden of professional help is not something I am willing to place on my father. So now I am not getting help. Or taking drugs. Back to square one of being miserable. This has also adversly effected my lifestyle. I eat between 0 and 1.5 meals a day. Sleep no more then 6 hours. Finally I have begun to consider suicide as a way out. I dont know. Thats my jumbled mess of life experience thoughts and reasonings. 