No one in my family cares about me, my dad brushes me aside and ignores all my anger and mental problems. Mom is an awful parent.I'm 14 now, so for about 5 years now.
Growing up as an infant, baby, and toddler and kid my home life has been. awful. When I was an infant I was dropped on my head, my dad was a drinker back then and was always passed out drunk and neglected me, leaving me sitting in my own shit in a diaper for 6-8 hours at a time. She didn't care and did nothing about it. After a while of that they broke up, she took care of me mon-friday and my dad watched me on weekends, all the fucking time she would go to my dads and say "I can't handle him you take him" at that time he stopped drinking. That happened alot making more angry, sad, and depressed. Eventually she married my former step dad, he did not have a good child hood, his parents were religious nuts and his father yelled at him frequently. Whenver I acted out she would have him come over and scream at me for a while. I don't know why I acted out. I have severe anger issues but I'm able to control them better then I used to. So after a while they got divorced, hw was a really good step dad he just really freaked me out and gave me anxiety sometimes. I loved him alot, so after that I got even more depressed. I was signed up in a special program or something where you have to be monitored all the time during school hours. This still happens to this day. This made me even more depressed and angry than I was before, by then my parents had me believed I was crazy or some shit. Which I guess I was. Had alot of breakdowns, and axiety attacks. My first attempt to kill myself was when I was in the third grade, I had a breakdown at school, dad got really mad and made me even more sad and I tried to choke myself to death. (Obviously failed, I was young and thats impossible). I started to get better slowly throughout 4th grade. I had an amazing teacher who was very nice and reallt helped me cope with everything. Then 5th grade came around, teacher was out to get me from the start. Then I was back at square one, I had breakdowns, she constantly tried to get me expelled / suspended. One time she walked me to the principles office because she got a virus on one of her computers and tried to blame it on me, she was smiling and humming throughout the walk. By that time I was so close to either hurting someone else or myself. In 6th grade I started cutting myself, it didn't help. At my dad's I'm brushed to the side, my dad and stepmom basically only pay attention to my step siblings, both of them had self harm and one other one had attempted suicide. Then it died down but my dad didn't seem to notice how fucked up I was, he knew I had problems and didn't do anything. We had to move when I was in seventh grade, then I met all my really good friends to this day. Been smoking weed alot lately either with some of them or by myself, it helps for a while but then when it wears of I'm just thinking about killing myself or running awat again. Parents found out, nothing was done, no therapy no punishment they don't fucking care. My mom doesn't know how to parent me and my dad doesn't care about me.
Help, I'm thinking about running away and staying with trusted friends. I would probobly get caught though since my parents know them all. I would rather kill myself then live with either of my parents, being asleep forever would be better then living in this world.