Why I think “being alive” is bullshit and living is betrayalMay I explain?

So, your born on this planet against your will randomly and not aware of your OWN existence until ur like, 5. From being an infant- 5yrs, adults and your parents tell u lies about how wonderful the world is and how special u are, and basically set your mind up for disappointment later in your life :) up until 17, middle and high school is free (public school)you have no responsibility whatsoever they pay for ur books, sometimes free lunch and etc... So now the “child” turns 18, and is now an adult, and is FORCED to survive to their own and the government drops u like a hot potato. Get ur shit together! Oh, did your parents also throw you out of their house that was once your “home” now that your 18? Tough luck and TOO BAD. I guess ur on the streets now. Diagnosed with cancer and no one gives a flying fuck? Too bad. Good luck finding a job with no experience that pays for ur chemo AND rent +college loans! -So, basically, all I’m saying is that life in this world is a painful, and cruel and filled with suffering. It’s unfair when ur diagnosed with random horrible illnesses and have no one to support u at all. Why can’t the world find a way to provide to everybody regardless? Why can’t food, water and resources be split equally? When we overwork like this,no one can even enjoy “life” are we born to just work like slaves until we die? I feel betrayed that I was also LIED to my whole childhood by society. MY POINT IS- I must “live” (which means struggle and suffer and pretend to be okay with this cruel world) when I didn’t even ask to be here in the first place, and then if anyone finds out u wanna die OR that you have attempted suicide, your CRAZY and HOW DAre YOU Do ThAt. Look, my BIGGEST question is why tf would people want to be here on this planet if it’s a pile of cruel, steaming, misleading, shit? 

I deeply appreciate any responses. Sry about the long essay. I really need to get this off my chest.