I dont know what is wrong with me please help!I have problem talking in long conversations, i love being around people but yet i just sit in a silent mode just listening to what people are saying, even when i try to talk i just throw comments about the subject people talking about i dont find anything else to say so i just keep listening and smiling.
My friends loves me though, i cant figure out the reason but it seems like i have a weird personality (they mentioned it before) but a cool one.
It takes me alot of time to start talking( years till i find the right personality thats suit them )  in group of friends ( never was able to talk to individuals specially females ) i can stay talking to a girl weeks by texting but if i saw her in street i act like i didnt see her or just smile and keep walking !
It feels like iam never the real me when iam around people i be what they like the most i think thats explain why iam so loved but i cant have a deep relationship with an individual just active in groups.
It feels like i dont have a specific personality i cant even decide what to eat when i go to a restaurant or something i just order what anyone ordering , when iam alone i just keep eating the samething over and over again.
I feel like iam a million personality and when i think deep i cant really find mine its like i never had one, i cant figure out what i like or hate.
Everybody telling me iam very smart i dont feel like it tho ( i got a very big brain size maybe thats why people think iam smart !) i love fixing computers but the problem is i dont figure  the problem my self i just write on google and apply the solution, i do that in every thing in life that people come to me to fix their stuff and i just do what i mentioned above and i do it, thats another reason people think iam smart. 
I suffer from depression nearly whole my life the main reason of my depression is my social abilities.
Just to mention my mother passed away when i was 7 years old my father had anger problems and used to beat me up alot with or without a reason.
Iam also not sure of what i wrote here, i cant really know how i feel or what is going on with me.
I also attempted suicide couple of times with no luck.
I never clean my room until there's no place to walk lol 
I dont take care of my body like i eat one time a day and i can stay months without drinking water just soda and red-bull.
I find it so weird to share my feeling with others even my family, and that one time i did i felt something like guilty later when i time to review my day at night, i nearly regret everything i did during the day.
I went to a doctor explained all that he prescribed me a depression and anxiety bills but didn't really work for my social life.
I find it very hard to focus i lose my attention so fast during conversations or studying.
Sometimes when i read stuff i have to read it couple more times in order to understand it.
Sometimes i feel like everybody is talking shit behind my back even when iam sure they dont i still find it make more sense that they do and it really drives me crazy.
Sorry for all that but iam trying to find out whats wrong with me.
And also excuse my english since its not my first language.
Iam 23 years old male by the way.
Thanks for your time ! 