Racist bullying has made me suicidalI’m a Junior in high school and one thing that has seemed to progress throughout the years is the racist bullying. I’ve grown as a person but as I’ve grown the more racist people get involved in my life. Since I was a child I’ve had to defend the fact I was black whether it was with elders or with kids my own age. I never really thought much about it till I was in middle school and these group of boys constantly called me nigger and ape and laugh at me. It wasn’t just me either. I’ve watched them bully this african refugee who showed up to school with bantu knots and people compared her to kodak black and posted photos of her all over the internet. I remember her laughing alongside with them because she couldn’t understand them and thought they were laughing at this meme shirt she was wearing but they were laughing at her. My sophomore year was the worst as my friends got boyfriends and those boyfriends called me nigger. They called me nigger for walking, sitting, eating, even for breathing. And my friends just let it happen. I get the whole dank shit but when that’s constantly your go to insult, it really starts to hurt. Ever since sophomore year my depression has gotten so much more worse and it doesn’t help that i’m constantly being bullied just for being black. And my friends say they’ll fix it but they don’t. I don’t hate being black. I love being black. I embrace it but there’s not a single space on this Earth that I can go to to not feel racially targeted. 

I almost committed suicide because my friends boyfriend took a photo of me and posted it on social media comparing me to jim crow and aunt jemima. I felt like a monster that day and I was so close to hanging myself but decided to scream into a pillow and cry and self harm till my eyes were swollen from crying. 

And as the racial problems increase in the US the more they are coming to me to attack me. For no reason.  I’ve spoken up about it multiple times to my friends and they brush it off with a slap on the wrist.

I’m so tired.