there's no other way out. no matter what i do, my life is ruined.TONS IS REMOVED DUE TO EXPLICIT SUICIDE METHOD CONTENT, hopefully you can piece it together. 

not even sure who i'm intending to read this… i just needed to type it. maybe i'll send it somewhere. take it with me to emerg. whoever you end up being… in advance i am sorry this is so disorganized, i am not in a headspace to edit for clarity and organization

Been through this so many times before, i know the drill. i call help lines, i go to emerg, i see my psych and MD, I talk, i try my best to be honest, i take my meds, hide the sharps/pills/ropes/car keys/etc.

it'll never stop, though. this is borderline pd, this isn't some temporary depression or bipolar that can be managed even somewhat with meds. all meds can do for me is the teensiest boost against the depression, but not the fucked up maniacal self-harm ideation. i am fucked to the core.

i have such detailed plans. 

it doesn't help i'm a master liar. i can convince whoever of whatever i want, easily. i try so hard to be honest especially with my supports and anyone psych/medical, but it isn't always easy when you feel like you're going to be locked up for what you say. 

so instead, i'll say it here. 

I've ___… i know it's such a hit and miss method, but i have _ ...  so instead i'm going to combine some kind of fatal methods and hope for the best. at the very least i'll be very sick, hopefully brain damaged, hospitalized, maybe institutionalized, reassessed for the 80th fucking time. maybe something will change if i live. if not, i'll die, and thank fucking god for that. i need out of this fucking mess of a life. it's not the life thats bad. theres sure some rough spots. but it's my own head that i can't handle. i can't handle being me and having my mind. trying to make it through every day when you're the danger to your health, wellbeing, future, etc…. "i'm my own worst enemy", i guess is the saying. i can't fix me. believe me I've tried. 

so, first i'll __ …  gorgeous view for my last jaunt out and about. an old favourite place.  i'll __ ...   i have done this 3 times, by now i have a handle on __ ... does what to me. ___…

lots of room for error… ___….

but like i said, i don't care. i'm not set on death. i'm set on damage and destruction and blood and highs and just that something changes. the end of this fucked head of mine. the end of my fake passions and lame efforts to make something of myself. 

no matter which route i take i'll be a disappointment. 

if i just admit myself to emerg, i'm sure i'll end up in psych again, lose time (lose my job, fail my summer class) and then i'm fucked again when i get out of hospital. 

if i make a meek attempt (cry out???), same thing. 

severe, full on attempt…. maybe i die. yessss. 

or, again. hospitalized, lose out on everything i'm trying so hard to build. 

theres no way i can make these words seen, my thoughts known, without my future jeopardized again. the only way out then is to flat out die. or get so fucked i can claim disability, but my ineptitude and debt and ruin relationships will still eat me alive. 

theres no way out. if i'm honest i'll be back on a psych ward. i know this. I've been through the system here. once school and the job are gone, it's likely my relationship and my parents will fuck off too. even if my parents don't they'll detest me. they don't get it. they don't get mental illness, they don't get bpd, and they don't get me.

even if everything goes as best it could, i get healthy some time in the future, i still will have ruined my education, be in crazy debt, and be working shitty jobs with no friends and a ton of regret. probably living with my parents, in the middle of buttfuck nowhere. 

i want none of my options. i want to get the fuck out of this body and end this fucking suffering. i hate everything, and it needs to end.  