Thank you Everyone from this SubredditToday, my bornday. (that’s how I call it)

I post the other day that I’m going to end my life today, my birthday. But I did try to think what I post before this morning. But I still feel the same. But a little better. I’m not happy nor feel thankful to be still alive. Of course I hate this. I cry it all out and hit my own self for me to wake my senses. It’s really just a heat in the moment and I let it all out through typing it in reddit. I think some people feels it too. To let your feeling out through this subreddit. And unexpected strangers try to help or talk to you. It helps a little through my broken heart. You see other people still worried about you even though they can’t reach you nearly but they feel the same. They do understand the pain. You can say they were just words, it wont help. But you still read it. It might has to be a little fragment of realization to see. And for me, it did.

So thank you. I’ll try my best to keep alive. I don’t expect too much though. Even though I’m alone, depress and lonely. If I can stop my feelings and distract myself I’ll do it. You do it too. If you feel sad, be sad for the moment. We are humans, we feel emotions, we are growing up, we experience things and we’ve been through so much. And if I ever say “I’ll kill myself today” it can be that day or maybe saying it all out makes you/me feel better and stronger the next day. Yeah, it hurts, so much hurt. I understand that. And I can still feel it. Heavy on my chest. Still trap. I can’t even see a better world and future for myself. 

But I’ll be with you guys through this pain. We deal with it together. Or throw it all the way. Make the adrenaline kick in. If you need to be emotionless, just to feel nothing, do it. Our life, our choice. And I choose to live even just one more day. To see what I can do. (Though I’m going to spend this day alone, maybe binge watch something or read posts from you guys) Try to live just another day.

Try.