Okay I need to get this off my chest!   So lately things have been going downhill for me. On February twenty first 2016 I was diagnosed with leukemia, Don't know the exact diagnoses, so do forgive me. Funny thing is all I remember on that day is going to pee then passing out on the bath tube. Only to awake to blood dripping out of my nose and feeling really dizzy and weak.
    
 Anyways the funny thing is when I called my mom to come and clean the bathroom, cause I somehow pissed myself and the pee was like all over my shorts, She started to freak out. Like I mean REALLY freak out. First thing she did was call 911. I uh remember telling her I cant afford to go to the hospital, I have no insurance. Then I passed out. lol. 
   
 Sorry for the tangents but fast forward a couple chemo cycles, months, and a bone marrow transplant later and here I am. Right now I gotta live right next to the hospital for safety reasons. But thankfully the hospital is paying for the lodging fees. 
   
 But that isn't the point. That isn't really whats slowly killing me. See this whole cancer shit started when I was on my way to finish high school. I was a senior with a average GPA and was really close to finishing school. Really close to getting that shitty diploma. I promised my mother that after I got my high school diploma things were gonna look up, life would get easier. I would be able to find a job and help her pay the bills. I was gonna support her and my little brother. But then this cancer shit happened and I cant do anything. My mom needs help but I cant do anything. 
  
 I feel like a fucking burden to my family. I feel like a fucking failure. Like all I do everyday is stay in bed. My mom takes me for walks but I tire so easily and sometimes she has to carry me. I cant pick up heavy shit without help. Im a fucking weak fuck. My mother has to take care of me. She has to drive me to my fucking appointments everyday. She needs to make sure I eat. I cant even cook my own food sometimes. I FUCKING HATE THIS SHIT SO MUCH.
   
 I am seriously considering offing my myself. Im so tired of being a burden to my family. I hate how I didn't finish high school. I hate being so dependent on others. 
  