Every day I regret not killing myself when I was 12When I was 12 I tried to hang myself, but it didn't work. I think everyone would have been better off if it did. If I had died then, I wouldn't have gone through years of intense bullying. I wouldn't have been raped when I was 14. I've been diagnosed with major depression, PTSD, anxiety, and OCD. I've been on countless medications and have been institutionalized twice. I've been seeing a therapist twice a week since middle school. I'm almost 25. 

I'm unemployed. I had to drop out of college because I had a psychotic break.  My parents help me with everything. I don't deserve it. I've never been in a relationship. I'm overweight and ugly.  The only men who have touched me are my rapist, and a random one night stand. Who would want to be in a relationship with the crazy girl?

I feel like I'm a leech to society. All this money has been spent on my medical bills, that could have gone to more deserving people. My parents have spent so much money keeping me afloat. Not to mention the emotional toll it takes on my family and friends to have me constantly struggling. The food I eat, the apartment I live in, everything I own could all be used by people who actually deserve it.  I'm a complete waste of oxygen. I feel so guilty. I've contributed nothing of value to society. I'm a freeloader and a nuisance. 

I should have killed myself in middle school. My family would be over it by now. Maybe it would've even raised awareness about bullying or depression. That would've done more good than I will ever do. I want to fix the mistake I made 13 years ago, and do it right this time. I want to free my friends and family from having to deal with me. It's selfish of me to have lived this long. I wish I could just get the courage to go through with it. I'm even a failure at suicide. I don't want to go to the hospital for suicidal thoughts again. I'm so tired. I just want to have never existed. Death doesn't scare me, but the pain of dying does. I'm such a fucking coward. I don't know what to do.