HiSo, hi.. I guess. Sorry this is really broken, I just ramble a lot.. All of it is relevant in one way or another I guess. // I don't really know if this'll actually work, hell, it's probably long shot after reading some of the other comments that have been posted. I guess I should start with the fact that I'm 15.

Feeling suicidal isn't exactly knew to me, I've been casually thinking of it for a good two years now which thinking upon I just kind of shrugged it off as puberty shit or whatever, hormones I guess. I've just been thinking recently and it has come to my realisation that suicide has been coming to my mind just more, and more. Hell, I even feel bad about thinking that I should kill myself after reading what others have put. You know, other people have family losses or huge God damn fallouts with everybody they know, and contrasting it to my reasoning just seems petty, but then again I guess I'll post here.

Family wise, I see that most of my family see me as some dysfunctional fuck, all I do in their eyes (aka relatives that aren't close to me) is sit on the computer all day, which to be honest, is true. The most they'll say to me is hello, and I've heard comments to my parents asking why is he so anti sociable and he's rude isn't he and then parents responding with oh he's always like this and how I should just be ignored. This also happens with my parents friends as well, it's just that I struggle with most conversations, hell most of the time I can't hold a one on one conversation for more than thirty seconds. My mum and dad are split up and my mum split from her boyfriend of four years about two weeks ago, I couldn't give less of a shit about him. He never talked to me and actively avoided me, the most he ever said about me was just theorising that all the problems his kids caused (who I got along with fine) were actually my fault.. And then saying this to my mum who then proceeded to shout at me. I'll get more into her later. My dad is probably the only family member I like a little, he basically lets me do most stuff freely, ie eat dinner wherever, sleep schedule my choice, things like that. I've got chores from him often but that's fine and he never shouts at me unless I've actually done something that really pisses him off, which has been about three times in fifteen years. He also sometimes (like once every two months) does stuff with me like go and golf. 

All of my free time is to go on computer, I browse web and play games like csgo and Terraria. My family see me as a disappointment because this is apparently all I do with my life, that I never go out with friends and that I should do more. That's just my mum that tells me that though. Stuff like homework I leave to do in school most times on the last day. My friends are very varied, and most I don't even know if they like me or if it's just some huge act to try and get me away whenever I attempt to socialise, the couple of friends that I have that don't constantly actively attempt to annoy, or hurt me emotionally or physically (in their minds probably just a bit of fun and doesn't annoy me) I do like and can talk to for a while so that makes breaks and lunches okay at school - outside of school I don't talk to those though, I stick to a couple of groups to talk to while playing games, but most of the time I'm silent, and the only reason they probably do talk to me is because they pity me (as one of them has said to me before privately). I have serious anger issues because of the whole amount of stuff that has been said to me now and in previous three to four years and I keep trying to bottle it up, but then sometimes I'll slip up and start getting incredibly annoyed at something so pathetic but I just can't contain myself. Nobody gets hurt, because I'm weak, and thin. 

I feel like my parents don't like me, and although I like my dad, I only see him on weekends and it seems like he doesn't like to me. The most conversation he has with me is telling me what dinner is, and when he's going to bed. My mum on the other hand, it seems all she does is get annoyed at me and shout at me, we know I have Aspergers, although it's pretty mild it doesn't affect looks or how smart I am like it does in some, she knows that because of this she has said she'll stop shouting at me and getting annoyed, however it doesn't happen and probably only said that in front of the person who diagnosed me to make it seems like she loves me. She'll get annoyed at something and then also take it out on everyone else, however I'm normally the only one there, resulting in it just being me shouted at. 


The one friend that I told recently that I thought of killing myself said that's a stupid idea, and that's it. It proves that they don't care.

Overall I feel pathetic, and that my family doesn't care for me. The little amount of friends I have will not be affected by my death and recently I have been feeling very on edge, and suicidal thoughts are constantly popping up, and if I did kill myself it would mean me not doing badly at school aka annoying the teachers, and it would at most affect someone for 2 minutes, and they'd just go on without giving a shit. I already have a suicide plan which consists of ODing on pills and jumping off an unfenced bridge, probably also hitting a car at the bottom. I've had enough of having to hide between fake smiles and laughs at jokes and comments aimed at me. I refuse to go to a physiatrist or tell my family. The one friend I did tell didn't care.

I need help. :(