I'm ready to go, and I'm calm. Which makes me even more certainI have dealt with a lot in my life. I'm sparing the details because I suspect that if I were to elaborate, I'd just receive messages saying how I've "come this far" or that I've proven I can stand up to hardships etc etc. I was abused throughout my childhood, poor for most of my life, etc. But this has gotten me nothing. 

I'm accepting that I don't have a future doing what I want to do in life, and that the only option I really have is continuing the kind of work I do part time in college in food service. My first job was in a *lab*. I gave presentations and won awards. I've worked in so many labs and I've done so many things and even I can't get a fucking internship because I'm a fucking idiot. My current job makes me feel legitimately subhuman. I cry whenever I get off work because I feel so worthless. I have ambitions. I've put so much work into fulfilling them. And it'll end in ruins. 

With the government planning to massively tax graduate school, that options is already out, but I already knew it would be. I don't think I could get in with my 3.1 gpa. And I don't really want to. Graduate degrees seem to be more of a burden than anything. 

I just want to work in a lab. I don't even care if I make meager money, as long as I can afford my studio apartment and take pride in my work. But I have no pride in my work right now, and I don't foresee myself even finding a job once I graduate, which is in a little over a year. I can't even get a second internship. I already had one, and get this-- they gave me an offer back and I said *no*. Because I thought I should broaden my horizons. And now I've lost the only luck I ever had. I could have been set, and safe, and I ruined that. 

I have a bottle of barbituates from when I had chronic migraines. I made a map of my entire future, and the different tendrils that it might take, and none of them lead anywhere positive. My options are spent. I don't have a future. And I'm not obligated to work as a pack-mule to serve all the professionals with better lives than mine for the rest of my life. They can't make me do that. No one can. 

I'm afraid to die. But I consider what I'm about to do an act of defiance. I refuse to live in survival mode just for the sake of people who have no empathy towards me. I wanted a fulfilling life. I wanted to do what I loved, even if it didn't pay well. I wanted to cultivate an image for myself, and develop hobbies, and make friends, and this will never happen if I work a dead-end job for the rest of my life, and I honestly question why anyone does, or anyone continues living a life like that, barring children and spouses. I want a fulfilling life, or I want death. And I will never have a fulfilling life, so I'm stopping the train before it derails. Or, in a sense, I'm derailing it myself. But at least I'm in control. 