i think i'm finally going to end my lifeI never thought I'd make it to 30. I'm 23 now and I feel like I've tried long enough. I gave it a good run. I went to therapy, took meds, even went to the hospital. But each time I felt better the crash was worse and worse every time. The happiness only ever lasts for a few weeks, and then it's back to square one.

I can tell people are getting sick of my shit. They have to constantly tell me the same things, over and over again. I feel so guilty every day I'm here. Everyone tries so hard and I still have nothing to give them. I say "thank you" and "I'm sorry" and "I love you" and "I'll try harder" but it's all meaningless.

I keep picturing myself downing a whole bottle of pills alone in my favorite park. Or hanging myself from the bridge near my house. I've already written a few notes for the people I care most about. If I walk into traffic do you think they might believe it was an accident? I can hide the notes so they won't find them for a few weeks... I can write an email, or write a blog post and set it to publish a few days from now.

I don't want to ask for help because the hospital is expensive. Treatment is expensive. If they try to stop me that means someone at work will have to cover my shift and my parents will have to call and make up an excuse for why I can't go to work. I'll miss the semester and my grandparents will be upset and sad. It's just easier to die at this point. At least I won't have to be around to see what happens next. I told my friend I'd see her today, and I'm too scared to cancel, it'll be better for them to just find me dead. I've run out of excuses.

My siblings are home from school so I'll have to catch the bus or something. I don't want them to find my body. I gotta finish these notes first. 

I kind of want to eat one last big meal, maybe take a nice hot bath one last time. Maybe I'll go catch a movie and go to the pet store and look at all the cute animals one more time. I can take one last walk through the park, go to the museum one last time. I want to make my last day nice. I feel a lot calmer knowing this is the end. I feel serene knowing I won't be in pain anymore. I'm gonna make it a peaceful last day.

thanks for reading