I didn’t want to offload on all of you folks again, but I had nowhere else to goSo I made a post on here somewhat recently, the night after I almost killed myself, and you guys had some awesome words of encouragement. I didn’t want to be “that guy” that continually posts about how shitty they are and throwing a pity party without actually improving. But here I am again, crying in the bathroom at work, debating booting out the door and into the path of an oncoming semi, and I have no idea where else to go. 

Since my last post, things have taken a downturn for me. I mentioned before that I felt like the odd one out in my own friend group, the one that had no idea how to make new friends and could barely interact normally with the ones I had. Now, I feel even more ostracized, but it’s my own damn fault. Every time I go out and socialize, every time I try to have a good time with other people, I somehow find a way to mess up, making it awkward for the rest of the event or just outright leaving out of shame (followed by thoughts of “you don’t deserve them, why do you hang out with them, you just drag them down”). Worse, my roommate, the one that I really felt comfortable around, transferred to a new school over 3 hours away. I didn’t think it would hurt as much as it does, but goddamn, losing the friend that felt like he understood everything, the one that *introduced me to literally everyone I interact with at my college*, fucking sucks. Knowing him, he’s not the type to keep in touch either; he’ll move on, and I’m back to feeling like the one that doesn’t belong in the friend group. In addition, I feel starved for intimacy, but have never even held a girl’s hand, let alone been in a relationship. How can I possibly expect to improve in that regard, though, given where I am now, mentally?


I also mentioned that I don’t even feel comfortable sharing this stuff with my own family. My mother, who I’ve always butted heads with for various reasons, insisted that nothing was wrong the last time I tried to talk about it, going into a yelling fit about “how I shouldn’t be depressed” (I’m not medically diagnosed, and I don’t want to self-diagnose or anything like that, but it’s a strong possibility, more on that later), “just look at how great your life is”. My dad isn’t a very empathetic person, and it’s hard to go to him for support since he sees it all as an excuse for laziness. 

Speaking of laziness, I’ve hit a point where everything seems impossible, like I’m too lazy for life. Trying to lose weight and not be a fat piece of shit has failed yet again, efforts to improve socially have led to feeling like a failure of a person, attempts at a better sleep cycle and improving my organizational and general living habits get dropped within days. Even my attempts at seeking professional help have failed; I managed to speak to a school counselor, who gave me the contact information to some local therapists that could help me, but I haven’t had the willpower to pick up the phone and call. The best way I can describe all this is with an analogy: it’s like I took a shit on the floor, then sat in it. I know that the situation sucks, I don’t want to be in it anymore, and I can improve it with minimal effort, but instead I continue to wallow.  I feel like happiness is something I, with my lackluster self and minimal drive to make something of myself instead of being a burden on others, don’t deserve. As such, what’s left other than to find some way to end it, to stop being such a needy, unappealing social parasite on the people I care about?


Before, there were a total of two people that I felt I could trust, the only two people that I could tell about my deteriorating mental state: my childhood friend and my older half-sister. Now, my friend has stopped talking to me at all, with attempts to hang out or strike up conversations being met with one word responses. Meanwhile, my sister (who lives thousands of miles away as-is) has had to deal with way too much of my bullshit. She’s a busy lady, with her own struggles in life, and I can’t possibly burden her with my troubles anymore. 


In short, I feel more and more alone in the world, but I also know that it’s my own fault. I thought that I could feel better in my last post, that I could aspire to feel better in my own skin, to be a better friend and person, to be *normal*. Now though, even that feels unattainable, and all that’s left is to be miserable because I can’t even take the first steps at *not* being this way. I’m sorry, I don’t mean for this to be a pity party or anything like that, nor do I want to burden some random stranger on Reddit yet again with my personal baggage. I’m just here, at the end of my rope, not sure if I can go on for much longer before I do something drastic.