A Very Long Stream Of Consciousness About My Unhealthy StateMy life is rather boring and I feel very little attachment to it right now. I get suicidal thoughts here and there but I've mostly just accepted life is meaningless and one day it'll end, so my depression is not as bad anymore. Well, I'm not really sure whether or not it's better or worse.

I'm probably in a very bad natural state. I live in a messy house (and my older brother keeps messing it up no matter how many times I've cleaned it, so I've given up), I only take a shower every 3 or 4 days, the only people I interact with are online strangers or the people that ring up my food, I pass all of my days on my computer doing literally nothing sometimes, and to top it all off, I've already selected a date to end my life.

I know exactly when and how I will die, and when that date arrives, if I fail after the first time, I'm going to keep trying until I succeed. Every single day is just me waiting until that day arrives. People say that I've gotten more confident and what not. I'm not more confident. I've just lost a lot of care in my life, so I have no problem confronting situations head-on and with certainty because I legitimately don't care about the result. Whether or not my life is ruined by doing certain things matters very little to me.

Worry not, I'm not doing anything dangerous. I'm not going to go touch anyone and I'm not going to go murder anyone because my moral sense is still in check and I understand other people care about their life and are different from me. Other people watch their diet, exercise, make friends, and have a family because they care about making memories and enjoying their life before they go off, whereas I can't muster the ability to enjoy anything and I'm openly inviting death upon myself.

Every single day, every single hour, I'm thinking about when I will die. Every time I go to sleep, I'm prepared to not wake up. I assume that I will die from a brain aneurysm in my sleep every time I do and that I will probably be in the afterlife when I wake up. Every single time. There's a saying that death catches people when they least expect it, but it won't catch me offguard because I'll always expect it. There's never a second when I'm not thinking about how a situation will lead to death.

I fear death but not as much anymore. After some logical thinking and some back-and-forth on the topic, I've decided that it's very improbable that after death just lies "nonexistence". I don't believe it, and even if it is the case, I won't know about it. Nonexistence is depressing to think about, so I'm trying to convince myself that there's an afterlife instead. Any afterlife. It doesn't matter as long as there is one. If there wasn't, I wouldn't be able to sleep at night.

I think the only way for me to be happy is to finally enter the after-life. I don't think my life on Earth is going to become enjoyable any-time soon. It's just going to be a monotonous rut for as long as I live. College is supposed to be a rather colorful period in everyone's time or at the very least, a turning point or small peak on the valley that is life, and yet, for me it's been exactly like HS, which was exactly like MS, which was exactly like Primary School. Nothing's changed my entire life.

Nothing will change either. I'll get a job and the work environment will probably be exactly like College. I'm going to work until I turn old, at which case I'm free to do what I want until I die, and the government throws me money every month until that happens. Nothing is happy about this. I'm a misanthrope and rather asocial, so starting a family or anything is not really a consideration. It's just going to be me by myself, and I'm going to die alone as well. And I'm prepared for such an outcome.

I've come to terms with the fact that I will die by myself having not lived the fulfilling life everyone keeps talking about and having not changed from start to finish. Maybe before I even reach my designated date to depart, something horrible happens which prevents me from doing so or I'll die before-time. Unforeseen, but not unexpected. Alternatively, maybe something miraculous happens to me that changes something. Realistically, it won't, but I'll welcome such developments.

This post is getting rather long and I'm sure it's already long past the skipping point for many people, so I'm just going to end it here. I just wanted to share what was going through my mind and maybe if anyone had any insight or advice on what to do, they could comment. I've been thinking maybe I should move my suicide date a bit closer since there's not really much going on that's stopping me from doing so. Maybe instead of a long time from now, I move it to a year from now or maybe a month or week from now. I'm not sure.

In any case, thanks for reading I suppose.