Here's to another year of survival, since that's all that the last one was.I know that pretentious quotes often talk about how people 'aren't really living', and so id like to avoid being associated with that. That said, I do feel that in a sense I really am not 'living'. People talk about 'survival mode' whenever they are in a very stressful place, but I realize that for myself survival mode is more of a lifestyle than anything else. I've just been trying to survive how I feel and how my life goes for years. I have bipolar, and I won't start medication until the end of this month at the earliest and don't know when I'll start getting therapy (wait times are abominable). Ive had the illness chronically - I have episodes of mania/mixed states, but these are punctuating an essentially constant depression. Right now I'm very depressed and dipping extremely low. I want you to understand that this will not pass, or will at best pass into a manic state which could be even worse than the depression. I've been living this so long, and I'm so tired of doing it, and feeling like I'm barely dragging myself through every day, on the constant verge of collapse. I'm so sick of my bullshit. I've just been surviving for years. I haven't enjoyed life at all in years (and possibly ever). I don't really even have hope anymore for anything. When I was a kid I was a loner. Not antisocial or bad at socializing, I was just very introverted and didn't relate to any of the other kids. I was told this would get better once I got to high school. It didn't. I interacted fine, made acquaintances, and drove away the few people I really cared about because I was a manic asshole. They didn't really care about me, but that doesn't mean how I acted was acceptable. One of them committed suicide last March, and we hadn't had contact since November because of my manic behaviour (she got sick of dealing with me). I still feel guilty for that. I knew she went through some extreme trauma and tried my hardest to be understanding, but my stupid behaviour got the best of me. I could habe tried to reach out at any point, but i was so ashamed that i never tried. Her mother came to my house personally to tell me she had died, and to invite me to the funeral. I dont know why; i wasnt significant to her daughter neyond being something to vent to. I feel like I'm personally responsible to some degree - not that she got to that point, but that I wasn't there for her at all and wasn't able to be as good to her as I wanted. However, thats beside the main point, and just something that I've dwelled on a lot. I was told in high school it would be university that I'd make my friends, but now I'm there and I'm not even making acquaintances in second year. I don't even really want to be in university. I'm doing fine, I had 90s in high school without trying and I'm getting As in some of my university courses. I just don't enjoy it, and I'm not really doing a program that I'm interested in. I prefer things like history, English,  and philosophy, but I can't really get a job with those. I also don't really want a job. I see it as the culmination of the monotony of my previous life. It'll be the last variety gone from my life. Whatever dis tan hopes I could hold out about interesting experiences in university will be displaced by a certainty that I'll be doing the same thing for the next 30 years, until I retire and die alone. I feel completely hopeless and worthless. I can't blame others for where I am. It's entirely the result of myself as a person and the illness I have. No one else is at fault. I have no social supports. I tried telling my older brother, and he was clearly uncomfortable with it and didn't really know what to say. I try to talk to my mother and she dismisses whatever I say and gets angry at me (that's turned out great in the past when I was manic). I have no one else to talk to. I don't really have close friends  I have acquaintances I interact with on skype and othere I see/talk to maybe once a month, but I'm otherwise alone. I can't talk to any of them. Even the nice ones who try to understand people's issues all still have the attitude about how certain people are crazy. I recognize that I am the crazy one. I've had psychosis. I've been suicidal. I meet their standards for crazy. There's nobody like me around. I'm too crazy for the ones who have issues. Some of them are willing to talk to me (or at me) about their problems, but theirs are much more normal than mine, and I recognize that they can't help or even understand where I am. I'm doomed to this loneliness and detachment I feel from everything. People sometimes compliment me, saying I'm the funniest or the smartest or nicest or whatever person they know, but they're wrong. I'm a charmless idiot that spends so much time in his own head that I come up with somewhat novel things to say sometimes. That's the entirety of my value. Sure, people vent to me sometimes, and some used to trust me, but that's all. I'm a brick wall they can speak to. I serve no other purpose and hold no other value to them. I've had it expressed to me again and again by others that I'm at my best when Im essentially an observer with ears. The moment I supersede that boundary, it is made aggressively clear that nobody really cares for me as a person (and who would? I'm incredibly boring, introverted,  and mentally ill) and I don't interest anybody beyond that use. I don't think there are any chances for intimacy for me. It feels like I have a vast warmth underlying my cold exterior, but I can't express it or share it with anyone. I don't want to be an asshole, cut off from others. I really don't.  I want to share that warmth with another human being. I want to love somebody and be passionate about them, and I want it to be mutual. Unfortunately, I'm too boring, unlike others, and crazy.  No one is capable of loving me. I'm losing my ability to survive the waves more and more. I think it'll pull me under soon.  The main source of my social interaction, skype, is off limits right now. I drank a little bit for new years (not even a bottle of beer - terrible idea) and felt really depressed and started expressing some of how I felt to a couple others. I don't think they cared about it and probably found it off, but I'm not sure. I caught myself and said I'm getting way too depressing and I'm going to pull others down and that I'm going to take a break pretty abruptly. I didn't see if anybody had said anything, but I did that new years eve and haven't gone back on. I just know they don't really care for it, but I'm so desperate to find some source of comfort that I want to let it all out. I'm going to avoid the group for a while, possibly from now on. I know none of them care, even if some of them have trusted me with some relatively personal things. I have no other friends. I have no idea how to make any like me  nothing seems enjoyable. It all seems hopeless. I know that the phrase goes 'no man's an island', but it sure as hell feels like it to me. I'd love to build a bridge to form a connection with someone else - I crave it, in fact - but I just don't see how it's possible. I want so much for sone one to love me, but I know that no one can and that it probably wouldn't work out anyways because of how fucked I am. 