Been thinking a lot my own self worth and the ol temporary problem thing.I looked up the definition of the word temporary. All it said was, lasting only for a limited period of time and not permanent. So what is that? A week? A year? 17 years? So I thought about it some more and I decided that the word, at least for me, will mean until it’s gone. Until the feeling is gone. Then I thought about it again and I decided that you’d have to consider the scale of things. My grandmother is 92 and on a grand scale, that’s also temporary. Life is temporary. 

It’s been more than half my life now and it hasn’t gone. This feeling, this..hurt. It stays. I don’t know about anyone else but my self worth can only take so much when every other source tells me the opposite. “You aren’t worth it” they say. There’s other stuff but at this point it doesn’t really matter. 

Why is it a struggle? Why is it always a fight? 

I’m not an athlete but I’ll use one for my comparison. There comes a point in every athletes life where at least ONE time, the brain has told the body to stay down. Boxers, right? At some point a boxer will get knocked down and the brain tells me body “do NOT get back up” and the count to 10 and done. 

That is where I’m at. My brain is telling my body to stay down this time. Don’t get back up. It is most likely a fear reaction of being knocked down again but that doesn’t matter either. 

I’ve tried therapy, all sorts of drugs and none of them worked. What I needed, can’t be bottled and therapy for the most part was unsuccessful. Either an attempt to convince me that what I needed wasn’t really what I needed or just hey man, why don’t you try moving to China and see what happens there. 

I’ve traveled. I’ve seen the world and tbh, it isn’t that great. Changing my environment isn’t where I derive my happiness though I am glad it works for some people. I’ve made and lost friends. That’s life right? People come and go. I’m quite sure that if anyone reads this you’ll remember it for a day, maybe and then forget about it. People come and go. 

So here we are. Many years later and still the same problem. Temporary? Sure. But all life is temporary. 

To anyone reading this, if you’re looking for help I really hope you find and get it. Life looks wonderful but it isn’t for me. 

You win, bitch. 
