I'm a failure and a disappointment. When there's nothing left but guilt, why continue?I've always said that I would kill myself if life got too hard. I don't believe in god or an afterlife, so it always seemed like the right thing to do. My life philosophy has been to enjoy myself, and if that's no longer possible, what's the point?

I am everything I don't want to be. I'm a 24 year old college dropout virgin living in my mom's basement, working for my dad, buried in debt and getting high everyday. I got myself into credit card debt in my time in college, and because I'm capable of making long-term plans but incapable of following them in the short term, it's not gotten any better. I've spent the last two years with the *active goal* of getting out of credit card debt, and I'm exactly where I was when I started. I'd be worse off if I hadn't already hit my credit limit, I'm sure.

But this isn't about money. This is about guilt. I have let down everyone I know and love on so many occasions that they have lost faith in me. And rightly so. I'm flakey. If I promise to do something, I *might* do it. If only my conscience would let me live like that... I feel terrible every time I go back on my word, every time I so much as suspect that I've let someone down. The only thing that has kept me going till now was the constant deep feeling of guilt. Is that any way to live?

I have no self-motivation. I can't do *anything* unless someone's breathing down my neck about it. Left to my own devices, I get high, play video games, masturbate and sleep. Wake up, rinse, repeat. I let my lizard starve and dehydrate to the point that when I finally tried to give him water, he was so weak he drowned in it. I got a puppy with my previous roommate, and we neglected him until he took off one day and got hit by a car. And that was the better fate for him... Two weeks ago, I skipped an entire week of work. I haven't gone to work since Thanksgiving now. I'm an embarrassment to my dad; he wants me to do well, he tries to push me, but I don't respond. I haven't said a word to him since Sunday, not even to tell him I won't be coming in. Because then I'd feel worse, and I'm a coward. I have a sense of responsibility, but no willpower, so my commitments end in disappointment for all and guilt for myself.

Somewhere along the line, I failed to learn basic human social skills. I can't carry a conversation. I get scared and can't describe my ideas to anyone. I'm reading a book, you ask me about it. I give you a dismissive answer and go back to reading, not because I'm an asshole, but because you scare the shit out of me. I'm terrified of touching people; anything from an attention-getting poke to a hug. Hell, I can't even say people's *names* because it feels wrong. Because of all this, it takes a huge amount of effort for me to even be in social situations, let alone try to talk to people. I end up isolated by choice, and hating myself for it.

So that's what it comes down to. I'm a selfish, loathsome person, and I hate myself for it. I feel nothing but guilt and self-loathing, except when I'm escaping through drugs and entertainment. The only thing stopping me from killing myself now is figuring out the best method and who to leave notes for.


EDIT: I drove around today looking for a good place to jump from, but couldn't find one. I spent the rest of the day in a weed-fueled haze at a friend's house almost entirely quiet, drifting in and out of consciousness. Then, as I was coming home, I pulled into a cemetery and spent the next hour holding a knife to my throat and listing the reasons I had to die.

But obviously, I couldn't do it. I called my therapist to schedule an appointment as soon as possible. Clearly my antidepressant is no longer cutting it. I'm going to talk to my mom about my attempt tomorrow morning, and my dad at work. I hope for the best with that.

Thanks everyone who posted. This morning, I was sure this was my last day. I'm not sure how long I'll keep at it, but you've given me the strength to try for a while longer.