I just need someone to tell me it's going to be ok.Throw away account.  I just need to vent.

This year's been shit.  Been feeling like shit ever since the beginning of the year.  My last semester of college, last semester before I graduate, and I couldn't be feeling more miserable.  It's hard for me to get up in the morning, it's hard for me to care about anything, it's hard to focus.  I keep telling myself "You're almost there.  You can do it.  Just a few more months."  But it hasn't been working.  If I wake up, I have to force myself on my feet, force myself to get my fat lazy ass to class.  

This year's been shit because two hours before I was supposed to go back to college, I find out my brother flunked out of college. He had been hiding it from our parents, but they found out, and he had a full-blown break down.  He admitted to suicidal thoughts, he admitted to lying to them, to ME, goddamn it he lied to ME.  We lived together, in the same dorm, and he would leave for class, but guess what, he didn't actually go to class.  He'd shut himself up somewhere and play fucking computer games.  So I had to go to college, move back into our dorm we were supposed to share together, and unpack my things.  All the while knowing had my brother come back with me, had my parents not found out when they did, he would have killed himself.

I spent the next few days emotionally drained and hollow.  I still am today.  I'm still angry, bitter, at almost anything I can find myself to get angry about.  I draw as a hobby, and it's one of the few things I find joy in doing.  But I find myself getting more and more frustrated, more furious with my drawings and my mind keeps telling me how much I suck.  "Good thing your dad didn't let you go to art school.  You're miserable.  You're a failure.  Can't do anything right.  Holy shit what's wrong with you?  You'll never be a great artist, fuck, you'll never be a good one.  Why are you even trying?" 

Sometimes the only thing that manages to get me through each day is my loving girlfriend.  She's been there for me whenever I needed to talk.  But she lives three states away, and goddamn it, I miss being with her.  Oh, did I mention my family hates her?  How my brothers and sisters (and yes, the suicidal one too) is telling me I have terrible choice in girls and I'm only going to end up fucking her and getting her pregnant? How my dad keeps glaring at the only goddamn person in this fucking world who gives two shits about me?  

I don't know.  I'm venting.  Rambling.  Probably not making a whole lot of sense.  All I know is that lately I've been feeling more and more miserable.  I can't remember the last time I was genuinely happy.  

I'm just so angry and depressed. I just need help.