I have everything ready to kill myself with, just waiting for it to get worseI don't want to get better. I don't give a shit about anything. 



I'm trans, MTF, 17 and have really bad anxiety. On the outside I look like any other 17 year old dude, even to my family. But on the inside I'm a completely different person. 




In my backpack (which I take everywhere I go) I've made a hidden section in it, in which has 60 500mg pills of paracetamol (a lethal amount), £250 in cash, and a cheap £10 burner phone, and a suicide note. I've thought of a plan of travelling to the other side of the country (I'm in the UK), overdose then jump off a bridge or jump in front or a train or something similar. I'll overdose before I jump incase the worst happens and jumping doesn't work. I've read online how to go missing without being tracked down easily, and I've learned how to do it. 



Everyone says transitioning will fix it, but I can't transition. My anxiety is terrible, I'm too anxious to see a doctor, get a job, or tell anyone. I trust no one. Talking about feelings is something we NEVER do in our family, and I don't trust anyone enough to say anything. Plus having someone in my family who has mental issues at the moment had made it pretty much impossible for me to say anything without looking like I want attention or anything. 



I don't see a point anymore. I will always be born male anyway. I'll never be happy. I can't wait the NHS 2-year wait to get HRT. I don't see any point in living. I can't afford to go private, and if I self medicate I need blood tests done but I'm too anxious to see a doctor about it, and I'll go infertile too which I don't want, so I have to freeze sperm which I can't afford. 




I don't want to get better anyway. I want to get worse, so I can just build enough courage to actually go ahead and kill myself. I've occasionally been close to overdosing, but each time I even think about getting the pills out I always back down, but I know it isn't going to last much longer and I'm going to have to do it. 


I know I'm not going to be alive this time next year, I can just feel it. I'm not entirely sure if I'll be alive in 6 months either. It might be tomorrow, might be in a few months. I'm just playing the waiting game until I can actually do it. 




Wtf can I do? I can't call a suicide line, I'll be overheard. I can't see a therapist, I'm too anxious too. I'm too anxious to even call anywhere, I get really bad phone anxiety too. 



