My best friendI'm a 17/F. Life has been a bumpy road for quite a while now. 
I feel like I'm drowning in my own quiet life. It's kind of like breathing in humid, muggy air that's sort of crushing you. My grades have lightly been slipping. My mom and I both ended up in the hospital recently due to infections. I've never quite liked myself, and I'm drowning in schoolwork and personal issues. I feel crushed by the capacity of things I have to balance, not to mention I'm almost a legal adult and have to move out soon. Not just this stuff, but the way I feel. It's a feeling I'm unable to explain. It's empty and dark but at the same time so full of hurt that it's a crushing weight. It's a lot of emotion, and I just can't seem to pin down what the source of this emotion is. Maybe it's stress, maybe I'm just sad. I don't know.
My true saving graces have been my friends. I've made 3 extremely good friends this school year, and they've stuck by me through thick and thin. They've listened to me and supported me, give me a buttload of compliments and make me genuinely feel good about being me, helped me out with problems, and cared for me. These people are my best friends, and I would trust them with my life. We all have a bond, but I've become really close to my absolute best favorite friend. It's definitely not feelings for her at all, and it's nothing romantic from any angle whatsoever. I'm straight, she's straight, and we both have separate love interests. She's just my best friend. She gets what I'm saying and agrees with me on stuff. She's like a sister to me. She seems to genuinely understand some of the stuff in my house and she's kept all my secrets safe and sound.
However, two days ago, she moved across the country. I've known this was oncoming for months now, but it still hurts like a bitch. She's been so close to me, and she feels like one of the only people I can truly rely on. She was in most of my classes and would help me out and make me laugh a lot. She was my best bud in almost every situation at school and home. I don't know what I'll do without her here. There's a big hole in my life and I have no one to rely on. I don't know what to do. I feel so alone.