I can't go on anymore and I don't want to eitherI'll turn 28 soon, remember being depressed since I was about 16, just being unable to fall to sleep wishing I'd be dead not knowing what's wrong with me or having anyone to talk to. I'm living at home,working a shitty part time job I hate but which also pays too little to get my own flat or room. Last year I helped ruin a loveless relationship of 8+ years and since then I've been feeling lonely like never before. I tried pills and therapy this year but it feels like the more I try to fix things the worse everything gets, I get no enjoyment from anything because nothing interests me anymore nor do things make me feel better when I force myself to do them. I have no friends left in real life and I don't know how to make some, all my contacts are online at this point because I'm so afraid of getting rejected. I try to seek comfort from my online friends but I feel like I'm just disappointing them and pushing them away because I don't get any better. 

I recently came back from traveling to meet a girl I met online about half a year ago whom I had feelings for. She's 12 years younger than I am but we had a good friendship going (with ups and downs of course, but I cared so much for her I just wanted to be there for her to help her with her depression and self harming issues) and we thought it would be a good idea to meet up and see how things work out in real life between us. She's been a great inspiration to me and made me feel like a man and not just a teenage boy for the first time in my life. I started eating healthy and doing sports and for some time, when she said she loved me too, I was actually happy.

 Things went horribly wrong of course, she lost feelings for me weeks before I actually went there because I was "getting too close" and she tried to get rid of me (I know she's like that and I chased her before and never regretted it so I didn't give it much thought) - we stayed friends and she kept hinting that she wants more and how important I am to her and whatnot so I went anyways. Well once I'm there we spent 2 days and a night together after which she tells me she's actually interested in some other online friend of hers and we can be friends but indirectly hints that she doesn't want to see me for the rest of the week (due to family events that she can't skip and her parents being wary of her going out and stuff). 

She hooked me up with her best friend with whom I spent the rest of the trip together and she told me the truth. Girl 1 didn't want to see me anymore and instead preferred to play online games with the guy she's interested in, she spent the night with me to get back at said guy who did the same thing with a local girl at a party. 

I spent hours just walking and talking with girl 2,getting to know her and listen to her own issues and I felt really comfortable with her because she's just such a lovely girl. She asked me to stay at the hotel with me because her parents are always fighting and she wanted to get away from it, so wanting to help her I agreed to it. Being the idiot that I am I started getting feelings for her because I felt a real connection. I was so happy to spend time with her and when the time to say goodbye came closer and closer she did an amazing job comforting me. I still can't remove myself from the sadness of seeing her leave my life, probably forever. She doesn't want a relationship with me but she's still talking to me online (I guess she's too nice to tell me off). There's nothing on my mind but that I want to tell her that I love and miss her and how much she means to me, which I do but I know it's obviously uncomfortable for her.

Seeking comfort from other online friends while I was on my own there feeling awful for being played like that by girl 1, another one of my online friends (also a girl I was interested in and wanted to meet next month actually) found out that the girl I met was 15 and thinks I'm a terrible person for the things I did. (Age of consent in both our countries is 14). Everything was done with respect,care, and consent. I just wanted to be there for them when they told me they needed someone in their life and not just online to talk to. Girl 3 told me it's unacceptable that I shared a bed with teenage girls and held their hands/cuddled while talking so she said we can't be friends anymore and we should not meet.

By looking for love and maybe some closeness so I don't feel as lonely I managed to ruin 2 friendships that were very important to me. Sure I gained one friendship but there's no happy ending to it either, at some point she will find some other guy she likes or she will just stop talking to me. My next therapy session is a week away and I don't know how I should cope until then. I feel like everything I worked for this year I managed to destroy. I thought going away would help me distance myself from my problems but I'm now worse off than ever before. I don't have the will or energy anymore to fix things until the next time they break. I just want to end my life so I can stop being my stupid self. People in real life seem to avoid me like the plague while people online tell me I'm a great and lovely guy, it feels like a cruel joke and torture and it just hurts so much. I don't know how to be happy by my own and I can't find anyone who will let me make them happy or love them. 


This weekend I'm going out looking for a spot because I don't want my mom to be the first person to find me. There's no happiness in my life and I'm tired of looking for it, I accept that it's not meant for everybody so I surrender. I haven't eaten in 2 days and I don't feel like doing it either because I'm just feeling so incredibly sick from sadness and depression. 