Suicide (I have decided )So I have been debating my options on if I should continue living. I decided suicide is the way to go but my dad figured out about my plan. He told me were getting McDonald's and next thing you know I was in a mental institution.When I told the physiatrist about the reasons why I want to kill myself (Read below for 10 reason why) he thought I was transgender I tried to explain that I'm not transgender. The reason  is that I hate the biological factors of being a female unfairness of being one. But he kept arguing that I'm transgender. He then called me an idoit and said he is the professional and your the crazy one who needs help (umm ok😐). I talked to another physiatrist who was also male he actually agreed with me but he kept saying things like you matter and shit like that. I hate mental hospitals the food taste like shit the beds were hard to sleep on and it was boring as hell.I actually starved my self for 3 days and didn't drink anything becuse the food was bad until they forced me to eat. Then I realised they don't give a danm if I die they just care about money. (If I die they don't get money for my stay)

Option1 Die ( I believe when you die nothing happens just darkness)😁

Option 2 Be at biological disadvantage and weaker then more than half of the population.🤮


1.Metblisom 
Men tend to have a faster metabolism, too — anywhere between 3 to 10 percent higher than women, studies have shown. Women are naturally meant to have a higher body fat percentage than men. 

2.Strength 
Men are physically stronger than women, who have, on average, less total muscle mass, both in absolute terms and relative to total body mass. The greater muscle mass of men is the result of testrone-induced muscular hypertrophy. Men also have denser, stronger bones, tendons, and ligaments. 

3. Height 
Men are taller than women, by an average of about 15cm or 6 inches. The average adult man in America is 175.8cm tall, versus 162cm for the average adult woman. 

4. Pregnancy 
Men are capable of fathering children into old age. Also a man dose not have to do much if they want a child just pop a nut. Some abdominal cramping and pain during pregnancy  is often very normal, associated with everything from constipation or increased blood flow to the uterus in the first trimester to Braxton-Hicks contractions or round ligament pain in the second and third trimesters. Most symptoms from pregnancy include Frequent urination,Swollen legs,Tingling or numbness in fingers and hands,pelvic pressure,back pain,pigmentation and breastpain. (I have never been pregnant this is just research I found) 

5. Periods
Cramps are caused by prostaglandins (say: pross-tuh-GLAN-dinz), chemicals a girl's body produces to make the muscles of the uterus contract.Many women with migraines report headaches before or during menstruation. Many girls throw up— or feel like they might throw up — just before or during their periods. Hormone changes are probably the cause, and these feelings usually go away in a day or two. The usual length of menstrual bleeding  is four to six days. The usual amount of blood loss per period is 10 to 35 ml. 

6. IQ
Scientists concluded that men’s average intelligence quotient (IQ) is four points above women’s because their brains are typically larger. 

7. Breast 
Having very large breast  can place excess weight on the chest. Without enough support from the surrounding muscles and the rest of the body, the weight of the breast can cause  severe pain, make it difficult to maintain good posture, and even lead to spinal deformity.Breast can have causes that aren't due to underlying disease. Examples include a tight fitting bra, pregnancy, menstruation, breast feeding, or exercise. And breast are annoying in general.
Man can go outside toplees without causing an accident or getting arrested 

8.Cardoivascular
Men have greater cardiovascular reserve, with larger hearts, greater lung volume per body mass, a higher red blood cell count, and higher hemoglobin. They also have higher circulating clotting factors, which leads to faster healing of wounds.

9. Urine
You can pee any where you want
In the history of the world, no woman has ever proven able to urinate her own name in the snow, but guys do it all the time. Men love peeing everywhere. It’s in their DNA. The entire planet is just one giant men’s restroom.

10. Awsome
In general it's just cooler to be a guy
Superheros and videogames also action movies were probably apart of you childhood. My Childhood was just barbies and makeup. (Which I hated I always was jealous of my brothers for Christmas and birthdays)