Why not?Hey, when you're already at the edge what else are you going to do? Sorry for the long rant in advance, I really don't know where else to go and I know it's probably pathetic but I just don't know . . .

Where do you begin? I'm a gay seventeen year old in high school. Why are you writing this? Because no matter which direction I turn to, I keep holding out on some hope of there being something outside this context which might make a difference. 

Where do you begin explaining? Everyone who has ever told me their love was unconditional was a fucking liar. The only person who ever brought any sort of sincere peace into my life, my best friend, is dead. And does anyone remember that scene at the end of 1984, when Winston is caught by the thought police and he's taken to the Ministry of Love for having an illegal, harmless affair with a woman? When he's taken to Room 101 where he's tortured until he betrays the person he loves - until he's finally shattered to the point that he cannot recognize the difference between violation and kindness anymore so that he sincerely loves Big Brother? "We shall squeeze you empty and we shall fill you with ourselves". How can I possibly think things are going to be fine when everyone around me worships the same fucking concept? When for the vast majority of people this idea is so appealing to them so long as they are on the other side of the equation? How can I be happy when I'm told that an entity people call love that's supposed to pervade all of reality wants to torture me forever for loving the only person who has sincerely mattered to me? Calling it a good thing so long as I accept everything that is done to me, that I consider the hatred around me love. 

I don't know how I could even consider having a future when happiness and life and love as concepts are so fundamentally disgusting and broken. And when my best friend is gone as well. I don't understand why I should want to keep going, when it seems that it would've been literally infinitely better had I never existed in the first place.

Please, please, someone prove me wrong.