I'm going to finally do it but I have someone i dont want to leave behindI am 17 years old soon to be 18, i am a big faulier and unsuccessfull to the fullest. My grades are absolutely fucking awfull, my dreams are stupid and i already gave up on them. I have deppresion that never leaves me alone, i used to not have anyone that cared about me so i always thought i could kill my self anytime. I kept convincing my self that i should wait for a little while, mean time i did so much drugs. Iv been a huge stoner since i was 14 but now i do Xanax, Valium, Alchol mixed with ritalin and so much more. I hate being sober because i cant stand it. Every single second that i spend alone ends up with me wanting to kill my self even more. I hate how i look i am ugly as fuck, I hate life people world capitalism everything. I hate the country that i live in, i hate my abusive father i just hate every single little thing in life. I can only feel something when im with my girlfriend which i been dating for around 4 mounths. Right now she is the only person that cares about me, and she tells me she will feel really sad. I thought by the end of 2018 i would have already ended my life by either overdosing, or shooting my self with a gun. But i stoped trying to find a gun and did not overdose. I actually stoped taking drugs because of a promise i made for my gf but that just makes life so hard to get trough. I dont want to wake up, i dont want to do anything. My look in life is a lot diffirent then most people, i dont see a meaning in life an dont believe in any reliogion. I dont see the point in working to 9-5 to earn money and slave your self for the most part of your life to just get by. Because im never gonna be succesfull this is gonna be the case for me, i am gonna have to take an office job and make very little money. I am never gonna be happy unless i am always with my girl friend. I want to just take every single pill i have and do it right this second but i cant do it because of my gf. I dont know what to do, i just cant take it anymore i thought i was finally compeletely numb but turns out i still feel hurt when i dont do drugs, feel extreamly sad all the fucking time and wanna cry every single second of my time of being alive. I dont want this life fucking sucks money, houses and everthing can buy happiness for a little time but in the end nothing means shit because we are all gonna die. Why the fuck do we even bother our self with all of this, why are we living for fucks sake, what does even being alive and conscious mean? This universe is so fucking large we dont matter at all, so what even is the point in listening all people that decided life was full of meaning when there is actually none at all. I tried to find answers my whole life ended up with a empty hand every single time. I just cant take my fucking father when he talks and screams at me I just want to cut his fucking throat, I cant take going to school every fucking day not understanding shit and failing misserably, I cant pull up an act on for my asshole father and my loving and caring mom and tell them i have dreams and want to go to college because i fucking dont. I am really stupid and i tried to exept that but being this fucking stupid this lazy, and this uselless makes everything even worse. I cannot tolerate life anymore. I just want to end it right now. Please give me some advices since no one ever does give me one.