Please please please help!!ive gone through a lot. I don't know how to cope. I had two therapists, but my parents fired the one who helped and left me with the one who only does biofeedback, not talk therapy. When I was 7 i had severe body issues (which led to an eating disorder at age 12), anxiety, and depression of some form. I used to fake sick so I could lay in bed and cry. This impacted my social life. My best friend made new friends, and since I had anxiety, i panicked, thinking that she was going to leave me alone. This caused me to start fights when I tried to express my feelings. Because of so many failed friendships, I had no idea what a normal relationship was like. This led me to seek out the wrong people. I ended up getting emotionally and sexually abused by my second boyfriend when i was 13. During the times when he was sexually abusing me, I sort of blacked out, i think its called dissociation. Since I can't remember most of what went on, I don't know how far he took things. For all I know, I could have lost my virginity to him. Later that year, I ended up in the psych ward at Boston Childrens (Bader 5.) I had a horrible experience. The summer before my freshman year in high school (age 14) I got into a friends with benefits relationship with this boy I knew. That summer was when I first remember having sex. It was unceremonious and completely degrading. It was on the floor, in the dark, in his basement. To make matters worse, this was the first time we had seen each other out side of school, and he made me roleplay as his little sister. Now, what I needed was to feel special, and I looked in completely the wrong place. It made me feel worthless. He did nothing wrong though, and this certainly isn't new or shocking. Women do things like this all the time, I'm not trying to say that making a mistake with him was in any way abusive. However, for someone like me, it was a mistake that drove me farther into the darkness. I had no idea what being loved or in love felt like, I didn't even know what it felt like to be treated as an equal. After him, came my current boyfriend. I'm still 14, but I turn 15 in december, if that helps put things in perspective at all. My current boyfriend cheated on me, and now I'm in a poly relationship with him and her, because I'm too afraid of being alone. He's also the best relationship ive ever been in. That being said, hes 16, homeless, and he claims he's off heroin now, but prior to me finding out and begging him to stop, he was very much addicted. I'm not asking for a scolding, or a fingerwagging or any of that nonsense. Don't tell me to break up with him, im not in a mental state in which that is an option for me. Please just tell me what I can do to cope without therapy!! Thank you so much!

Update:
My bio feedback therapist has begun doing some actual therapy with me, and things are beginning to look up. At the moment, I'm losing myself in watercolor paintings. My grades are shit and I'm under constant and aggressive pressure from my parents to "get better" and "make better choices," but I think that's normal for my age. I broke up with the heroin addict. I've been in a few fwb relationships since, and I'm beginning to feel emotionally healthy enough for fwb relationships to be safe for me. Long story short, either things are getting better, or I'm getting better at not caring. Thank you very much, to those of you who offered me help. 