I Want Help But I Can't HelpmyselfI tried too get help 2 and a half years ago after i became very very depressed and suicidal, i tried to get a doctors appointment (from uk btw) and all i got was a 5 minute phonecall, prescribed anti depressants and was told to come back in a month. Obviously i talked myself into thinking i was fine and i never went back. I also told the doctor i hadnt had suicidal thoughts. I think mostly because id never admitted it before and someone straight up asking me if i had, my natural response was to deny it. But i lied. I guess i was also scared as to what would happen if i said yes. 

A redditor from the US the other day was telling me i can voluntarily go to a psych ward/hospital after i was saying i want to hit myself in the head with a brick in public so i get taken away and forced to get help. But going voluntarily i wont be sectioned. Which obviously is better. I can't help myself, i feel like if im treated at home i have to much input, too much time on my own to talk myself out of it. And so i dont think it would work for me. I also cant talk to my parents about anything. They make me uncomfortable. The only thing they talk to me about is careers, which is the least of my concerns rn. They've never talked to me about anything thats like just normal life stuff like relationships or even 'the talk' as they call it. Im made to feel like theyre very taboo subjects. I recently came out of a 2month relationship with a girl i absolutely adored. Thing was because of quarantine i didnt get to spend any time with her irl. But we dm'ed and called all day everyday. Literally 20 hours a day somedays. So it turns out she was cheating, she already had a bf so i was an affair basically. And thought she had told me many times she loved me, she didnt. She was faking it because she was lonely. Im grieving and it hurts real bad that she did that. She was the first person who ever made me feel comfortable enough to open up to them. I told her stuff ive never told anyone, and she was telling me stuff shed never told anyone but her therapist (and her bf too i guess). My parents don't even know this girl exists. I feel like im living a double life and its all because i dont feel comfortable talking to them.

I tried telling my parents about my depression, i did 2 and a half years ago and they shut me down and made out i was just a bit sad at that time and needed to exercise more. I tried again today and the same thing happened. I feel like i have to go to a sych ward or no one will take me seriosly and i'll just suffer for eternity. I feel ashamed about being depressed. I dont want my parents to know because i think theyd be ashamed too. I remember hearing the pity in my dads voice when i told them the first time and it was patronising and made me feel very uncomfortable.

I want to know how i can get on psych ward as quick as possible and what are the chances of it. I heard u can go to a&amp;e and tell them youre suicidal and get referred at the doctors discretion. But is that something that happens the same day or does it still take weeks to happen? I feel like the whole cheating ordeal is clawing away at me, i forgave her but its killing me. She made me happy for once. But i dont want to rely on someone else for my own happiness anymore i want to be happy in myself. And staying here will not help me when i can't speak my mind or sgay positive enough to help myself.