I was just diagnosed with borderline personality disorder, and I can't rationalize continuing my life anymore.http://www.palace.net/llama/psych/bpd.html

The information in the above link pretty much sums up BPD and I fit it to a T.

I could go on and on about the myriad of horrible things I've been through and done but it boils down to this:

I have sabotaged my life and the lives of people I love more times than I can remember, and up until I was diagnosed I never knew why. For decades, I wondered what my goddamn problem was. I wanted to understand why I did the things I did, and acted the way I acted. I wanted to understand because I thought that if I did, I could put myself on the road to fixing whatever the problem was somehow. But I can't fix this. I can't go through life picking up and then knocking down myself and the people I really do care about over and over again. I've hurt a lot of people, people who I love and have sworn up and down that I'd always be there for. Most of them, are out of my life now and I miss them so much but I know if I try to re-establish contact with them it'll just be a matter of time before they are briefly and inexplicably demonized in my mind. These are the people I'm supposed to be there for. I KNOW I care about them but I can't seem to show it, or prove it rather. And now I'm alone. I have aqcaintances and people I call friends but I feel no real connection with them and when I do see them I just humor them. I show them the person they want to see because being myself well, can be a pretty big fucking  drag. 

My question is this:

How can I or anyone else expect me to want to continue living if I know I am just going to keep up this behavior without being able to do a damn thing about it? When BPD gets going feels like your a pilot flying a plane and all of a sudden the plane goes into an extremely fucked up auto-pilot mode and your just sitting in the cockpit waiting to smash into the side of a mountain. But you always survive the crash, barely. Fuck this. I'm tired of 'living to be an asshole another day' every time my brain decides its gonna shit the bed and make me go ape shit on the people I care about. It's not fair to them. Life's hard enough as it is without having somebody who seemed like a great friend turn out to be mental when the chips are down. I'm so ashamed of myself, and I should be, but I just can't keep doing this anymore.