when i was a freshman in high school i thought I would never make it to senior year, yet here I am, with absolutely no idea what I'm going to do with my lifeI didn't think I would survive for this long, and now I'm just a dumb high school kid with some kind of mental health problem. I don't know what the fuck is wrong with me, my mind is so fucked up and I'm pretty sure I have adhd and anxiety or maybe I'm a sociopath because at times I'm extremely emotionally numb &amp; I hate feeling happy/positive emotions. sometimes I'm too aggressive or I stutter too much and I feel like I'm an annoying and useless piece of shit. I also have trichotillomania but I would never admit that to anyone I know.

lately when I'm doing work I get so anxious about my future and school that I can't focus on what I'm doing and end up wasting time, making myself feel even more shitty. my brain is scattered and cloudy and I can never have a full, clear thought. I get distracted so easily. I really have to get into college, but I don't think my parents believe I can (btw my parents are asian immigrants). I'm a above average student, I'm smarter than the average but not smart enough to be comparable to the students who take all ap classes/get a full score on the SATs/etc. when I was younger, I was praised and expected to be a "star student" and I stopped actually trying to put effort because I thought I was smart enough. I wish I didn't do that and I wish I studied harder in middle school. now I'm just lazy and unproductive. the only extracurricular stuff I've done is band/music/art stuff, but I don't even want to pursue music as a career. I've done nothing in my life and now it's coming back to fuck me over. I have nothing to show for the colleges.

I've been thinking about suicide since I was 13 and how everything would be so much better if I never existed, if I never felt pain or anything. I don't think I've ever self harmed but I've started banging my head whenever I'm under stress (which happens so randomly) and pulling my hair (as I mentioned earlier) to try to cope with it. I know it's bad for my health but I can't help it and I don't know how to stop. sometimes I imagine myself dead from drowning in the bathtub of my mom's bathroom, limp and lifeless. sometimes I get a quick urge to take a scissor or the nearest sharpest object and stab myself in the eye. I can't tell anyone about this because they won't listen, my parents never really received mental health education so they wouldn't get it, I'm too distanced from my friends and they probably think I'm fine because I act like it, and a therapist would most likely be impossible and too expensive. nobody in my life fucking knows and understands any of this. 

the only reasons why I'm still alive is that I don't want my mom to think how much money she wasted on me and I don't want one of my best friends to feel responsible for me. I don't want my friends to suffer or cry because I'm dead.

but I want to die. I don't know what my future is going to be like, if I don't get a job and earn money in the future what the fuck is the point? how am I going to live like that? if I'm going to die I hope I die sooner than later. also im trans and my parents &amp; most people don't know and I fucking hate it when someone calls me by the wrong pronouns (obviously it's not their fault but still). every time someone make a transphobic remark towards me (both online and irl) it makes me want to die. I don't have a fucking place in society, the whole world is terrible, and nobody actually cares about me. I'm a waste of everything and my brain doesn't function like a normal person's brain does and all I can do is pretend everything is fine and hope a car accidentally runs me over and kills me so I don't have to deal with any of this anymore.

sorry about the long post, I don't know if anyone will read this. I've kept this suicidal feeling in for years and just needed to let it all out somewhere.