Why hello, Suicidal thoughts.This has to be my nth post here in this sub this year alone. I feel like I’m just “doing this for attention and that how I feel isn’t valid whatsoever.” Fuck borderline.

Well, now that the United States seriously seems that it may dissolve, Corona is at an all time high, I have a fucking asshole of a future stepbrother whose mother does not parent him effectively, my brother moved in within the last thirty days, and I just... can’t do it?

I am so easily set off these days. I go from zero to a hundred in less than a second and it’s easy to have people walking on eggshells around me. I’m a fucking nightmare.


Twenty steps back. Twenty fucking steps back to where I began. That’s where I feel I’m at right now. I’m ashamed of myself. Of my so called progress. It’s a farce.

Medication and therapy seem like wastes of time. Why try to heal something that broke a long time ago? 13 years I’ve been at this. It’s not getting any better. Borderline isn’t getting any better.

I don’t cry anymore when I think of doing it. I am scared to die, but I know that’s self preservation. I seriously am beginning to think I can try to overcome it.

I’m kind of sick of living. I’m sick of this absolutely pointless battle to live. I’m sick of trying to prove to everyone that I’m okay and can be okay when it’s not fucking true. I am constantly going from okay to severely not okay in a matter of hours. When I go out driving I often think how nice it would be to just wrap my car at 100 mph around a fucking telephone pole or tree. A couple of times I’ve actively sought out good places to do it.

I started telling people goodbye. I started isolating myself. The last few days haven’t seen me eating very much, and I’ve been consuming excessive amounts of booze. I’m constantly on a hairtrigger. I feel lonely but want to be alone.

I refuse to see more doctors or admit myself because that’s just exorbitant amounts of medical debt waiting to happen. I don’t need that. Fuck that.

Might attempt in the next couple days. This damn anti suicide ring I wear doesn’t feel like it’s cutting it anymore. It’s very beautiful. It reminds me of a boat on the ocean. Well excuse me but my boat has a million goddamn holes and it refuses to stay afloat.