I fucking regret all of thisThis is mostly just going to be me venting. I am 15, if that helps.

Before my depression hit, I used to always be a happy, positive, fun person to be around. I was never really optimistic, I was more of a realist, but that didn't stop me from being a pretty happy person. This is probably one of the worst things about my depression - I used to be known as a very happy and fun person. It's just sad seeing how low I've gotten.

It all started in late December. Despite my positive personality, I have always lacked self confidence regarding my looks. The day before Winter Break, I was called ugly by a group of girls after an argument we were having. At the time, it didn't really affect me, but towards the end of Winter Break, the whole situation came back into my thoughts. This caused me to feel like I would never get into a romantic relationship with anyone, and I'd end up dying alone. After about a week of this, I began contemplating suicide. (I feel ridiculous for contemplating that over such a small thing, but whatever.) I felt like I needed a "proper justification" for suicide.

This is where things take a rather dark turn. After 'searching' for a proper justification for suicide, I started contemplating if it was really worth living at all. We all die anyways, so what's the point? No matter what we accomplish, we will all return to absolute nothingness. I do not believe in an afterlife, but MAYBE reincarnation. I became much more depressed over these thoughts than the belief that I would never find love. I started to delve in the existential philosophy, and after a few months, I managed to get out of this depression. Well... sort of. During these months, I found out about existential depression, which I found out that I have. This depression never really gets "cured" but you rather learn to live with thoughts about death and meaninglessness, which I did. That was until last month.

I was watching a Youtube video about strange youtube channels. One of them was called Burden, and their profile picture was a photo of a philosopher named Philiip Mainlander according to the person discussing this Youtube channel. I knew I shouldn't have researched into who this philosopher was, thinking it would trigger my depression, but my morbid curiosity got the best of me. It turns out Philiip Mainlander is known more being one of the most depressing philosophers of all time. He believes that non existence is better than existence and that suicide equals liberation. He also believes that our Universe was created by the suicide of God. Pretty dark stuff.

This definitely brought back my depression, and so I looked into more philosophy (That helped last time, so I figured it would help this time) This led me to two very similar philosophical ideas - Anti natalism and Efilism. Anti natalism is the belief the procreating is immoral because it forces someone into existence, and that they will inevitably suffer because of this. Anti natalists aim to stop procreating in order to end suffering. Efilists believe the same thing, but they want to wipe out all sentient life, not because of misanthropy, but to end all suffering. They believe that life is a backwards, fucked up game. The word prefix of efilism is literally "life" spelled backwards. So not just humans, but animals as well. Anti natalists DO NOT support murder or genocide. With efilism, I'm not entirely sure. But I did find that I agree that without life, there is no suffering. For example, you don't see any suffering on Mars. That's because there is no life on Mars. 

I was starting to accept all of this, but then I started questioning if murder is moral or not. (Please don't call the police, I have no intentions to kill anyone) I eventually decided that it is immoral because, although you are letting someone escape from this miserable existence, you are most likely bringing a great amount of suffering onto that person's loved ones. But then, I started questioning if mass genocide (Via nuclear war or something along those lines) would be immoral or not. This is where I'm stuck. I keep telling myself that it is immoral, but I can't seem to find any reasons backing it up. If a nuclear war were to occur, it would most likely wipe out the majority of the population, and after maybe a few years, the remaining population would probably die out as well.

That's where I'm at now. I have a great family, great friends, I'm not living in poverty, but yet these thoughts are still haunting, sometimes consuming me. The only times I feel happy is when I'm not thinking about them. My friends still see me as the happy person I've always been, but the reality is is that I am far from my old self. I just miss being care-free, just hanging out with friends, enjoying life. But now I'm stuck here, uncovering the dark truths of our reality, regretting ever fucking researching into any of this shit. I just want to forget about all of this. I hate viewing life in such a negative way, knowing that life IS negative, when I used to be so happy to be alive. I just want to go back, to forget all of this, to forget it ever even happened, to go back to being myself again. But I fear that is not possible when I know I am right, that life is a fucked up game. Whenever I think back to before this all started, I feel even worse. Maybe someone has gone through something very similar and could help me, but I fear that it will never happen.

Thanks for reading through all this. I appreciate it.