Typing it as a therapeutic thing not for help, I thinkY'know, writing this I envision the words being screamed, a flow out my mouth like my fingers across a keyboard. Like the end of a Shane Koyczan poem. I don't know how to word it, or sound decent, though. To put it simply, I want to die. as a child I didn't need emotions because I had motivation but now I have nothing, nobody but one person who I love - I fell for my only friend, who is straight so out the window with that. I have loving parents and am entirely aware that they care but I just can't. I can't love them. I wish I could. My most recent lost friend was recently admitted to the hospital, he's been sick for at least a month now.

Insomnia keeps me awake, trust issues and paranoia keep me away, and classmates have become numb to "joking" cries for help, that I don't use in front of my one friend because he'll probably leave too - I enjoy his company because he won't throw me in a padded room like everyone else, so I don't know how he'll react.

I personified my demons to the point where I see them, I've seen the one who's been with me since childhood numerous times now, how am I supposed to tell anybody I see in real life that I'm insane? None of it makes sense. I hate that feeling the most. Confusion, weakness, etc.

I spend almost all of my time on the computer - today, I spent 6 out of 9 hours in front of the blue-screen abyss and it's the only place that reaches beyond hell and finds mundane. It's not like I can live for this. Patrolling, lurking on this subreddit, playing crappy kongregate games, none of it is worth it. My parents berate me for the overuse of the computer, never aware, always oblivious to the pain in my heart.

I know there are people who care, my caring front will make so many people cry when I am dead, but being in 8th grade I know some of them will only laugh and insult. 8th grade. 8th grade, and I want to die, I'm no man past my teen years with an abusive home and terrible situation. I'm just 13. Maybe I'd feel empathy, or sympathy, whichever, if I ever did, but I can never relate to those who cry for loss or being unloved, I have just never felt those emotions. I just haven't. Innately, I do not love, in past years I functioned as a machine, calculative, logical, with a mission. I don't remember what it was.

Therapy was never my cup of tea. My first two were in 5th grade, when I still operated with motive but only felt frustration towards the ignorance of classmates and lack of connection to them. The next one was never beneficial, I don't remember his name. There were probably a few more. Then there was Ted. Absolute trash, that's what he was. He was always smiling, always enthusiastic, as if happy to see me. He was not fit to be a therapist. He never understood or related to me, and never made an attempt to. He smiled and asked questions and prodded. I was signed up for 'family issues' (my dad had an outbreak, I think it traumatized my brother but I never cried) so I have no idea what he was trying to do. He pissed me off.

What the hell do I expect you to reply with? I don't know. I really don't. I don't want to hear that people care or life gets better or I'll overcome it because those things don't matter. Being happy would make me forget. I want to be normal, without some magic pill.

Edit: Noticed some errors and fixed them because, again, I have nothing better to do.