I want to die because I wasn't meant to liveIt doesn't make sense why I'm alive. I don't want to be alive anymore and it seems like everyone is okay with it. I've never been close with my family at all. I haven't seen any of them since January. Multiple members of my family passed away recently and I had to find out through Facebook posts, and when my mother asked me for money. My whole life has been my parents yelling and asking for money and forcing me inhale their second hand smoke and drink money for food away. In college, I have to constantly struggle to feed myself, pay these insane bills, work, go to school and deal with faculty in my university constantly being rude. I don't have friends anymore because they all either moved away or decided that my depression makes me useless to them. My so called best friend just told me goodbye for good after being mad at me for being too negative.
I've been to 19 professionals, 5 this year, 3 this summer. None of them helped. Most made things worse. One didn't even try. I told him everything I was going through, he said nothing for almost 20 minutes, asked me to pick on issue that was weighing on me the most, I couldn't, and he just decided to end the session.
I don't even know why I'm posting this. My experience with well meaning people on the internet has been pretty much them saying sorry, saying some generic line, or telling me to do one specific thing and then yelling at me when I tell them how that isn't possible for me/I already tried that and I get yelled at. I was even told to kill myself multiple times this morning. I hate hearing "It get's better". People treat the phrase like a magic spell that's supposed to instantly make you feel better after it's said.  Maybe I'm posting this as a goodbye. I can't even bring myself to talk about everything, because I don't seethe point. I've heard it gets better and time heals all too much and too long to believe that. I tried every long day and sleepless night to make things better. The second I ever talk about my issues which isn't often, I get told I'm weak, I'm not trying, I'm too negative, I don't want to be happy. I didn't have a childhood because of the mistakes my parents made, I his my depression, the cutting scars, everything to make others happy. In high school when my life got worse I kept at it. Now whenever people want me to entertain them and I don't have the energy, I'm an issue. I'm better off dead. I don't want anything from life anymore. I don't want to keep surviving. I think it's time.