I don’t really know what to say here.On Saturday, while my mom is out of the house from 1:40-5:00, I’m going to do one of two things. I’m going to either find a gun she may or may not have hidden somewhere in this house, and shoot myself in the head with it in my bedroom, or I’m going to run away with nothing but a change of clothes and find a way to kill myself another way, if I can’t find the gun, of course. I don’t want sympathy. I’ve gotten enough of that. I don’t want help. People have tried. I’m beyond help. I’m done living this life alongside people who lie, cheat, and treat ME like shit. I used to be afraid of what people would do after I was gone.m, but now I don’t care. I just want to die. I won’t have to face whatever happens after I put that bullet through my brain. Selfish? Maybe. But I don’t care anymore. Being threatened into living has been the story of my life thus far, especially from my mother. There was never any consolation or love when she asked what was wrong or how I was feeling. Always threats and anger, frustrations about me never telling her what was wrong. Does my mom love me? Maybe, probably. Is that going to change my decision to kill myself in two days? Not at all. I can’t keep a friend without being teased or bullied, the brunt of all jokes 24/7. I can’t hold a conversation with a girl my age, and if I do it’s only a matter of time before they’re drawn away by my constant sadness or boring personality. “But you’re so likeable, you’re good looking, funny!” If I was any of those things I don’t think I would be in this situation. The burden I’ve set of my friends, my teachers, my family and many others can finally be lifted, and I won’t be holding them back anymore. As long as I can find that gun. Hopefully I can go quickly and quietly, and nobody will hear news and spread it among the school, and I especially hope that no special ceremony goes through for me. Let me die and fade into obscurity with no extra unneeded pity and sadness. Thanks for coming to my TED talk.