u ever just be normal to flex on trannies?I honestly think that the only reason why I'm not as affected by "transphobic" people is because nothing they say is new. Everything they say I've already thought of. I hate myself more than they ever could. I just take it as simple reaffirmation of my own beliefs... well the ones that make sense to me anyway! :j 

If I had a gun this would be an easy easy easy decision. My friends have guns but I don't want to like implicate them in anything or get them into trouble. I've decided on shooting myself in the chest, even though that it is more painful than one to the head. Only because I'm very very vain for a tranny and I don't want to ruin my face. I've researched a lot of ways to die and most of them seem to fuck up your face... cyanide makes it like ugly red and so does hanging, unless you do it properly and I'm too dumb to figure out any proper measurements. Maybe blood-loss might work... but it's much too slow for me and I don't really fancy the thought of stabbing myself multiple times trying to find an artery. 

Not that I was ever fooled but it's a lie that people are supportive. Even in like a western country there's a lot of people that are like disgusted by trannies. I don't blame them, not really. It is very deceptive in a way. Kinda like eating a chocolate chip cookie only to find out it's raisin. Not that I ever set out to trick anybody. I make sure to tell right away. Still I feel like it's just the nature of what I am I suppose. 

I always knew that I was fucked up. I was always crossdressing whenever I had a plausible excuse. Like, "it's Halloween!" or "it's for a school skit!" I even quit band to take drama instead just so I could have more chances to dress up. The funny thing is that before my friends found out that I was a tranny they used to compliment me on how I looked when dressed up! Thinking back on it like we did so much gay shit, haha. 

I just wish I was normal. At the same time though, it's not like I want to be a normal guy. I've just come to accept that life isn't really fit for freaks like me. I'll never have a proper relationship with friends or family or anyone crazy enough to consider me a SO. I'll always be the odd one out. I still count my blessings though. At least I'm good enough to be fetish material, haha. Real talk, shout out to all you "chasers" out there. Closest thing to love that I'll get. At least most of my friends still tolerate me. At least they still talk to me sometimes and we still go out together.  

Anyway, the point of it all is just that I wish I could experience being normal for one day. Then I feel like I could die happy. Like that's my greatest wish right now. I just wish that I could have one day of being a totally regular real person. 

Why do I always have to wish for impossible things? Anyone else want to be normal? You don't have to be mentally ill like me to answer... just a little. 