I am not doing this again.I live in Italy. Due to my very very poor motivation I will have to repeat second year of high school for the third time. I am a disappointment to everyone around me and I know that if I did it they would probably be happy. That boy wasn’t going to accomplish anything anyways. Everyone is laughing behind my back, that donkey, how could he be so stupid to not manage such a simple thing like going to school and just getting average grades?
Killing myself looks like the best option. I will not have a third opportunity. Not that I would take it anyways. But it’s all my fault. School is easy anyways, I just have to study an hour a day. But no, my brain is so stupid and has such a short attention span that anything that does not give me instant gratification is not considered. I probably have undiagnosed ADD. my boy? How could he be HANDICAPPED???? They are so ignorant and not sensitive. They don’t notice strange behaviors in people and if they do, they are too indifferent to talk about it or help. My dad died a month ago. He was such a nice person. I loved him with all my heart, he was similar to me. He destroyed himself with alcohol and smoking. But he was smart. During his “golden days” (before I came and ruined everything) he was an architect. He was an engineer and he was brilliant and known. Then it all crumbled. I am like my dad, but the golden days never came. And they never will. Something is wrong with me. I may have under average intelligence. I am sorry. I have never been good at anything. Average at best. Swimming? Cost us a lot of money and I never got good at it. Volley? Same. Music? Same. I am only good at computer games. I spend all day at my pc. Playing those STUPID games. But it’s not their fault. It’s my fault. Only mine. I may also be on the autism spectrum. I show a lot of signs. I can’t look people in the eyes. I am ankward. Everyone treats me like a fucking dumbass. But on paper I am normal. Fuck you. Fuck you mom. You never even noticed I had flat feet. Now it’s too late to do anything. But I guess I can play csgo, right? My dad bought that pc. It cost him more than he makes in two months. He hoped I would use it to study better and get better at school. But no. I disappointed him. I stopped going at his house to see him. He started drinking again. I ghosted him. He called me every week. He asked if I could come for lunch. Every week he sounded less lucid. His liver was failing. The day before he went to the hospital (died a week later) he called me to his house to help me study. He could barely stand up and his words were hard to comprehend. His body was full of ammonia and it was getting to his brain. But he wanted to help me study. I killed him? Fuck. I am now realizing this and I feel like shit. No. Actually I don’t feel like anything. I also have depression. It has always been there. I am never happy. Never motivated, never sad. Just indifferent. I feel like a piece of wood in the ocean. I have no way to control where I’m going. The waves just move me around with no destination. I am deteriorating. Physically and mentally.
I am so sorry, about being so shit at everything. About disappointing everyone and not making good use of the opportunities that the world gave me. The opportunities are not going to present themselves anymore. Please I need someone to talk to. Comment or private chat.
