Closet gay colleague at work fell in love with me and is treating to commit suicideI am not sure this is the right sub-reddit to post it to. I do not know what to do at this stage and I hope this helps somehow. Apologies for the long post.

I had started working at a company where I [30M] met K [30M]. We soon were best buddies and after a couple of months he confessed he was gay. Now, he is not the type of guy you would suspect he is gay. In fact, he is not out and he tries his best to keep it a secret. This is the source of a lot of frustration and stress in his life. A thing which most people will attribute to him being a shy person. Furthermore,hHe has never had a relationship and I am the only guy who knows. 

He has his personal issues why he doesn't want to come out but mostly it is because he is not attracted to the type of guys you see in LGBT parades. However, I did manage to convince him to seek professional help which he still is continuing on getting.

Honestly, when he first told me about his secret, I tried my best to be laid back about it. I continued to treat him as I would treat any best friend. Admittedly, I may have crossed the line occasionally by commenting 'love you' or 'xx'. I guess, from him end he was interpreting this as being more than just friends. However, I (naively) saw nothing wrong in that. 

Thing is he does not believe that my intentions were honest and that I was never interested in him. Because of this, we have been constantly fighting and it has come to a point were I cannot mention my SO. He stopped going out with his friends and I am the only friend he goes out with. Whilst I enjoy his company, many times it feels like I have to take him out because he is so lonely. This is something I had always discouraged but was always helpless in avoiding.

He is now treating to kill himself because he wants to see me since we are not meeting often. He always had suicidal thoughts but he is treating to do it since he has lost all the reason to live for since he does not have me any longer in his life. I am mortified because on one hand I wish to help him but on the other hand I know that I AM the problem. On one hand I wish to keep him in my life, but on the other hand I know that our friendship cannot go any longer like this. 

One thing I failed to mention is that I have never spoke to my SO about this and this is also having serious repercussions on my conscience. I feel guilty because I am keeping such a secret from her but on the other hand I cannot break my promise to my friend.

I honestly do not know what to do. Did I do something wrong?

Any helpful suggestions will be greatly appreciated. Thanks

**TL;DR** Closet gay colleague at work fell in love with me and is threatening to commit suicide 