At 23 years old I feel as though I can't live any longer (walloftextsorry)I don't really want a wall of text but I'm going to give you a brief summary of everything so far.

My parents divorced when I was 12 because my Mum cheated on my Dad. My Mum moved away to a different city with the man she cheated on Dad with and my Dad dove into alcohol and pot. He got a girlfriend when I was 15 who he cared more about than me ( one time she accused me of being rude to her and he hit me without any evidence of that being true, he also left me alone and went and stayed with her). They broke up and Dad went back to drinking constantly. I started cutting myself during this time in my life. Saw a few counsellors when my family caught on but have been on and off cutting for most of my life since then. I pick at my skin too as a form of self harm. I had a boyfriend from the ages of 13-19. He was my best friend when we were younger but around 16 we became distant. I found out after we had broken up that he had cheated on me with many women including one I was suspicious of for years. I was too blind to believe my suspicions only to have them proved right. He sent me a long email after we broke up saying how he never loved me and I am as ugly as a horse in a paddock. I moved away after I broke up with him, I moved to live with my mother. I got into a relationship with a boy who I thought was better than my previous boyfriend but I suffer extreme paranoia when he's around any females. He knows this but gets angry at me for it and tests me by telling me when he spends time with attractive women. My best friend of 15 years suffers mental illness and he decided one day to cut off all ties with me. I started seeing a psychologist and a psychiatrist who diagnosed me with borderline personality disorder and paranoid personality disorder. Yesterday my boyfriend told me that at his new job he is working with a girl who is better looking than me. That was my fault because I baited the answer out of him and he refuses to lie to me because he thinks I value honesty above me feeling like shit. He told me that she would never go for him like that is enough reason for me to not worry. I havent stopped crying since. I feel like there's no point continuing on because this shit is going to continue happening. I try in therapy to get through my pain but I feel like it is all too much. I have spent a lot of time around people who have ruined their lives due to mental illness and the thought of becoming one of them makes me so miserable. I want to end my life. I don't have close relationships around me because I can't trust anyone. I feel like nobody loves me because my awful manipulative baiting behaviour has pushed everyone away from me. Part of me doesn't want to die. All I want is to be loved. I feel like that is an impossibility though. I feel as though I don't have a chance at happiness and even when I try and rationalise those thoughts I can't see things improving. All I see is a cycle of misery that I don't think I can get through. Everytime I get into my car I imagine purposely crashing. But I have been thinking more and more about carbon monoxide poisoning as a method of suicide. Even typing that terrifies me. I'm booked in to see my psychologist next week. My boyfriend thinks that everything is okay now because I apologised to him for being so awful. I don't blame him for the way he acts. I know that it's because I am manipulative. If he was smarter he would have left me a long time ago. He's scared that I will do something and he will be to blame. He's not to blame for this. I am just an awful person and I can't cope anymore. 