Not sure what I'm doing anymoreThis is probably going to be a lot of rambling and I apologize for that but this is a combination of needing to vent and needing someone to talk to.

I'm 17, I just graduated high school. A year early, I worked my ass off cause I thought it would mean getting out of this house a year earlier. I don't have a good home life. My parents are alcoholics, they both used to hit me though it calmed down a bit. My dad still hits me occasionally. He also used to touch me. Still does, but that has also become a lot less frequent. I don't tell anyone about this. Haven't gone to the police and my mother doesn't believe that it happened. I recently opened up to a guy about all of this, felt safe doing it too. He's the only person I've really told and he just accepted it and tried to help me feel better. I fucked that all up royally though and now I'm pretty much alone. I don't have any friends that aren't online and even my online friends aren't very close to me anymore. I pushed pretty much everyone away. One guy that I was close to moved to Italy and I just fucked up our relationship because it got too fucking hard for me to handle. I couldn't handle the time difference and now we don't talk anymore.

So most days I just play League of Legends and try not to focus on how badly I just want to be done. I have no plan for my life. No direction. I don't let people in. The one person I did let in I pushed away because I couldn't handle him being that close. I couldn't handle anything negative he might say about me and I couldn't handle letting myself be vulnerable to another person.

I don't sleep much anymore. Don't eat much anymore. I don't feel the need to. My whole body hates me right now because it just aches. I've spent most of the day just trying not to throw up because of how badly it hurts right now. I don't know what to do. I fucked up any chance of getting out of this house and I don't know where to go from here. I fucked up my relationship with the one guy I let in and there's no way in hell I can fix that. I pushed him away too much and no guy deserves to be treated like I treated him.

I want very badly to be done. I have multiple attempts and I know that if I get a tiny bit closer to being done I can actually succeed this time. I hate feeling this pathetic, I should be able to handle all of this and just go on like nothing is wrong. But I can't and it makes me feel even more worthless.

He made me think I could have done something with my life. I think I proved him wrong.

Thank you to anyone who bothered to read this. It means something to me even if you don't respond. Unno what to say anymore.