RelapseI was doing so good too. I took my meds tonight, the correct amount. 
Antidepressants are helping some, but I am so very tired. 
My sister doesn't like it when my boyfriend comes over. 
He's great though, he listens to me and he cares. 
He saw the three cuts I put in my arm. Asked what they were from. I stayed quiet. 
I think he knows, though. 
This was a week ago. Today sucked. My sister really tore me a new one. She likes her sleep, and that's fair. 
I had a new friend come over because she needed advice on some stuff. I was just listening to her and asking her how she felt about her situation. 
Sister came out of her room. Asked why I hated her. Why I disrespect her and her rules. 
I pay rent, I live here too. It's my home too. 
"Don't listen to her. She gives terrible advice. She's not a good person to listen to. She makes fucked up decisions. Why do you hate me? I had one small thing I asked. You don't respect me. Yeah, move out. I bet your house will be a disaster. I care about you. Why are you being so destructive to yourself. Why do you let people walk all over you."
And when I asked her how she wasn't walking on me for saying that?
"I care about you."
That's why she told mom about things. About the last guy I was seeing. 
I care about you. 
Yeah. Yeah. 
I tell you about being molested by a cousin and a friends father. I tell you about my depression. I tell you about abusive relationships, rape. My sister. I love her to death. But why? Why does she respond to me telling her these things by saying things like "pull yourself out of it" or "you're fine"
Sometimes, I just get sad and I don't want to do things. Like clean. 
Plus, last time I cleaned, I had anaphylaxis from the perfume in the supplies. 
Do more!
I work 50+ hours a week, plus I'm starting EMT classes. I am so tired. I just want to have FUN when I CAN. But I need to be more responsible I guess. 
I'm just being destructive. 
I put another cut in my leg, he won't see it, so he won't ask. 
It takes a lot of strength to avoid driving into a ditch. Or taking all of my pills. Every last one. I don't want to be here. But something is making me stay. 
I know I have a lot going for me. And a caring boyfriend for a change is an added bonus. 
But who can I talk to about wanting to die? Pharmacy Technician. EMT in training. I can't behave like this. 
I feel like an emo 7th grade version of 20 year old me. 
I can't handle the stress anymore. It's killing me. I love my job. I love my family. I love my boyfriend. 
I love my sister. 
I have good things in my life. 
But I still feel so so empty. 
Church tomorrow will be very depressing. 
Why..can't I feel better. Why does love feel like it isn't enough. Why can't I just smile, and mean it. I need to let out all of my rage and sadness. But I don't know how. There's no therapy here in town. Family doesn't get it. And I don't want to share my burden with my boyfriend. But I need to let it out in a healthy way. 
I just don't know how. 
I want to take all of the pills in my cabinet, drive in this shitty weather, and go where no one will find me. So I can be at peace. Without the annoying sound of people needing me. 
I need to fix me. I can't. I can't fix me. I need someone to talk to. I cant do it anymore. I want to give up so very badly. There are too many things for me to deal with right now. It's a balancing act. Just let me fall..please for the love of god let me fucking fall flat. For once. I need my rock bottom. I need to cry and feel and process everything I've been through. But there is no time to process. 
I have to work. And clean. And pay bills. And make people smile. 
I just can't handle it anymore. I can't do it. 