Well, it's been over 16 1/2 years since my attempt......and I'm glad I survived.  Is my life even halfway to where I'd ideally like it to be?  Hell, no.  But it's good enough-- and there is much deeper value than you may now realize in the completely realistically achievable nature of that.

I haven't spent much time in this subreddit (first post here), but when the front page spotlight swung in this direction, I felt I had an obligation to add my voice and share *something*.

While in many ways I'm the same person with the same problems, I have learned and experienced a helluvalot that I'm glad for (think of everything I would've missed that's happened since 1994, it's almost vertigo-inducing), and I pretty consistently manage to look forward to the future now.  I don't have any illusions about making some huge difference by posting anonymously to the internet, but if I can be a small part of what helps a couple people get to the same place from where I used to be, it's one of the better ways I can imagine investing my time.

-------

First off, the folks who tell you you're looking at the world wrong and/or that everything will get sooo much better may mean well, but deep down you doubt it because you suspect there are serious problems here that aren't going away any time soon (if ever), and you fear it isn't just simple matter of 'adjusting your perspective'... and in all brutal honesty, I'm gonna hafta tell ya you're probably right about that.  The trick is how you transform the pull of oblivion from a howling supermassive black hole of overwhelming madness to something you can put in a room in your mind and shut the door on for a while.  You'll start to find with time that a whole lot of human beings have such rooms.  Dealing with that isn't easy, you damn well know it isn't-- but from my experience, it absolutely does get easi*er*.

-------

NOTE:  When you're bad enough off to seriously consider ceasing your existence, other people who tell you you're a whiner, or that the circumstances you describe aren't sufficiently bad to justify your feelings, are:
1. complete assholes (intentional or not)
2. totally clueless
3. not worth your time

Please keep this in mind at all times.  Thank you.

-------

Okay, so, reality as you are experiencing it is a qualitatively bad, ugly thing, and you can't flip a switch to change that.  With certain drugs, you may be able to slightly alter the picture, but really your only escape is sleep or passing out.  Am I making sense so far?  So, sleeping longer - or forever - starts to look like the most beautiful thing in the world (especially if you have insomnia).  And then the planning starts.

You tell someone about it, or make a subtle comment which leans in that direction.  Some trollface responds with "you're doing it wrong, durkedur", and even though you know they're full of shit, there's a part of your mind that follows the thread along anyway...  *maybe I am just being weak/selfish/dense/whatever, I need to 'buck up', but ohmygodicannotdoit, WTFiswrongwithme, i'm badwrong for being this way, i'm defectiveuseless, ireallydonotbelonghere, takemeoutofthepicturenow...*  STOP IT.  

You don't have to justify or validate your feelings to anyone-- they simply exist, like trees and rocks and concrete and diesel exhaust.  They are an integral part of your reality.  Draw a deep breath.  You *can* process them and begin to move on, but you have to start setting aside time and resources to do it, and find the right tools that work for you.  The sharp edges get worn down &amp; rounded out, and become blunted.  More beauty, wonder - and yes, even love - do await you, and it is worth it to try to make it through all this.  Still, you have to survive in the mean time.  Why?  Hang with me, I'll get to that.

I'm not gonna sugar coat this next part.  Whatever thing or combination of things that has brought you to this place quite likely won't ever stop hurting when you're reminded of it.  Hell, right now, you probably can't even put it out of your mind at all (although you should be able to eventually).  So accept that.  This is part of you now.  It's not as bad as it seems in the worst moments, but let's not fool ourselves, it's pretty goddamn bad.  There are some other harsh things you're going to have to accept, too-- what pushed me over the edge all those years ago was a set of staggering realizations, all of which I was fairly sure were true (and they in fact turned out to be): 
1. my options for 'how to live' were becoming extremely limited 
2. certain future major disappointments &amp; failures were basically inevitable
3. I wouldn't just disappoint myself, but many others as well
4. much of my dysfunctionality was permanent for all practical purposes
5. I would never completely get over *her*
6. I wouldn't live up to my potential, I'd waste time, I'd make mistakes
7. my safe, comfortable world view of younger days was gone forever.

There's more, too, of course, but that's enough.  Stare it in the face.  It's too much to take, isn't it?  It was for me, truly.  I could not process all those facts and remain sane at that point... ...but I can now.  

Here's a thought-- be glad that you're one of the privileged few who have actually woken up from the zombified autopilot life!  People like us value other people like us a great deal.  It doesn't come up very often, but when you meet someone else who you find out has been there, it's a different quality of connection.  We understand some of the most important things about being conscious and self-aware in a way that the masses don't.  It ultimately vastly deepens our capacity to appreciate things like the arts, nature and human kindness.  All you have to do is figure out how you can live with yourself and these realities first.

Yeah, it's a tall order.  But even if it's not worth it to you right now, even if you're convinced it can't be done, do what it takes to maintain your existence a while longer anyway.  It's a mess, but you might not have to clean it all up... and if you do, there ought to be an end point worth getting to, or failing that, at least some damn fun escapes now and then.  

Learn that within you is both a child and a parent, and that you have to respect both at different times in different ways.  Embrace your weaknesses.  Rediscover your cleverness in working with, through and/or around them.  Revel in tricking or daring yourself into doing things you didn't think you could.

-------

**Finally, the whys:**  Don't forget that while there may or may not be an afterlife, there is indisputably an ongoing epic human story that you can either be a net positive or a net negative contributor to.  There is also this thing called the domino effect-- you may be in a place mentally where you think you hate everyone and don't care if the whole world burns to ashes, but for most of you, there is probably some person or animal you can think of that you would never want to harm... and if you check out completely, it will almost certainly cause someone just like that to suffer in a way that you would *not* want to be the cause of.  A being who doesn't deserve it will surely *hurt deeply* if you do this, possibly far worse than you can imagine.  If not directly, than indirectly through empathy when they find you or learn of your story, or through the absence of something positive you would've done if you'd been here.  

The premature end of a human life, scoundrel or saint, causes countless ripples that only make the world an uglier place.  Do some people deserve it?  It's very possible.  But I feel fairly safe in saying that whoever you are, you probably don't.  Regardless, there is no glory in it-- only more senseless loss, permanent wounds and forever unanswered questions.  

This is what you do: you *just keep on* walking, shuffling, crawling or rolling, however half-heartedly, no-heartedly or half-assedly, but you don't stop breathing...  for the sake of other people more than for your own interests.  Even a heavily medicated semi-life can help facilitate the experience of things like joy and love beyond itself, and I believe it's worth it to keep going for that reason alone.  Just fucking do it.  And who knows?  Maybe - just maybe - after a long while, you'll occasionally find yourself having a sincerely good time.  In those moments, it will be worth whatever it took.  I promise you, with tears coming to my eyes as I write this, you *will* be glad you made the effort in the long run.


-------

Feel free to AMA and I'll do my best to respond when I can.


Edit 1: Formatting issues-- apparently I'm a complete retard with bulleted lists.

Edit 2: Streamlining.  Still no luck on the bulleted lists, leaving as is.