Semi-suicidal thoughts (but not actually suicidal) for yearsSo sorry for the wall of text. The bottom half of this post is probably what you guys need to read the most.

I'm in college now, halfway into finishing my bachelors. I'm only in school because I have no aspirations. I'm in school only because I was offered a full scholarship there. I think I suffer from abandonment issues since my parents were hardly there for me and I am very distant from my father and mother.

Since I was a teen in junior high, I've been having semi-suicidal thoughts. At first they were just "what would happen if I were to die?" or "how would people react?". I wrote a fake will in what I thought was a joke, but now that I look back it looks pretty grim. These weren't negative, they were true thoughts of curiosity. After my first girlfriend committed suicide, I think I changed. I never talked to anyone about it because I'm introverted most of the time and I get extremely melancholic as my mind gets rushed with thoughts and I start becoming apathetic. The activities that I was doing when that rush happens just becomes pointless/repetitive/stale to me and I sometimes just find a quiet place and sit and do nothing but let my mind wander. 

The following years after the passing of my GF, I began to have these "semi" suicidal thoughts. I didn't want to outright kill myself, but I began to find that there was no point in living if I could not enjoy it. I talked to a few friends before, but because I ended up depressing them, I kind of distanced myself for their sake, or they ended up not being able to handle it and stopped talking to me.

My thoughts now consist how I'm going to die. I do not want to truly commit suicide, but I find that I'm doing a lot of things that are impairing my health or injuring my body. I find that these occur in random week long episodes, like relapsing. Cigarettes were a big problem for me. My reasoning for smoking them was not for the social aspect, it was so that they would slowly kill me. Same with drinking myself to sleep some nights.

But what bothers me the most is that the thoughts occur only after I have done something for a long time. Like near the end of the day. At the start of the day, I am happy and glad that I even woke up. I talk to people and make them laugh. I then suddenly become tired, and feel weak, and depression mode kicks in.

I'm afraid to go see a counselor. I think it's an anxiety/paranoia thing. I can't go during the day because I usually feel like there's nothing wrong with me.