Eternal RestI’m a 13 year old boy, and I don’t want to be one of those self diagnosing people only looking for attention. Lately all I can think about killing myself or just saying fuck everything in life. Hate to say it but if I had a gun right now I think I would kill myself. It’s fast and easy, no pain unlike waiting for you to bleed out from your slit wrists. No one ever likes me. My parents always talk about what a useless piece of shit I am and brags to their friends about it like it’s an accomplishment. “You know that he didn’t even do this and this, etc. He’s such a fucking asshole he doesn’t do anything right. I wish I never had kids, I wanted a girl!”, they would say usually weekly. That shit hurts. I’ve been rejected by everyone. I’ve always had straight A’s, been the smartest and mostly progressive person in the class. I’m tired of putting on a facade that anything is worth anything. There is no heaven or hell, just nothing. So why not end it? No one’s listened to my problems. “Man up, boys don’t cry! Women run the world, all men are pigs and need to die”, is what I’m constantly told. I just don’t know anymore, I just stopped caring. All I do is listen to music and cry. School is useless, learning absolutely fucking nothing and wasting your life away for a degree you can’t use. I’m sure everyone is gonna say, I’m so young, I can’t have depression. Of course not, he’s just going through a phase and is seeking attention. But that’s alright. Always been introverted and quiet. So, I just don’t know. I think I should kill myself soon life has no purpose nor meaning, just an eternal land of misery and fake happiness. The only thing that makes me remotely happy is video games and talking to people on them, but playing games is a rare occurrence. Never allowed to play though I excel every way in school, so fuck it. Drop everything who gives a shit about grades. Who gives a shit about anything. So... I’m done here. You guys should love yourself, but me fuck me, I hope I die.