Mixed MessagesI’ve been unemployed since March. I’ve been looking since then. I’ve had a couple of promising leads. Well they’re all gone as of this morning. I’m back to square one. No interviews lined up. No call backs expected. I’m floundering now in my parents’ house at the age of 30. They want me gone in a couple of months.

I’ve got them beat. I want me gone years ago. 

Everyone says I can find a job. Are you so sure? I mean really...are you sure? Here’s my shit. Take it. Take my dumpster fire personal, legal, and work histories. They’re yours free of charge. Go enjoy all the employers falling over themselves to hire you. Don’t come back to me if you get a job. It’s yours, you own it! You can live my life better than me. Grats! Similarly, don’t come back if you can’t get one. Just throw the life away. I don’t want it either.

Regardless of how it turns out I’m done. Everything in my life is shit and it just keeps getting worse. People tell me it’ll be fine. People say don’t give up. Are you people deaf or just stupid? I’m trying the best I know how. My life experience gives me the opposite message: you will fail in time. I’m tired of hearing confusing, mixed messages. I’m tired of getting my hopes up. So as of today, I’M FUCKING DONE. People will explain that I felt trapped but explain how I actually wasn’t. Those people are stupid. What was I supposed to do in this world? You say there’s a spot for me here. I’ve not seen it and I’m running out of places to look. Surely if it was a spot for me I could find it...

IDK. I’m just spiraling from this most recent rejection. I’m running out of time and I’m getting nowhere. I’m tired of trying to better my life and winding up face first on the ground. This isn’t even a life I want! I’m divorced. 2 hours from my ex and our daughters. I’m having to re-live my abusive childhood with constant fights and shit. I’m done with it. I’m done trying to find something that can make living this clusterfuck of a life have some semblance of meaning or value.

I’ve already given myself until my birthday to sort it out. Just around 2 weeks from now. At least I can count on myself to keep my personal promise 100%.