Getting worse in San FranciscoI'm trying really hard to keep this short. Reading what I've written here just makes me feel more down. My spelling and grammar are crappy here as a result. It's been a while since I've been this bad. If I were to go into all the dumb things I've done to put my life at risk this would be a fucking book. I'm trying hard to keep this short.

Currently barely scraping by in San Francisco as a developer at a start-up. I'm been suicidal for a few years now but feel completely trapped and hopeless for the first time. I have no friends in the city despite being here now for 8 months and have been unable to meet anyone. Before coing to San Francisco I was scammed out of a lot of money by my former employer (now out of business) and, in the process, lost all my savings. I had no idea rent was so expensive when I took a job here (I used to live elsewhere in California) and am able to pay all my bills but unable to save. I feel like I'm trapped and treading water. I've run a semi-popular website for a while now and sometimes it's the only reason I stick around. I feel like it's the one thing that gives my life value. It costs a ton to keep online but the thought of it going offline after I die is just too much to bare. It's something bigger than me that deserves to live and prosper. I just wish I could give more of my time to it.

The bottom-line is that I'm a fucking broke college drop-out and really shitty developer. I feel like the people that hire me are just clueless idiots or people wanting to take advantage of me. I dropped out of collage with 15 credits to go because I thought it was why I was depressed. I'm also terrible when it comes to math. Despite spending entire days studying my brain was just unable to do it. Dropping out helped for a while but I'm now in a far darker place. I moved to SF because I was previously in a 6 year relationship with a girl. She broke up with me because of my depression and losing the only friend I've ever had kinda drove me crazy. Before I moved to SF I slept with a barbecue next to my bed. I know that sounds weird but it gave me a lot of comfort knowing I could end the pain if I needed to. I moved around a bit but knew I needed completely new surroundings.

The only thing I enjoy is being close to people and writing a specific type of software but my financial situation and depression make it really hard. I take a lot of long walks through the city in the hope of maybe meeting someone but just end up embarrassed when I burst out crying in public. I'm a fucking mess and I don't know where to go. Recently I started going to bars but I only feel comfortable in the sorts of places older people go to. I've not been meeting anyone and feel like I'm only going to develop a drinking problem. I'm not addicted to anything yet (I think) but see myself clearly going down that path. I don't want to continue this direction but it really does help me manage my feelings. Recently started smoking weed and it has really helped me cut back drinking.

The one good thing is I currently have health insurance. Unfortunately I can't take off work regularly. I'm also unable to find any doctors that can see me on nights or weekends. I'm also really against taking medication. As a child I was on a ton of drugs due to my "ADD" and I am strongly convinced they messed me up mentally (I lost all appetite, hallucinated frequently, and have almost no memory of that period in my life). As a result I really struggle to remember things most people find really trivial. I'm afraid that even if I find a doctor I can visit on weekends that they will want to put me one something. I'm just not willing to potentially do more damage to my mind. A former friend who was quite traumatized as a child only had terrible experiences too so I'm really ultimately against getting help from a profession that seems to just fuck people up further.

I don't know why I'm here. I've seen a lot of other posts by other people and nobody ever offers any helpful advice. It's obvious very few people here understand this state of mind.

Lately I've found some programming classes I want to take but they are way outside my budget and would require leaving my job. Work sucks but I'm dying for every last dollar. The fact we are a venture-backed company that could disappear at any time adds a lot of stress. I hear stories of people at VC backed companies committing suicide. This sounds weird but I wish I had their courage. I wish more I could be happy and not soul-crushingly lonely and on the brink of being broke.

Been trying hard lately to meet women but despite 4 months of efforts have been unable to get a single date. Before I moved to this city I was easily able to get women. In San Francisco it's just impossible. I just don't understand it. I've been sad a while now and know how to put on a happy face and stable appearance. I don't know what I'm doing wrong all of a sudden. I've been bad before and still been able to get women. If anything I used it as a way to cope with my feelings. I've never really had friends besides girlfriends so finding someone is really important to me as I know it makes things much easier to deal with (it works better than drinking).

It would be great if maybe there is someone in SF who just wants to talk and offer advice. It would be nice to have anyone. I'm not fucking crazy or anything, just really confused and lonely. Just grabbing a cup of coffee would mean the world to me. I'm really good at putting up a normal appearance. Most people I've ever worked with speak really highly of me. I'm just really confused and sometimes cry (nobody from work has ever caught me though). Talking with someone or just walking around the city would be great.

SF has an online chat for suicidal people but I'm never able to type back. I feel like a fraud or something. Like I'm wasting their time. I've also had people tell me that they got taken away after sharing their thoughts. My job is all I have and I just can't do anything that would possibly take me away from it.

I likely won't respond to comments on this post. I would though really like to talk to someone. It would be really great if you were in San Francisco. I'm more than willing to meet up for coffee or a picnic. I would love to just meet someone real. I feel so isolated. Tired of wandering the city all night and remembering a time when I could bare life. I want to make it another week. I don't want to feel this way. Each day seems like a mountain I just can't climb.