Nothing helps anymore.Hello everyone, I would like to share my story before I pass when I finally decide to do it. 

Im a piece of shit. I loved my now ex girlfriend with all my heart and I ruined the relationship. I messaged other girls, didnt understand how to be a man. A lover. I never experienced how to be a proper man growing up. I've been depressed all my life it seems like. She made me happy. I remember the first time I ever saw her I thought how elegant and gorgeous she was. How badly I just wanted to know everything about that woman. We worked together briefly, but I never had the chance to actually talk to her. I left that job, then went back with Hope's she was still there ( she wasn't) and I was a little upset. A little while later lord behold we matched on tinder. I was so excited. I was going to show her I was going to be the man she wanted to marry. Spend her life with. We hit it off and jesus was it wonderful. The good parts and the bad parts I loved being with her. I could look at her and feel a sense of comfort. I could have the worst day ever and seeing her not only melted my heart, but also eased my soul. We were both on day shift and I told her I was going to nights because I was forced to and I told her I would make it work. And it did work fairly well. But then we stopped having sex (I suffer from ED, and delayed ejaculation making it hard for me to cum when I'm not jacking off because I'm a loser) and I could just see her getting upset about that. I remember one time when we fought though I had redownloaded tinder and used it and messaged a couple girls (nothing serious but still terrible and I felt sick to my stomach about that) and still to this day I do. A little while later I had caught her messaging someone who was states away.... I brushed it off because of not only what I had done but because I love her and I would simply do anything for her. She made me happy no matter what. She was my bestfriend. Obviously you can tell by now I'm toxic. I grew up in a very toxic family so unfortunately that's all I know. You cant love that and no one wants to deal with that. I dont have a lot of friends (realistically I have one friend who has stuck by my side for 10 years now) and I honestly dont know why. I've done so many terrible things in the past 10 years that hes known me, literally my whole town hates me. But one day I went over to her house and I just saw how sad she was. I couldnt believe I did that to her. So I decided to break up with her. It was obviously what she wanted because when I went to see/talk to her the next day she screamed to me to leave her alone. Forever. That she hated me and never loved me. That my "dick game was trash, my hobby is stupid, I'm just a temp at my job, she never loved me and will always hate me" were her exact words. They echo in my head everyday. I can even hear her voice. Then I begged and begged her to come back. She ended up punching me multiple times when I tried to see her one time. Tried to call and message her every hour of every day. Crying. Threatening suicide (which is something I shouldnt have done or put on her shoulders) but I fucked up and did. I gave her some money because she asked for it and that was the last time we had actually spoken without her telling me to kill myself. Every time I tried to contact her afterwards she told me to kill myself. So did her new boyfriend she had a month if even that after we broke up. And they're right. No one likes me. She is always going to hate me. She is never going to come back. I've gone to the hospital for suicide twice this year  and I've attempted to take my medication, but why even bother when it wont change anything between me and her. I tried to give up my hobby but couldnt. But now when I try to do my hobby (I play yugioh the card game) I dont find any joy in it. I actually got a full time job at the company I was a temp for but now I find no joy in that either. I'm on super manic mode as I've worked like 60 hours this week and probably only slept 25ish hours this week. And I suck at my job anyways. I've tried to find new partners but it seems like everyone just goes back to their ex. And I'll never be the ex that she comes back to or that anyone will comeback to because I'm obviously toxic. And i just feel the need to finally end my life. My mom is coming to town, so i will get to see her one last time before i die. She kind of knows that I've been wanting to commit suicide. She knows I'll be happy. I know this is a long read but I just want to get my story out there. I'm not asking for any sympathy, or empathy. Just dont hurt someone you love. Because when they never come back, and that was the only truly important thing you had in your life, you'll be in my shoes more than likely. And you know that saying "you couldn't even walk a mile in my shoes"? Well I wouldnt even want you to put them on because no one deserves to feel this way. I know this is going to be a long read, and no one will probably even read this. But I just want everyone to know my story before I pass when i decide to do it.


Tldr: I'm a toxic piece of shit who obviously has abandonment issues, bpd and Depression and my relationship that has been over for a year now has spiraled me to the lowest I've ever been in my life and I cant get out of it and I just want everyone to know my story. Thank you for listening/reading