Saved by a bumble beeTo give you some background I am at this time a 29 year old male. making me around 24-25 at the time. In my late teens/early 20s I started dabbling in recreational drug use. I had smoked pot since 16 everyday and started trying pills like Xanax and Percocet as well as alcohol. I became border line alcoholic for a few years til i re discovered the wonderful effects of pills. Fast forward 4-5 years and I’m in full blown addiction. Shooting up anything I can get my hands on and snorting every line put in front of me. Eventually I got in trouble (an owi in Wisconsin thanks to driving on Xanax) which spiraled me a bit more. A few weeks later I got the same charge back home in Michigan. At this point I’m at rock bottom. Everyone wants to help but doesn’t know how. I can’t blame them, I was a basket case. So I’m arrested on a second owi and once again call my mom to bail me out(sad to say that’s the only times I called her besides when I needed money bad). She bails me out within a few hours and drops me back at my parents home since my car was impounded. I had been staying there partially because I hated being at my home alone(girlfriend of 4 years had recently left me because of my drug use) and partially to make my mom feel better. Anyway, She goes back to work at our family business and leaves me at home with my oldest younger sister(about 19-20 at the time) who had been staying there also. I’m still very upset and getting down on myself ( I suffer from severe depression). Basically throwing myself a pity party. As I closed the door to the room I was staying in I see my drug kit hanging on the back of the door in a shoe rack type deal. I suddenly remember the morphine pills I still had. Enough to do some damage. So I leave my house and cross the street walking towards the impound lot( I lived basically across from it). I grabbed the needles the cops had left In my vehicle and head back home. I go straight back to my room and close the door. I took a minute to think it over and came to the decision I was gonna do all the pills, fall asleep, and die peacefully. I mixed up the batch and loaded the syringe. I waited til my sister left the house because I knew she had to go to work. I hear the front door open and close. It’s time now.I laid back in the bed, stuck the needle in, and pushed off. It gets hazy at this point in my memory. But I have some flashbacks of it. I remember my sister coming into the room and me being confused and unable to articulate anything. I guess she called my parents and they rushed me to the hospital. They flight of lifed me to Green Bay because of my condition. I believe I did die. I remember being above my body not able to move then falling back into it and regaining control, trying to rip the respirator I was hooked up to out of my mouth. This is where memory comes back. I’m carted around to some therapists whom determine I need to be in psychiatric hold for at least 72 hours. My parents and sister come down to Green Bay the day before I’m released. I ask a few questions about what happened. They explained my sister had come back and found me (which I’ll forever owe her for). When they told me the reason she came back I was floored. She got to her car and there was a bumble bee in it that she wanted me to get out for her. So she came back in the house to get me. So I was ultimately saved by a bumble bee and my younger sister. I still struggle with addiction but am at the point now where life isn’t so bleak and I’m glad I’m still here. To anyone in the same situation I was in, please hold on. Reach out to someone. It isn’t worth putting your family and loved ones through something so traumatic. I’ll end on that note.