Failed university, thinking of throwing in the towel on life altogetherI've been pursuing a bachelor's degree for four years now and I just found out I failed 3 classes this semester which means my financial aid will be terminated. Without it I can't afford tuition, I have no idea how I'm going to break this to my parents. This was not suppose to happen, I was suppose to graduate this spring and find a decent job with a decent wage that would motivate me to pursue professional help to confront my avoidant personality disorder and possibly move out of my parents home. I was so so close. sigh. University was really the only thing I had going for me, it was the only redeeming aspect of my life. I have no friends, no significant other, most people would probably consider my lifestyle boring (I read books, browse the internet, workout, attend university while making sure to always keep to myself) i'm basically a hermit, I would only venture out of my house to attend classes or the gym. I guess the thing that bothers me the most (aside from fucking up my future) is that I know why I failed, it's a mixture of a lot of things, really. I was studying a major a didn't care for that had lousy job prospects, worse part is I chose it. I chose it because it required very little math, my brain doesn't work well with numbers so my choices were very limited to begin with. Some of my peers dropped out after the first year but I kept going (passing by doing the absolute bare minimum, C's get degrees right?) I continued despite feeling deeply dissatisfied because my whole life I was conditioned to go to college and obtain a higher education, there's a stigma attached to those people who take alternative avenues. I'm already judged enough by the abnormal life I lead, really didn't need to add another thing to the mix. Do any of you guys have any advice? I have no idea where to go from here. Once the anger wears off my parents are probably going to demand I get a job and contribute with expenses which is totally understandable. If I was a healthy functional adult I would comply without hesitation, but I can't even imagine myself going through the whole interview process much less sustaining a job. All I know is how to be a student (I suppose not even that). I'm filled with absolute apprehension when I contemplate my future. I'm 21 soon to be 22 and I have nothing to show for. FUCK.