So much turmoil on the insideI know that what I'm about to say may not amount to much, I'm just in so much pain right now.

My wife and I are on the brink of divorce. We've been arguing over and over again since the beginning of November, but it's truly starting to come to a head because this morning she asked me to go find somewhere else to stay tonight and that she doesn't want to see me again. We have an 11 month old, and he's been the source of a lot of the stress in the marriage - at nearly a year old, he still doesn't sleep much and while we've tried everything short of hiring a sleep consultant, nothing seems to make much difference. He's a very cranky child (though he also has moments of happiness) and nothing we seem to do pleases him consistently. My wife is at home with him all day as he struggles and rebels against naps even though he's clearly tired, and she's just at his wits end with him. Since I go to work, I don't see him as much and she's really struggling with him. She's angry I don't help more (which I understand, but at the end of the day between him not sleeping at night and keeping us up and my job, I'm totally exhausted) and that I'm not moving quickly enough to get a job closer to our families so she can get some measure of relief from perhaps them taking him (though both of our families are nightmares and will not likely help). She's angry that the house is a wreck. She's angry that our friends have basically abandoned us. She's angry that I'm not being emotionally supportive enough. She's angry that she never gets to sleep (to be fair, neither do I). She's angry that her brother and sisters are doing so much better than us (they're very rich). And everything I say seems to trigger more anger from her. At this point she seems convinced that life will be better without me in it.


My job is hell - part of the problem is I'm not very good at it, but we are in so much debt that I have to keep doing it. I can't leave to go back to school because we need my income. My boss is always angry with me about something, and frankly I think it's likely that I will be fired soon. I'm sure if that happens my wife will be set off on another storm of anger, and I can't blame her. I'm trying my best at the job (seriously, I spend a ton of time trying to do as well as I can) but it's just not enough. This morning my boss said that my office (which I will grant, is messy) was deplorable. On the heels of what my wife said to me this morning, I just can't take it anymore.


Every day I fantasize about throwing myself in front of the subway here (I don't think I will actually do it, only because it's an incredibly selfish thing to do to a subway driver) and every day I just wish more and more that I could turn back time and do so much differently. Maybe if I'd tried to get us moved before the baby came so she could be near her family (I haven't spoken to my family in years - that's a whole other mess). Maybe if I'd never taken this job in the first place. I don't know - I'm just so overwhelmed right now and I don't know what I might do. I don't know where I will go tonight (hotel I guess? Though if I get a solid night's sleep at a hotel she may actually kill me). I don't think I will kill myself if only so my son doesn't grow up with a dad. I don't know, I just need someone to talk to. Maybe getting all this down will help. I can't see a way out.