can someone help me T_Tso i dont know where to begin to be honest. i guess ill start talking about why im depressed. so... the reason im depressed is im scared of becoming something horrible. like a pedophile, murderer, rapist, ect... i have no intentions of any of that, i hate kids, i hate rape and murder. but i guess im paranoid that one day i will be one of those. im really paranoid person. if i ever do any of that i will commite suicide for sure the very day. and thats a promise i will forever keep. #2 i miss growing up in life, im no longer excited about anything really . i used to die of excitement for xmas any holiday. now im just like '' oh cool another day'' i fucking miss being like 5 years old. playing with my little toys and watching pokemon everyday. #3 deep web. i very knowlaged on the deep web ALOT but i find child porn forums and animal abuse sites scared me. i remember visting a cp forum out of curiousity of what people are discussing on there .months ago and it was so fucking gross. i wish a painful depressing tortuous unbearable death on those fucking pedos. after seeing what those cunts where talking about and posting on the site disturbed me. everyday i want to go back to the site to read what these fucks are saying, but i dont want to how fucked it was, but it tears me up inside not knowing. i want to know what these idiots are discussing on the forum. my plans are to ddos the site till corruption or they decide to remove the site. i dont care the consequences are as long as i have fun ruining these pedos life. also dont worry im very skilled with vpn and ddosing without getting caught. it scares me wondering whats will be the worst site on the deep web would be. #4 thats all i say im going to end my life but,i i guess im just a fucking pussy, who cant dont it. i dont want to up set y friends and family. i called a suicide hotline 3 times and it was fucking stupid and worthless. i also applied for 2 depressions and suicide therapy, and they all refused to take me. one gave me an email saying something like '' we are very sorry but we refuse to take you. you are out of our control. please call 911 for help. nad other said something like '' sorry but you are to suicidal for us to take you. call 911. why is my life to fucking difficult. i fucking hate this why cant i just die alone i when im sleeping without me doing it. i hate seeing happy people it makes me more depressed. i dont know what to do i think im lost