Should I come out to my friends about my depression and suicidal thoughts? (+story)Hi, I'm 18 and I live with depression even though I want to die.
Only a few people know about the depression I suffer from. The only people that do know are my mom, dad, my ex, and her dad and everyone that knows chooses to ignore it and not provide me any support. I feel like reaching out to my distant friends by just coming clean right on a Facebook post but I'm worried about what they will think of me. They might be scared of me or maybe think I'm just doing it for attention but truth is, I need help right now. I figured coming clean being anonymous would be a starting point. What do you think?

If you want to hear my story:
I've always suffered from depression for as long as I can remember but I didn't really know it until I went to a psychologist to get tested for my OCD. Turns out I tested positive for Major depression and anxiety, OCD, and a touch of schizophrenia (the part that makes you paranoid).

I got sent over the edge about two months ago when my girlfriend of 10 months left me. I was convinced we would be together forever so much so that I gave her my virginity. Doesn't seem like a big deal but I literally went against my religion to do it so it was a very big deal to me. Our relationship was perfect. No signs of failure. I did nothing wrong, she did nothing wrong (that I know of) until she randomly left me one day and she couldn't seem to tell me why. I figured out pretty easily she left me for another guy just one day later. That first day I tried to win her back but the next day reality hit and I knew she was gone. Around 2AM I grabbed a bottle of sleeping pills from the cabinet and downed it one by one but ended up barfing up most of the pills (oh man I've never been in so much pain) and then I tried cutting my wrists for the first time to kill myself but it hurt too bad to go any deeper (I'm a pussy I know) then I texted my ex a goodbye letter and just waited in the bathtub to see if I held enough pills down or if I'd eventually bleed out. Sometime around 5AM I got up and cleaned myself up and put a long sleeve shirt on and laid in bed. My ex still hadn't woke up yet and therefore hadn't seen my first text so I sent her a text saying I thought I was ok and waited for her to reply. Around 6AM I got a reply and she said she thought I should go to the hospital. I said no and she promised not to tell anyone but she broke that promise kind of like how she broke the promise that she made when he said she would always love me. At about 6:30AM my mom burst into my room asking me what was going on. I lied and said I didn't take any pills (ex forgot to mention I cut myself to my mom). I left the house as my mom tried to stop me and reassured her I didn't do anything. I drove away and sat in the car for a few hours exhausted from staying up all night. I came back home and snuck in my room and fell asleep for a few hours before waking up and immediately leaving. I went to a concert that night. They were all local hardcore bands. I stood on the sidewalk between sets waiting for a bus to come so I could jump in front of it. I heard before the show one of my acquaintances had died the night before but no one knew why. Throughout the night people were crying and mourning for him. He was a well known guy in the local scene. Throughout all of the time I spent standing on the sidewalk looking down the street only one of my friends asked me if I was alright and I immediately lied and retreated back inside. Right before the last band played I overheard a conversation about suicide. Turns out that suicide was my acquaintance's cause of death. It hit me that I couldn't make people sad like that. After the last band played I went back to the sidewalk and sure enough, a bus came going a perfect speed to take me out, but I didn't feel like I wanted to die anymore because of the people around me. Here I am two months later and I am depressed and still want to die to an extent. It wasn't just that the love of my life left me. It was a combination of things. I failed at high school so I can't get into a college, I work all the time now so I can save up enough to move out (might actually end up hurting me more by making me be even more alone), all of my high school friends moved away except for a few that don't have time for me anymore, I have no way to be social and make new friends except for the concerts that come around every now and then, even at social events I'm too shy with strangers, I am experiencing true hate for the first time as I literally want to take a gun to the guy who stole my girlfriend's face which is very unlike me. I'm also dealing with the fact that I still love her a whole two months later, so much so that I'm not even mad at her. I didn't even cuss her out or anything for leaving me, lying to me, or breaking promises. I sent her flowers, poems, I'm a musician so I even wrote a song that I gave to her and she still barely acknowledges me anymore. I have nothing but love for her when I should hate her. I fell in love with a psychopath. Fitting because I feel like I am one right now. I need help. Bad. I feel like I'm only alive so I don't make others sad.