Don't know how long I can be strongI'm really hesitant to post this.  I haven't necessarily decided to kill myself yet, but that time could very well come soon.

I've wanted to kill myself since last Wednesday.  (Of course, this isn't the first time I've had these feelings.  This is just the latest development.)  I have bipolar disorder and am medicated, and one of my meds has just been increased in dosage, which I guess could be causing this.  Because there's not much wrong with my life.  Sure, I'm stressed from taking 5 classes at college and planning my transfer for next fall, and I'm kinda lonely, but things have been looking up.  I just came back from an international trip to visit friends and have another one coming up at the end of May, I will most likely graduate from community college right before that, and I was extremely excited to make a move to a new city and a new college this summer.   (Plus NHL playoffs are coming up, which is always exciting.)

I feel like I have almost every reason to be happy.  But I can feel myself slowly cracking along the edges.  I keep going to the drugstore and looking at the razor blades, even though I failed miserably at hurting myself when I tried at age 19.  I'm 22 now, and things were a lot worse in my life at the time of my only real attempt.  I didn't buy any, but I still relapsed on self harm today.  (I did something very minor that caused almost no damage since I don't feel safe keeping sharp objects around.)  I feel pathetic for what I did and how I did it and how I feel.

I don't know what to do.  I can't keep going on like this.  But I don't know if I'd succeed at any method of killing myself either.  And if I unsuccessfully attempt suicide, it'll ruin my life and all my plans that I'm trying so hard to be excited for.  But if I worry about things like that, does it mean I'm not truly suicidal?  Maybe I don't deserve help.  I'm so confused and hurt right now.

Sorry this was kind of a jumbled mess.  There's so much I need to say right now.