I hope I can end it soon. I wish I could die without upsetting anyone.I thought that since I started being homeschooled and going to the community college things would get better.
And it was, for a time.
Now, the workload is catching up with me. I’ve wanted to become a history major for a very long time. I was so excited to take a history class, and now I have found that it is so much harder than I ever anticipated. I love to read, but the reading is so dry. My classes do a lot of quizzes and things online, and it’s very hard to figure out how everything works. I’ve asked for help, but it becomes harder and harder to do so. I feel like I’m not going to amount to anything.
My bipolar disorder has also gotten worse. My mood swings are more and more frequent, and the doctor is afraid to put me on any more medications. I’d go to the hospital, but my parents would think I’m selfish if I did such a thing. They would be so disappointed. My uncle was recently in the hospital for depression, and while I am not supposed to talk about it, I feel like it is kind of important. If I were to go to the hospital so shortly after, my parents would probably think I’m a copycat doing it for attention. 
I’ve started cutting my legs with knives. Not deep, but enough to bleed. My parents don’t know about that though, and they don’t need to. Even if they should, they’d think I’m lying. I wish I could tell them exactly how I feel without hurting them. I won’t lie. They psychologically abuse me. I don’t have any good examples but they do it. They fuck with my mind. My mom constantly belittles me, and other times she acts like she’s the best mom in the world. And at those times, I believe it. My dad knows that’s how she is, and he even acknowledged it the other night. He said that she used to be worse. And yet, he doesn’t do anything about it. They scream at me and accuse me of being lazy and then they wonder why I scream back. The depression makes me irritable and upset and there are days I can’t even get out of bed. My dad says I need to work and he constantly pesters me about it. It makes me fucking miserable. 
I’m not only lashing out at my parents, I’ve started lashing out at the people around me, like some of the college kids. There’s a boy in the gaming room I hang out in a lot and he constantly tries to show me stuff on his phone. He’s obviously autistic or something and I try to be nice to him. My little cousin has autism and I know it’s hard to deal with that. But he constantly tries to shove things in my face to show me and I politely ask him to leave me alone. Today, he followed me to show me dumb shit on his phone when I had a panic attack in the gaming room after trying to study and realizing I lost my glasses. He kept shoving his phone in my face despite me telling him nicely to leave me alone. Eventually I got mad and yelled at him to fuck off. He starts crying, I cry too because I genuinely feel bad for yelling at him. Now I look like the bitch who yells at autistic people. 
I hate myself for being such a bitch. I try to be nice, I really do. I want to make friends, but I’m so socially awkward and weird people don’t want to be around me. I have tried to make friends in college, but so far I have no one. I feel so lonely and lost in life I don’t know how much further I can go. I try to provide support to other people going through what I am, but either they ignore me or tell me that I’m too weird. I hate being the weird kid. Last year when I was in high school, people wanted to vote me in the yearbook as “most likely to be a school shooter”.
Now to be clear, I could never hurt another person. I would never do something like that. I don’t even think of doing something like that. I wouldn’t even consider it. 
Another thing that bothers me is the Drama club I used to be in. It’s kind of a Stockholm syndrome thing. They treated me like shit and would never give me any roles that had more than three lines at most, except one skit that I was the main character of when I first joined. It seemed like they liked me then. But maybe I try too hard to make friends. People started avoiding me after people started saying I’d probably shoot up a school and they kept their distance. The drama teacher, despite the fact I learned a lot from him, is an asshole. He made me feel absolutely worthless.
Now, they get to go to Scotland for an acting festival. After treating quite a few of its members like shit, they are revered by the community and hailed as heroes. No one takes into account the scars it leaves behind.
If it wasn’t for the fact that, even though they can be horrible people, I know it would hurt my family immensely if I were to kill myself. But I don’t know how much longer I can hold out. They won’t let me get a job, they won’t let me learn to drive, and I rarely get to visit any of my other friends, who all live near me. The only reason I’m still alive is because I know it would hurt my family if I died.

I’m sorry for rambling, there is so much I want to get off my chest. It would take too long to write down everything that is bothering me. 

I have quite a few painkillers in my purse right now for an ingrown toenail. It probably wouldn’t do the trick, but I am sincerely considering taking all of them in a suicide attempt. I know it probably won’t work, but the temptation is getting too strong. Maybe I’ll keel over in the middle of class or something. That would be fantastic.


Again, sorry for the long read.