A summary of my lifeI am currently 14 years old. I’ve been suicidal since I was in third grade; this is mainly because of my parents forcing me with unthinkable expectations. They made me feel like a worthless nobody. When I was in the 5th grade my only will to live died. (quite literally my great grandmother died) Since then I have a sister 3 years young and on who is 12 years younger. My mom had issues with my dad and left into an apartment. She cheated on him and got drunk multiple times. I fucking lost it and attacked her. She was able to quickly subdue me since I was 3.8. Afterwards she told me that I was replaceable, a nobody, and she wished I was an abortion, among many other things. That very night I went and grabbed her handgun, upholstered it, pointed it to my head and pulled the trigger. It didn’t have one in the chamber and so no gunshot. I knew how to chamber it properly and did so. Then I put it back and cried myself to sleep. I went to see a counselor and she told my parents everything. I never felt so betrayed. Fast forward towards the summer we just had. I was forced to watch my two sisters. My mom started dating another guy and favoured him over me. As in clear favoritism. The faggot was 30 pounds bigger than be and always wrestled until I was knocked out. One day I had enough and fucking kicked him so hard in the head he had a concussion. I didn’t stop there however, I axe kicked him in the ribs then face bloodying him all over. My mom only showed care for him. Even after he knocked me out all those times. Even to this day my 2 year old sister called me mommy. That’s one thing I will have over her. My 11 year old sister hates me. My Dad is abusive mentally. I’m and not a cutter and have only cut my self once. I took a box cutter and made sure to break a piece off. Then I cut my wrists once and once only. However I still want the high it gives you. I have never got drunk. Gotten high. Or anything of such besides sex. I feel empty inside and every climax fills that even for a little bit.  People think I’m throwing my life away mainly because I used to be in all honors. I have 3 high school credits whilst I’m in the 8th grade. I can’t go on much longer. I’m thinking of ending it tomorrow. I have easy access to weapons such as a shotgun. My mom is a painter so as payback I was thinking of shotgunning the back of my head on her favorite paintings. So here brings the question what would you do in my situation?