I'm waning.So since I became a mid teen, my life has felt like complete total hell. I would like to sit down and talk about it, because I am waning. I am very close to wanting to end my life. 

Ever since my mother met her current husband, I have been deprived of a family, or even love. My mother used up a bunch of her money for her wedding, then she left me and my two brothers to fend for ourselves in New York. At this time, I had been in a rocky relationship with my ex-boyfriend. Mostly because I was in love with (my current lover, whom is now my fiance.)  I felt I wouldn't be able to do anything as a 17 (or 16) year old male, so I went to live with him not knowing precisely in what kind of area he lived at. He lived in New Hamsphire in the middle of nowhere in the swamps, not fun and not good when I had a waning mentality, so I felt chained and stuck which reduced my mental state greatly. Mostly since I felt alone the entire time, now to state further. When I feel alone, I tend to cope with my personalities as I have multiple, thus talking to myself. Just to say, it's not a great experience. 

Moving forward, I broke up with him since I was extremely unhappy and my mental state was only worsening and thus he kicked me out of the house. I seeked help from my god mother, since my mother didn't want anything to do with me, and my god grandmother, let me stay in her home.  The issue was, they gave me two weeks to find both a job and an apartment. I couldn't, so I returned to New York and I had nothing there. My brothers gave me space for living, but I didn't have anything to do for about 14 hours a day besides stare at a wall, which activated my coping to speak to myself which drove me further down a rabbit hole. But overnight, I was able to play, so I slept about 2 hours, spent my days trying to cope, and my nights playing with friends who eventually all left me.

I met up again with the girl I had an immense crush on 4 to 5 years ago, and I was single, she was dating someone. I had tried dating people after my ex boyfriend, but they were bad people, one was an old friend who only just had me about to hurt me further and further down a rabbit hole, making me feel like a terrible person. But I won't talk about them.

I met up with my fiance, but she was with someone. She and I hung out, called all day and night, thus she was bringing me back down to earth metaphorically. She broke up with her boyfriend to get with me, and I promised her I'd make her infinitely happy for the rest of her life, I still do. I went down to Texas hoping her family would be reasonable, and at first they weren't, but then I came back and the grandparents let me stay with them. I helped around the house and everything, but then after a few months my fiancé's cousin caused drama and the grandparents kicked me out of the house. 

Let me just state, I was warned the cousin is a liar and has mental problems. She exposed to me that she has a crush on me, while she knew I was engaged to my fiance, yet she attempted to make moved onto me, like kissing me, the night before I was kicked out. 

Ever since then I have been house hopping, but I feel I have come to a halt and it's only been making me lose hope. The closer I get to Christmas the more fated I feel, to not see my fiance and to be homeless. I draw myself closer, even when I was living with my fiance to kill myself, I have even put a knife to my throat, or even a gun. But I think about her and I don't do it, because she means the world to me. But things like having nightmares everyday recently, and her being too busy with family has been fading her farther and farther and have drawn me closer to killing myself, I don't want to do it, I really don't, but I also don't want to keep living anymore. I am asking for genuinely any help, because I love my fiance. I don't want to kill myself and ruin her, I want to live and be with her, or I wouldn't have taken the time to even write all of this. 

(I have told my mother I am going homeless and she cares for her husband's kids, and not her own if anyone is asking, I have asked all of my friends for help. But no one is available, and my fiancé's grandparents threatened to call the police on me if I ever set foot on their property.)