why is this meI am not as desperate as I am sure other people here, so I suppose if you are reading this, it may be best to stop reading and go help someone else who deserves help or really needs it more than me.

I dont understand why I cannot be happy. But I am not, and I wish I didnt have to slog through every day. But it does not make any sense why I feel this way. I have the best wife ever. I have the cutest baby ever that is only a few months old. I have a dad that helps me whenever I need it. I have a good job that pays me way more than I deserve. On the surface, I have the best life. But. I am not happy. I wake up every day, and wish I didnt. I want to stay for my wife and my baby, and I know I cannot leave them, but I wish they were not there, so I could not be here. So I could just not have to deal with this. I am not an alcoholic, or at least, I never have been in the past. But lately, I have been drinking every day. More and more every day. I am finding sedating my brain is the only way to make the current day passable. I originally did it to make me happy, now I do it to not be sad. I was taking anti-depressants for anxiety and depression, but stopped. I have withdrawn from antidepressants several times in the past, so I know what happens and how to deal with it. I may be additionally depressed because I stopped taking them, but I know really at most it only compounds maybe 20% of my current desire to not exist anymore. It is not a significant contributing factor. It just doesnt make sense. Why am I not happy. And not only why am I not happy, but why am I so unhappy? It is not just the lack of happiness, it is the greyness. The hopelessness. The anti-happiness.

I have a million reasons to consider myself the luckiest and happiest person in the world, but instead, I google how to tie a hangman's noose I will never actually tie. I fake a million smiles to my gorgeous wife, cute and smiley baby, but then I go downstairs and tie a hangman's noose on a new rope I bought recently for rock climbing.

My brain must be broken, because I cannot comprehend why I feel this way. Anyone else in my situation would be the most joyous person in the world. Instead, I am here. Struggling to see in the dark while enveloped in blinding light. I must be broken. My baby smiles at me right now, and I smile back, and am the happiest person in the world, but then I look away and I am in the mariana's trench.

It doesn't last. It never lasts.

My mother killed herself. It has only been a few years. I wish she knew that when she killed herself, she killed me too. It was simply delayed. 

I fear for when not wanting my wife to cry, or giving my baby a father is not enough.

Don't bother replying to this. I won't be reading it. Please pray to God for me. I pray to him myself, but nothing. He gets further away each day. I want to personally ask him why. Why is this me?