hi ! pretty much out of options by nowidk how to write one of these so sorry about that. im 19, i've struggled with depression for a long time, and im walking around with mostly untreated ptsd because i was raped some years ago. i've attempted suicide twice before and i've had many more close calls. up until spring i was feeling like my life was kind of turning around, i had a job and i had finally moved out from an abusive/unsupportive household, and i was generally ok all things considered.

i've been on the waitlist for a dysphoria investigation for about a year and a half, and in my country a dysphoria diagnosis is required to start hormone treatment. i was supposed to get my first appointment around spring, but because of covid that's been indefinitely put on hold, and the investigation itself usually takes 1-2 years, so it looks like it'll be several years more before i can even start hormones at this point.

around march or april i lost my job, and obviously there's a pandemic so there aren't a lot of job opportunities for an uneducated 19-year-old with mental health issues, so i was eventually evicted i think in may. my living situation has been tenuous since then, i was homeless/couch-surfing for a while and such. at the sort of low point of that i basically slept with a guy just so he'd let me stay with him, that wasn't exactly great for my mental well being either. now i've had to move back in with my dad who is vehemently unsupportive of my transition and a sometimes violent alcoholic.

so essentially: it will be years until i'll get to truly be myself, im stuck between either being homeless or living with my abusive father, and im depressed and dealing with the symptoms of ptsd. i feel like i'll never get out of this situation and i feel like suicide is genuinely my only way out of this, i don't think i can deal with more of my life. i don't have the energy to do anything about it even if i could somehow solve this, i don't have the energy for anything, i just want to lay down and disappear, have all the horrible things end. i feel very isolated and alone in this, i've lost contact with most of my friends and those i've still contact with i've feelings of guilt about them letting me stay with them earlier this year. so that's where im at. cheery yeah ?