I'd like to share my story.It's going to be a long story. But I have always found the internet to comfort me (in some form or another).
Specifics will not be too specific as to protect my identity.
My name is Kevin. I am from Massachusetts. I am the oldest child out of my parents's 3. I have a brother and a sister. I was always that quiet, sullen, depressed kid. All my life it has been that way. Could never take pride in my work, and just was always apathetic about not only what happened to others around me, but to myself aswell.

When i was 10 years old, my father lost his job, (as he explained it, when 9/11 happened, the market kind of panicked a bit and his company lost most investors causing it to flounder, not important, but fun-fact).
So my parents decided it would be a good idea to move to Arizona so my dad could afford education (he was a programmer but mainly through experience rather then education). We drive across country and it was okay. We get to our new house, everythings different. No longer the humid, lush green climate. But dry and desolate. I didn't like it, but I also was impartial to it.
So about a year later, my Mom goes from stay at home to working. She meets a guy at work and they become friends.. My mom and dads relation ship was disintegrating, and I could tell at 11 years old. I had frequent nightmares and thoughts of what death was like often. I never did well in school, I learn better through application then through "just do it because we said". My mom eventually has an affair, kicks my dad out of the house, and my life goes downhill from there.

I was never abused as a young kid, occasional spanking sure, but nothing extreme or out of order. I was really close to my dad, as we were alot of like. I started playing video games (age of empires) when i was about 5 years old, watching my dad play. I, of course, wanted to be "just like dad". So I ended up getting into them aswell. Anyway, when my parent's got divorced, my mom remarried almost immedietly to the guy she cheated my dad with. So i had a new step dad, who wasnt a TOTAL dick, but was a bit more aggressive then i cared for. 

My dad at the mean time found an appartment and lived there for about a year. Me and my siblings would visit about 3 times a week after school. Would go and watch tv or go to the movies or something. He then started using an online dating sight, similar to E-harmony i think but for my specific religion. He met this woman, who, to this day, regardless of how much i try to forgive and forget, I hate this woman so much, but karma got her, so its w/e.

He started seeing this woman, taking me and my siblings to visit her in one of the distant towns, 2 hr drive, but we sat in the car and played our gameboys. He eventually asked her to marry him, but before that he asked me about my opinion on her. I said I guess its okay, i mean, jesus, what the hell does an 11 (nearly 12) year old know about that kind of stuff?

When they got married, things were fine. I stilled lived with my mom and step dad, but when i went to visit my dad and new step mom, it was Much greener. I got whatever i wanted, got to stay on the computer just about as long as i wanted (was a computer kid then, still am one now). Eventaully, my step mom started feeding my young brain ideas about how BAD my real mother was (sure, she cheated on my dad, but despite that, she is still an amazing mother, and takes good care of her kids). But, because i was getting whatever I wanted, I figured if i moved in, i would still get whatever i wanted.

Well, I was wrong. 150% wrong. I eventually said to my real mom - "your a bad mom and i want to live with my dad". There were other things i said, sure. But i do not remember them. A few months pass, with my continuation of expressing.. not hate.. but unhappiness? around the house. Eventually, my mom said I can go live with my dad. It was my 12th birthday. When my dad came to pick me up, I had my box's of legos, my gameboy, clothes, and that was about it. While putting the stuff in the car, I had this feeling... one that i will never forget. A feeling of impending doom, like i was about to face a fear unlike any i had previously experienced. But i didnt really know what i was feeling until much later.

So we get to my dads house, things are cool and fine for a few months. School starts and I go. About 3 months after school starts, things start to... change. My step mom is a bit meaner and sterner, I dont get to spend as much time on the computer as before. But i figure its because I started school (and so did my new step siblings), so i ignored it. Eventually, things start to get a bit out of control. I'm constantly in trouble (a few times im grounded for what i deserved, sure, but im talking about totally random punishments for damn near nothing). my step mothers favorite punishment was to pull ground cover and weeds. Even to this day I cant weed or do anything really with plants without feeling extreme anger, fear, and depression.

I start to become an angry kid, purposefully isolating myself from everyone else (school, home, church, anywere). I spend alot of time with my legos, reading books, and listening to my radio. Being grounded alot means i didnt have much, so i made do. I start sneaking out at night to egg/TP/random vandalize the neighbors houses, was never caught, but I took my anger and hatred out on those around me. I didn't understand at the time why i did those things, but I do now. My 13th birthday comes around, things stay about the same. I come home, my siblings mentally abuse me and break my things without punishment, I fix it as much as i can and go along, all the while feeling depressed and self loathing. When i was about 13 years old, my step mother lost her job as a nurse, for what i later learned was for stealing morphine needles, showing up drunk, and questioning DOCTORS during some operations.

So we move to Utah (still not sure why, but whatever). I have alot of family (real blood family, not my obnoxious step family), there. So i figured maybe things will get better. Things got worse. Much worse. We move into a large farm house in a relatively rural community. Large yard, large house, ect. So when school starts again, I still get in trouble for just about nothing. I come home from school and watch tv for a bit, hop on the pc and play some runescape (yes, was "the game" for me for a while), and just zone out. My step mom didn't like how much time i spent on the pc, so i got that privelige severely reduced until my dad basically gave me my own laptop (just to borrow unfortunetly.) I was failing school, as when i brought home a grade anything other then 100%, i was questioned, interrogated really, about why it was 95%. My dad would be amazed and be really happy for me, as he knew i gave fuck all about school. But my step mom tore me down, so i gave up. I litterally just went to school, sat there, and went home.

My step mom didnt like it that i gave up, i would be punished with chores and cleaning. I had just my radio, books, my gameboy (whcih i would hide so my siblings couldnt steal it, im still missing alot of my possesions whcih im sure they have (or had). I would get the chore to clean the dishes, and i was always the last one to be given food, so i got whatever - and sometimes there wasnt any - leftovers. So i would go to bed hungry, wait until 1 am or so when i sure everyone was asleep, sneak downstairs and grab crackers, bread, anything really.

