The Mind and Body Connection is RealI was suicidal because who I believed to be the love of my life and soulmate ended things with me. He knows I’ve been depressed and suicidal, yet he continues to ignore my calls and texts. As a result, I’ve been more anxious than I’ve ever been. I haven’t been taking care of myself. I’ve been eating terribly, not hydrating, and barely sleeping even though I stay in bed for hours at a time. So I haven’t been feeling well—-headaches, nausea, stomach pain, and so on. Again, he knows this. I’ve told him, but he’s been avoiding me instead. Well, today I landed up in the ER. I was vomiting all day. The pain in my head and lower back became unbearable. So, I went to the ER for that (not suicidal ideation) and found out I had a kidney infection. I’m in relatively good health and don’t have health issues, so for me, this was the last straw. I wanted to end my life because of this person. But because the stress from him not understanding me and avoiding me has led me to become physically ill, I am done chasing after him. He is not the love of my life and he is not my soulmate. Whoever that person is (if they even exist) would understand my depression, anxiety, and thoughts of suicide. He wouldn’t isolate me and leave me alone, confused, and sad. So if anyone out there is feeling like they want to end their life because another person didn’t “value” you, then that shouldn’t be the reason. I’ve learned the hard way that this person isn’t worth your time and energy. Because there is a deep connection between the mind and the body, so any psychologically stress will lead to chronic health issues as well. He wasn’t worth the stress. I’m better off alone and I’m realizing that’s okay and you should too. It might take a personal experience of some sort to realize it. I prayed to God yesterday wishing I was dead and then the next day I landed up in the ER. Life acts in mysterious ways. You never know what your struggle or your heartache or your loss will lead to. You may find your life purpose in that way. ❤️