Thoughts on Current Events and MyselfI've been procrastinating on my schoolwork (no surprise there), and so I've been reading about the coronavirus. As I read, I imagined how people on this subreddit would respond. No person here is the same, but I imagined the general vibe would be some hope of escape through this new pandemic. Going quietly into the night, *finally.* No second guessing if there was suicidal intent, even if it was a painful death.

I just started reading on this subreddit a few minutes ago, when I read a post that confirmed my guess. I feel a certain pride in knowing that I am still in touch with how people here feel. I was desperately suicidal a few years ago, and while nothing is particularly easy--I have some tough decisions to make--I don't think the person I was in 2017 could stay safe while self-isolating in an apartment by myself. To know that I understand makes me feel like I have some hope of giving some relief to other suicidal people in the future.

I'm currently sitting alone in my apartment. I had a slight fever a few days ago, so I have to self-isolate for the next 11 days. I've been thinking on and off about how other people are FINALLY getting what it feels like to be at a distance from others. It's different of course, since there are more people going through this distancing and many have open time to be online. That is a poor substitute, however. But to others, stuck in there apartment alone with only their thoughts as comfort, for weeks on end, they may have the slightest taste. And even though I don't wish depression or suicidal feelings on anyone, I just want someone else to understand what it's like to be stuck within your head--though it's in the form of an apartment--away from meaningful interactions because things aren't as meaningful when you only have your thoughts to consult and comfort you. Things start shrinking quickly. Tunnel vision ensues.

Sorry it was so long. I have 10 days. While I know I have some friends lined up to videochat in the next couple days, it's not the same. But I've lived in my own head for a while now. At least I'm prepared in that way. 

May we get through this together. If someone can respond, I would be very grateful. No pressure.