Another T Appointment...And A Thank YouI know it probably isn't said much here (and in real life especially), but I will say it: Thank you, my Reddit friends, for putting up with so much of my shit. I guess I am having a lucid moment here, and the thoughts are, at the moment, pretty quiet, so I wanted to seize the moment and show some appreciation for all that you guys do for not only me, but all the other folks here who are hurting.

That being said, I actually had a T appointment today. It was...well...morbid. I got Neurofeedback done, and he tried a new thing (put the leads on a different part of my head this time) to help my mood. Well...as much as I hate to admit it, I think it helped just the teeny-tiniest bit...for now.

I still occasionally get very vivid images of how I want to take another bottle of pills and end the pain for good, and I actually told him (and this is verbatim) "I still think about it (suicide) a whole lot, and if I had the chance, I WOULD take another bottle of pills and finish the job...I don't have the urge to do that though right now..." to which he replied that talk like that WILL get me sent back to the hospital. I hung my head and said I know it. I was asked again if I WANT to go back there (Awww HEEEELLLLL NOOO!!!) but again, I wonder...these suicidal thought are persistent little fucks and they do disrupt my whole day. I go see my Psychiatrist on Friday and he may up my dosage of Remeron...or change my meds altogether. I guess the good thing is that I don't have the URGE to take a bunch of pills (and there are pills around here that I can easily OD on) or hang myself right now. I simply WANT to do it so bad, but I don't FEEL like doing it. I am procrastinating, in a way, and I guess it is to my advantage.

Well, I have rambled on long enough. Today is Mother's Day, and part of me was HOPING to get fussed over, but all I got was a few wishes from my the kids and a card from each of my girls, ages 7 and 16. That is it. I guess I don't care. I don't deserve it...what kind of mom have I been? Totally shit that is what.

I am going to go before I start having THOSE thoughts again. :(

I am living on the edge right now...the edge between living in the real world as a zombie, not feeling, not caring, not loving and the sweet release of death. I am THAT close. It will take only one argument, one mean word to send me over the edge...and that sucks. 

See y'all later. Not like I am doing anything today. I have my video to edit and then render, and I have Reddit. :(

~LG

