Hypocritical  I came to this subreddit because I don't feel... well.
I don't know what my problem is. I'm 16, I have a few solid friends, some not so solid that I still care about. I have a decent family and they have middle class money soni usually get things that I want. I have nothing to be sad about. Except one thing. I want to be loved. Not platonically, friendship or family love. I want to have real love. And I've wanted it for as long as I can remember. When I was 15, at the end of my freshman year of highschool, I met a girl in theater. She was 18 about to graduate. Over summer we got closer and we started dating. She was my first everything. That lasted 11 months, and then she left. The night she left I almost killed myself. My many attempts to get her back have only pissed her off and gotten many instagram accounts blocked. She's with her ex who doesnt care about her even though she told me she doesnt get back with exes and believes I never cared about her. I tried finding someone else and it never happened. I tried making more friends at school but nothing happened. I made a tinder account and pretended to be 18, nothing happened. Well nothing good. And nothing else I do makes me happy. I cant even tell if I still miss her or not. I love her, but do I want her back? Maybe? I don't know. Sometimes I feel like my friends dont like me either. On nights like this one I linda just lay in bed and think about what people would do if I died. Would SHE cry? Would my friends attend my funeral? Would I even get a funeral? I came to this subreddit for some reason, I dont know. I just typed suicide into the search bar and found it. And when I looked at all these people, complaining, it angers me. They're all so dramatic. I hate it. The things they say make me angry in a way I dont understand. I'm no different. So why does looking at all these hopless people sitting around in a pool of disappointment and angst infuriate me so much? Just suck it up... right? No. That's not how it works. I know it's not because I'm the same. But it still pisses me off. I don't want to live anymore, but I dont want to be like these people. I want to die, but I dont want to pretend my problems actually matter enough to kill myself. But if they aren't then why is it always on my mind? I don't know what to do and I hate it. I dont even hand a moral or a conclusion to this post. I'm just... angry.