Even though I can laugh, I don't feel anythingI know this year has been horrible for most people, and I'm no exception to that.  I've graduated high school, put the family dog down, grew disconnected from my family even more, and got but two months later quit a shitty job because the stress was too much for me. I also have been put on two different medications for a condition that, without the meds, makes me feel depressed fairly quickly and it's likely I will be on them for the rest of my life.

Last week I went to see my favorite band for the first time in concert, but by the time it ended I realized I didn't really feel much. I stayed a long time after the concert by their tour bus with my friend in the hopes of meeting the lead singer - I had a present for him, and I was hoping for him to hug me in return for the express purpose of recieving human contact that I never usually get, and hoping I would at least truly feel something from that. But I never got to meet him because it was too cold, and the band had supposedly left immediately after the show. 

For months I've been going through depressive stages - extreme sadness, irritability, physical symptoms, wanting to be alone most the time, and feeling like a complete stranger when around my extended family, who I used to be close with. 

I've told my parents I was depressed as well as suicidal, but it seems like they don't believe me. My mother told me I scared my dad when I admitted what I'd been thinking about and feeling like for the past several months. But nothing was done, and I really don't think they even know how to help me. 

I start college in January, but I'm not excited about it or nervous or anything. I feel nothing. I'm seriously considering after the holidays to go out into the cold at night and just sit somewhere so I can freeze to death. When I went into work today I forgot to put on my gloves, and my hands quickly began to get very very cold. It felt kind of nice. My work day consisted of me staring out longingly toward the doors, hoping for a cold breeze whenever a customer came in. I haven't quite felt this way before, at least I don't think I have. I've never been to therapy before, but I'm not sure if it would help me now.

