Is it okay to be selfish when I am thinking of suicide?I have messed my life up to a point where I don't see any hope of it getting any better. So I repeatedly think of ending it all rather than trying to fix it somehow. It's a constant thought ringing in my head. But I guess I don't have the courage  yet. I have been trying to read up and find out how to let go of any things that might hold me back from doing the deed. But there's one thing that bothers me the most. The way my life is right now is completely my fault. There is not a single other person to blame. In fact, I have the best parents ever and the best brother. Although I have hurt them so many times and made their life miserable, they still stick by me. I have a really good friend. I had two. One of them, I have been successful in pushing away. So, he doesn't care for me anymore I am guessing. The other one, she's really special to me. It's been 11 years we have been friends. I have tried before to stay away from her as I love her more than a friend and I didn't want to ruin our friendship and all the memories we have by expressing my feelings for her. Our friendship means everything to me. So I try to push all my other feelings for her down the throat. Now she's getting engaged. And I should be happy. But now I have to even pretend with her that I am happy. I am the worst person. I ruin everything. So I am thinking of ending it all. But I don't want to hurt any of these people, not even a tiny bit. It hurts me a lot just to think about what they might go through if I take my own life. That's my dilemma. I have already done so many miserable things in my life, so will it be okay if for the last time, I become selfish and don't think too much about the people mentioned above. Will it really hurt them a lot? Will my parents be okay? I am hoping my amazing brother will be strong and support then. He always has been. But how can I make sure they all will be okay? I have made my mind to wait until after my friend's engagement. I will make up some excuse not to attend the same. Or I will attend and then while on my way back, I will just drive down from a cliff or something. I don't know what I am thinking right now. But I wanted to ask if it is okay to be selfish one last time to end it all? Or is there a way not to hurt them and still do it. I doubt it. But you never know. Please guide me a little here if you don't mind. My brain is a mess and I can't think clearly. It's like thousands of thoughts running at the same time and I am not able to think anything. I just want to sleep and not wake up again.