I have a friend who needs urgent advice.I have a friend who recently got into a prolonged fist fight with his younger (by a couple of years) brother over something stupid. My friend told me he landed more punches than his younger brother but they were never intended to hurt and in fact didn't - he loves his younger brother more than anything in the world. Their father has always been a peculiar character who would take his frustrations over money (or lack thereof) out on them creating a psychologically and emotionally unlivable environment; in turn they would take it out on their mother, who is actually a lovely person. It was a vicious cycle until she left. Things after the separation weren't exactly good. My friend had great troubles finishing university (it took him one year longer) and he confessed to me once that it was because he was severely depressed and contemplatively suicidal for two of the meant-to-be three years.

Anyway, I'm writing this because my friend came to me. He told me the fight was brought to an end when his brother took out a knife to hold my friend off. My friend knew about the knife, that it was a gift by a friend that the brother had received months ago, and that he'd been keeping it secret. He told me he confronted his brother about the illegality of holding such a weapon in public when he first came back with it and my brother agreed to just keep it at home.

As soon as the brother took out the knife, my friend became really angry, took the knife from him and hid it while pretending to throw it away. He was going to show it to their father, to teach his brother a lesson- again, he only ever hit him without the intention of doing any real damage. But then his brother broke down crying, telling him "he got" the knife because he wanted to kill himself, he wanted to just do it.

My friend tried talking to his brother but his brother shut him out, tears in his eyes.

I'm my friend's only friend and I know that ever the only person he actually cares about in this life is his brother - I know he would do anything to protect him and ensure his safety. He barely managed to tell me all of this.

I need to know what to do to help my friend. What should I tell my friend to do? He already let his brother know that he is always there for him to talk, as a friend, that he loves him more than anything and would do anything to help but it's killing him that his own brother won't open up about it, more so because, as I've already mentioned, the thought of killing himself isn't new to him. Please help.