i just wanted to say thank you for helping me through the darkest period of my life.sorry for the long read but this i guess thank you, summary of me, and that you guys helped me create the bridge to get help and feel happy and content with myself and happy in general.

you all here at /r/SuicideWatch and (im sure some of you are on /r/depression too) have helped me through the hardest period of my life and i thank you from the deepest part of my soul, you guys made me feel not so alone and convinced me to get help, i reached out to a professor that guided me to some on campus resources, a counselor and on campus health services. i also told my parents just snippets of how i was feeling so they can have an idea of whats going on without being deathly worried. people out there care, you just have to be willing to take a leap of faith. i do not know where life will take me or if i will get swept into the undertow that is depression but i won't hesitate to get help again. i don't think it will ever leave me but im content with who i am as a person and  a little bit more whole as a person. please talk to someone or a professional. pour your heart out to a professional, it helps. im not cured overnight and im not cured now but things are better and it will get better, i can feel it. i can feel...

&amp;#x200B;

Summary of recent times for me: i failed my term but im in the process to getting it fixed thanks to retroactive accommodations through my school, it can work out and i think i got a spark in me again(which i got for the most part all As mark wise last term(not the content but depression effected it)(high functioning depression i think is what i had last term) whatever level of depression that has been effecting me the past few months convinced me to exit bag this new years, crippling me to stay in bed all day and beyond that take showers because i found those peaceful. i was still trying to function at this point with school then a family member killed themselves by train, it fucked with my head really bad, it was fight or flight senario, get help or end it. it weighed down on me and flight was a serious option even more. one of my professors noticed how dysfunctional i was during a lab period (small in lab classes) that he let me leave and said i could take it another time, that meant the world to me that he noticed and cared. the thing that sucks is my family does not understand what its like, my dad tries to say its just being misguided or just being sad sometimes. its amazing to think some people go their whole lives without depression. he cares and hes trying to understand. my mom at first tried to deny it as school stress but i told her a little bit of whats going on with school and that its not really school thats the issue and she understands without telling her a thing on my mind, shes a good person and i cant break her heart like that.

even with this happening even beyond everything that has happened in the years and years before that like horrible divorce that used me as a pawn(manipulation/lying) to try and put my dad in jail and bullying and too many other things killing me as a person i feel like there is a chance where i can get through with this and live the life i dream of living, a happy and loving one. i know how it feels to lose all hope, see no point in everything and see no world where my life matters or where i could ever be happy, where im a disappointment to everyone, an antisocial weird loner who says stupid shit but i know thats not all true because im happy and thats proof enough.