Am I suicidal, or just being real?First a little background on myself. My mother was diagnosed with clinical depression in the 90s and still needs help from an antidepressant every now and then. My maternal grandmother, while never diagnosed (not much mental health info in 1960s India), was in a terrible marriage and killed herself out of unhappiness at 34.

My family history would lead you to believe I'm suicidal off the bat, but hear me out. Personally, I've always been a bit morbid, cynical, and pessimistic in my thinking, but I am also always very happy, energetic, and easy to laugh.

My main issue is that lately, life feels rather pointless. There doesn't seem to be much of a goal after getting into college (I'm a rising junior in college) so I have nothing really to work for. People say I should be working toward a career but I'm doing that already, and it's not very fulfilling. My issue seems to be that the "goals" (wife, kids, house, job, picket fence, etc.) that other people have don't appeal to me much, nor does working for the rest of my life for any reason.

This is where the "suicidal" part comes in. Most days I don't feel sad or anything, but there's always a tugging voice in the back of mind saying "Is this all really worth it? Wouldn't it be much better to just become a bum and ride the rails until you die? Wouldn't it be much better to just kill yourself and be done with it all?". These thoughts have been in the back of my mind since I was 13 (yes, 13), and though I've never followed through, it seemed to become a better and better idea as I got older. Now, I think every day of dropping out of college and backpacking all over America, or of taking a one way ticket to Thailand. I never thought that suicide was a good idea, but really the only thing keeping me from it now is the pain and the lack of effective methods.

Like I said, I've had these thoughts since I was 13, but only recently have they begun to seem like an actual better alternative to my life, which is why I'm getting worried that I'm actually genetically/chemically depressed. Almost every day I feel very happy and confident, and yet I still have these nagging thoughts. I used to think that I was just lazy which is why I wanted to end it, but I couldn't have gotten to where I am now by being lazy.

The only things that make me truly happy anymore are the little things: Coffee and cake in the park on a sunny day, reading a good book, talking and laughing with friends, wake n bake on a sunday morning, and other trivial things.

So am I suicidal, or just temporarily unhappy with my situation, or is modern life just not for me?