My gf left me for her EX BF. He convinced her that I did something he did. All I wanted was for us to be happy and have a family. I try to be nice and she doesn't reciprocate. I am lost.My gf and I have been together for six months now. Everything was going great until her ex got back into the picture. He caused some problems for us three months into the relationship and I thought we had moved past it. My GF told me that she never wished to break up with him, she loved him a lot but he got so angry all of a sudden and she didn't want to be in a relationship like that. 

Their relationship was different than mine. They were together for over two years. I can understand she still has feelings for him. Three months in he caused drama by sending me all the nude photos she had sent him and saying things like she thinks I have a small dick, I don't please her, and that she thinks I am worthless. She confronted him and put an end to it. 

I don't know why but she started talking to him again about a month ago. Our relationship had gotten a little stale but we were going on a vacation together so I hoped it would pick back up. We went to NYC for a whole week. The entire time she was texting him. I found out from a mutual friend that she believes that he may not have sent all those texts and maybe judged him too quickly. Which makes no sense at all. 

We get back from NYC and she tells me that she is planning on visiting him for the weekend. She needs closure and to make sure he was the person doing that. I reluctantly agreed because I wanted us to stay together. She left. Radio silence the whole weekend. Came back and just obliterated me. Somehow he "proved" to her that I was the one responsible for sending those messages and those photos. That I must have gone through her phone when she was sleeping and downloaded all the pictures to frame him. 

So she broke up with me. Told me to leave her life. I have tried to talk to her and she would shoot be down multiple times. Saying she doesn't want to talk about the past and wants to move forward without me. There is nothing I can say to convince her otherwise. 

I thought we would get married. I honestly thought she cared about me. Since we broken up she has posted multiple snapchats of him at her place with her. She asked me about the location of lingerie I purchased for her. 

I sent a really nice message to her because she wouldn't talk to me on the phone or in person. Said I no longer welcome at her apartment. I sent a nice message expressing my feelings and how I feel like I am being treated unfairly. I even told her that she was in the room when he called me and said some of those things. She apparently doesn't remember. 

I Sent this message and she responded  with "If you keep making me uncomfortable with text messages then I will block you and you will never contact me again."

I am heartbroken. I don't understand what happened. I have nothing else in my life right now. I got laid of a few weeks ago. I barely get to see my son and this amazing relationship I had with this woman is completely gone. I am broken and I have given up.