I want to shoot myself in the face.I always say I will make a post here and then either I don't or I stop feeling suicidal and feel it unnecessary.

I hate everything right now. Just, hate. I hate where I live. I hate what I'm doing. I hate it so much that today at work I did absolutely nothing, and I hate that I did nothing.

I want to kill myself, but I get terrified about the prospect. I tried -- right around the time last year, actually -- but failed. However, the feeling of euphoria I got from trying was just indescribable. It kept me going for weeks and weeks afterwards. I was so happy I had tried!

If I didn't live somewhere with decent gun control laws, I'd have shot myself by now. I know this. A high level of concern about actual methodology keeps me from considering most methods. I fantasize about stepping off of the top of the parking garage. I think it's high enough to kill me, but if it's not... I wouldn't want to live in some horrible way that would cost my family a lot of money.

I don't actually have any money right now. I got a little manic and overspent the first week of April, and now my 6-month car insurance payment wiped out most of my money until I get my paycheck on Friday.

I don't have many friends, really, and I wish I had people to go out and do things with. I miss my friends in high school who would just drop by my house and say, "Hey, come do this with us!" People here don't seem to do that.

I am 27 and I have never had sex. I've never even really dated anyone. It's stupid, I want to be with someone all the time and get married and have kids someday, but I've never even dated, what are the chances at this point? Is there something horrible wrong with me? I know people seem to think I'm really strange. Sometimes there'll be someone who likes me, but it's never someone that I like. I do have some people I like and who understand me, but they don't seem to have any interest in me romantically.

I feel like a paranoid freak. I just want to have somebody, but not just anybody, somebody I love and who loves me enough to want to keep me around. I don't want to be discarded. I'm bad at friendships and stuff if people aren't nearby to me, I overthink things, I can't turn my brain off, I want to be included but it doesn't seem like most people are interested in including me.

I don't think I'm bad-looking, but fashion and hairstyling aren't things that come naturally to me, so I know I probably don't look as good as all the other girls in this city. But I'm smart, I'm usually pretty funny, can't that make up for my stupid hair that I can't figure out how to do anything with? I've gotten good at the fashion thing!

I guess that's it, reddit. I like this site a lot but I don't know about most everything else at this point. I'm tired, broke, and miserable.