I tried killing myself at 16, and now I want to do it again at 25When I was 16 I tried committing suicide, mostly because of bullying and emotional issues, but people told me not to do it. "You have your whole life ahead of you!" "It gets better! I promise!" "Life after high school is better, this will all go away". Like the idiot I was, I believed them and chose to go on living for another 9 years. 

Well, I turned 25 2 months ago, and I realized that life just got worse. I now have even less friends than I had in high school, I've never had a girlfriend, I can't find a job because my college degree is useless, and I walk through life in misery because of the hatred I have for myself. These past 9 years have gotten progressively worse, and I'm so angry at the people who stopped me, because now they are not even in my life at all, and obviously did it to make themselves feel better.

Well, I'm tired of waiting for life to get better, even when I try. I waited for this amazing life that lay ahead of me, and now that it's here, it sucks even more than when I was a teenager. Well, fuck it, I'm not this young kid with a "bright future" ahead of me, I'm a grown man with a shitty present. I've outgrown all of the fun social activities I was supposed to have over the past 9 years, all of my acquaintances are getting married, buying houses etc.. and I'm still here, with absolutely shit all. 

Unless somebody can magically give me a reason why I should bother to slog through middle and old age, where I'll just get older, uglier and unhealthier, until I die alone in some nursing home somewhere, I'm done. I've tried and tried, but this life I apparently had before me has turned out to be a huge sham.

I just want to leave, I'm just really tired. I'm tired of disappointment after disappointment, I just want to go to sleep forever. I don't really give a crap about the people that would miss me, since they don't exist and if they did, they certainly weren't around when I needed them most. 

EDIT: I should clarify, I have a job, but it's an awful one. And I've quite 3 jobs before that, and they just keep getting worse. I have tried to make my life better, I've moved to a different city, I've tried therapy, I've tried pills, I've tried going out to clubs and meeting people, but in the end, I still end up in the same awful place. I appreciate all the answers, but I still see no reason to live past my twenties. I've already wasted my youth, and I'll waste my old age too, so checking out early seems to be the best solution right now.