It's been a couple years since I was raped so why am I messed up NOW?Updated at the bottom...


Why years later am I messed up? I have started having flash backs that are more vivid than what I originally remember. As in I'm there and can remember exactly how I felt with my vision being all fucked. Double vision and passing out waking up telling him to stop, crying passing out, wash, rinse, repeat god knows how many times, I remember waking up multiple times but I also remember waking up later alone and I couldn't even stand up.

How I felt sick and a friend offered me his couch but 'asshole' picked me up and told me he would take me home. How I wanted to stay with my group of friends but couldn't get my mouth to work right.

Most of all I remember how he told everyone that I had jumped him and been all Over him.

How I lost my closest friend because he believed him. 

I've never been so hurt. Damaged goods.

I'm to the point were I've realized that no one really cares about how I'm doing. 

I don't know what my boyfriend would do if I told him that I think about different ways to off myself anytime I'm alone. Multiple prescriptions in toxic dosages but bonus points cause they interact with each other and wondering if the heavy duty anti nausea drugs would be effective at preventing my body from trying to reject whatever I introduce into it. 

And then I'm ashamed at thinking such things because I have a child.


And then I'm frustrated and feel trapped because as a parent I don't have the option of suicide. I simply do not have that luxury anymore because it's not about me.

And so for  now while I'm rational enough I'm stuck here. And I already feel dead. Or I wish I did... It alternates between feeling numb and finding myself slipping into space or soul crushing pain in my chest where I can't breath it hurts and I find myself gasping for air at a stop light.




Updated:

 thanks for the replies. I spent quite a bit of time by myself as I had locked myself in the bathroom for 6 hours last night.

 I'm not sure what exactly happened but my boyfriend tried to talk to me and kept saying he was worried and kept saying my name and I couldn't respond to him. It felt more like I was watching myself than anything else and I didn't want to come back for lack of better words. 

He's a great guy. After he was sure I hadn't poisoned myself he sat with me and just talked to me and brought me back I guess.. Took 3 hours before I was able to say anything to him but I did eventually talk to him about what's going on and I'm going to a counselor in 2 weeks.. Well the appointment is in 2 weeks in going to call and see if I can move it up.

I still feel utterly destroyed but at least I have someone who loves me helping me stay grounded