Another depressed guyHello/hi. I feel like shit and I've decided to share my story. At first I need to say I don't wanna give too much personal info in case someone I know came across this.

 I'm in my early 20s. I've been sort of a recluse for most of my life, clumsy, bullied at school etc. Most of my childhood and teens passed by as I was playing video games or killing time in some other way. A couple of years ago I decided to change it and live a "normal" life which ended up in a failure. Not so long ago I discovered that there are several things wrong with my body. After an extensive google research I've found out that I have numerous birth defects (usually associated with some syndrome - that's not the case). Most of them aren't _really_ serious; if you saw me on a street you probably wouldn't notice anything. However, one of them hampers my ability to practice sports (what may explain my clumsiness) and the other one my sexual life (that is, if there was one). Also, one of them seems very rare, since I couldn't find anything like that on the internets. And the whole combo is just mind-blowing for me. I've sought medical help, but it seems the only thing that could help explain my issue would be some form of extensive genetic testing. I know that there are people with full-blown syndromes who have it worse than me, but still it feels bad and strange... And as a consequence I feel very odd, it's difficult to explain, as if I wasn't really a human. (And no, I'm no hypochondriac). 

Apart from my physique, I'm pretty detached from people on the social plane. I must admit I'm quite bright and sensitive (artsy?) and find no interest in popular culture. I can think of one person I feel comfortable talking with but she doesn't seem to give much shit about me/I expect too much.

I don't want to die, but life is just a burden for me, I can't recall a moment when I was happy. If there isn't any sort of compulsion to do something I could lie in bed the whole day long. The only thing that keeps me alive is probably music. I'm a bit into literature but the stories are about normal healthy people (or with some well-described diseases, however strange may it sound), and I can't identify with that. Also, I'm an atheist but even if it turned out god exists I would consider him an asshole for making his children's lives so shitty.

Also I get restless easily and can't really relax (something is always bothering me). I'm seeing a psychologist who seems to know his job (and I have past experience with mental care people) but it doesn't seem to fix my life (and the world as a whole).

I would like to say that I feel better after spitting it out, unfortunately I don't. Anyways, it's nice if you didnt tl;dr this.
