I don't like being alive, but I can't kill myself.I've had a gun for about a week, and I tried everything I could to kill myself with it. I got drunk, then black-out drunk, then drunk and on pills, then sober. I got closest when I was sober. That was last night, but I still couldn't manage to pull the trigger, it literally hurt my hand to think about it.

I lied to my boss to get out of work for a week and a half because I needed "stitches." Problem is, I live with family and they think I'm being fired because I don't have a good excuse for not being scheduled and they think I was supposed to work this morning, but I'm not.

I basically tried everything to make my life that much harder so it would be easier to kill myself. I also mutilated my body with scars from cuts just so I could have another reason to do it.

Last time I was forced on suicide watch, I was mocked and lied to the entire time. The ambulance told me I was forced to pay even though I was forced to take it and forced to go to the hospital. The first hospital kept getting me to sign things saying "this is just to confirm that we told you this," now they're charging me $3000. $2000 for the ambulance and another $3000 for the second hospital I was transferred to where the people looked at me like "well, this is your fault" when I was crying and told me all kinds of things were mandatory when they weren't. They even watched me undress completely, which I was very uncomfortable with. They really wanted to tell me I had to take drugs, but I at least knew that wasn't true. I was so bewildered and confused when I was first taken taken, that I signed everything thinking I had to. If I had to go again, I wouldn't touch a pen.

After that experience, I'm worried that there won't be any professional help for me, and when I told my family I wanted to commit suicide, I got a lot of "that's selfish" or "I tried it and it's just stupid." So, I don't know where to go, and meanwhile the only friend I have who's always there for me always seems to text me about her problems when I can't get to my phone, so I seem like an asshole. She answers her phone at 4am, but I never hear or feel mine, so I don't get her texts until hours later.

Anyway, now I have a gun that I can't use, and I don't know where to turn for help that won't cost me $8000 or strip me of my rights or tell me I'm stupid and selfish or mock me.