So tired from trying to get better. I can’t do it anymore. AI’m so tired of returning to this place time and time again. I’ve struggled with depression and suicidal ideation for over 20 years. Things will get better from time to time, but I always find myself back in the same place. In this place of no motivation and apathy and exhaustion. And sadness I suppose, but that isn’t the main feeling. It’s wanting out of this hellscape where nothing matters. I don’t matter. I work so hard to be there for everyone. For my family, my job, my friends, and it all goes unnoticed. Or at the very least it’s taken for granted. I’m completely invisible. And most of that is my own fault. I’m determined to not cause a scene, to not be dramatic, to just keep pushing forward. And I’ve been in therapy long enough to know these are things I can work through with time and effort and repetition.  I just can’t do it anymore. I don’t have the energy. I don’t have the energy for anything. My therapist told me the other day that some people don’t realize depression sometimes looks like someone who goes to work everyday and puts a smile on their face and basically fakes it all day, comes home and goes to bed. This hit me so hard because that’s exactly what I do. Meanwhile, there are so many days I’m struggling so badly I desperately try and think of reasons to leave and go home because I just can’t keep it up. So much of this is my own damn fault. Despite all the years of help, I can’t seem to change. I can’t keep falling back into the same hole. And it feels harder and harder to get out. Every time I fall, it feels like one more reason to not keep trying. Why should I if I know in a few months I’ll be right back where I am now. 

And I’m so tired of doing this for so long. For trying and trying to get better. But I don’t really. I am always vacillating between being okay, or barely hanging on. I’m not sure what it feels like to really be fine. To not have these thoughts and feelings. I honestly don’t believe such a feeling exists. It’s hard to believe that when I’ve never felt that. Nothing even close. 

Of course there is the exhaustion of constantly repeating these things to people who want to help. It’s pissed me off seeing all these messages recently about reaching out to your friends to see how their doing. I haven’t heard a goddamn thing. So then- take action, right?Every person I’ve been honest with about the darkest things have vanished. It’s too much. I obviously talk to my therapist, but recently it’s felt like I’m just repeating the same shit I have for years. And why am I putting in all this effort if no one gives a shit. And I guess that’s my fault too because I make such a fucking show of showing how fine I am when I’m not. But that’s at least better than the rejection when I’m honest. And this is such a big part of my life that I feel like I cant be really close to anyone without sharing this part of myself. But then they flee, and I’m alone. Again. 

I used to cut a lot when I was a teenager. I have scars all up and down my arms from it. When my parents discovered it they took me to a doctor who simply told me not to do it anymore. 

I was hospitalized for a suicide attempt and my parents were most upset about this disrupting their plans for the World Series that year. My mom even brought it up 10 years later, that it was my fault she didn’t get to go. 

I’m not going to list out every sad story. There are plenty, but no one gives a fuck. 
 
So here we are again. I just don’t know how to keep this up. I feel in some predestined way that this is what’s going to get me, one way or another. One of these times I won’t be able to hold on. Even now, I like to roll the dice - take too much of one medication or another, have a few drinks and hope that maybe this time I won’t wake up. 
 
I know I should see my doctor and adjust my meds again. I’m on 4 different meds just go try and keep things manageable and I hate that too. I’m broken, this isn’t working. And I’m so so tired of trying. I don’t think I can anymore. I feel like the best thing to do is to just keep sinking, and eventually disappear for good.