I think I'm done.I see no point in continuing my life. It has been so long since I became disillusioned with this world; the pointless cycle of work and pain to enjoy such small things for such a small time, the uncaring populace that hurts and abuses itself, the vast majority that feel no empathy. I see all of these reflected in myself too, another idiotic follower of the human condition, driven purely by emotion and not by logic. Why anyone would want to live in such a torturous existence is beyond my understanding.

I was born too early to escape it, too. Perhaps a few hundred years in the future space travel may have advanced to a level whereby some reasonable scale of exploration is possible, and I could just leave this hellhole behind, and things may have been different. But as it stands I will be long dead under any circumstances, unable to see the one thing I have dreamed of.

Only music and video games have stood between me and this. They allowed me to hide my dissatisfaction with the world inside myself and ignore it, so I didn't have to deal with it. But they haven't worked now for a good few months. The one time I found something besides those that I thought may have been worth living for was brutally wrenched from me.

This is not a decision I have made without considerable thought. The last couple of months have shown to me just how much I hate this world. Knowing that so many other people feel the same has solidified this.

Nothing I have tried has helped. No antidepressants, no therapy, no thought mechanism has eased the pain. The one person I had trust in and who could help me ran away into the arms of another man, and now I am at wit's end. Nothing stands between me and the hell and that I always tried to avoid, so what's the point in even trying to live with it. I just want to fall asleep and never wake up, never have to feel a thing again. I want to be free from the tyranny of sadness and depression, free from the cage of anxiety and panic. I want to die.