This is driving me fucking insane.One minute, I'm fine.

Then I realize that at this very second, my wife is probably slobbering all over some guy's nasty, disease-ridden prick on the other side of my world. Or he's slapping her ass, and she's begging for more. Or they just finished and now they've cuddled each other into a stupor whispering sweet nothings into each other's ears. Am I jealous? You fucking bet.

I don't want to be separated. I don't want this to continue. I want to be with her again. I want her to be mine again. Marital separation is driving me to the brink of human sanity and mortality. I have no idea what to do with myself late at night, because I can think of nothing else but how badly I want to be laying with her in bed, falling asleep with my arms wrapped around her, like we used to. Hell, I'll be happy with even a simple promise that she'll come back, that she'll love me. Or to end the separation by saying 'I love you' to each other, and staying faithful until she's done with school where she's at or something. I just want her heart again.

The worst part is this entire charade is MY fault. I don't even know what happened. For some reason I wanted to divorce her, but I'm not sure why. I somehow got her to agree to separation, once she was living a few states over; she made no explicit promises of ever returning to me, though. I wasn't abusive. I don't... I don't think I was mean. I honestly think I had a fit of mental psychosis or depression or something, because the details of the whole ordeal are so fuzzy and distant that I can't even tell what's fact or fiction. It feels like I hit my head really hard on something and forgot a month or two of my life. Because I don't remember jack shit.

But I'm so incredibly, unfathomably terrified that I will never, ever get to see her or hold her again, whether from her own choice or from her getting in some kind of accident (killed in a wreck, raped, whatever) that it's driving me absolutely mad. My regret is so intangible and so indescribable - I have never felt so fucking stupid and so wronged by myself at all in my entire life. I fucked this up. I caused all of this.

I have never experienced anything in my life that feels as purely and completely fucking WRONG as this entire situation. It feels like an absolute perversion of reality. It doesn't even feel like it's actually fucking happening AT ALL sometimes. I catch myself coming home from work at night and looking in the kitchen to see if she's in there concocting some new culinary experiment to subject me to.

I have a hard time being optimistic because she's a mechanical, calculating, logical thinker. For her to come back, there would have to be some sort of gain for her existence, something to help her. But I feel like I don't offer her anything of value. I am an imaginary number in her equation. And I have no idea how to turn myself into something that will be of benefit to her - she thinks of things like business contracts it seems. If I want her to come back, there has to be something in it for her. Or at least that's how it seems. I'm probably just freaking out. I know she wants an assertive, dominant, masculine male who isn't afraid of social situations and who stands up for himself and is proud of who he is. I don't know how to do that.

 The pure pain that wracks my heart and my gut is enough that it makes me want to just fucking end it all. It hurts too much. I can't focus on anything at all. I'm a fumbling moron at work, I don't have any drive or energy or focus to do anything basic that needs to be done at home. I've tried tricking and fooling myself into believing that I'm okay, that it'll all be fine... but I can't do this anymore. Maybe if I end it, I'll wake up and I'll come back into reality, where none of this happened in the first place. I don't know of any other way to show her just how truly deep my regret is, and how much I love her.