TonightI'm going to kill myself tonight. There is no scenario where I am happy again. Sure, minor happiness and joy still come. But my happiness has peaked. I can't go on living knowing that.

There are, what I'm sure are, a million details I will miss. I'm not even sure why I'm sharing any of the details.

I have been happily married for 5 years. We have a beautiful, 2 year old daughter. Life wasn't perfect. But I was happy.

A little over a month ago, I confronted my wife about noticing she had been a little distant. At first she said it was nothing, but eventually stated that she was starting to have doubts. As a result of some recent life changes, she felt she was questioning every aspect of herself, including her relationship to me. I was obviously heartbroken, but I loved her. I told her I would go anything I could to help her.

And things went forward.

Everything felt okay for a while, but then the distance came back. I confronted her again and asked why. She said it was nothing. For some reason, I said something to the effect of, "I wish there was something tangible. I almost wish you were having an affair. Then the uncertainty would have a reason."

The next day she came home from work and broke down and told me she was having an affair. I won't go into details, but the affair was emotional in nature, but to all extremes. They discussed sex. They told each other that the loved each other. 

I was obliterated. I know everyone involved in an affair will say the same thing, but my wife was the last person I would expect to commit an affair, for a plethora of reasons. I was blindsided and all my insecurities were stabbed.

I'm quoted as saying, "If you ever cheat on me, I will divorce you." But, being presented with the actual situation, I decided I wanted to try to mend and forgive. We started taking those steps - marriage counseling, etc. 

For everything that has gone well, my wife's doubts are still there. I am skipping a large chunk, but it is coming to a point where my wife feels she would be better off on her own. She says she doesn't question me and the quality of a partner I am. She just thinks she has the capability of being her best self alone.

And I do want her to be happy. I love her. I want what's best for her. But where does that leave me?

I always told my wife she was my number 1. She was my world. She was the main source of my happiness. If I wasn't happy, I could go to her.

I remember talking about old age and death with her. I said that if she died before me, I'd highly consider suicide, because I couldn't live without her.

Well, in my current reality, she has shattered my reality and existence and then is going to leave. I feel like I will always be a shell of my former self and that isn't beneficial to anyone. My family, my wife, my daughter. Having a shell of a human in their lives will long hurt them. I feel like I can make a finite and immediate decision that will hurt them, but that they will overcome. That is better than me constantly being a bad influence.

And, I get it. I shouldn't weigh all my happiness on my wife. But I did and I do. I can't change that. And, I get it. There is a hypothetical scenario where I move on, grow, even fall in love again - if that is what I choose to do. But I don't want those things. I don't.

Sure, there is still a smidgen of hope that my wife decides she wants to stay with me, but I doubt it. She does too. And none of that even accounts for the actual forgiveness process that would have to happen if we tried, which also seems impossible.

I am not happy and I won't be happy. My options are live an unhappy life or kill myself. I'm going to choose the latter, for everyone's sake.