SuicidalI am 20. Student. I have struggled with severe/worsening depression for many years on and off. Lately it shows no sign of lifting and I am at rock bottom.

I was bullied badly in school which did impact me and how I deal with people considerably, which I did deserve but I have suffered no trauma or abuse aside from that to my understanding. I am relatively fortunate.

I am an animator and artist. Or was. I no longer care. It was my passion,my reason to keep going, to keep working, to be the best (to the point of regularly not sleeping for days just to work on projects) and now I couldn't care less about it. 

I have a young dog who I love dearly but I can barely muster up the energy to walk her every day. I think I should give her to my Granddad, he would take good care of her after I am dead and he could do with company after losing my grandmother to cancer in July of last year. 

I am on medication which is not working whatsoever. It just made me tired at the higher doses and did nothing for my mood. Sertraline/Zoloft, since April of last year. I asked my GP before if I could change and this was long after my dosage was increased, which did not help. That was months ago. 

Lately I have been oversleeping by a considerable amount. Before, I used to not sleep very much a lot of the time.

I am currently undergoing testing for Autism Spectrum Disorder and Avoidant Personality Disorder.

I am seeing a therapist who is very nice and does help but I struggle with putting how I am actually feeling into tangible sentences  thus I find it hard to explain or find the words that right now I am not doing good at all. A lot of the time I can't pinpoint exactly how I am feeling, just "bad, crappy, I wish I was dead". 

When someone asks for specifics or how I can't really say. Therefore a lot of our conversations are based on objective experiences and trying to figure things out rather than talking about breathing exercises or feelings that I can't explain. She is the only therapist who has helped me (I have seen counsellors through the NHS and through school.) She is a private therapist who works with my mother (My mother is a counsellor) and has a discounted rate for students. My mother pays for this a lot of the time and reminds me of this a lot. 

I am a drain on financial and emotional resources. A parasite. I think my mum thinks I am wasting her money because I am not getting better. She said that if I was trying hard enough then I would have gotten better by now, that I'm not engaging with treatment. "If you don't start engaging with treatment and taking care of yourself then you'll have to go 'do this' somewhere else, not here." (meaning I would have to leave.) "If you were my patient I would have dragged you to [Name of local Mental Health inpatient facility] months ago."

Yesterday, I told my therapist what she said and when I came home my mum pestered me to tell her what I said to my therapist during the session. I was honest with her and her mood went from okay to incredibly angry, she slammed the door loudly and hasn't spoken to me since. My dad came in a few hours later and pleaded with me to talk with her, but I refused as I am not responsible for her mood swings or anger, and I didn't want to get screamed at, which happens often. He said that she thinks I made her look bad.

For the last few weeks I have been actively suicidal. I haven't managed to fully brush my hair since September of last year. It is a tangled mass pulled into a bun. Friday was the first time I had showered in a month. I self harm, hitting/cutting/pulling out hair. I cut myself last week and I think it might be infected. I am disgusting. I do have a plan which I intend to carry through soon. I have a bag of hoarded medication which I intend to take and then jump off a bridge.  I don't really feel like I'm really here. I don't feel like I'm a person. I don't really know what's stopping me. When I leave the house I see everyone staring at me, some of them laugh. Whenever I hear laughter I know they are laughing at me.

I have an appointment with my GP tomorrow at 9:30am to discuss medication changes and assessment. I don't know what to say. I think I will be dead tomorrow.