They say to reach outThey say to reach out. They always say if you’re in desperate times reach out to a friend or family member.
It took me so long to finally try to ask for help but I shortly found out it was all for nothing. I never thought I deserved the right to ask for help, my parents didn’t beat me, I wasn’t molested as a child, no one close to me died, I wasn’t raised in a poor family home, so on and so on. I could never bring myself to call a hotline because I was so afraid that I would be preventing another caller who was actually worth something from getting help. I would go to my nearby lake and sit close to the edge and just stare at my friend’s contact for half and hour. I eventually asked one of my friends to go to lunch, something I had never done before, the last time I ever spent time with a friend outside of school was five years ago at my birthday party. She said yes and I had some relief. On the day we were supposed to meet I didn’t hear anything from her. No text. No call. Nothing. I asked what she was thinking for lunch. Nothing. I never got a text back. I went to school, saw her, sat next to her in my class. Nothing. She never mentioned anything and I never did either. I thought it would be rude of me to bring it up so I never did. I tried again with another friend, dozens of times, each response saying “sorry I’m in a different city”, “sorry I’m with other friends” etc. I call the hotline. It’s a fucking bot. “Press 1 if you’re sad” “1 has been selected, cheer up buddy”. Great I’m glad that helped. I keep trying to find reasons to not do it but I’m afraid I’m running out of energy. I don’t just want a friend I can lean on, I want someone to lean on me. I want to actually matter to someone. I don’t just want a one way relationship. My parents don’t care about me. They show me off to their friends: “oooo look at my son here with his straight As and perfect emotional state” and then straight after they forget I’m there, never hugging or showing any emotional connection. My mother sold my fucking cat on my fucking birthday because she was scared that her giant labradoodle would be uncomfortable around it even though she didn’t sell her cat. That cat was my only friend I felt connection with. It would come and sit on my lap after being soaking wet after a rainy day while I played games on my computer. I warmed him up and he gave me affection. And now I have nothing. And I just want some kind of cinematic miracle to happen. But I suppose it would be arrogant of me to expect this to be a movie.