Bye To Anyone That Even Cares To Take Their Time And Read ThisI know this seems cliché, but I honestly feel better off dead. I realize I'm not the only one who has had a shitty life, but it's about time I think about what I want. I can't even describe, or begin to tell you ladies and gentlemen the trauma and violence I've had to put up in the past and my current status is no better. Maybe not as violent? But the memories are still there and my life was ruined way before making this thread. I had a dream before making this thread. I would like to share with each individual's undivided attention. As I said before I've been through a lot of trauma. I have been through heart aches, violence, plenty lives have fell victim in my life and resulted into me watching death do it's part. I even was one of those victims or could've been after attempting my very 1st suicide and it resulted in me being pronounced dead for 5 minutes and that's being aided by medical personnel. I'm no war veteran or anything. I simply had possibly the worse luck in this game we play called life and it's like playing chess except I was the pawn, but that's just it? I was stuck being the pawn no matter how hard I tried to do the absolute necessary to change my life for the better and it failed miserably over and over and keep in mind? I was doing this all myself. I never had a shoulder to lean on or someone to be my side and say "I love you and everything will be alright". I don't have anyone to talk to and no one thinks I'm worthy enough of their time and never take me serious. Anyways sorry for going off topic, but this dream I had was a beautiful thing. At least in my eyes. That I was laying terminally ill in my bed in a dark room with a light shining down on me. Keep in mind I am not terminally ill, nor am I mocking those that are. In fact if you want my opinion? I rather take every disease someone has and pass it down to me because there are good people in this world that don't deserve to lose their lives. I know what to expect now. Someone will say " well neither do you" or "what makes you so different from the rest of us"? Well forgive me for the only thing I can feel is my own suffering and hurting and not someone else's so of course I'm going to feel like I'm the only one at this moment with nothing to lose in which I don't and with the most pain. Life will be better without me and some will not understand me? And some might and even if you do show care? It's not genuine. Anyways I am sitting here playing with a loaded firearm I recently ripped off and stole. I know some will say " we can't stop you " nor do I expect anyone to, but you can say your worse to me and it has got to the point where if I were to recover from this? I'll just use all the hurtful things said to me as left over motivation to lead me back in the position I am right now. Take care to all of you and thank you for letting me say my final peace. 