I'm so tiredMy life right now, as it's been for quite some time, has been shitty. After high school the people I thought as my closest friends left me. I'm stuck with my mom whose verbally abusive and manpulative for summer before I return to university for August. Some of the awful things she does on a daily basis that stresses me include: 

Yelling at me for needing to use the bathroom for anything besides urinating. 

Yelling at me for pulling at my hair, which makes me pull at my hair even more. 

Yelling at me to leave when she doesn't want to look at me anymore. (She had, in the past, kicked me out before. 

One time she did it during the one time we had a snow storm in Texas) 

Constantly taking my money. I'm unemployed, and I'm having a hard time finding a job so most of my money comes from art commissions or refunds from the school. This time, I recieved 200 USD from my school, and I told her I'd split it with her, but I asked that she not use my 100. She lost her bank account so she took mine over, so it naturally went into her (lets be honest its not mine anymore) account. She used it. "Oh you'll just get more money." 

Whenever I would come home from the breaks she'd always ask for money for medication or rent, bleeding me dry. this money was for food and to live off of during uni. 
When my laptop had died she had paid (I paid on it too, I've given her over 1,000 USD, now weather she chose to ise ot on payment of the laptop is a different story) on getting a new laptop. Well, she used it for a month and now won't let me have it. When I told her I needed it for school she told me to suck it up. 

If I sleep past 1:30 PM. she'll wake me up, calling me a useless fucker "just like my dad" in a really hateful tone. 
My grandmother thinks I'm an idiot and lazy so she won't help me get a job. I don't have a car so I'd need her to give me rides. SInce she won't, I don't really have a lot of options. I guess it doesn't matter since I applied for a lot of jobs but I never got any call backs. I'm always stuck in this apartment with my mother and it makes me feel so much worse. 

I don't feel much joy in activities I used to do. Watching my favorite TV shows doesn't make me happy anymore, i never really feel like reading comics and w/o a laptop I can't play games really. I have some books (mostly about history) but I just can't sit down and focus. 
My dad just actually does not care that I exist at all, and his family ignores me when I try to send them friendly emails. 

I just feel so terrible sometimes all I can think about is how happy I'd be killing myself. Sometimes I even dream about it. Lately, I've been resisting the urge to buy a razor. It like, draws my mind to the thought of killing myeslf. I can't imagine myself really living a successful life. I can't even find a minimum wage job, all the people around me think I'm lazy, stupid, or just trying to get out of working, ect. 

Whenever I try to talk to people - online friends (I would never tell anyone in RL bc I don't want them to make things worse for me) they do that "oh it'll get better soon' bit but it's been awful since middle school. Back then my mom was even worse, screaming aat me all the time to the point I was crying. After high school I had a job and had to pay all of the bills because she lost her job. I remember one time I paid a friend back, and she came to me screaming and crying to ask for the money back otherwise we'd lose electricity. It was so stressful. 

I feel so useless. Everyone else I know is doing better, geting career jobs, new cars, married, ect. 

I don't know what else to do, besides, obviously, giving in to my temptations. 

I haven't bought a razor yet but I so want to. 