Psychosis is inevitableMy psychosis is inevitable, in fact, just me being in this subreddit, typing this post already makes me pathetic. I am permanently damaged. People say things like " I used to be depressed but I got help...now I'm all better..." well that's bullshit. People are born into this Genetic Lottery, at birth we are all just given a ticket and the winners get to live until old age and die happy and the losers all are cleaned out somewhere along the road.

You can strive for that better position at work, or work your ass off to get into a good college, but why? You might get struck by fucking lightning and then there goes your work, dreams, past, present &amp; all possible futures. In an instant you as a person is gone. And you are going to try and tell me that life isn't just a fucking gamble.

You can't "get better" I thought I was "better" and I'm fucking not. I just put a giant-ass band-aid on myself that delayed my inevitable realization that this fucking world isn't fair, or in anyway warm. I's a fucking cold, heartless wasteland where humanity dies and people grow ever more cold and evil.

I can see this world getting fucking darker and darker, I can almost see the evil permeating off of people. I see shit like [this](http://i.imgur.com/7dRqBp7.jpg) that was posted today in /r/aww and I see a little glimmer of hope, a little flower surviving in this fucking desolate wasteland and before I can appreciate it for one fucking goddamn second I see shit like [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1bkc2y/brazilian_men_gangrape_an_american_girl_in_a/) that was posted in worldnews and I realize that I just want to fucking put a bullet into my fucking head, because you know what? I'm sick of this shadey can't-trust-nobody world we are forced to live in, it's a fucking rigged game and the only way to win is to not to play.

I have strived to pull myself from my depression, with all of my might, until today I realized what is post-depression, and do you know what it is? It's fucking more struggles, harder than beating back the dark lord depression, there is this monstrous power called life that demands everything and returns nothing. Why in the hell would anybody play this fucking game? And furthermore why in the hell would you want to stop somebody from not playing?

Is it because without us struggling little worms, those of you who were given a game-winning, cake-walk of a life ticket will become bored of your piece of shit world that you have built yourselves?