Ruining something so perfect.The first women I truly ever loved was, and is, like no one I have come across all these years on this Earth. We were best friends before we ever got together, we were together almost all the time. As time went on I started falling heavy for this women, there wasn't a thing I wouldn't do for her. The way she would present herself, the way she would smile even after all the things she has been through, the way she smelled, the way she would love hard, her crooked pinkies(lol), everything about her was astonishing.

When we finally got together it was truly amazing at first. I started sleeping over basically moving in. When I would try to leave and go back home she would pout, honestly we both got use to being together all the time. It started going downhill whenever she would get mad about me going to go see my parents. I was always there to hang out with them because they don't have anyone here in Texas. My mom has what two friends and my dad has none. My big brother all he did was sleep after work so they never saw him. I felt like I needed to be there sometimes to just be around you know?  I would always try to get my GF to come with me and just hangout. My parents loved her and my mom and dad tried so hard to get her too like them. My mom's primary language isn't English so it was difficult and she tried so hard. My dad tried to joke around with her so she can feel like she is part of us. My GF however didn't like either of them, she didn't like my dad because of his beliefs and how he saw the world. Man forget that you know? She never could see past that and just kept talking shit about him. My dad is a great fucking guy and he came from nothing to where he is at now. She didn't like my mom because she turned me into a mama's boy. Man so what, It's not my FAULT that I loved her very much and she did too. It started going downhill after we fought on almost everything. Every one of those fights was the result of a conversation where I made a thoughtless, selfish, emotionally impulsive and undisciplined choice. It started going downhill whenever she would make fun of one of my biggest insecurities. I would insult her back, but I never meant any of it, I just felt like she did. That just shows how immature I really was. I just felt like I was walking on eggshells every time I tried to talk to her as time progressed.  It started going downhill when I heard about her friends bashing my appearance and how ugly I was. As time went on I started to stop caring as in I stopped trying to better myself. I went into a huge depression and didn't love myself. She immediately noticed and came to me and tried to comfort me. It never worked, and I stayed like that until the end.

Looking back on it, I started turning into a narcissist. As I was in the state I would lash out on her and take my problems out on her. Whenever she would try to communicate to me about a lot of things that hurt her that I did, I would shut down and not communicate. After finding out what gaslighting was I'm 100% positive I did it. She told me how she felt she was settling. She told me how she wanted to be treated and loved this went on for months and I simply did not change, looking back on it how big of a fool I fucking was. This women loved me so much and stuck to my side even though I was such a fucking loser and disgusting person to her. I put her through so much psychological and emotional torment, a relationship shouldn't drain a person and believe me looking back I definitely drained her.  Even today, I’m guilty of thinking back on it with fights about things that didn’t matter. Little, insignificant things we'd blow out of proportion.

One fight however was the breaking point. This happened in June, so close to her birthday. She was in the living room with my roommate and his simp and they were drinking and talking. I wasn't up for it so I went to the room and wanted to go too bed after working both jobs. Our puppy needed to go outside and I was already in bed so I assumed she would take her out. She asked me if I could take her out. I groaned and said why can't you take her out and she told me she has been all day. I then say you'd rather drink then take care of our dog. Fuck. I immediately regretted saying that, because she was right it was only fair. She then came into the room and started yelling at me raising her voice. I got irritated and said dude please leave. She kept going and I say again dude leave. Again, still going and I said leave and put my hands on her stomach and pushed her away from me. She immediately yells dont fucking touch me and bam hits me on the head. I get mad and said more firmly fucking leave pushing her again, and she just started going at it. She started hitting me on the skull bruising her hands in the process after the fight the next day because she doesn't know how to punch. Coming down with hammer strikes and shit. I get up and say Im fucking leaving. I went toward the bathroom and as I was trying to get out she got in my way. I ask her to get out of my way and she said no. I grab her arms very hard to move her out of my way but she was presentient and just kept getting in my way. I just needed to leave. The morale of the story I shouldn't have put my hands on the women I loved. I shouldn't have been selfish and just taken the dog out and not make a snarky comment like that. It wasn't the same after that fight. 

She finally had enough of the abuse and manipulation I put her through after begging me for months to change and me saying I would but wouldn't (i just don't know why I didn't wanna try) and called it quits. After the breakup I moved back to my parents and started sharing the dog we got together at the time every week. We still stayed in touch and would hang out still, go out to eat and what not. She and I both wanted each other to be part of each others lives still (i definitely didn't deserve to have her in my life). I start taking charge and started to better myself after we broke up. She would tell me where was this energy whenever we were together and again I stayed silent. Honestly I was doing it to win her back and to better myself all together.(she doesn't know that)

As time progressed it just became more and more distant and one week it was her turn to have the dog back. I was woken up by my parents and they told me I got to take the dog back because there is people here fixing the house. I immediately got up and got my things together and started going to her place. I left my phone at home so I couldn't tell her I was on the way but I told her beforehand I would be there in the morning prior. I still had keys to the apartment so my dumbass thought haha I should surprise her with the dog. That was a big mistake, I should've respected her boundaries and knocked on the front door. I opened the front door, and proceeded to her room. My dog and I made so much noise prior to coming in so I was sure she heard us. I opened the bedroom door and a non-existent hammer fucking hits me on the chest. I see her and her ex who she would talk badly about (but kept the pictures of them up together while we were together, but immediately deletes anything of me when we broke up) finishing or starting something that wasn't my business. I knew we weren't together anymore but doing things on stuff we got together it just hurt you know? I immediately left and the immaturity kicked in and I blocked her on everything.

I didn't talk to her for about a week afterwards, I hurt myself during for unblocking her and seeing what she said about me and her likes. I then proceed to delete all my social media and when it was my turn for the dog back I reached out to her.  She came to drop off the dog and I told her how I wanted to talk to her. She agreed and we talked, I proceeded to tell her how sorry I was about stepping over her boundaries and walking in on them. I then give her the spare keys to her place off my keychain. I tell her how this is my last week with our dog and how I was going to let her keep her because I knew how much she loved the dog. I start to get overwhelmed with emotions then start telling her how sorry I am about everything I've done to her and she just stops me. She tells me she doesn't want to hear it and how she doesn't validate my feelings. Oof another hammer hit. I deserve that because I didn't do it when we were together.

During my week with the dog all that was going through my mind was her. How I should've improved myself earlier, how much I loved her, how much she tried to work things out, how I would do anything for her. So I reached out again during the week and told her how much I missed her and how much I loved her. I told her to not hesitate to reach out to me if anything happens or if she ever needs my help. She then proceeds to say "Lmaooo so toxic, you decide to be kind whenever you realized I moved on." "I appreciate you saying that but I know your words are hallow" and a bunch of other things how she needed to stop accepting so low for herself and how she was genuinely over me. I tell her I'll just stay out of your life. I brought this upon myself, I shouldn't have done what I did but I did. As my week ended with the dog I take her back to her place and didn't forget my phone this time and told her I was walking up to the door. We exchange the dog and as I was walking out she hugs me but it was one of those side hugs. Honestly I didn't deserve even that.

I still miss and love her very much but to respect her and her boundaries I should just stay out of her life. I hope she thrives in everything she sets her mind towards. I hope she lives a very happy life and finds a man that gives her everything.