Just skip this. Only posting because I spent like an hour writing it. It's long but not crazy. Just ranting.Incapable of death. My mum took everything away from me. I understand why. If I was in her position I'd do it too. I tried to strangle myself. Obviously didn't work out. It left a mark for a few hours and she saw. Idk if she noticed or school told her after I'd had a break down there. It doesn't normally leave a mark but then again, I didn't expect to be alive by the end of trying to die. She asked me what I used and I told her. She asked me what I expected would happen. And I said I didn't know because I didn't want to explain. What the fuck does she think? I didn't do it for fun. I did it because I wanted to end my life. She keeps on saying what's the point in me hurting myself because I'll just end up with scarr's which will make me uncomfortable in myself when I'm older. I don't plan on getting older. Is it just me that can't seem to control it sometimes. That you just act without thinking about the consequences. Its in the moment. And it's to make yourself feel better in the moment because your in that much fucking pain. She thinks she knows how I feel. She said she had depression as a kid but she had nobody to go to. I asked how she got better and she told me in time but sometimes she still feels depressed. She keeps on saying stuff to suggest she's still depressed like "I just don't have the energy". Maybe she doesn't, maybe she does have depression but she doesn't get my exact experience. It's funny how she suddenly feels this way since I've been diagnosed with it. Idk weird coincidence or my fault. Nobody ever fully will understand. I don't understand. Because she experienced this, she thinks she knows everything about what's going on in my head right now. She thinks I can just stop hurting myself. That she should be able to just trust me. Sometimes I'm screaming for help but my mouth won't work and neither will my actions. So I'm stuck. Or I find something to hurt myself with and my mum expects me to give it to her. She doesn't get that I'm rarely ever in a not suicidal state. So the fuck am I going to give whatever I've found to her if I want to die. I hate being around her. She could be so much worse. But I hate it. She thinks she can keep me safe but all she's doing is pushing me away. I thought this would bring us closer. Because sometimes we have a chat and it's good. Every once in a blue moon. But lately it's just been torture. She's angry if I talk and angry if I don't. Everything I do seems to be wrong. And not to be big headed but I'm a good kid. I never answer back, got good grades, kind to everyone. She thinks it was because of loosing friendships that I got severely depressed but I think it's partly because of her. A big part. I'm going to end up running away. 2 weeks left of school until summer. I plan on running away either from school or in the middle of the night. Leaving. Hopefully never coming back. Finding a way to die because strangling myself and cutting my wrists don't seem to work. There's a pier near where I live. Maybe I'll jump from there. Or a train line. Maybe that'd be the way. And those are so unreliable and hard to get to from where I am but its going to get to that point. I never thought it'd get to the point where I'm trying to hang myself with a scarf but it did. All I want is to fucking die. To end this torture. Get away from my mum. Never live another day. Not good ones. Not bad ones. Forever. I'm tired. Physically, mentally. I don't want to anymore. Nor do I believe I can. Its been a bad couple of days and it feels like nobody understands how bad its been. Tried to end my life the last 2 days. Obviously failed. And these are genuine attempts. Where I've said my thankyous, written my note, gotten upset as I tried to do it. I probably won't try again for a little while. Our of fear of my mum finding out. Tbh I hope she looses confidence in keeping me safe. It's the only way I'll actually become safer. I don't want to be home. I don't want to be anywhere. I just want to die.