I've lost 4 family members to suicide, and I fear I or my mother are nextI will try to keep this brief because i know most people have better things to do than read what a person from the other side of the world has to say about himself.

Bipolar disorder runs from my mother's side. I am 19 years old and recently found out i have bipolar disorder as well. Lets visit my family members that have committed suicide so that you understand where i am coming from:

"A" committed suicide in 2001. A had made a deal with herself in new year's eve 2000 that if things don't get better by new year's eve 2001 she would kill herself. And things didn't get better. I was too young at the time to understand, so i learned about that just a few years ago. A's case is pretty interesting because of the timescale. I've never heard of anyone sticking to a suicide plan for so long.

"B" Committed suicide in 2011, on his birthday. He took a gun and shot himself in the head. This was my worst experience with suicide because I was the one that found the body. He had a very bad life, and 2 days before he was told he might have cancer.

"C" and "D" go together, because they were son and father (my cousin and uncle). "C" committed suicide in Mid-October 2015, followed quickly by his father, "D", in Late-October.

All of these people suffered from bipolar disorder. But they are not the only ones in my family that do. I still have an uncle and my mother (and myself) that have bipolar disorder. But the horrible streak of events has taken it's toll, and both me and my mother are going through severe depression. I am worried that either I or my mother won't take the pressure much longer. And if one of us goes, it is very probable the other one will too.

As for how i think this time around, i keep constantly thinking about suicide every day, even when i am with friends or at university. My mother has told me that she is fine, but i am certain she is feeling the same way.

So my question, or rather my yell for help is this: What can i possibly do to keep my head from drifting towards suicide? Can i help myself or my mother somehow? Please tell me anything that might help.

I really hope this turned out short and readable. I am suspiciously calm right now, but i am usually not that way. Thanks in advance for anything you have to say.