I'm wondering if things are going to get better.So, I'm just gonna start off with my past leading up to why I'm here now.

I am extremely awkward, I can't handle social interactions to well, and I get too comfortable around people way too soon.

Ever since I can remember I've had this strong feeling of love for everyone especially crushes, When I fight people I always end up crying afterward of the thought of me hurting them.

 When it comes to crushes I just have this extreme feeling of "I want to spend the rest of my life taking care of you and loving you", my friend says that this is weird to have such strong feelings for people that I basically only find attractive.

I can't help this, I just love too easily and too much, around the 8th grade after many failed attempts, I finally got a girlfriend, I loved her more than anything after just 3 days, I was really shy at first but I got the hang of it and eventually we hung out every day at school as much as we could.

She broke up with me because I was, "too clingy and it was annoying", I felt angry and sad, angry because I truly loved her but love was the thing to drive her away from me, I was angry at myself, I was sad because I couldn't understand why this happened.

A year passes and I'm in high school, back in 8th grade everyone bullied me for being awkward and weird, I thought it would be worse here but it wasn't, people actually accepted me for awhile.

Some girl later on in freshman year told me she liked me, it was at this moment that I realised how all those other girls felt when I asked them out and why they hated me so much afterwards, it's because there's nothing more disgusting than someone you don't like telling you that they love you.

I told her off and felt bad afterward. I eventually went back to my old ways, asking out anyone who would take me out of desperation, because that feeling of human warmth, that feeling of being loved that I felt in my first relationship was something that I would give anything for to feel just one more time.

No one took me, eventually, I realized that even though I kept getting rejected my heart never hardened nor turned to contempt for any of them, I was so desperate that no matter how harsh they treated me I kept trying just to be loved.

Right now I'm still alone, no friends, no one who cares, my mom calls me an idiot for forgetting trivial things, she's not well and her mind isn't right, she gets angry too easily over almost nothing, the only person that I feel like really cares is my dad and he lives in another state.

I'm considering putting a bullet in my head to end all of this, I don't want to live my life alone, but if I die alone right here and right now maybe I can spare myself of the heartache I feel from the lack of human emotion I will go through for the rest of my years.

I believe that emotions (especially love) are to make people mate, mating equals more humans, more humans equal more chance of the human species surviving, as is natures way of things. but I don't want to feel love for others anymore, all it's done is hurt me.