Just need to tell someone.I told myself it would never get this bad. I always struggled with depression, but I told myself I would never **ever** consider suicide. I'm young. 14. I know you'll just tell me it's me being a teenager. That's what we do, right? Whine and seek attention. I used to talk to a therapist. I know I should again. I just don't want to worry my mother. She's going through enough already. I take anti depressants. Needless to say, they're not working as well as they should. I can't tell you when it started. I don't even know.
I've always struggled with going to school. I just can't do it. I know I disappoint my parents. I'm not the greatest child out there. My sister used to be my best friend. She started using painkillers after her second child was born. Something about the way she gave birth to him hurt her back. I was there with her even as it got worse. After three years and a back surgery, she finally went into rehab. It worked! She was better. Until she met him. She left her boyfriend of ten years, her children, and me behind to be with him. I shouldn't blame him for her relapse, bur I can't help but think it's his fault. I miss her. I just want my sister back.
There's also Tyler. Fuck. I love him so much. I don't even know him. I met him through a game. My family doesn't know that. They think he's a friend that moved away. He has a girlfriend, and I have a boyfriend. I shouldn't. It's so wrong for me to be dating him. I know that. I promised I wouldn't leave him again, though. What a stupid promise. 
My dad abandoned us at our lowest. We were getting evicted from our house. We had to live in a motel for two weeks. He's addicted to pills, too. He helps feed my sister and her boyfriend pills. I'm breaking. I can't handle this. Everyone comes to me with their problems. They shy they're terr for me, but if I try to talk to them about anything it goes back to them. Except for Tyler. I can talk to him about anything I want. But I don't. He's just so perfect. Why does he have to love her? He used to want to be with me. But we knew neither of us could have a long distance relationship. He knows how I feel. I'm going crazy. I don't know what to do anymore. Please. I'm afraid I'll hurt myself. Help me.                                              





