Fuck It Ill Share My StoryI think this is the first time I have mentioned the real reason I have been depressed and suicidal for the last 5 months. All the therapists and psychiatrists don't know the real reason that caused it all not even my own parents. I was dating this girl who I felt was perfect and she agreed but we both had our own mental problems me Bipolar and her Schizophrenia. We tried our best to work with each other but in the end, with mostly her decision we decided it would be best to end it so we could heal ourselves for a while. My first pyschiatrist visit was 4 days after we broke up, I got put on the usual Bipolar Lithium and Lamotrigine and so on. I felt the medicine wasn't doing much so I got off of it myself. I was also prescribed Klonopin (Like Xanax) for my anxiety from the breakup and starting school and so on. I became addicted to the Klonopin and began to sit in my room all day. I now take about 3-4 pills a day of Klonopin and currently am on it. Everyday I think about what I had with her and how I want it back and never will get her back, because she found another man after promising that she would wait for me. It's been a while anyways and even though I want her back I have accepted it wont happen and have begun to move in the right direction. But recently things got worse. My dad became a heavy drinker after he totalled my car, which I didn't even get mad at him for as life happens. I know he was just regretful and sad that he did that to me. I don't really know what I am rambling about anymore. My life just sucks man. Everyone in my family is mad or depressed every night and I lost most of the things that meant something to me like my car, and a few of my friends left after they learned about this all. I am alone everynight just playing games like Arma to keep my busy until I fall asleep from the medicine. I have had 3 attempts on my life in the past 4 days. While I was replying and pretending to help others on this same subreddit I was actually preparing my own noose in my closet and having the pills on my desk just in case I wanted to overdose instead. Everything is falling apart, while I want to say things are getting better they are slowly crumbling around me and I am putting on a facade for others and my teachers and so on to make it look like I am fine. I guess I am just a good hider of my emotions. I don't know where to go anymore. I am sorry for posting such a long message, this is just the first time I have told the truth and I don't even mind doing it on my real account. I want it to finally be free so that I can rebuild from here. Am I still suicidal and depressed of course but am I trying to rebuild yes I am. I will try my hardest to not be the next suicide thread on here. I just needed to rant thanks for reading. If you wanna ask me any questions go ahead. I'm not planning on doing anything tonight btw. So if you want let's talk? Lighten up the mood