A summary of my mind and where it will go...I don’t post things like this online, but I need to let the world know what I’m feeling
I feel so worthless. I lied about going to classes, I lied about my well being and I lied about my drug use. 
I ruined myself, drug and alcohol is all is my only way of coping. Someone that I’ve almost felt love for only looks at me in contempt. I can never be with her... I’m a fucking mess, my friends don’t want me around. My mental state is a topic they talk about behind my back I know it is. I’m getting evicted because I’ve had violent episodes. I use drugs because they made me feel happy. Even only for a few hours. It was better to drift away in an ecstasy of happiness for a night than let these voices take ahold. I’ve tried commuting suicide already. Drug overdose seemed like the best option, to fade into a haze then into nothing appealed to me. I took a mix of opioids and ecstasy thinking I could feel happiness once more before it all goes dark. My choices brought me there but death didn’t choose me. Unfortunately I survived, after convulsing for 2 hours someone found me and made me throw up. They should’ve left me. I wasn’t the same in a mental and physical sense. I felt so pathetic I can’t even tell my family what I’m going through. It’s not like they don’t care for me but I can’t overcome the shame it would entail if I asked them for help. It’s sad because they think I’m going to college and that I have a bright future ahead of me. That couldn’t be further from the truth. I often think of other ways to kill myself; run into oncoming traffic, shoot myself, suffocation. But I wanted to go peacefully. Rn sitting on this ledge looking at the ground. It doesn’t look too bad I guess? I’m sure the impact would be enough... maybe not? I don’t know how to ask for help so I just went here to vent, because my whole life I’ve been told to “Man up and deal with it”. Well look where that ended up. I’m a drug addicted suicidal kid who can’t seem to find a meaningful connection with anyone. Good bye. Thank you for listening...