I need helpBefore you get to thinking I’m just some crazy person over the internet im still in highschool I’ve tried finding all the outlets I could from playing sports, learning guitar, focusing on academics, and even getting extra care from therapists counselors along with antidepressants but I feel like I can’t do it anymore. All the memories are too much and people are too bad for me to see the good in the world. I have vivid memories of being that little kid around the ages of 3 who was getting verbally abused by his parents and being outcasted by everyone around his age for being different. I never really had friends. I just remember always being by myself and it got so bad that sometimes I would just run outside and find some corner or crevice to hide in because I was so scared of the world and the kids were so fucking mean to me. Public school wasn’t any better. I only had one friend the entire time who later would just fade off like the others and everyone would just use me for personal gain while I would get nothing in return. From bullying me for my lunch/lunch money to pushing me in the restrooms to having me do their work for them I was just a little bitch and those memories are so traumatic and hurt to think about to this day. plus my life at home was full of seclusion trying to find a way out of all the fighting amongst the members of my family that at times did involve the choking and hitting of my siblings and even sometime me simply for just being annoying or talking when I shouldn’t of. I found my escape in technology and sports and really didn’t develop any relationships with any of my family. My brothers and sisters never even talk to me and my parents just ignore me once I get home now a days. I used to wait everyday when I was 7-11 just for one of my parents to come in and have a meaningful conversation with me but they would never talk to me. They would just make fun of the videos I would watch on YouTube and the games I would play, with my dad calling me a faggot and a loser throughout most of that stage of my life. He would tell me that sometimes he wishes that I was never born so that maybe our family could’ve been better. Around 8 I would pace around the halls late at night with tears in my eyes trying to build up the courage to go to the kitchen get one of the knifes and slit my wrists but I was too much of a pussy. I don’t know whether I regret not doing it to this day. I still have to live with the painful memories and I feel like no one can understand the life that I lead and all the pain I carry with me. Now that I’m in highschool I’ve built I large number of friends, I play varsity sports, I’m excelling academically but I feel like my mental health is slipping. My family is coming together but the memories are almost everyday. the simplest thing triggers everything to come back like a wave. I just feel so alone and I really just want any help I can get. a lot of stuff I don’t tell my closest friends about because I’m afraid of them getting sick of me. If anyone could reach out and just let me know I’m not alone that would be greatly appreciated.