I'm losing the motivation to even try to make life work anymoreI graduated college two years ago and have been unemployed until recently. I was extremely excited to finally be back to work so I would be able to take care of myself and save money until my first day at the job I was getting chewed out for not working fast enough. I work at a major retail company prepping orders to be shipped so I understand the working with a sense of urgency is a must. I wasn't even finished training yet. The very next shift I got chewed out again despite still taking time to figure stuff out. Since then they've cut my hours down to 12 a week. I don't know how I'm supposed to pay any bills on that. I applied for another job and got it. They said they would let me know when I could start. It's been quite a while since I've heard from them despite multiple attempts to get into contact with them. This job isn't anything special. It is a minimum wage job that I can work until I can find a more stable career type job. They still haven't contacted me about it.

My car has a running list of things that need fixed asap, but I have no money to do so. While I didn't graduate school with student loan debt, I have a credit card that is maxed out from covering the last semester of school. Looking back now I shouldn't have even finished that semester because my degree hasn't helped me get a job at all. In fact it has made it harder to even get minimum wage jobs. I've tried all the advice (it's about how you sell yourself, market the skills your degree taught you, blah blah blah) and it doesn't help. I worked my way through college in various offices on campus and did a lot of extra things and apparently none of that work experience qualifies because it wasn't full time work. I was supposed to go to graduate school. I've actually gotten into a couple of them with a vague promise that I would have some type of funding. All the schools rescinded their offers for any type of funding so I didn't get to go despite wanting to achieve my dreams. I'm told if they really are my dreams taking out $60k in loans shouldn't matter, but that just seems irresponsible to me since I'm already having a hard time finding a job without student loans. Anytime I try to figure out what I'm supposed to do with my life it seems like everything falls through.

Not only all of this, but my boyfriend and I have been having major problems. We had broken up and decided to try to work on things, but it feels like I'm the only one putting any effort in to fix our issues. He just sweeps everything under the rug and acts like everything is fine when it isn't. If I try to talk to him about anything going on he gets mad that I keep bringing up stuff from the past. Like, no duh we have problems we need to work on.  I've noticed that is how it is with all of my relationships. My friends and family are the same way. I'm always the one going out of my way to contact others to ask them how they're doing. It's always me going to see them. It's always me that is expected to put in so much more effort than them and I don't get why.

In general I feel like I have to put in so much work to try to make things work out and they never do. I know I should mind my business, but it's hard to when I have friends from college who have amazing careers and are buying new houses. Things just work out for them so much easier and I don't get why I don't have the same luck. My friend who graduated college with me only applied to one job which she got. I'm super happy for her, but I don't understand why I struggle so much.

What's the point anymore? I spin my wheels to stay exactly where I'm at. I don't want to bother anymore. What's the point of life if every time I get somewhere close to happy life goes to shit again? I don't understand the point. Life has no meaning. It's just a bunch of BS and then we die. Can it just please be over already?

ETA:

Also I've been having major digestive issues, but no health insurance so I can't afford to figure out what's going on or to fix it either. 