I need a second opinionAlright, so, I need a genuine, non-biased second opinion. 

I have nothing to look forward to at all. I've lived my whole life feeling like I was worthless and left in the backburner because everybody treated me that way. It wasnt until my first girlfriend chose me over everybody else that I found a reason to live. Then, about two months ago, my grandfather had a huge heart attack and was hospitalized for about a week and a half. During that time, I guess she got comfortable with another friend she had made because she left me for him the day after I pulled the plug on my grandfather.

Since then, my university has rejected my financial aid, I was fired from my job, and my extendes family have stolen everything of my grandfathers' from me, including his ashes. All of my friends are busy with their own lives. I have nothing left.

So, as far as I can see, I have two options. I know I have more, but there are only two that are appealing. 

1) I strive to get my fucking girl back. Even after she fucked me over, I still love her more than anything and she is the only part of all this shit that I can still change. It will take some time, I'm sure, but in the meantime I'll go to therapy, work out, and improve myself to better my chances. 

Pros: I will improve as a person, there is a chance of getting my love back

Cons: I may fail and might relapse hard, I may see things and learn things I really dont want to and relapse

2) I kill myself tomorrow. Everything has gone to shit and I see no reason to keep going, like, fr fr. I have a gun and ammo, and I did plenty of research on where to shoot to pull it off. I dont really WANT to die, but I have no desire to continue living this life either.

Pros: No more stress! No more trouble! My friends can spend time with my ex (we were all friends in the first place) with no guilt! I'm all done!

Cons: I'll be dead, so no more family and shit :/

I cant decide between the two. I'd like honest opinions, none of that "live because...life" bullshit. I've heard plenty of it at this point. In all honesty, is it worth the risk?