my dark thoughts I think about suicide... I live on the first floor so the balcony won't work so I would have to leave when my dad is at work, my mom is in a meeting in her room or is taking a bath.  
I can't go to the rooftop balcony since it's locked so I would have to jump from the highest place adjacent to the stairs. I don't know how to explain it but that place in between every floor, but I can clearly remember the view from there. it's too beautiful to be used for something so ugly.... right.   
I know that I would go there and see the beautiful view and stop .. I know I would go back and give an excuse as to why I left. I can tell her I was taking a picture and locked the door.  
Suicide survivors have said how they immediately regret it jumping/taking their pill.  
I would too.  right? ...  
but how damn Easy it would-be  
mom and dad would be soo mad that I killed myself. how will they live in a society now, there would be so many rumors...  
I would only be remembered as someone that ruined there life by talking my own  
how inconvenient my funeral would be ...  
would my sister attend it? would mom and dad force my sister to attend? how pathetic it would all be right...  
would I come in the news ??  
how quickly will people move on

they can say COVID since  its an easy explanation for relatives  
I wonder how my tuition teachers would react..they don't remember me  
maybe I would be that girl who died ... maybe they would think I simply stopped coming to tuition since I was so obviously not cut out for it...  
all other tuition teachers would be sad right they wouldn't care tho.  
I hope I die on impact if I don't, then I hope I still don't survive  
would dogs find my body first .... since no one is leaving there house  
I suspect that I have maladaptive daydream or some other dreaming disorder/ syndrome.  


would I do it in night /day  
doing it is at night would solve the problem of the beautiful view.. it's a curfew so no streetlights.  
dogs would definitely find my body first in that case. it would be sad but it's not like I would have amounted to anything ever....  


just like that one more light goes out.. In a sky of 7 billion stars of quicker... who would care would you ???  
would mom???  
would dad????  
would my grandfather???  
would my maid???  
would friends??  
would guys who say they like me????  
would guys who i suspect have a crush on me ???  
would My School friends ???  
would My childhood school friend??  
would my tuition friends??  
would my tuition teachers ??  
would my school teachers??  
would My School friends??  
would My dentist/fav YouTube/ fav music group etc ....  
 

I hope I later have the energy to share a little backstory. I am not looking for sympathy but I kinda wrote in a dairy and wanted o share it since i couldn't show it to any family members I am sharing it here sorry for the paragraph hope u have a nice day/night