i want to drop out of collegetw // sexual assault

i honestly shouldve ditched my scholarship (they don't allow leave of absences and gap years, otherwise you have to pay them up + you're stuck working in the country until you finish the minimum number of years you need to work here) and took a gap year because the pandemic is so stupid. since the government department that provided my scholarship was like "lol no u cant take a gap year despite the pandemic or we will get rid of your scholarship" and my parents wanted me to take the scholarship since their jobs are unstable right now, here i am in college. and it is absolute hell. 

ive failed a couple of tests because i couldnt submit them on time. i have 10 late papers that are late by a month at least. im not new to submitting late but i feel even worse now because a lot of people i know are able to submit on time and manage their time well. i just had to have some stupid disorder that makes me lose my attention easily + lose track of time. i also had to deal with processing my trauma with this "friend" who took advantage of me and several of my friends -- sometimes i just cry or get irrationally angry because he suddenly comes up to my mind. it's so unfair he gets to thrive in his new college and even gets to perform abroad while i stay in this shitty college that people made me think was good. 

im wondering if i should shift to another college that's more expensive but not as "good" as the one im in now. hell, people are only here to pad up their resumes because it's a "good" university but it doesn't really care about it's students. i dont know if my parents would accept me shifting to another college because they think the college i'm in is the "best" and they don't have to pay for anything. but i know that im probably gonna suffer regardless of the college im in because of my stupid adhd. 

im regressing this pandemic. i used to be clean for a year (from self-harm and suicide) but i recently attempted but stopped in the middle of my attempt because,,, i don't know. i really just want to end my life right now with a 100% success rate but i also dont want to because,,,, i also dont know. 

yes im on meds but the stress of college is too much. i just wanna die. please. if there really is a god, can he take my life right now?