I don't know what to do with myself anymoreSo, in the past few months my mental state has been getting progressively worse. I hate every interaction with people and with myself in my own head and I hate it and I don't want to be around it all anymore. My home life has gotten worse and there's some kind of major argument every other day, with suicide threats and threats to run away and crying and it's really stressful. Most of my former friends have left me because I've been too depressing and negative and my grades are dropping a lot and I can't bring myself to care enough to bring them back up again. My self esteem has gotten worse, and I've been reverting back to my self-destructive tendencies that I had a few years ago (like not eating, bruising myself, pulling out my hair, etc). And there's no way I can get help. I don't have enough money for therapy, and I have a grand total of one friend who has enough problems of his own and he's a good person but he would only be sad if I told him about my issues because he'd realize he couldn't help. Part of me doesn't even want to get better, because it's just so much easier to not care and destroy myself. It would probably be better that way, too. I'm a burden on whoever is around me, once they decide to try to get to know me, and I'm realistically probably not going to accomplish any of the things I want to in life. I don't want to be a part of this whole thing anymore. And not in a "I don't want to exist" way, but I just want to exist as a silent observer of it all. I like the world, and I think it's an interesting and amazing place for the most part. I just don't like me or my particular life, and I don't want it anymore. I really don't know what to do or how to help myself.  I want to be able to help myself so I can not be a burden on others and help them instead because I'm not the only one with problems, but I can't do that because I'm this and not someone else.

Sorry for rambling, but I really, genuinely, don't know what to do.