can't find words for this. just a human at the end. Took me 2 hours to write...Wrote the first ~100 words and then accidentally clicked it away. This showed me again what an idiot I am. But I need to get this off my chest before I do anything further. Now here we go again, what brings me close to suicide:
Around 2 months ago my girlfriend I was together with for like half a year broke up with me. But it wasn't the "cool way". I caught her cheating, and then she broke up with me. I told her if she is sorry and wont do it again we can still be together and that I really love her and would forgive her. That time I was so attached to her, I dont understand it anymore today but thats how things used to be. She just refused and left. Out of nothing... I suffer from PTSD and paranoia, she was there for me in my baddest times. I was dumb for even staying with her. She was never serious, a total fraud. I dont know why she even stayed with me one second... It took me some time and I'm not done processing it yet, but it gets better. Back then I also had an reddit account and gained a lot of support and help which I'm very thankful for. Smoking weed also helps me a lot. It helps me calm down, I'm full with high tense energy all the time and its hard for me to get clear thoughts and I'm very shaky. I usually get the weed from a "friend" who was out of town for 3 weeks. The PTSD got worse, and I know weed would be my savior. Without searching for it I found a profile on twitter, yes twitter, from a guy I've known for a long time, not actually in real life but have seen his profile couple of times. It was his personal page where he has real life stuff etc and makes let's plays. And he had a post where he said he is selling weed, you just needed to dm him. The dumb addict I am I would give it a try. I would never buy it that way usually, but I was in a dark hole and didnt had anything on me and my dealer wasnt available ,so I thought okay this guy seems cool whatever cant be that bad and I mean its just weed not heroin or meth. A virtual friend showed me his profile some time ago so he must be cool. I wrote him a dm. He answered pretty fast and I bought weed worth 50$ from him. I let him convince me to pay with a amazon gift card. I'm an idiot I know. But my post traumatic stress was so bad I just said fuck it, he has a lot of real life stuff on his page why would he scam someone over 50$? So I paid, send him the code and gave him my adress. All of that with my REAL LIFE twitter account I wasnt even active anymore at that time but still had a lot of old posts. Couple days later a friend of mine offered me to go watch a movie, I refused and stayed home just to receive my package. It never came and I wasted much time waiting for it... After I didnt receive it after 1 week I asked him a couple of times what happened still fully in trust and believing he was legit. After asking and asking over and over he finally blocked me and I realized I got scammed. I did some research on him and found out he was scamming people on the regular. Sometimes even doxing them, threatening them and stuff like that, when they wanted to go to the police. dont know if you can even call this a person, he is a monster in my opinion.  he also is into cyber bullying. His followers/friends are terrorizing people online. it seems like they do it just for fun Or because their lifes are bad they thing they need to make others bad as well.... I was shocked I couldnt believe what I got myself into. This person has my adress, knows how I look, knows a lot probably since I contacted him with my main twitter. I dont want to and cant go to the police because then I will get fucked for "buying" weed. I could seriously lose my job here. I wish so bad I could go back in time... I dont know what that guy is going to do with my infos, but I know I'm in real trouble. I know there is no reason but if he wanted to he could fuck my life up. Just because I was stupid, didnt pay enough attention for one single moment. I felt so bad  I needed the weed, but all for what? I fucking have paranoia but still trusted him. I feel worthless. I just didnt wanted any problems. I was always nice to everybody. Helped others. Went to the shop buying 50$ worth of amazon without even questioning it. I dont wanted to get PTSD, I didnt ask for it. I didnt want to get a whore as a girlfriend who leaves me back in the dirt. Tbh atm I dont even want to life anymore. As if thats not enough I'm also now wasting peoples time on reddit with this long ass Text.When I think of this bastard having a good time with the money I had to work hard for I'm so full of hate. if they or he would read this he'd probably laugh at me for being a pussy and crying on reddit for help. Wants to see me suffer or whatsoever... My reaction seems a bit harsh, I know, but it's really boiling over right now. I'm not a bad person I always tried to get everything right to be a good person and what do I get? Finger up my butthole, every single fucking time. I finna need to stand up for myself, do something bout it.. I can't life in peace anyway. Other people dont want me to. The state making weed illegal dont want me to. My ex gf dont want me to. My boss who is paying me minimum wage dont want me to. Why scum like that even has to exist? My ankles are bleeding, because I punched the fucking wall. Is this what they want? That I become an total asshole like they all are? Okay they can get it.... I just cant go on with my life like this, I've been at this point thousand times , where I was 100% it wont happen again,but it happened again and again. People shitting on me. In real life and since recently even online. In a world fucked up like this with PTSD and paranoia I simply cant survive being the person I am right now. Dont know if hate/revenge is the answer. I dont want to go to jail, but I mean my life gets more fucked up everyday. Before I die by cancer (yes I have cancer, its no joke.  I'm psychologically and physically very ill), something needs to change. I just want to be happy. But I'm miles away.
I wish no human being has to experience this feelings. Where my life is so bad now I realized that there were always people like me before, right now there are so many humans crying, at the edge of suicide, (every half minute someone kills himself!!), feeling helpless and being treated not fair, it really makes me sad. I dont see any of it but I know for a fact its there ...