In an abusive situationPlease, can someone read this and respond. I'll take advice or thoughts or anything. I need someone other than me to acknowledge that this is happening to me because I feel so alone. I've posted here before and had people respond but I know this post is long. I'll post it anyways.

I recently got kicked out of university because of multiple suicide attempts. As soon as the school asked me to voluntarily withdrawal I tried to jump off a bridge and wound up in a hospital. As soon as I got out of the hospital I got really drunk and cried a lot. But eventually I got everything in order and now I'm living with my mom again who used to seriously abuse me.

She hasn't changed, she's less physically violent now that I'm older and can fight back to an extent, but really I wouldn't fight back, my go to is just letting her hit me.

I've tried to tell people she was abusive before, but people never seem to understand - maybe because she's a female they can't imagine her being physically violent but she was. And even when I say physical violence people can't imagine what she did to me. I feel like any words I use are an understatement to the pain she caused me.

For example, in grade eleven she decided that everyday at random times in the morning (7am, 6am, 4am, 5am, didn't matter to her) she would come in my room and pour ice water on me. This continued every morning for months. Every time it happened she would beat the hell out of me after. If I complained about her or said anything about her doing that she'd get angry at me for talking back, if I said nothing she'd get angry at me for being pathetic either way she would drag me onto the floor and kick me, or slam my head into the ground, punch me whatever she felt like. My bed was constantly soaked in water and I usually ended up sleeping on the floor because it was easier to clean up at least and because when she beat me I would get yanked out of bed and hit my head on the floor, but if I slept on the floor I was already there. I could barely sleep because I was just waiting for her to come in and beat me. Sometimes I'd cry so much after I would miss school because I'd just be laying on my floor sobbing. Then I'd get in trouble for missing school. This isn't even the worse thing she did to me, it's just one of many examples.

She would play so many fucking mind games too. Constantly trying to make me feel like I was crazy or fucking with me. She pretended that she sold me to a homeless man once and talked about what he was going to do to me but she was just glad to be rid of me. I was really fucking little when that happened too so of course I believed her.

She used to encourage my sister to abuse me too. So my sister would be rewarded for beating me or cutting me with knives or for any kind of pain she could inflict on me. I was in every sense the punching bag of the house. Sometimes I feel like I'm not worth anything at all unless I'm being abused, like the only thing I'm good for is for people to use me.

Over the years she's found hundreds of ways of torturing me, all coming along with lots of untreated concussions, open wounds, possible fractures and other injuries I wouldn't know about because I was NEVER allowed to go to the doctor except for normal check ups where I would act like everything was fine.

It's not even like I was a bad kid. I was extremely well behaved and did great in school and used to have a lot of friends but I was suffering so fucking much. One time at a family gathering my uncle made a joke, where he said "how do you get her to behave so well? What do you beat her?" And everyone laughed and when we went home my mom beat the fucking hell out of me for 'behaving too well and making a fool of her'. I couldn't win no matter how I acted.

The physical abuse was horrible but no one seems to understand how horrible it was. I flinch everytime she moves near me and she berates me for being so pathetic and makes fun of me for thinking she was going to hit me.

She doesn't hit me anymore all that often but if anyone's been abused they'll know the emotional abuse is almost worse. Everyday I hear how disgusting I am, how I'm a loser for being kicked out of school, that I'll never amount to anything, that my only friend Bella doesn't actually care about me she just pities me, any comment she knows will get to me. She constantly makes fun of me and makes sure I hate myself, and I do hate myself. I have NO self confidence.

I don't want to live with her, but at the same time I can't make myself leave. Maybe I feel like I deserve it, maybe I feel like I can handle it, idk what I feel. I want to kill myself so fucking badly. Every time she makes a mean comment it just cements the idea that I should try again more and more in my mind. It's like she doesn't even know I'm really depressed and suicidal even though I've told her before. She knows I just got out of the hospital but still makes sure to remind me that I'm worthless and that no one loves me, and how awful and horrible I am. Basically that the world would be better off without me. Idk if I can handle much more of this. I'm too depressed to be living on my own though. I have to pretend that she's nice to me in order to live and I feel like I'm back in survival mode. I don't want her to abuse me anymore, I want to feel safe but I don't know how to make that happen.

I still have a bottle full of pills and half a bottle of vodka left as well as a basement I can hang myself in or a bathtub to slit my wrists in. I have options. I'm already chronically suicidal when I'm on my own and her pushing me - it's just too much.

Any advice or maybe thoughts of anyone who actually reads this would help. I want anyone out there other than me to acknowledge that I'm going through this because I'm so fucking alone. I'm sorry for the long post. Probably no one will read it anyways and I'm posting this for no reason. I'm so alone. I sound so pathetic too. I fucking hate myself I wish I had died when I tried to jump off the bridge.