Is setting a decision date for suicide a reasonable approach?I am a veteran in my early 30's who has been dealing with PTSD and major depression for nearly a decade. Over the course of that time I have used every available resource and treatment with no success. I am considered 100% disabled and receive full VA benefits, which alleviates financial burdens but does nothing for my mental health. Many would consider me a high functioning person from outward appearances. I exercise regularly and eat healthy (whole foods, balanced diet) to help combat my condition and remove opportunity for destructive behaviors. While being 'conventionally' attractive and having financial support I still struggle to find any reason to keep attempting to live. The world is quite cold to me based on my appearance which I have also come to understand is meaningless. In trying to find my place in this world I have been confronted with the reality that the only thing that matters in the eyes of the world is status. The last three years I have been dedicated to self improvement and taking advantage of the support I have in attempt to do something meaningful/fulfilling with my life. I struggle with relationships and intimacy but have never really had a problem hooking up with women. I am desperate for a substantial relationship and friendships. Trying to find employment is another arena which pushes me closer to the brink as well. Three years worth of rejections has basically eradicated any hopes of my future and made an appalling time gap in my resume. It is impossible not to compare myself to my ever dwindling circle of successful friends. I feel as if I am being left behind despite many of the advantages possessed. This feeds my sense of guilt and makes me not want to live anymore. I have battled for so long but am at the point where if something good doesn't happen soon the downward trajectory will continue. All while being a burden and outcast to society. As much as I want to lash out at the world and make my pain known, that only perpetuates the circle of shitty cannibalistic social behavior that has become the status quo. 

I can't keep this up forever which brings me to the questions at hand.

If nothing positive happens in the next 90 days, will it ever?

Is setting a date for deciding to kill myself a reasonable approach?