A Note (At this moment I'm considering it)Suicide Note

I'm sorry I wasn't the son you wanted.
I'm sorry I failed you.
Ever since I was 9yr I have always felt different. I never felt like me. I never felt like a boy or girl. I thought that I was just going through a phase and everyone went through it. Tho it wasn't. I have always felt in away genderless and lost and confused about my whole existence. I felt the same way about my sexuality. I was always fearful of talking due to several mental illnesses tho mostly bullying and my inner severe self hatered I had for myself. I'm sorry I let my issues cause a catastrophic internal wound inside of me.
I'm guessing you are wondering what happened to that loving child that you once knew and deeply admired.
Truth be told. I never was.
I kept all of my feelings and my view points strictly to myself.
I never knew how to relate to other people. When I would try I would most likely be the subject of verbal bullying.
Which unfortunately I was always the extremely super severe sensitive type.
Any thing could trigger me into crying if my fucked up mind decided to play a facade of different types of things that could happen or people who said negative things about me. It did.
I am sorry I was so paralyzed inside my mind for all these years which made it extremely difficult to communicate to people. Tho how would you when I never spoke to basically anyone right?
There is ALOT you will unfortunately never know about me. I kinda like being mysterious in away. I always loved the darker side of life. Idky. Growing up I was the weird kid who was into stuff like (The Adams Family, Nightmare Before Christmas and ect ect)
My fav number is 13 which some people find that unlucky. I relate to it simply because I view myself as a perfect mistake. I was your perfect little angel I bet who you loved so much. Tho unfortunately I was also a mistake in my mind. And that's the thing. My mind the holy grail of how one operates there way through life. It was filled with what some may call demons. Which in retrospect everyone has their own battles with life. Some are pretty vocal about it. Tho not me. I was always afraid to be expressive about my feelings. I could never relate to people. 
Maybe I just never found my tribe.
I always dreamed about being a singer and song writer. I could of manifest that life. Sadly I was always lost inside my mind unable to move forward. Which it made things difficult. Like me developing grief. Not like the from death kinda way but more along the lines of lost of time I'll admit. I would always numb myself with sleeping meds until I felt nothing. Which it was better to feel nothing than to feel hidden repressed emotions that I had kept hidden for basically 26yrs. And that was me being forever alone. Years would go by and I would watch my family and even my at the time so called friends be and experience relationships. Sadly I never got to feel what that was like. Did I try? Yes! Did I get used. Oh you bet! I was not enough for ALOT of people. And from the beginning since probably middle school I  never felt worth being with someone and that subconsciously stuck with me. Also with me being absolutely clueless about what I even identified has or my sexuality. One could look from the outside surface and see one thing. Tho if what they truly felt on the outside didn't fall into enlighment with what they felt on the inside. Then what's the point???
Yeah I'm 26 and never been in a relationship and never will know what it's like to be in one. To have someone cherish you and make you feel so alive
And fill your inner dark void. I never know what that will feel like. It breaks my soul that I'll never be with a girl or guy.
I could never escape living inside my prisoned mind. I could be in a room full of people and loved ones and still feel alone. I wish I could of made a band of 3 people. Who where so alike it was insane. We all had the same since of style and view points on life. I imagined them tho. One was Trans MtF and the other was a girl (which was the MtF gf)
I would Invision us all touring the world and connecting with people by our music
We all had a mission. And that mission was simply to live our lives young as possible despite both of us being the same age and to just breathe and sleep in the art of music. Transferring our pain into passion. 
Our music would be
 dark electric pop
 What I shared was probably 0.1% about me.
Just know I'm sorry I failed you and you deserve so much better. And it would be better by me not being here.