I've lost motivation.This is my first time posting... this post is a long story of how i started feeling empty and why i dont want anything in my life anymore... im not asking for someone to feel bad for me but i just wanted to share my story because i feel as if i have no one to talk to and that  even if i say it to someone close to me they are not gonna say anything back... so might as well post it online to feel as if someone will read this.. thank you..

Im a senior in highschool.. age 17 and purpose... none.. I've made alot of mistakes in my life so far and most of them have been hunting me and i've reached the point that i believe i cant do anything to fix my life...

My first ever relationship was with a girl that went to the same school as i did... i actually had a crush on her best friend and in the attempt of trying to talk to her best friend by talking to her i felt more connecter and we decided to date... she was my first ever girlfriend and i was her first boyfriend.. everything was going perfect at first. we spent 8-9 months before even doing anything except kissing.. but that was also my downfall.. i was always super respectful of her actions and we both had decided to not make love \*as we used to call it\* until we're both ready. and so the time came that we both spoke up and said to one another that we wanted it to happen and to take our relationship to the next step.

After this choice we made we continued dating for 3-4 months but during these months the action we called \*love\* would happen every day or at least 3 times a week. to the point where it felt meant to be together... Now after that alot of things happened.. one of them being that i found out one of my close friends had been speaking with my girlfriend for over 4 months about us.. and he knew everything we had done better than i did.. meaning that nothing ever in our relationship was hidden... now that hurt me at the time and it made me rethink of girlfriend's decisions and broke up for around 2 months before getting back together....

I decided that i didnt feel quite right without her. and that with her gone i felt.. empty.. so i asked her if she wanted to meet up and talk and she did.. and so we made up.. But there were quite a few things she left out.. she forgot to mention to me that she had gone over to every single one of my friends and had accused me of "raping her" and also "forcing my way on her" on our first time... \*reminding you she said that after we had done that over 100 times with her being the one wanting it\*..

Sadly i learnt of this around 2 months of being back together and the way i found it was because alot of my friends had started ghosting me and had stopped acting the same when i was around and always hearing my name when i wasnt looking so i took some of my friends somewhere privately to talk to them by myself and find out why they were acting like this.. when they told me that my girlfriend.. the girl i had dreamt of having a family with and the girl that i thought was an angel in my life had said such hurtful things to me because i had previously broken up with her it ruined me.. 

The first thing i did of course was talk to her.. and when she admitted on saying these things and that they were all false and that she did it because she panicked i had nothing more to say and i just broke up with her... 

It's been over a year now that i've broken up with her and some people around the places i hang out still think of me as a rapist and other things.. and very recently quarantine happend... where i was actually quaranteed for at least 2 months.. and i recently found out that the people i considered my 2nd family and my closest friends had been going out daily without telling me... in a group on 15-20 people where everytime i wasnt invited... now im starting to feel empty again.. i really dont know what to do or how to react to things anymore.. i've lost all motivation to go out or to try better at anything... i've quit playing the games i loved and just been listeting to music for over 15 hours a day... and i really feel like i have NO ONE to talk about.. and the only reason why im not taking my life is because i think that the only person i want to be happy is my mother.. and i know that if i took my life i would ruin her...