I'm almost certain that the way I will die is by suicide.I've thought this for a while now, and I feel myself nearing closer to this. I only have 3 friends (if you can call them that. I just talk to them) and they are annoyed with me and live 8 states over. My girlfriend is no longer responding to my text messages or even our conversations with anything meaningful. I want to ask her but I know she has a lot going on so I don't wanna bother her. My parents have told me I'm a disappointment 5 seperate times in 4 weeks. I'm not even going to make rent this month which means I have to ask for money from my parents thus justifying how much of a disappointment I am to everyone because I dropped out of college. I dropped out because too much of my mental health relied on my grades but at the same time I have no motivation. My job sucks and is barely paying me anything. My coworkers hate me because I stood up for and decided to be nice to the new girl who annoys everyone (myself included but theres no reason not to be friendly with her. Shes nice, she just talks alot and often interrupts you). The only coworker that liked me got fired a month ago. The only person I talk to about anything is my roommate and it's more like talking to a wall with her because she constantly talks over me or just blatantly ignores me when it's my turn to talk. 

I'm just tired. I'm so tired. I have nothing at all holding me to this planet. I'm so pathetic that this is the reason I'm done with everything. I'm such a pathetic person who is going to do nothing with her life so theres no reason in staying here. Eternal nothingness no longer scares me. I want it so bad. But if I went through with killing myself everyone would just talk about how pathetic my problems are and how awful I am for doing it. They would just roll their eyes and claim I was doing it for attention. I hate feeling like this. I hate feeling like someone dropped a bowling ball in my stomach. I hate having panic attacks in my car because I slightly annoyed a toll worker when i didnt have the right change. I hate how easily I start crying if someone speaks to me in a slightly different tone. I hate being constantly tired and yet night after night not being able to sleep. I hate feeling guilty for feeling like this because other people have real problems and yet I'm just miserable because I'm kinda lonely. I just want it all to stop and all to end.