I hurt the girl I loveSo I met a girl we dated for a year 8~ months. This girl loved me so much I love her too but I did her wrong. This was my first real girlfriend and I cheated on her. I flirted with other girls, and I remember I broke up with her because she cut her hair, and because I wanted to be a hoe. Basically I hurt her so much. Anyways I’ve changed and I really love her and want to give her all my love and make her feel safe again etc. But she wants me out of her life completely. I understand why. I was such a horrible person to her. I’ve changed though and I know she still loves me but she’s trying so hard not to give me another chance. I want to kill myself because I had something so beautiful with her and I destroyed it because I was being a horny idiot. I love her so much and regret doing her dirty so bad and I just want to date her again and make her mine again but this time not hurt her and treat her right. I feel so bad that I did her wrong so many times. Idk why I was so stupid. I want to die dude. Like I just want what we had and I know if she gives me a chance to show her we’ll get back to where we were and even further. I’m going crazy for her like I just want her sooooo bad. There’s tons of girls that are hotter than her that I can go be with but I don’t want them I want her and I just want to die if I can’t have her. I did this to myself I know but Idk what to do. I don’t see moving on as an option because I know she just needs to give me a chance. She gave me a chance partly. The other day we went on a little date cause she needed me and wa crying because her brother hit her and I was there comforting her and trying to show her I love her and that I’ve changed. And she had work so I dropped her off we kissed each other we made out etc and we planned and she was going to come over that night. Instead she flakes on me and cuts me off and tries to ghost me. She said she loves me but ghosted me. I’m so miserable I don’t want to live without her like she was always so good to me. I love her so much man :/ and she just doesn’t wanna let herself give me that chance 