How do you get through the holidays?I'm having a difficult time getting through this month. It's exactly a year after my bf and best friend of 6 yrs decided he wanted nothing to do with me, and it's my first Christmas w/out him (I hate myself for even thinking about him/letting this hurt me after all this time).

Nearly all of my friends have stopped talking to me bc I can't get out of this hole I'm in. My parents shut me out, but they typically do this whenever their kids are struggling, so I think it's better that they stay out of my life. So I can't go home. Plus my ex lives in the same city as my parents, and I can't go anywhere near that place w/out experiencing horrible panic attacks. Why is it that people can hurt you that much? That you can't even live a normal life without the memory of them feeling like a elephant on your chest.

A couple weeks ago my writing professor from grad school committed suicide. I'm still processing it. I reconnected with my classmates/friends, but immediately pushed them away again. Apparently everyone is worried about me (his death being a giant trigger) and I hate it. I hate that I'm hurting people I love. I HATE the way I feel about myself. I hate that I'm unable to hide how depressed I've become.  

But I can't be OK for them. I just can't do it anymore. I can't believe this is who I am now. All of my questions on reddit have either been about breakups or suicide -- how the fuck did I get here? I'm just so tired and so angry. I'm completely lost.

I work hard and push myself to be perfect. I like to think that I'm a smart, loving and decent human being, but maybe I'm not. I make poor choices. I want to believe my ex was toxic and abusive and shitty, but I continue to blame myself.  I feel like everything is my fault. Bc I'm fucked up.

I don't know if I can get through the next 2 weeks. I have things lined up to keep me looking forward instead of backwards, but something feels off. I worry I can't get through this. Spending Christmas alone seems unbearable. I've never been big on celebrating, and often welcomed spending the holidays alone (bc I'm easily overwhelmed), but this past year has put me in a really uncomfortable place bc my brain keeps reminding me that I'm unlovable and I have nothing to live for.

I feel like an asshole, and all of what I've written here sounds petty. I'm sorry.