No way else "forward"?I'm really confused.

I just graduated and the impending next step of figuring out grad school and the rest of my life has me in shell shock. I can't afford any of it, have already signed up for it and am set to start it all, and I feel like it's going to be the rude awakening I can't stand to fail and see.

I'm older then most college grads, but due to some past relationship and friend issues, I've been rendered financially dead, and had to move back home with my family to stay afloat, which just feels like I'm slowly drowning and can never get out again. 

I feel like I'm standing at the edge of a big new chance, and all I can think about is how I'm going to fuck it up and let myself down, fail, and be without any chance of redemption. 

I thought I was going to be excited and happy about taking these next steps, but I keep getting the bad news that any and all promised support to see me through this has all but fallen away, leaving me alone to go further into debt, take future classes I can't do well in, and essentially just fail out. 

I just want to get a decent job and get my life back, and I haven't had that for over 10 years due to re-working everything in my life to see myself out of drowning in debt and then through college. I have no insurance and can't seek any help, I'm losing my job when I start my new graduate program in the Fall, and can't work while doing so, so I'm beholden to taking out more loans to stay "afloat" and now I'm finding out I won't be getting any help from my school to see myself through this next chapter. 

I have almost no friends left, and the ones I've made are so busy in their own lives that I can't see burdening them without taking on even more guilt for how much of a fuck up I am. I don't sleep well, eat poorly, and have almost no motivation going forward, and yet I'm on a track to put myself under even more stress and expectations that I have panic attacks about daily. I feel like a complete fuck up and all I want is just a simple existence, and even that seems light years away. 

For years I've told myself I could never kill myself, and have chickened out of numerous attempts, but just recently I have lost that excuse. There's no one left to hurt if I'm gone, and acquaintances can and will get over my absence -very- quickly based on how busy they all are. I have nothing left to give, offer, and work towards without enduring more guilt, stress, and financial burdens that I can in no way justify. 

I feel completely alone and want nothing more then to just die. I've stopped smoking weed, but have been drinking excessively, as I need -something- to cope with, and have almost no time to myself to do anything fun. I haven't been on a vacation or done anything fun in over 10 years, have no hobbies outside of occasionally gaming online, and feel completely disinterested in everything I do. Towing this line has killed all of my motivation for myself, and the hope I thought I'd have from graduating has been instantly replaced with dread, fear, and doubt, which I'd sooner not see through and just give up.

What the fuck is wrong with me? And how do I find any meaning? I feel completely hopeless.