This EmptinessThere is no such thing as true happiness, the feeling of being happy is only momentary and as soon as it passes you dissipate back into the ether. The void of nothingness where no emotions live. A place devoid Anger, Joy, Love, Sadness, Pain, and everything. The emotions I feel have whittled away at me for years upon end taking more and more until I have reached this state of nothingness. I have not felt anything in a long time. I am physically drained from imitating these emotions i don’t truly feel. I do not love. I do not sorrow. I do not anger. This ploy that i have been playing at for years it’s reaching its end. I feel nothing but FeAr. I fear the path that i am forging will lead to greater consequences. Nobody understands. I am alone. It’s never about me. I am ant in the big scheme of the universe. Every man for himself. I don’t promised of hope and pleasure. I do not seek council for it is too late. I cannot put on my poker face any longer. Every day grows more weary the longer I play this role in life. I don’t care about anything or anyone just as they don’t of me. I do not believe these empty words and gestures of good faith. These crocodile tears that are shed for me. My tear ducts have been dry for over a decade. Things will not change. Things will not get better. Nothing can save me now. Not companionship. Not love. I am tired. I am a robot running out of power. I think i forgot the feeling of happiness a long time ago. Although i feel nothing these negative emotions still subconsciously take over every fiber of my physical being. Why can I not control myself. Why do my thoughts race at 1000 mph. Why can i not be satisfied. Will I ever regain the emotions that have disappeared deep inside. Will they ever be brought back to the surface. Or will i live the rest of my solemn life damned by the thoughts that keep me up at night further poisoning my mind. The only time I feel ease is in my dreams. The state in which my body is closest to death. Deep down somewhere inside the madness lies sanity. A sanity which is lost.

I desire control of my mind and body.
Someone.


Save me