what kept you from giving in?Up until now I’ve never been suicidal but over the course of a little less than a year my life has crumbled before my eyes. I’m only 19 so I started college and had issues with adhd medication and medical issues and severe depression. That whole year was a sad depressed mess but I was still hopeful. Then the pain kicked in. At first it was just neck pain that wouldn’t stop. Went to chiropractor for months to treat degenerative disc and nothing helped. Finally went to specialist for mri and I have a herniated disc but despite all 4 drs I’ve seen they all dismiss everything and give me painkiller after painkiller that doesn’t help so I’m at physical therapy and all this other stuff. This year I’ve had medication issues and more health problems and now I’m failing 2 classes after not having the right meds and I’ll lose my scholarship and my moms already taking out another job to pay for medical shit so idk how we’re gonna afford this too. The pain has now spread from my neck to my shoulders, mid and lower back, coccyx, shoulder blades, both arms, elbows, wrists, and fingers. I literally cannot function anymore the pain is constant and nothing is helping I’ve tried fucking everything and still nobody can pinpoint what’s wrong or how to fix it it’s fucking excruciating I can’t take it anymore I can barely work or even dress myself and classes are near impossible to sit through. Everything over the past few months, the pain, meds, health issues, college, anxiety over college shit that’s fucking me over and I can’t stop it, feeling like a burden to my parents, like I’m draining my parents money for medical help, and now my mom is upset w me bc she can’t take my shit anymore??? Apparently having all my problems dumped on her (even tho she told me to tell her what’s wrong) is too much and she barged I go my dorm tonight to yell at me for it and being too depressing on Facebook????? There’s even more going on and shit that’s built up over years including trauma and mental illness  and all of a sudden tonight I think I finally snapped and I’m actually suicidal for the first time in my life so I’m scared and don’t know what to do esp since my main support system (parents) can’t stand hearing anymore and I haven’t slept in days or eaten from meds and I’m tired and I feel so fucking alone and I’m scared I don’t know what to do at this point dying is the only available solution for my pain and outside problems but I can’t do that to my pets or my parents or anyone and I’m too chicken but anyways I need advice
What kept you afloat or prevented you from every going thru with it? I don’t want to die but my brain won’t stop telling me that it’s the only solution. I feel numb and alone and done. Please help.