I'M SICK OF DISAPPOINTING PEOPLE (Just warning, I do talk about Religion and many debates that has been had on the basis of Religion)Guess who's about to fail Home Economics-YET AGAIN- because they can't focus, can't write properly, can't be stuck in a crowded kitchen for an extended period of time otherwise they will have a breakdown-and that's why they sit by themselves during that class, because they feel like everyone else hates them-including the teacher. And whenever the teacher says to "Get into groups", this person has no one to be with, because those two people they actually know a little bit and somewhat feel comfortable around are already in groups of people this person doesn't know. This person feels like a burden to whichever group they get placed in, because they always end up having nothing to do, so they spend time washing the dishes and drying them but really, it's not THAT bad, until the teacher says more people need to help with dish duty and this person gets extremely nervous to be around other people. Hell! This person even had a mental breakdown before class, even though they had all their ingredients, they just did not have anyone to work with, which made them nervous and they started to shake and cry. The one time anyone did want to work with them, is because that group forgot that we needed to bring food to cook with that day, and so just took over all the stuff this ONE, THIS SINGLE PERSON, brought in. AND THESE OTHER PEOPLE, HAD THE AUDACITY! -TO STICK THE ONE WHO BROUGHT THE INGREDIENTS-ON DISH DUTY! NOT ONLY THAT, BUT THEY TOOK BIGGER PIECES OF THE FINAL PRODUCT HOME WITH THEM! THESE OTHER PEOPLE ALSO LET A GIRL WHO WASN'T EVEN THERE FOR THE COOK, TAKE A PIECE! LEAVING THE ONE WHO BROUGHT THE INGREDIENTS, WITH A TINY SLICE! Whatever this person does, always works out in a negative way. They feel worthless. Even the fake smile this person puts on is starting to slip. They had to go to a psychologist because of the hole of bad habits they dug themselves into was too deep for anyone to get them out of. But this person, does not want to get out. They really don't. This person feels empty inside. Hopeless and lost. Even those who should be closest to them, this person feels like their family hates them. They hate everyone else to an extent though. But those levels of rage differ from person to person. Sometimes it’s low. Sometimes it’s high. They know they are constantly going to fail and let others down, so most of the time, they don’t even try to make an effort. Failure is inevitable. Their passions have become procrastinations. They could write a whole book, cover to cover, of ways of how they want to end their life. They could write poems of ways to torture others, slowly, gruesomely, mercilessly. This person could lecture the demons of Hell about how they deserve to burn, about how they aren’t needed. Begging, pleading to the Devil themselves, to take this person away forever. THIS PERSON CAN’T STAND LOOKING AT THEMSELVES. AT THE FEMALE BODY THEY HAVE, BUT STILL DETEST. TRIPLING THEIR OFFENDERS. WAKING THE UNSPOKEN RULE. Perfect isn’t a word this person likes. In fact, they’d rather die than have someone call them perfect. No one is. Nothing is. No single moment is ever perfect for them. There is always a doubt chewing away at the darkest parts of their subconscious thoughts. Too weak to end it. Too cowardly to keep going. The bright lights of the trains and cars are mesmerising to them. They can imagine those same lights being the last thing they ever see. They can imagine looking up from Hell to see the unfazed faces of those they knew. Their old room an empty tomb, their tomb. Why looking up you may ask. They have read the Holy verses of the book society bows before in a skirmish. They have lectured others like them, that society must bend and contort to become heterosexual and cisgender, for heaven admission. And they hate it. They have tried and tried again to shape themselves into that mould. But have found out, too late, that others have made their own moulds. Moulds made just for them by them. And this person is still trying to make one for themselves. But the crushing weight of expectations and reality is keeping them from their ultimate goal of trying to find a place for them to be, to feel, to act normal. Why can’t they just be normal like society wanted? Like they wanted. They didn’t want to suffer under the hands of themselves. Their toxic actions, behaviours and mindset are the things that keep them down. Writing essays to try and piece together the hatred they bear towards themselves and others. THEY HAVE NO RIGHT TO BE TREATED AS AN EQUAL! ***I have no right to be treated as an equal***.