Thinking about everything I want to put in a noteA little over 3 weeks ago, I made a half assed attempt, after my best(and only) friend of 10 years told me she was “over it after my birthday passed and you said nothing”. I said nothing because she left town last minute with no warning, and I had a card to give her in person. Anyway, in the weeks since, I’ve gotten over that. If you can end things like that, you were never the friend I thought you were. I was able to talk the hospital into letting me go home after a couple days. I had been committed against my will. Our mental health department was supposed to call within a few days to get outpatient treatment going. I’ve been depressed for several years, coupled with severe anxiety. Medical problem after medical problem, with seizures starting the week before the attempt. Which was I think likely just another trigger. Anyways, my family doctor has been on sick leave for months now, and over 3 weeks has passed with mental health not contacting me. I’ve stopped self medicating. I haven’t had a drink or any weed since before the ambulance showed up.(Downing pills directly in front of my husband wasn’t the best choice to go with, but I was drunk and just beyond having any hope that night)

Anyways, if you’ve gotten this far. I just, feel completely alone. My husband is gone for work 730am-6pm, at minimum. I have no friends. No one to talk to. And the thoughts just became way too much again last night. I’m trying to rationalize that I do love him, and I don’t want him to have to live with the images of coming home to find me. And I don’t really want to leave my dogs, or my pig. But I’ve spent the last 24 hours coming up with a mental list of actual effective ways to get the job done. I’m writing this here in the hopes it convinces me not to write the note I’ve been thinking about. I cried myself to sleep thinking about the things I want to say. I just. I don’t want to do this anymore. I can’t leave the house alone anymore because of the seizures. We had to take insurance off my car because I’m legally not allowed to drive now. I’m just, stuck. Even more than I had been before. My days are empty. 