I've had these flashed of suicidal thoughts since I was 14 and their getting worse. Can I just tell my life story?I think I'll just do this in a chronological greentext style thing.

Age 6- Built the first of many 'penny shooters' out of cardboard and rubber bands and tape.  Lots of fun.  

7-11

Have all sorts of hobbies... mostly involving building weapons and crap out of sticks and paper and tape and tacks and whatnot.
Also Rubik's cubes, origami, computer programming.  Lots of really obsessive hobbies.  Didn't have any friends though... parent's didn't even care.  "Friends are overrated" They said.

12- Discover great hobby that I love.  It's dangerous and slightly illegal though.

13 and a half or so- Love this hobby more than anything.  Parents put a stop to it... (for good reason.

14ish-  Have to take this religious related class in the mornings.  maybe from 12-14 I had the slow and painful realization that I was super socially awkward and had no friends.  Suicidal flashes start.  Just brief images of me killing myself.  I manage.

15- start this job working on a farm in another state living with grandparents (grandparents didn't employ me or own the farm though) My dad kind of made me do it.  Made like $9 an hour.  Physical labor... worked 10 hours a day 6 days a week.  Kind of sucked.  I didn't like it.  My dad told it me it was to keep me out of trouble.  bs.  It got me into more trouble then I ever could have gotten into if I had stayed home.  

15 and a halfish
Dad tells me that my mom 'discovered' Asperger's Syndrome and that I probably have it.

tfw I'm a retard

I research the crap out of it.  Yeah... it matches up really well.  'Special Interests' is just a stupid gay way of putting a positive spin on an unhealthy obsession... like my hobbies.  I figure that's why I'm super sensitive to touch and noise.  I want a diagnosis to confirm.

Suddenly (like 2 weeks later) my dad says, "Actually, I don't think you have AS".  Wtf... ok.  My mom doesn't want me to get a diagnosis because she views it as an unnecessary expense... + she didn't want me on some government record or whatever.

16
Work exact same job again for $7.20/hr.  I have no say in the matter.  I hate it.  

late 16
Summer ends. Quit job.  Basically spend school year jacking off and studying for ACT and GED.  Get high 20s and perfect score respectively... I'm not an idiot... just super lazy.

17 

Get amazing job working road construction.  I love every aspect of it.  Making between 25 and 45 $/hr depending on which state I'm in... job I'm doing etc.  Super great.  Coworkers are really nice.  Work is hard, but not too bad.  Really happy.

tfw the suicidal flashes go away.

late 17.

Parents and a few adult role models encourage me to finish my Eagle Scout rank advancement before I turn 18.  I work my ass off and get it done.  It was a really stressful time for me.  Suicidal flashes come back... except this time they're more enticing and appealing.  I feel literally no sense of accomplishment when I finish it all... just like there's less pressure.  Whatever.

18
Start college (January 2015 actually) in another state living with widowed grandmother..  Pretty stressful.  The thoughts get about 10x worse.  Actually have these breakdowns where I'm just on the floor crying and wanting to scream. 

Had to take these religious classes for some reason.  They were like 'sponsored' or whatever by my church.  I hate the classes.  Everyone is loud and friendly.  They have this stupid annoying "Hi how are you doing this beautiful day" attitude.  The teacher is the worst because he is all concerned about me since I'm a loner who doesn't talk to anyone (Still have literally one friend by the way).  It's really annoying.  But the worst part is that the suicidal thoughts go into overdrive during this class... I can barely trust myself to drive back to my grandma's house from that damn class.  

Today is the last day of Spring Break.  My whole family went to Europe and I stayed behind to house-sit.  I don't care... I'm not jealous, but I've been really lonely and depressed.  I have no friends to do things with.  I haven't done anything all week but chill at the house and screw with this Arduino thing and play Skyrim.  It's been really lonely, and the thoughts have gotten way worse in the mean time. 

Since I'm house-sitting... I'm also house-defending.  I'm currently within 10 feet of 4 different guns and every time I look at one I have this flash of myself blowing my brains out.  Yesterday I had this break down where I was just on the floor crying.  I don't want to die... I'm religious (don't try to convert me to atheism ffs) and consider suicide on par with murder.  But dying would be so peaceful and nice... it's appealing.  I hate the thoughts though.  I don't know why I have them.  I have nothing to be sad or depressed about.  My parents ~~by~~ buy the gas that goes into my car for hell's sake!   I'm like a poster child for that rich white kid and yet I hate myself, I hate my life, and I'm miserable.  I still want a psychiatric evaluation for AS but I don't want to talk to my parents about it.  I can't believe how sad and angry and depressed I am despite how much I've been given.  You see those little third world kids playing kickball or whatever with the smiles on their faces... and here I am typing this on a $1600 laptop. 

I don't know what to do.  I don't know if I should try to talk to someone about this irl or just try to wait it out.  Maybe I should see a psychiatrist.  I really don't want to talk to anyone in the real world and even if I tried I honestly don't know if I could.  I 'turn off' or 'shutdown' when I talk to anyone about anything important or emotional.  I look away and just like nod and shake my head or whatever.  I don't even want to talk to anyone irl.  I'm just posting this to like clear my thoughts and hear what you guys have to say.  Sorry for the wall of text.