If the choice is between suicide or a permanent loser, I choose suicideAlthough I have been diagnosed with depression, I found resources and have gotten better until now. I have found a field I am passionate in, Industrial &amp; Systems Engineering and was able to switch a year ago. However, I cannot get an internship to save my life. Since December I have applied to numerous places, talked to over 20 employers at the spring career fair and even ask good questions/introduced myself to guest speakers looking for interns. I was able to get 7 interviews, but either I have not heard back from the interviewer or they gave the usual "we found a candidate who better fit our needs." I will be in my last year of school and since I do not have any relevant intern experience, I am afraid I will never be able to find a good career.

The problem isn't a lack of work ethic or bad grades and have no problems with finding good references from professors. In fact I have gotten a Co-Op because I was a good student and the professor put in a good word for me. However, the Co-OP is not directly related to my current field. The problem is socially there is something wrong and no matter what I do, I cannot fix it. I listened to the lie that in order to get a good job you need good grades at a good school. I neglected to improve social skills. 

Sure I have tons of acquaintances and talk to them at public venues but only a few want to hang out. I deleted Facebook because I was sick of seeing all of the happy people with their impeccable lives. I have gotten involved and really tried to improve my social skills to make up for lost time in high school but no matter what it seems like there is that gap I cannot close. 

A more recent example is applying for officer positions at clubs I am heavily involved in. Other candidates, ones who are not nearly as involved, have gotten chosen over myself by popular vote. Although I was the president’s first choice for a special appointed position, the professor in charge said no appointed positions. 

I ask my friends if there is something wrong with me socially and they say it comes more down to just “knowing the right people” but there are plenty of sophomores with no experience who have internships. I am too afraid to ask professors for internship opportunities because it is too close to asking for handouts. 

I don't want to give up on life, but at the same time my future looks bleak and hopeless, and there is nothing I can do about it.

TLDR: I am a hard worker who will never be given the opportunity to start my career because I do not have any relevant internships and could not find one despite my best efforts. 
