To those who say I'm causing my family pain and suffering by killing myself (long)My life has been hell for the past 5 years due to depression, anxiety, OCD, paranoia and bullying from my childhood, but I've been seriously contemplating killing myself for the past 14 months. 
14 months ago I lost someone I loved so much and still do... and I can't cope with this loss to this day. I thought I could move on for a short while and got in another relationship because she moved on 2 weeks after we broke up, but cut to 7 months later I was broken up with again, by the new person... what's funny is, I didn't even feel sad because I never felt quite "there" in this relationship because I kept thinking about my ex and comparing this new girl to her and thinking about our memories together, because I was and am still in love with her. We don't talk, she's moved on and it kills me.

**Question: "What's better; to exist &amp; continue my daily suffering for the sake of my family's happiness of having me around. Or to kill myself and cause them a a year or two of pain by losing me of suicide which they will eventually forget, but I will be in peace?"**

To those who keep messaging me and saying I will cause my family pain, trauma, unpleasant memories of myself, sadness... I can only say. THEY will get over it, but I am not willing to live with this pain and suffer from day to day just to please someone else by my existence. 

I'm not willing to exist for the sake of someone "having me around" when in reality I'm researching and experimenting methods to die every single day. From googling accidental poisoning cases to taking 20+ paracetamol tablets for 2 weeks straight, to drinking myself to an oblivion hoping I won't wake up the next day, taking 20+ metoprolol (beta-blocker) pills at night hoping I won't wake up the next day, snorting enormous amounts of cocaine, ambien and other drugs hoping to overdose... actually I'm blown away that I'm still here right now, and a tad bit angry as well because I've spent so much money, time, nauseous days, hungover days, sick days because I've tried to die and end my suffering, but my system f*cking fails to give up? 

So in conclusion, to those who say I will cause pain to my family by killing myself, I disagree... It might cause them pain, temporarily, but this pain will fade and memories of me will stay with them. But my existence is hell and I can't keep living for someone else, because my days are full of pain, agony, attempts at killing myself, crying so hard I'm out of breath and then just sobbing or just laying in bed breathless and wishing this pain was already over. 

Sometimes you have to be selfish, and my way to be selfish is to end my long lasted suffering even if it means me causing my family sadness for a few years. But for me, this will mean peace! 

**TLTR: I'm not causing them pain, they will have memories of me, pictures of me.. their pain will fade away and be replaced with memories over time. I refuse to exist and suffer daily for the sake of someone having me around because my existence is pure hell**