Loneliness is the real killerThis may be long.

My name is Michael. I am from Ireland. I am 31 years old.

As a child, I spent most of my days between the age of 7 of 17 being physically and emotionally battered on an almost basis in schools because of my ugly appearance. I left before finishing school because I knew if I didn't I would probably end up killing myself.

I tried once, and failed.

I have always been able to make friends, but I have a hard time making *good* friends. There is nobody in my life right now that I could call a best friend. I am not close to my family. My mother has a tendency to do as much as he can to remind me how much of a failure I am, but I keep her in my life because I love her.

A couple of years ago I was diagnosed with body dysmorphia. This is a condition in which a person obsesses or worries over their appearance to the point of worry and / distress. It is crippling and has consumed my life. I look at my body and feel repulsed and disgusted by myself. Especially my face. I have a grotesquely huge forehead, like you see in one of those little green men.

I am also dealing with a crippling problem with my nervous system, that doctors can not find the cause of. My legs are in constant crippling pain. I can barely walk outside of my house, and to do so leaves me in tears with the wrong. The only medication that works leaves me as a zombie.

My disability has caused me to lose a lot of friends. Recently, one of them wouldn't invite me on an excursion because I would need my wheelchair to get around. 

About three years ago I fell in love with a very beautiful woman with two wonderful kids. Things with us were amazing, and the children treated me as if I was their own father. When things were hard, they were the rock that held me up. They kept me going when I felt I had nothing else.

About six months ago, one of them attempted to commit suicide while wt their grandmother. The grandmother is a vile, horrible woman that would verbally and emotionally abuse them. I got angry at my partner when I found out they were staying there. She blamed me for him trying to kill himself, and we haven't talked since.

I found out two days ago that she was sleeping with the father of one of the kids. I had been holding out for the chance that we could fix things, so I could be with the boys ago, but just knowing she was in the bed with this person...  makes me feel dirty, betrayed, sick. I will probably never see the boys again, and that absolutely breaks my fucking heart. 

I ran a website for 5 years, but I lost it yesterday because I got angry at someone for using racial and homophobic slurs in my company. It was a good outline to write and take my mind of everything.

The past five months have been nothing but unbearable physical pain and an insecurity that is stifling my inability to function. I've been going to doctors and talking to people but it just won't go away. My life has deteriorated to the point where I simply get up, watch things on the computer, then go to bed, and repeat every day. No friends, no support structure, no aspirations, no achievements... I would go out and do things, but nobody will join me or help me...

I'm tired. Absolutely exhausted and tired of pushing through everything. There is no purpose to my life. I am tired of being a burden on everyone with my depression and physical disabilities. I have no need to be here. I feel old. I'm just waiting out my days.

I *want* to end it, but I don't have the courage to go through with it. I have researched assisted suicide but its not available in this country.

I don't know what to do.

I apologise for the length of this.