I wish for EuthanasiaMy whole life just keeps getting worse and worse everyday that goes by. I’m not even 20 yet but it feels like I’m old as fuck. I’ve had to work since I’ve been 16 since I lost my dad at 13 and he was the only one supporting my family financially. My mom barely makes anything so I’ve been having to work just to live a normal life. I see everyone else my age going out with friends, traveling and having fun and I’m just at my house all day in bed or I usually just sit outside because the sun is the only thing that gives happiness now. 
         

         I did go to college for a semester but I had to drop out because I couldn’t afford it and I had no one to help me pay it off. I started working a full time job once I came back home but 2 years later I quit because I couldn’t take it anymore. It was the same routine everyday and it was physically demanding. I didn’t get paid a lot for all the hard work I was doing and everyone else was slacking off. I was so tired of that happening everyday so I walked out and never came back but now I regret it because my new job only gives me a few hours and it’s a 40 minute drive. I should of just dealt with the stress of my previous job but I didn’t think it would be so hard to get a job these day. Every single employer always pick people that seem cool or only attractive ones. No one cares how hard you work anymore. They won’t even give any chance to prove it. They go with someone for their looks or social status. 

       I feel so alone sometimes I have no one to talk to besides my mom and little brother but even they don’t want to listen to me sometimes and it gets awkward since my mom never really talked to me or showed me emotion but it feels nice to have someone physically around you. My older siblings are all doing great in life and I guess they just forgot about me. I’ve asked for their help but they think I can figure it out on my own. 
I feel so helpless. I wish human euthanasia was legal so that I wouldn’t feel this way everyday. I don’t know what I’m doing in the future and I’m scared.