Please help me. Suicidal Thoughts vs. Daydreaming about winning the lotteryI am a 29 year old college drop out. My transcript is 4 years, 5.5 Failed courses, and the last 1.5 years I withdrew from all 8.0 courses. My daily life for the past 6 years consists of waking up at random time of the day, sometimes when it's already dark outside, putting the laptop beside my bed on my chest, and from the moment I open my eye to the moment I fall asleep, I am in the same position in bed on the computer looking at twitter/instagram/reddit/youtube to distract myself. My parents think I graduated and make almost 6 figures and have friends and am dating. I showered once a month, ate takeout pizza or managed to get out of the house once every 2 months to go to the grocery store. I would day dream about celebrities or me winning the lottery or someone falling in love with me and saving me. I would think about other people's love and cry everyday, full on sob. I had no job, did not get welfare or help and lived a poverty life where I made myself anemic. 

Then about 3 weeks ago, I could no longer sleep 14 hours a day, woke up at 6am everyday. I had all this time to think about my life and once I looked up the symptoms of depression and anxiety,  I went to the doctor to get diagnosed. I've been on antidepressants for a week. I made a resume and applied to barely above minimum wage jobs, and got one. I went to free counselling in the city. I called my friends who I haven't talk to in a decade. I called my old college and it turns out I can go back anytime. Everyday I flip flop between wanting to kill myself and "I can do this" about 34 times. I'm confused to if I'm getting better or worse. Now life is harder, I'm sadder, I have anxiety attacks, chills, suicidal thoughts, huge mood swings, from the moment I wake up. Every morning I wake up with so much regret and suicidal thoughts. At least before when I was in bed I can be in a state of denial.

I have to decide this week whether I should:

\- go back to my prestigious college and finish a basic unemployable degree (3 years)

\- college and I would need to achieve 2 years with 3.8 GPA, to apply to business school with my horrible transcript, and start entry level jobs at age 32 making 40k (4 years if i'm lucky)

\- college and take sciences class from year 1 and aim for 3.8 GPA, and then apply to med school with my horrible transcript, and by some miracle if I get in age would matter less and I can finish at age 36 (6-8 years if a miracle happens)

\- work at my $30,000 job this year, my first paid job since high school, and take an art class in community college

\- study for my insurance license and work for no base pay all commission have to motivate myself

\- tell my parents and they will probably make me move home and do nothing this year

If you are asking me what I like, I don't like anything I have no passion for life. I expect to fail in college, but I don't want to work at my new job because I know I'm capable of more. Writing out all my options makes me think about how much work each one is and makes me want to stop existing. 

I wish I had a therapist but I can't afford one. If you are a doctor, therapist, or counselor, or someone in a similar situation that's recovered that's willing to help please message me. I will be forever grateful