Been thinking too long about thisI feel so alone. My best efforts to find friends or connect with people have been failing me for all these years. I have such an odd and disconnected relationship with my family. My long distance relationship is falling apart. I have no one. Those I consider my closest friends don't have any respect for me a ridicule me to my face. Even those I work with and see day after day are much the same. They actively avoid me, looking the other way when we pass each other in the hall. My group goes to lunch every day without me and even as I was standing there they tell the new guy as they're inviting him out, "No, we don't invite [me]".

People don't hate me, they just want nothing to do with me. I didn't think it would be possible to actually lose friends but it is. I used to hang out with a friend all the time but eventually he started seeming distant with me for some reason. I'd go over to his place almost every weekend, but one weekend I decided not to go and see what would happen. Nothing. Few more weeks, nothing. Months, nothing. It's been almost a year now and the person I once considered my closest friend hasn't attempted to contact me. I once tried to hold a get-together with a bunch of people and a few of them did nothing but text and eventually said they had somewhere else to go, bringing with them several others who volunteered to go. 

My phone hasn't rang for weeks. I'm constantly available on chat and never receive anything. I was surprised to find out that friends actually e-mail each other. Surprised because I had never received a single one that simply asked how I was doing or to share some funny anecdote or link or something. I have to invite myself everywhere I go. 

If I went tonight it would probably be weeks before anyone noticed, and it'd probably be because a neighbor noticed a weird smell emanating from my apartment. But I won't. I'll continue living in my deserted island in the world, being a spectator to others walking together laughing with each other or talking about their friends and how awesome their weekend was. We'll see how much fuse I have left. 