Depression and anxiety is hellHello. I'm 18 and I've been dealing with depression for half my life now. As the years got by, i've started to develop crippling anxiety as well. My mental state just gets worse and worse with each passing day though i'm trying my best to get better. I just feel that everything is so meaningless now and i feel so unloved and unimportant. My family situation isn't the best right now, and i dont have strong support from my friends in school. I was given advice to reach out to people but my friends just ignore my messages or seemingly ignore me when i try to talk to them physically. I know that nobody is obliged to help me with my pain and allow me to burden them, but i don't know why i still feel so hurt by it. I've attempted suicide many times but they all failed. I'm currently on medication now but honestly it doesnt seem to be helping as much as i thought it would. I'm from an asian country, and i guess theres a strong culture of competition especially in academics. I try to not compare myself to the people around me in school, but it sucks when the teachers and students openly compare everyone's grades and achievements. It's hard to not feel like shit when almost everyone around me has good friends, good grades and many accomplishments. I know that everyone does have bad times and has their own issues, but i can't help myself but to envy them because it's been a long time since i've felt okay. I just want to be worth something and to be loved like them. I honestly feel weak because I cant successfully end my life despite multiple attempts. I keep trying to find happiness in anything but i can't seem to find it. With regards to my family, theres a strong stigma against mental illnesses. They dont believe depression is a thing and say "it's a phase that everyone goes through" and often tell me to "snap out of it because other people are having it worse". I'm trying not to believe their words, but it sucks having to hear these things almost everyday. Whenever they see my self harm scars, they scold me for "being an attention seeker" and that "these scars will ruin my chances of getting a spot in uni/a  job during interviews". I am just hurt that i feel that i am alone, and how many people (though it may be unintentional) seem to not understand how hard it is to deal with this everyday. I'm really trying everything to get better but all my attempts seem to be futile. I aim to be in the clinical field in the future because my passion is to help others, but i can't even help myself now. I really do love to help others, and i always offer my help when i see those in need, but in my school setting, my friends who have problems often ignore me and would rather confide in others. I'm glad that they have support from others but i can't help but to feel hurt. I just want to stop hurting already because it's been so long since i've felt true happiness and i'm so afraid that maybe i will never get better.