just wanna vent even if no one sees or cares idk what else to doi have been really depressed for over a year now and struggled with depression when I was younger. I got bullied for being gay and got told to kill myself etc etc. I’ve always been extremely shy and had trouble making friends. I didn’t know why I was so scared till I started to realize I have social anxiety. Over a year ago one of my friends left public high school to do online school and I thought it seemed so fun so I did too. But holy fuck am i miserable. I do the same shit every single day so many of my old hobbies i can’t do for more then five minutes cause I just get mentally tired and don’t want to do anything. I never had a lot of friends but online school has seperated me even more and I now have like only two-three friends. My old best friend ran from home to live with a drug dealer and we act like things are okay. But they really aren’t and I feel like I don’t know who she is anymore she’s like a stranger to me. I’ve known her for over ten years and when she met this guy she acted like i didn’t exsist and when i stopped trying I became the bad person. I’ve never had a job because I’m too scared of talking to people all day or messing up at work. I don’t have my license and I’m 18 because I’m too scared due to being in multiple car accidents with friends driving and im terrified i’m going to accidentally hit someone or an animal. I’ve tried multiple medications for anxiety and they haven’t helped at all and I can’t and don’t want any benzodiazepines because I used to abuse them and I’m scared I wouldn’t be able to control myself. I’m on prozac currently and its been the most helpful so far but its also very minimal. I was in a relationship for over a year with an amazing guy and he just broke it off a few days ago. It’s really weird because there was no particular reason why, we we’re a healthy couple and I can’t make myself feel better by saying hes shitty bc he was really great and idk. He was one of the only people that I knew truly cared for me and loved me. It’s crazy just a week ago we were best friends and wanted to spend every minute together and now suddenly were strangers. I think about death often and I’ve lost some pets this year and I sometimes with I wasn’t so scared and would just do it already. I feel bad for my family and people blaming themselves but I am so sick of living like this. I’ve tried to tell my friend but he doesn’t seem like he takes it seriously it’s like im telling a joke or something. And after this breakup happened I relpased on drugs and have been doing lots of adderall cause it’s the only
thing exciting anymore. I’m so behind in my school work from being so sad and just not having motivation and I know I should just do it and try and get caught up but it’s so overwhelming and so much work I have less then a month left to do around 2-3months work of work per class and I’m in 7 classes . I feel like it’s my fault for all of this and I shouldn’t be complaining but I just don’t know a lot of the times I don’t even know why I’m sad I just will randomly start thinking about suicide and how I’d do it and a way for people not to see me when I’m dead. I have this medical condition where I can get really nauseated at anytime of day no matter what’s happening. That makes me even more nervous about getting a job and living a real life I always think about if I were to get nauseated and vomit during an interview or a meeting or talking to a customer. And having social anxiety just makes the nausea worse. I try to take things for anxiety like natural supplements and i got prescribed gabappentin and propanol and I always end up taking way more then I’m supposed to just because I don’t care and feeling just a little euphoria or rush from a drug is better then continuing to be stuck in this loop. I have to graduate this year if I even get ahead I’m terrified because I have to go to a real school and it’s so confusing. I fucking hate doing the same thing everyday and feeling like im in reruns of a tv show but at the same time I don’t have to deal with strangers but then I get lonely and even when I do attempt to hang out with new people I’m extremely quiet and awkward and basically don’t talk the whole time. Idk if anyone at all will read this and if so I’m sorry it’s just this one confusing thick wall of text. I just have no idea what to do with myself anymore and I feel like everyday life just gets worse and worse. I don’t know how much longer I can deal with it.