Certainly, expecting anything different is absurd from a static worldI don't feel a compelling reason to continue existing. I am an awful person with no friends. I have zero social skills and the few people that cling on to me are those who think my brashness and perceived disregard for social norms has comedic effect. In case I have not made it obvious, my 'relationship' with those people has been vacuous at best, and is usually damaging. Though I am well-educated, my severe social anxiety and awkwardness has prevented me from getting a job, where people with similar backgrounds could easily pull a 40k+/year starting salary. I do not feel that anybody understands me, and I spent an obscene amount of time arguing with people about what--in retrospect--is a complete waste of time. I am a loser who lives in my mom's basement and will almost certainly continue doing this for another year because I missed deadlines for a variety of alternatives (grad school, job, etc) and I despise being here. It doesn't help that I do not consider life to have any inherent meaning nor am at all convinced that some deity oversees me or that my existence will continue after my death. Even if I did get my shit together and somehow got a job or accepted into another school, I hate what I studied and the field that it would result work in, so I don't really want to do those things so much as I need to get away from here. I am also somewhat drug resistant, so I do not get the same pleasure others do from recreational drugs nor do pharmaceuticals that I've been prescribed have any effect on me unless I do absurdly high amounts, which is both expense (I have no income, if you'll recall) and difficult to do under the watch of your family. Trust me that if I felt that life had absolutely no benefit to me, I would have done it already, so I am not in imminent danger because I still see some mundane and contrived pleasure in life, though it is dwindling, and is much less than I would like and see others enjoy. However, I just don't see the point of going further.....

I've tried to change things, but it only results in pain for the few people who may, in fact, care about me. Nights of screaming and crying. I feel like my existence, if accomplishing anything at all, is merely negative. And honestly, it's only more painful to continue going to have it all tumble on you and continue emotionally harming others. I feel like what I say here is so empty and trite. But I don't know what else to say, really.  