um... Hello...... so I just found this sub today, like within the last hour, and I saw the top post of all time and it made me feel... okay. I had a blowout today cause of all the stress that has been accumulating (college and being able to pay it, having to pass a drug test and not having weed to calm me down, people pissing me off). Punched a couple of things and now some of my knuckles are kinda swollen... Was looking around online and found [this](http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/cyclothymia/basics/symptoms/con-20028763) and it felt right. Maybe I have it? My mom is bipolar and has a boat load of other problems so I know I inherit stuff from her... Idk, I'm kinda just blabbing right now.
Anyway, I found this and after reading that top comment, it made me feel like I wasn't completely alone anymore. I know I have my parents and my girlfriend to back me up (and a couple of friends, even if they don't know the whole situation), but I just feel like they are saying what everyone says, "Stay in college, you'll be happy you stuck t out.""Don't worry, I'm here for you.""Go make yourself feel better. Eat, workout, read." I know They are all right and I love them for it. It's just... sometimes I just want some one to say, "It's okay for you to feel like this. It's okay to drop out. It's okay to yell and scream and freak out. It's going to be okay." My gf said that earlier and I love her for it. It's just sometimes I feel like I need a psychiatrist that won't take anything personally. If I tell them to fuck off and I want them to go away, they won't. Cause I don't mean it. I'm just so angry... with myself, with what I feel like is no control, with feeling like shit, with... just everything...
I know there are people in worse positions than me. My dad's friend for 20 years is in the hospital for something they don't really understand. There are kids here in the US that are abused, homeless, and deserve more. I understand this. Which makes me even madder at myself cause I feel like little b**ch who is freaking out because his life isn't what he wants it to be... This isn't who I planned to be... who I want to be... who I want my children (if I live long enough to have them) to see. 
Sometimes, I just want to lock myself in a dark room and never come out... So no one has to deal with me and my bs anymore... I held my chef knives up to my throat today... it was so simple. All I had to do was pull... but I couldn't do it. I just couldn't... I know it's selfish but I'm not thinking it like that. Sure the sadness will be here now, but once I'm done, I can't cause anymore disappointment, anger, sadness, false hope... I just want someone to understand and say, "It's gong to be okay. You don't have to have do this anymore. It's going to be okay."