I cant see myself living a life like this I really think suicide is the best option.This my third time posting anonymously(yes im that weak) about my whole situtaion of having permanent ed that requires lifelong cialis use. Long story short i was a virgin didnt know I had ed but my erections would never last past 30 seconds (i thought this was normal) unless constantly stimulated I can keep them for however long I want. I also have trouble getting hard from making out or really any other stimulus that isnt direct contact with my penis. So that made trying to lose my virginity really difficult so I went to a urologist to confirm my suspicion of having a venous leak(theres no cure for this) and basically was told if the cialis worked id be using it forever. Well it does work and thats how I lost my virginity after months of religiously scouring the interent to find out what was wrong with me and contemplating suicide every day, all while trying to keep it together with literally the first girl ive kissed since the 4th grade(im 21btw). I told her immediately when I found out my penis didnt work and started crying(im pathetic) and to my suprise instead of leaving me right then and there said we would figure it out together. I felt truly blessed to find such an amazing human being. I told her the whole cialis diagnoses which again she was cool with it and its been working every time i use it ive been splitting 20mg pills in half. The thing is though I hate that I cant do what almost any other guy can do naturally, Im developing serious body image issues I used to work out 3-4 times a week on top of my manual labor job. I actually wanted to become a powerlifter or something of the sort but now I dont feel like a man at all anymore I feel like nothing like an alien basically I cant look at myself in the mirror anymore and I usually skip showering until its time to visit my gf I hate seeing my own reflection that much. Working out took a huge sideline along with any other enjoyment I used to get out of life. I also now I have serious ocd with constantly reading erectile dysfunction stories on the internet to find someone in my shoes whos making the best of it. But these thoughts, these disgusting nagging thoughts that make me so tired and scared and sad and just feeling dead constantly play in my mind atleast every 5 minutes from when I wake up until I sleep. Thoughts like every guy has trouble getting it up the older they get your only 21 imagine when your 40? Your fucked. Your like a nice car without an engine whats the point in even exercising your deluding your girlfriend and most importantly yourself. You literally have to pay to have sex your pathetic. You cant even talk to people in the super market how are you gonna get a good job with health insurance to cover your cialis when you finally move out of your parents house? And my favorite your already dead, you know your dead, your world will never be the same your just wasting oxygen because your too afraid to kill yourself. And im right I am too afraid I dont want to die but this insecurity(which ive never had before, social anxiety yes, but I was always confident in who I was as a person) is eating me alive. Ive told my gf none of these feelings ive been having shes lives on her own in apartment independently thousands of miles away from her original home from a young age and doesnt need the added stress of this imontent cry baby. But its terrible because were falling so madly in love and im turning into this disgusting self loathing piece of shit and the last thing I want to do is hurt her. Truth is I may be the best person shes ever been with but im broken physically and mentally and its only a matter of time before the cracks start showing. I feel in the short time ive known her shes already given me a lifetimes worth of happiness and id rather end it all on a good note before my condition possibly gets worse or I start becoming a deprressive loser around her to. My life consist of work sleeping as long a I can to avoid those thoughts, looking up erectile dysfunction stuff online and my gf, thats it. I cant play videogames anymore, I cant watch tv, netflix etc I dont feel human, having ed at such a young age is so surreal every time I sleep I almost wish I wouldnt wake up. Im not alive anymore I died after I figured out im broken and half a man. 