too many regrets, too many attempts to changei am a 24 year old male
i have spent most of my life focusing on school despite the fact that I have always felt it to be meaningless.
since elementary school I have hated school - not because of the social aspect, but because it seemed so fruitless. Why was I sacrificing relationships, fun, hobbies, and now I've come to realize, a significant part of my youth to be a better student.
While I do not completely regret this because I did well and got into a good school, my deepest regret is that I did not stick with a sport.
Still I despise school because I feel like I learn more on my own with the time - it's no secret that the education system is flawed. I wish I had listened to my heart because it has always been right. I was told that don't worry middle school will be better; don't worry high school will be better; don't worry college will be better, etc. I think I'm over most of this, but it's somewhat relevant.
I sense that there is something fundamental wrong with the world we are living. There are no worthwhile challenges and I fear I will be like most people who spend their youth daydreaming of future wealth. Then I will grow up and regret this as money is just paper with ink on it.
I've tried many things to beat my depression I guess. I've served in the military (despite not believing in the wars), I've volunteered as an EMT, I've travelled, I've been in relationships, I've been on zoloft, I've been to therapy.....
But none of this has helped, I know enough now that my problem is internal, and can only be solved as such. 
I want to bear more responsibility than what is offered to me, I want to be a father, and a husband not in my senior year of college spending my nights doing assignments and anxious about the future job prospects.
I want to be a participant in life, not an observer.
I feel guilty that I don't enjoy what I am supposed to be grateful for.
I wanted to drive my car off the road today, but I wasn't sure it would kill me.
I didn't leave my apartment until 7pm today, and haven't talked to my roommate in probably 2 weeks
I think few would miss me at this point
I have distanced myself from most of my friends many of whom live in other states and the ones I have locally I do not see often, on purpose.
I have had 2 different girls in the last year ask if they could live with me and another one tell me that I should move in with her. They were attractive, but I didn't want them to see how miserable I really am all the time and I couldn't convince myself that they actually liked me.
I'm not really secure with myself either. I don't think I have an ideal body and I don't think I'm smart enough. I think I could have both if I had the time to read the books I wanted to read, and exercise as much as I wanted to.
I have social skills, but don't actively seek out friends because most people cannot talk 10 minutes without subtly bragging about their accomplishments. I feel fortunate to have met the few genuine people I know - but most of them have so many problems of their own, I don't want to burden them with my problems. I have no one to discuss my problems with. Whenever I hint at a problem with my family, they offer some advice but it always seems cliche. which makes me think they have no idea how fucking depressed I am. I remember once when I was in elementary school I told my mom I wanted to kill myself and she got angry, so I haven't really talked about it since then.
But when I think about it I'm not even sure if I will be less depressed if say I am finally satisfied with my body and intellect. I will always have the regrets that these insecurities have caused (missed opportunities).
I was going to kill myself today but I somehow convinced myself that things might get better. I know this is a lie, I have been saying this to myself consciously since I was 16.
When I was younger I watched my little sister get sexually molested by our babysitter (a male) and I haven't ever talked to her about it. I'm not sure if this is relevant or not - because I don't ever think about it, but when I was in therapy I was encouraged to discuss traumatic experiences. This might contribute to the deep guilt I feel everyday for existing. Since I only have myself to blame. Even when I'm laughing I want to kill myself. I don't really expect anyone to read this whole thing. no one ever seems to take me seriously when I talk about depression b/c it doesn't fit the textbook crisis and I don't act dramatic - but I have always had a mild feeling of depression and whenever I am actually happy it's such a breath of fresh air that is quickly gone because I inevitably begin to wonder how much better my life would be if I always felt this way. so it seems I will never be happy for very long. I don't really know what I'm looking for, but I'm beginning to scare myself with how seriously I am contemplating suicide.