All done fooling myselfI am tired of fooling myself.  I am abnormal.  This has been true for my entire life and will not cease to be true.  I am not a real person.  I don't feel or connect or exist like real people do, and I am not going to start.  This is not a problem to be solved.  

I do not connect with people, and I do not matter to them.  They are not cruel, or not all of them.  They are not refusing to be close to me or failing to see my good side.  This is not a matter of finding the right person or having more success in dating.  I am over 40 and have never been close to any person.  Not rarely, not 'not enough'.  Zero, none, ever.  I have not had that first kiss or first date or first anything.  I don't even know what those things mean.  I have only the vaguest notion of what people feel or why they do what they do.  I understand that I am supposed to do those things, and I have the insane desperate urge to be close to someone, but I am incapable of it.  

I am starving, and you might tell me the world is full of food, but I have no mouth.  I have no means of getting what I need, not because everyone is so mean or cold but because I simply do not exist in that sense, I am not eligible for that sort of thing.  You may doubt it, you might assure me there is someone for me, and there might be but it would do no good.  The only person I ever loved was my mother, and after she was done beating, manipulating, tormenting and then abandoning me, I was left as nothing but...this.  This thing, this empty non-person who does a poor but passable imitation of a human.

I dared to dream of something more, after decades of solitude and misery I allowed myself to hope, and that was a remarkably bad idea.  I was better off dead, better off in the grey nothing that I lived for so long.  Today I saw myself.  Today I saw what I am and the utter absurdity of my pathetic hope.  I saw with clarity what and who I am, and I am all done fooling myself.  I don't know why I was destined to be the one who lived and died alone, but that is the reality.  

I don't expect anyone to understand.  You can't, because if you did you would shoot me yourself to end this twisted joke.  You can't say this is the right thing to do even if you think so, and you probably can't think so.  Fortunately my existence is not subject to democracy.  If you think I should keep trying you might want to think about why.  The rewards and joys of life are not there for me, and won't be.  There is no person anywhere that loves me or ever did.  I didn't matter when I was a child and I certainly have not become more valuable since.  I want to be clear here: when I say there is no one, I don't mean there are few or that they don't love me the way I want.  I mean no family, no friend, no person, not one, not anywhere.  This is not just how it feels or seems right now, this is how it is.  

I wish I had done this decades ago.  But I guess I had to find out if there were any chance, any way.  Today I saw with clarity.  Just a few minutes ago I called and quit my job.  Tomorrow I go and obtain the means to end this idiotic joke.  