Friend wants to end things - I don't know how to stop herSo I recently met a girl. She's about 4 years younger than I am, (22-18). We started chatting and hungout a couple times. Found out we know a lot of the same people, I mean we live very close. Two weeks into the relationship I felt she was looking for something more than I was, and I told her it would make more sense if we didn't pursue a serious relationship. We talked a lot, found it was a lot of misunderstandings, but she started to get very depressed that same day, talking about not having anything to live for. I drove to her house, comforted her the best I could and decided we could try to see where things went. That was a month ago I think. We've been having fun, but the age difference was starting to be more and more noticeable, and our personalities did not go very well together. There was more drama than needed in a month long relationship, and yesterday after a long talk I again told her I didn't want to lead her on and said we shouldn't pursue it further, hoping to remain friends at least because I do like her company.

This time, things went way worse. Without going into too much detail, she started going on again about having nothing to live for. But the biggest part is her past. She made questionable decisions in her past that and she feels like a shitty person. What she did was not bad, and it definitely doesn't define her as a shitty person. No harm to others. She won't accept that she's not a bad person and the past is the past. Doesn't care about anyone's opinion but her own. I spent about 7 hours texting her nonstop back and forth, and then 2.5 conscious hours on the phone after she said she was going to end it. I found the call lasted 4 hours, but I couldn't keep my eyes open. Also, she said the only reason she wasn't hanging up was because I threatened to call 911 if she didn't answer. I didn't get the feeling she was going to do anything irrational last night any longer. She said her plan is to OD in the future, or let her medicine give her sepsis or something. I have no idea what to do here. She won't answer me. She wouldn't listen to anything I had to say, other than to fight against it.

Holy shit she just answered my text while writing this, but I need some help with this. I can't just let her do this. What can I do?