I'm not actively killing myself, but I'm also not stopping myselfI don't feel numb, sad or happy, really. I'm just here. I don't feel empty, I just feel hollow. I'm not taking care of myself. Yeah, I shower when I can, and wash my hair twice a week (has about no oils), take my medication and brush my teeth at least once a week (yes I know how bad this is). I haven't cut myself in almost a year, and I haven't actively tried to kill myself for as long as well. I haven't binge-drunk since January, because of my stomach and my family not having anything worthwhile.

I'm calm but my moods are all over the place. One second I want to hug, and the next, physical contact hurts, physically hurts. People touching me anywhere, without consent, is nauseating.  I have PTSD. 

I'm on medication which could easily give me a stomach ulcer. I'm on medication to help combat that, and also on other medications which add to the first. Honestly, everything is straining my other problems. 

I have eating disorders. I've had them since I was very young, around 7 or 8, because my dumbass wanted to be famous, and at the time we were watching The Biggest Loser, and I thought that was the way to go. I started just binging on everything I could get my hands onto. This meant that I never developed to know when to stop eating. I can't help myself. If there's food infront of me and I'm full, I will still continue to peck at it and try to eat it. Luckily, my metabolism kicked in and my body adjusted to it, along with my regular exercise, so I never really gained weight, until I got to high school and my chronic pain got worse. Even then, the highest my weight has ever been was 55kg. I developed Bulimia and Anorexia, my weight fluctuated, but not so drastically that people noticed. I didn't, and still, don't have friends anyways. After awhile I controlled it, made rules for myself and got it to a point where I wasn't starving myself for days at a time, and I stopped purging. I would once a year relapse on my bulimia, but have constant anorexic tendencies, never getting that bad, I would follow my rules to keep myself alright, there were times worse than others.
I've had a relapse, and it's been worse than normal. I'm not following my rules, and at school, I avoid eating as much as I can, and the same at home. I've lost weight, and my clothes don't fit, they're too small. My tights are getting baggy on me, I need a belt to keep my skinny jeans up. 
Another factor for this is that because of my physical symptoms, I can hide this all too well. I have chronic nausea, pain and fatigue. The pain feeds into nausea, nausea feeds into the fatigue (because I avoid eating because I feel so sick), and then fatigue feeds into pain. My joints swell and I can't walk, or really do anything. This also contributes to the weight loss, and I'm starving myself during this.
I need to take my medications with food, and I can't if I can't eat. 
I have heart conditions, and I should be careful with the medications that I'm on because it can disrupt the rate, and I'm drinking caffeine, even though it could kill me, more likely than another person.
I'm 18 soon, and everyone knows that my life is leading to nothing and I'm just going to be a drunk and a druggie. I know I shouldn't be drinking on my meds, sometimes it;s the only thing that can keep me alive. I just feel apathetic.

I know the dangers of absolutely everything that I am doing. I'm just not doing anything about it. Even if this doesn't kill me, everything is going to spiral even worse to where I can't control it. I guess that's what started most of this; control. Without any type of control, I've lost. And I'll kill myself.