Killing myself sounds like a good option, I might die soon anyway.So I'm really stuck here. To start off, I have some type of undiagnosed breathing problem that my parents dont want to acknowledge at all. I'm 19 and stuck at home because of this but my parents like to beat me up about it. My breathing problem began 5 or 6 months ago and hasn't gone away since. It has it's good days and bad days where some days its bearable and I can be out all day and somedays I cant go to my own kitchen without me being out of breath. I've told my parents about this and they keep blaming it on my long time anxiety. I've had anxiety since I was very young and when i was in elementary I had really bad paranoia. My anxiety is also a very big thing as to where I cant leave my house most times in fear something bad will happen. Well my breathing has been ok but not enough for me to go out too long therefore I'm afraid to go to school or get a job yet my parents pressure me to when I cant even stand for 30 minutes without feeling out of breath. I desperately want to get a job and go to school so I can leave this place and go live with my boyfriend and start my life. But I cant. I'm kind of stuck. Everytime i talk to my parents they remind me how much of a disgrace I am for not going to school or having a job. They are very loving but they are always pressuring me to do something which I want to so so badly but then I explain to them about my problem and they say it's just my anxiety and I'm way too young to have breathing problems. They wont help me go to the doctor so because of that I'm afraid to go to school or work and have to deal with ragged breathing. I know I can do everything by myself but my entire life I was sheltered to where they did everything for me so i only know the basics about anything related to health insurance and such. My parents also wont let me go to the doctors without health insurance which I barely know anything about. I desperately want to just be better and live normally again so I can actually get started in my life but my condition and anxiety and paranoia just keep me trapped and my parents just wont help me and blame me for mostly everything. I get it I am lazy and should really step it up but I feel like they arent putting in their part either. I really just want some help.