It’s really, all I think about.A throwaway, because friends follow my account and I don’t really care to hear “are you okay?” 

It’s all I really think about. 
I don’t plan for the future, because I don’t see myself living that long. I never have. Even when I was younger, in high school. I never planned to get this far. 
Any time I think about passing, I’m young and it’s at my own hand. That’s simply the way I want it. 

I’ve lost about 9 people to suicide in about.. 10 years now. So, really a suicide almost every year. Friends, cousins, grandpa, even my principal. I’ve started to believe it’s me. I average about two deaths a year (suicide+natural)

Today, I was at my grand fathers funeral. 
Instead of grieving for him, I was jealous of him. 

I’m young. 23. I binge drink nearly every other day, at least half a 26. 
I abuse drugs, when I can get my hands on them. Specifically Vyvanse. Any sort of stimulant. Even if it feels empty still. 

I’ve distanced myself from my family so well, I can go weeks without interaction. 
I have two friends, they’re neat. 
Well maybe, because one of them is incredibly depressed and some times verbally abuses me— I’m sure to make himself feel better. 
But their happiness is not worth living with my misery. Maybe that’s selfish. I genuinely don’t wish to hurt people. I just don’t want to continue. 

I have an ex boyfriend, he comes around about once a month— whispers sweet nothings, and then vanishes again. 
It’s my own fault, when my child hood best friend hung himself this past summer.. I didn’t really handle it well. I just tried to escape my own reality, rather than deal with his death, I searched for a new reality. 
I cheated.
I was being selfish, and searched for something that didn’t feel real because everything else was too real. I’ve always had a talent for avoiding things.
So my boyfriend left. That’s fair. I don’t deserve him, I should’ve just been an adult and handled my shit. 
I was just in pain so I went around hurting other people. That’s pretty lame.

So now After 3 years together, a few different apartments and a dog, I’m a mere cum receptacle. A toy. An ego boost. I’m familiar space for him to retrieve into. He comes home, gets his fill, and then leaves to enjoy his life being single. And trust me, he’s enjoying it.
While my heart aches, every moment, every day. 

I realize that’s all I am to anyone though ever, just a means to an end. Used to make other people happy. I’m comfortable. I’m support. I’m always there. I make people smile. My ex says I’m “so lovable”.

I don’t want to be that dumb bitch that kills herself over a boy, because that’s not what this is. 
I cannot stand living with myself. I feel bad for my mom, because my mom has a big heart and feels things incredibly deep like no other human. I’m sure everyone feels their mother is unique. 

I drank a ton of tequila last night, and took more than a few clonazepam. Which was dumb, I know. 
Did I mention I’m bulimic? Yeah so any time anything hits my stomach my body now instinctively pukes. 
It’s like pavlov’s dogs. Classical conditioning. 
Being bulimic saved my life lol that’s funny. 

I’m tired. I don’t want to be. 
I want to be buried in red.