Printed it out and thought I might as well post it here       This is going to be a long and unsatisfying letter for both the writer and the reader. Nothing will be explained to the satisfaction of either party. This the first and smaller of the two apologies that this letter is going to contain. I’ve always wanted to be a writer but the deadly combination of wanting ideas to spring from my head fully formed, laziness, fearful creative paralysis, and of course not having talent or the ability to improve myself is going to make this a very verbose, poorly written, and self- obsessed writing experiment.
       From when I was very young I always thought I never explained things enough. I’d say a joke and realize I only said the punchline and forgotten about setting anything up. I was confused why no one appreciated my weird disjointed punchlines. It took a while to realize that it wasn’t that I wasn’t funny (which I wasn’t) it was simply that I was bad at communicating. I had to summon so much social effort and ball up both fists to get even one sentence across and then only afterwards would I realize that I picked the wrong one. But writing I can have all of the sentences that I want! Nothing to stop me, impossible to misinterpret.
       For a very long time I’ve debated the, I suppose, ‘moral flavor’ that is attached to suicide. It’s gone on for so long that I’m not so sure it’s an argument anymore, it’s more of constant in my mind, an excuse to ideate and fantasize without worrying that I would. Honestly at this point I have less distinct memories of myself and actions that I’ve undertaken than I do have a memory of a general wash of dread over my life. The image of me sitting on the edge of a chasm, legs dangling below, kicking my feet, and staring down. Wondering if I would, wishing that I could.
But back to the argument. I was trying to discern from what wellspring of the mind that suicide might spring from and be committed with. The argument, to me, seemed like it came down to two possibilities. It seemed to be an action taken in either cowardice or bravery. Right away I knew I might be the only person in the bravery corner of this fight and while I can’t remember what the argument that I made for it might've been, so many years later that it was a falsehood. A comforting lie; a justification to myself.
       I still don’t feel particularly swayed from where I stood but I don’t call it bravery anymore. I see it as the ability to admit the truth; a constant awareness of the trend of your life. A cold decision to pull a trigger when faced with the lies of hope. But maybe this too is disingenuous, dressing up an any action as cold and emotionless, as undertaken by a computer. Idealizing something as done with great clarity and sense of will when in reality it is almost always performed under the duress your mind. Sadness, emptiness, futureless, loneliness, all the bitter hounds nipping at your heels and herding you towards disconcerting thoughts.
But maybe it does take a little bit of calculation, a taste of bravery, to be able to look at your life and you within it. To admit to the fact that you hate it and that you’re unable or unwilling to change it. You know what you could do, what you must do. The actions you could take that while maybe not making you happier would at least be able to help you to minimize the unhappiness that’s present in your life. And year after year you ignore the plans that you’ve made and stoppable pains of life grow larger, continuing to push their way into your skin. You can say it’ll get better, that a switch will flip one day and make you happy, make you successful, show you the love and friends and perfect life that has been hidden in the corner just out of sight. But that never comes because it never can. The world can’t get better, the world is and you are. If there is a disconnect between the two of you then the impetus is on you to fix it. If you don't - if you can’t- then who’ll listen when you shake your fist at the sky?
       And in saying all this I know I can’t. In all my life I can’t remember a single moment where happiness has worked its way past the walls and managed to sustain itself. The joke loses its humor, the party ends, the day dream gives way to the needs of life. Everything to distract myself from my own problems, my own happiness. There are things that I can do that would help to marginally improve my life; work harder, follow dreams, tell those I care for that I do. But I’ve gone so long with the awareness of these solutions that I wonder if they’re possible at all. Laziness and idiocy are a part of me, my impotent work ethic can’t match my dreams, and for all that I care for certain people it never seems to be returned-- and why should it. So why should I consign myself to an unhappy 60 more years when I could have an eternity of nothing at all. No pain, no anxiety, no worry, and no loneliness. No more happiness, sure, but that was something closed off to me anyway.
I wasn’t driven to this point by any one person or chain or events. This is something that I’ve wanted and fantasized about for years; maybe for all my life. Some of my earliest memories (kindergarten?) are of me lying awake at night having panic attacks over the existence of god or about How I was supposed to pay taxes in 20 years when I was only a dumb child today. There’s never been a season of levity in my life. And hey, now I get to use the tragic excuse. Bad grades, poor social skills, laziness- wave a magic wand, sprinkle in some respect for the dead, and they’re all explained away as me having a tortured soul. In death you can pretend I was something better; something other than a sad shitty person refusing to stand against themselves.
       There might be people who feel wronged or saddened by this decision that I’m making. There isn’t a reason for that. You might feel the shock of the news, the conditioned response of sadness and surprise to the news of a death but no one should feel any long-term pain from my passing. My time on earth has been a net negative for those I’ve spent it with. The amount of times that I’ve alienated, insulted, or rubbed against a person in the wrong way readily outweigh whatever microscopic, incalculable good that might have existed in my wake. I am a frictious person, some say toxic, most
will just say asshole. Take it as penance for the pain I’ve caused, move on, be happy. I create no good so my absence means nothing, you should feel nothing and be glad for the breathing room. You could even frame it as a selfless environmental action; I feel so cut up about my carbon that I’ll end it all.
        Some might still want more than that. I’ll send some final thoughts to those I think would want them. Truthfully, they might feel worse for it; either the inequity of the words, the specificity, or their absence. It’s more for me anyway; I want people to know that they didn’t go unvalued by me. I hope it doesn’t make you think that my psyche rested on your shoulders. I want it to show you what you meant to me. Thank you for the brief sparks of happiness that existed in my life. They usually sprang from you (the royal you).