Ex Girlfriend broke up with me, didn't even wait her own guideline timeframe for us to start being friends again before she started seeing a guy I trusted her not to date. Sent her a very mean message about her behavior in a suicidal episode and instead of trying to help me she calls me a gaslighterAbout a month ago now, she started avoiding me. Told me she needed space to think about things. It was really heartbreaking. We tried to discuss things as maturely as possible (sometimes it got bad) but overall it went well. She cited first that her anxiety disorder was getting in the way of our relationship too much. It didn't make any sense; she always told me I was everything a partner should be, but was suddenly blaming me for not being there when she needed me most despite telling me I was perfect. Then her reason seemed to change to just not reeling the romance anymore. We officially broke up much to my heartbreak about three weeks ago now, with the guideline that in about three weeks we'd start trying to be friends.

A couple days ago, she messaged me that she didn't mean to, but started dating someone else. Someone I really trusted her not to date, who I'd met myself. That she wanted me to know so that I wouldn't think this was a long con.

Not only could she not exercise the self control to not see someone else before trying to be friends with me, but she had to start dating this specific dude.

I fucking flew off the handle. I'd been trying to play by her rules, but I couldn't any longer. I was looking at my ceiling trying to figure out how I could hang a noose. I was wondering how I could grab my brother's gun without anyone noticing. And so I sent her a really vile message about how much she's broken my trust and wounded me. About how I might not have been the best to her in her anxiety, but how she always condoned my behavior and that this sudden turn of events with her anxiety retroactively wounding her could not possibly be worse than me staring at the ceiling trying to figure out how to best kill myself. About how she broke her own promise of trying to be friends with me. About how she broke her promise that she'd take her anxiety treatment seriously if it ever did end up damaging our relationship.

I furthermore very heavily chastised her for finding a replacement for me. This dude doesn't just look like me. He acts like me. Before this, she wanted us to be friends because of our similarities. Its like someone made a cardboard cutot of me for her to run off with instead of tackling our relationship issues head on.

I needed to do this for myself in order to not die, even if it got ugly.

I told her how I was blocking her number and facebook messaging until she started acting less callous about every aspect of this situation, and she just full on blocked me. I relapsed and checked her twitter, and she indirectly called me a gaslighter, and posted about loving her replacement so specially.

And then the suicidal thoughts just kept coming back. I can't keep them out of my head. How can she be fucking serious? I *never* manipulated her feelings against her like that. Sometimes I could be insensitive, and sometimes I handled her anxiety attacks poorly, but I *never* before had weaponized her anxiety against her. If she was being mean to people as a result of an attack I would tell her her behavior was poor, but I never tried to twist her mind on her to bend to my will. I always tried my best to be as good as I could for her. For Christmas I bought her an anxiety blanket that she forgot she asked for. I'm not a saint, but I fucking cared. And despite all that, whenever I'm literally considering suicide and admonishing her in this state of mental fracture and need for survival, my pointing out of her failure to keep promises and constant praise of my behavior... amounts to me retroactively being classified as an emotional manipulator?! That's what it fucking boils down to?! I'm looking for ways to die, and in my worst emotions ever my sucidial thoughts amplifying every inch of my pain amounts to me gaslighting her when I point out her lies and false promises?! I may not have been able to handle every anxiety attack like she needed me to, but she told me I was handling everything great and promised to take it more seriously if it was destroying us, and she broke her promise. I now know I could've handled some things better, but how the hell am I a gaslighter when I did everything in my power to help her?! How the hell am I a gaslighter when 99% of the time she's the one who would talk about it causing problems in her life?! I barely ever brought it up!!!! And when I did, 50% of the time she fucking THANKED me for successfully helping her!!! I'M NOT A FUCKING ANGEL, BUT HOW DO I FUCKING DESERVE TO HAVE ALL MY EFFORT TO HELP AND HER PRAISE OF MY EFFORTS TO BE REDUCED TO THAT?!?!?

I really didn't feel like giving her an apology, but I sent a small one pointing out that I wasn't a gaslighter and that I was seriously mentally fucked up from her and just needed to stop playing by her rules for my physical and mental safety at all costs, but that in the end I wished her the best. I didn't want our four years to end on the most sour note possible.

My friends and family have been doing a decent job of keeping me afloat. One of my friends is coming to hang out tonight. Another told me earlier that everyone is on my side. I'm feeling a bit better, but the thoughts just keep coming back. I can't believe that you could be responsible for making someone consider suicide, and in the middle of their episodes treat their suicidal thoughts as nothing more than a planned out emotional manipulation. I can't believe the girl who was planning to marry me could so readily reclassify me as some chronically evil and manipulative person. I keep on thinking about how maybe she'd believe me if I just went through with it. I'm running on four hours of sleep right now because I just keep thinking about it.

I know I'm not a saint, and I may have handled things poorly in that state of wishing for death, but I don't deserve to be feeling like I should kill myself to prove to her how serious I am.