I cant but I want to everydayI think about it everyday. I have multiple full proof methods. Painless and quick are my preferences. I also have a decent career, twin 3 month old babies, and loyal wife who is also an excellent mother. 
Anyway, I'm constantly feeling these thoughts, I drink too much to forget, and I take prescriptions to stave off the hangovers. It sounds stupid and cliche, but even when I've stopped my meds and stopped drinking, this overwhelming apathy envelops me more than usual, and I can see it affecting my relationships but I feel so tired to do anything. I'm selfish and narcissistic to my core. I have a sense of self preservation which overshadows any semblance of ethics or the greater good, yet I crave praise from my peers and have this urge to please others and be liked. If anything its low self esteem with a sprinkle of hope for the future. 
As much as I can claim to want to do better for my kids, i know if things end now they wont know any difference for it, and it's somewhat of a relief. They wont know the difference and I wont be a blip in their memory. I don't want to be their father that killed himself but I cant do this to my wife. I cant leave her and do that to her, but I still keep thinking about it. These thoughts have gotten stronger as I've taken more responsibility in my life and it feels as though I'm caught between a rock and a hard place. I may be just a short term thinker, but it seems its all I can muster to make it through the day only to endure the next. I don't want to  be the distant father who barely acknowledges his kids and I dont want to be the workaholic who sacrifices his  wellbeing for financial gain and stability. I'm so deep into my own career, both in age and student debt, that it's not a viable option to explore other potential paths.
I want to get past this sense of self hatred and just go back to an easier livelihood.i look back on my teens and early twenties where I had minimal responsibility and reminisce and yearn for it, but I know I still felt the same way then as I do now and there's no relief.
I've fucked my own personal brain chemistry via meds and alcohol. Im Not the person I was 5 to 8 years ago, maybe it's just an aging situation, but my habits and vices have only gotten worse since then and contributed to my unhealthy and self destructive lifestyle. I cant seem to care about anything and when it comes to myself I'll make decisions that specifically work against me. 

I'm so unhappy, but I cant just leave my wife and kids. In the long run I know they will be fine, but it would be so stupid and selfish of me to put them through such a difficult situation due to my own personal issues. So far my only solution is so to sacrifice my own well being to ensure their own and nullify the bad feelings with meds and alcohol. I just wish I could make these shit feelings go away or atleast produce better more enjoyable feelings that will take hold on the long run.