No one will ever love me, so why not just save everyone the trouble and rid of myself?My head is full of impossible things and it is driving me insane. I close my eyes and I'm in a different world, one that's full of imagination, beauty and wonder. Reality deeply saddens me, and I realize why so many others choose to end their own life.  

Insomnia drove me here. What is wrong with me? Why doesn't anything or anyone work out with me? Why do I pretend to be happy and satisfied with life, when in fact, everything and everyone is wrong? 

People are disposable. Remember that you will die alone in the end. Everything will pass. Despite this mentality, you still go out there, hope that you'll meet your knight in his shining armour. You've been blinded by them and fall straight into their arms, until they drop you into the cold, hard ground. 

It's all the same. Don't ever hope for something more. Don't ever be optimistic. Both good and bad things will come and go. Nothing is permanent. Keep telling yourself that.

But why is there always a speckle of hope at the end? Despite the negativity, pessimism and your coldheartedness, you want someone to pull you into their arms and make you into a better person. 

That is why you fall for any kindness. Any generousity, affectionate, understanding, loving, considerate person you meet, you'll fall head over heels for them. You're so pathetic. You take their kind nature, convert it into a sign of interest, and become infatuated. 

I've been rejected too many times now. People say that their hearts have been broken into a thousand pieces, but all that's left of mine are ashes and dust. 

What is going to happen to me?

Late nights like this, I sometimes really wonder if it's worth it all. According to God, I will spend the rest of my life in Hell for eternity. Buddha says that I will be reincarnated into another living thing depending on my life as a human. 

How am I as a human being?

I used to be kind, naive, considerate. What the hell happened? With every disappointment, my old self crumbles away and piles up. Maybe I'll be doing myself a favour by ending my human life early to avoid causing any more trouble and/or harm. I can't live like this for a second longer.

Why am I here? What am I doing here?

Out of the trillions of particles and cells, why was I created? Why am I alive. 

I am so lonely. I wish someone could be next to me right now, telling me that it'll be okay, and that he loves me no matter what. I always deny wanting someone, but if anyone says that, they never fucking mean it. I wish I weren't so obsessive every time I find a potential someone, but I am desperate now. I just want him to hold me in his arms so that I can peacefully fall asleep. I want him to tell me that he will never leave my side and kiss me good night.

But I'll never have someone who wlll tell me any of those things because no one will ever love me that way. I don't want to live alone in this world anymore. 

 