I don't know what to do.I've been having trouble with suicidal thoughts for several years now, I can recall the first time I ever tried to do something like kill myself was when I was around 12 and thought stabbing myself in the throat would be a good idea, before I realized just what I was doing and stopped.

I'm almost 20 now and the thoughts are just coming nonstop. Over the past few years I've been getting so much difficulty just doing normal everyday things that I'm meant to do. I just feel so heavy all over and I know there's nothing wrong with me. I hardly ever go out except to go to school. Currently I have only one friend that I actually see sometimes but he's on the other side of the country for school and we hardly ever text. The last time we met was November of last year.

I know this is going to sound really rantish but I need to get some of this shit off my chest... When I was around 15 or 16 I was going through a bit of a rough time since my parents were making me see a bunch of doctors I didn't need. Because I was kind of snappish with them they made me see a therapist who then recommended a psychiatrist and some more tests. And then because I was kind of awkward and nervous around the lady testing me she told my parents that I had Asperger's. Since then they don't even talk to me like I'm a normal person, but like I'm mentally handicapped, even though they spoke to me just fine before. They even told my older siblings (who have moved out) that "it's so hard living with a mentally disabled child, you have no idea what we have to go through" even though I'm normal.

My father constantly tells me that I am fat and disgusting, that no one will ever want to be with me and that I will amount to nothing because I'm fat and stupid.

And since I was very little I've been having thoughts that I should have been born with a dick. I know that sounds absolutely disgusting but I managed to push it away for a while but over the past 8 or so years the feeling has gotten so strong I can barely stand it, and it makes me absolutely sick to think about it. 

A few months ago when I was drinking alone in my car to get away from the house I was texting with my friend, the one I mentioned earlier, and told him. I looked back on the messages the next day and I really wanted to die. He didn't seem to mind but I don't want him thinking I'm disgusting. I don't want to lose the only friend I have.

With each passing day I just feel like there's less and less of a chance of me getting out of my situation. I don't want to see a therapist because I know I'd never be able to say any of this embarrassing shit out loud. I don't want to bother anyone anymore. I don't know if I should be relieved or frightened that the thought of dying finally doesn't scare me so much anymore.