homeless disabled tiredI'm very tired.

When I was younger I always dreamed of living forever because I wanted to see how things turned out in time. Now there's not much that surprises me.

I survived years of severe psychological abuse with a healthy dose of threats and physical violence sprinkled in. I worked long and hard to make peace with it on my own. It took a lot just to say it aloud - that it was abuse - even though I always knew it mentally. When it came up naturally In conversation I began to be honest because I believe silence feeds into the culture that allows it continue. Of course to most people even one unemotional sentence about it was infuriatingly taboo and meant I must not be over it. 

I tried to put myself through school and did well but in the end I couldn't afford to finish as my deteriorating health had to take priority. I spent YEARS looking for the cause of my health problems all the while being told because I looked young and  healthy it must be metal. Eventually my rare conditions came to light but not before what little self worth I had was decimated. 

It's hard to feel like you belong in the world when your every waking experience is dismissed in same breath someone meant to help you tells you they care. It's a cognitive dissonance mindfuck. I'm in constant physical pain. I've been cut off from my calling and can barely function. 

I'm only still alive because of an ex who helps me get to treatments (which I feel immense guilt for) and a much younger sibling than who I worry about a lot. Every day is agony and I can't even talk to a shrink about feeling suicidal because I will never be institutionalized period. There's a difference between wanting to end prolonged agony and impulsive suicidality. My abuser also specialized in CBT so that also adds a whole other layer of fun. 

Ive exhausted every resource and I can't even get a lawyer to take my disability case. Hell the state board won't even give me names because I'm homeless. I've lived in near-total social isolation against my will for over 18 years throughout my life. 

I don't want to see another day. I want the pain to end. I just for once want to find a place I belong, am understood, and am loved as an equal without pity or a weeping heart telling me how fucking brave I am. 

I can't find a lawyer to take my disability case and I don't think I can survive four months just to get to an important doctor's visit that would only be step 2/10 in getting disability. 

Finally I can't even talk to my ex (the only one who's stood by me) about things because it wrecks them. They can't handle the thought of me being gone and I can't handle comforting them when I need comfort one more time even if it's selfish.

I'm tired. 

