No matter how hard I try I keep getting a no and I feel worthless, I seriously need help.Sorry for the long post ahead I wanted to give detail to the situation

I have been trying to have a relationship with this girl that I have become in love with. A little bit of background of me (actually alot). I never before had a real relationship. When I was in elementary school I lied about having a girlfriend so that I was seem cool but the crush I had got a boyfriend so I got kinda sad. I had a few friends including this girl which I will talk about later. In middle school I got attached to another girl. She liked me and asked me out but me being stupid said no and regretted that decision by the next day. Within two months she dated my best friend from the previous year before. I believed that if I waited they would break up. It didn't. They stayed together all through high school and I got depression for about two years trying to not talk to anyone because I was scared of loss. Eventually in My Junior year I started to like this other girl but she didn't seem to like me as much as I thought. I asked her out once and it was nice. I asked to be in a relationship and she said no so I tried my best being nice and showing her that I am worth it. Eventually I walked out on her in 2 months because I was ready to give up and I was tired. It became normal to be evasive towards other people and led me to avoid people for years which now I really regret. It also made me very paranoid of others and what they are thinking and what they may say about me or that I may come too close to them and hurt myself. After I have left the girl in my junior year I hung out with my friend from elementary about two weeks after. She comforted me and we even did some biting and other physical things. Yet she didn't wanted to kiss me or be in a relationship with me. I eventually let go of her because she was not interested. She got a boyfriend at senior year and then I got sad once again and started hating myself. Along with these relationships that never worked I had three instances where there was crazy women whom tried to use me. From eight a girl tried to rape me with her older sister trying to record it. Another who tried to run away pulling me into it (when I tried to help when I she told me her parents were abusive (they weren't)) by using me willingly to go homeless and work for prostitution. And the third one which tried and I instantly noticed and pushed away from me as quickly as I could before she could do any damage.

Now I am in college. Woo! Now I can get away from all those people and live a different life, a new start for me. I started to try to talk to others so I would be functional in the future and be able to have a new identity. Within two days of the university, before classes even began I saw this girl and I thought she was cute. I tried to talk to her and thought maybe I can have an actual relationship with this wonderful woman. Within about a month I confessed and she said she wasn't sure. So I waited. And waited.... But I saw her happily talking one to one with another man in the cafe. Instantly I thought she didn't like me so my evasive tendencies came and I avoided her for about a month. Afterwards i was feeling horrible continuously thinking about her. I over exaggerated the situation in my head and hated myself for assuming things. So I gushed out my feelings after that months saying sorry over and over and she didn't want to drag me she said. Over the weekend she told me that for certain she cant imagine us being together.She said she will still talk to me though. Her statement broke me. I cried like a bitch for hours in the shower. The next day I talked to her though because I thought I would just be making the same mistake and that she said that because I ignored her for a month. So I talked to her again and gradually it got better again and we exchanged presents at month 4 at the end of the semester. I put a note in the present telling how I felt like shit about what I did and explained my evasive tendencies (but vaguely said it was others who used me) along with how I really like her and that I was truly willing to change. 

We talked back after the winter break and had good conversation. I brought up about texting and she said she didn't like me texting her every night and day during the break. We then had the conversation about our relations to each other about a week later. I tried many things to be more attractive to her from funny, charming and self made pickup lines like "its chilly outside isn't it? Good thing you're here because you brighten my day and and warm my heart more than the sun ever could" and being more considerate and a better listener as well as do things she liked. But recently she just said no. That all my characteristics weren't attractive to her and that the decision doesn't have a meaning just like she likes blue for no reason. I keep asking her and she keeps saying the same thing and basically I confess everyday and try to be the best I can be for her. But she wont give in (and is not interested in anyone else yet) and that even though I will wait she will someday be with someone else. I'm frustrated. Why cant there be anything specific I can do so that I can fix it? What is wrong with me? Why doesn't anyone ever love me? If i put my heart and soul and truly do whatever I can for the person I fall in love with shouldn't I at least be attractive to the other person? Why does everyone reject me? I keep asking myself and I only get more frustrated with myself. Of course with these questions I start to ask really how valuable I am. Would she really care if I die the next day even though we hang out everyday? Do I really matter? Is there fundamentally something that off puts me from ever being loved? Why? I started to develop very dark thoughts in my mind and started sleeping more. I started crying just from seeing two people I knew holding hands who probably had a much easier time being in a relationship. I feel so pathetic and useless and the only thing stopping me from killing myself is that there is my family at least at home who truly care enough about my life and cry if I were to commit suicide. 
I have to fix this. I am in college and this is driving me crazy and limiting my ability to work and eating away at my life. If anyone can please help me with any solution i'll gladly listen.