What should I do? It seems ending all my problems could be the easy way out.Hey Everyone,

Don't know where to really start but, I recently again had suicidal thoughts and felt like attempting it to end all my misery. I mean, the way I felt, I thought that with all that I have to put up with, it would be so easy just to end it all by attempting to commit. 

I mean, I always knew that I suffered from depression, but when it came to seeking help or telling anyone, I didn't.  In ways, I was "trained" not to tell anyone about my problems and learned to just bottle it up and for people who read this and see 'bottled up', they can already tell this was already going down hill.  

By "trained", as a child growing up I was physically and mentally abused by all my family members and was given the idea that I was the problem, that when they took it out on me, it was because there was something wrong with me. Over time, I learned this wasn't true, but when it came to talking about anything about me or what I was dealing with, I had a hard time doing it and didn't really want to talk about myself or what I had/have to put up with.   

With the physical and mental abuse I endured, in ways I had to thank them.  If I didn't go through what I did, I wouldn't be able to handle the things I put up with now. 

To kind of move forward with why I feel like the way I do now, I did some research on some of the symptoms I have and this helped me realize that I needed to talk to someone or seek help.

With Depression, the signs I show:

sadness, irritability, sleeping problems, lack of concentration, physical pain, suicidal thoughts, and crying spells.

The reason I've decided to come here to talk about this was for various reasons.  One being, I have tried to open up more with people I'm around...but I don't feel like they're really listening to what I'm saying. Another reason being, I know there are a lot of people out there who are going through what I'm going through, even worse..so I thought I should give it a shot here since people on reddit usually have good insight about various subjects.

There is a lot more to this..being the issues that are causing me to feel this way now and other things..but I'll leave that for you guys to ask. 

Thanks for taking the time to read this. :)