Never thought of getting help but I just feel real used by most of my friendsDon't get me wrong I love the shit out of my friends I'd take a bullet for any one of them any day but I don't feel like they'd do the same. One of my friends I'm trying to get with and she's trying to get with me, sounds pretty simple. But she has an Instagram account dedicated to half nudes of her which makes me feel like she doesn't really love me because I've said I'm not getting with her if she has that up which is pretty reasonable to be honest. She also won't hold my hand or kiss me in public and shit, she makes up random reasons I think the last one she said was "I want us to last and I'd feel like bad if we don't so I don't want anyone to know". Which like.. what? I mean does she not love me enough to risk anything? My friends on the other hand just don't seem like they care about me. Sure they call me all the time, and every time they call me my heart skips a beat because I love them right. But I pick up and they just give me a "Yeah can we crash at your house tonight we're at a party." Like thanks dog no problem, I don't wanna be an asshole so I just give them a room and just sit in my kitchen and listen to music and eat and shit like that. I used to be a really happy guy, like really happy, and I never "believed" in depression because I couldn't wrap my head around what it was like to feel worthless but now I'm known for being "chill" but I just don't talk because I can't bring myself to open my mouth. My friends came over the other day to "chill" and I just flipped on some music for them and made up some snacks because I love them and I want to believe they love me. But after I just left them in the house and wen't outside to look across a field outside my house with a beautiful mountain in the distance just peaking above the trees, it's the only thing these days that can make me happy. But today was different. I looked at the mountain that usually brings me such happiness and I felt nothing. So I took a chain and tied one end to a tree and one end to my neck and tried to hang myself. I'm not proud of it. The branch broke.. I sat on the ground with a chain around my neck and felt disgusted at what I just tried, I mean my family would lose their minds, my friends, even though I have my  doubts, would be sad, and I would've failed as a human because I never had kids. Look I used to be a real happy guy, I was one of the boys we used to get drunk and party all the time but recently I've felt completely worthless. I can't walk next to the highway anymore because I don't trust myself not to throw myself in front of a truck or some stupid shit like that. I want my old life back so here I am asking for help because I have nowhere else to go. I'm not even 20 I shouldn't be feeling like this. Thanks to anyone who's reading this. And thanks to anyone who replies &lt;3