Im so stressed :(21 and male suffering with patchy hair loss and really have tryed everything, since it.forst started about 1/2 years ago doctors told me it was stress and that id grow it all back naturally but that was not the case they also.tryed me on multiple shampoos. I got more and more patches on the back of my head and around the sides at first it wasnt too noticeable but then I started to get jet black patches growing (was nice light brown). So I panicked and booked a consultation with a dermatologist straight away , they also quickly dismissed my case saying it was stress IM NOT STRESSED!!! I was having a great life , regularly at the gym and always happy. Then if It couldnt get much worse the top of my head started majorly thinning and shedding and also small circle black patches of hair were forming there too !! Under light my once thick hair was now see through and started to really itch now its al over and very itchy with small spots occasionally so I thought ill see a dermatologist again surely he cant ignore this but I was wrong he really didnt care.at all and it felt like I was awnsering all my own questions. Now I am stressed my life is ruined I cant.go out without a hat or hood and im devastated by it. I tryed the full head shave and absolutely hated it I really dont suit it, now my eyebrows seem to be shedding and spots are getting worse I mean how much more do I have to put up with? What do I do ? I spend all day everyday looking for help but cant find it im so fed up with trying different things , ive changed my diet tryed so many medical shampoos from my gp , tryed coconut oil , regaine (minoxidil) , and vitamins including zinc, tryed eating plenty of veg and high fibre foods and yet its just carrying on I cant seem to find anyone whos hair turned black !! Nothing not a sentence. Why is it happening :( can anyone relate please I just.want my life back its affecting my relationship now because.im so upset all the time I feel discusting and I know I look stupid. I couldnt even watch my child at her school play because im literally house bound I feel like dying whats the point anymore if no one can help and im just going to be left to rott away then maybe I.should just do myself a favor and end it quick because im so stressed its unreal.