Sliding back into depressionHello guys,

my name is Fabian, I am 19 years and come from Germany.

Even tho I'm not really that suicidal, I hope it's okey to share this here..

I write this cause I need to get this out of my head and maybe need someone to hear it.
It is 20minutes after midnight and I can't sleep at all.
Since a while now, I have the feeling that I slide back into depression.

At age 14 I went to the doc because I wasn't able to handle my life anymore, I had a social phobia and depression (probably cause of that). After 2 years of therapy I was able to say "I am happy again". It was awesome.
I got a girlfriend for the first time after therapy and everything got better by the day.
My GF split up, it was hard, but with that experience I learned so much for my life, that I am very well able to handle it.

That is 3 years ago now. On Thursday I will turn 20 years old..it kinda hits me hard.
It's not like the thing with my ex still gets me..but thinking about my life just gets me.. When I tell people I'm 3 years single, it's funny and "dude, get yourself out there again"
I kinda want to, but when I like girls, I have fears to get closer with them.. I don't know how to overcome that.. It's like I don't want a relationship anymore cause my life gets harder by the day.

Other points are how I got friends, but still have a hard time, to get friends close enough to talk about problems..and I need that a lot.

See, I am so far out of my social phobia, that I hate it when I'm alone, I love to be around people now.
I play in a metal band since a few months and it is freaking awesome.
But everytime I think about my life, I feel how I slip back into my depression.. I try to get a reason, but all the things with girls and stuff, I really dont think that this is my only problem.

Sometimes I just think, once you were dperessed, you will never get completely out of it.. that I will have to deal with it my entire life.

Yesterday I hit an all time low, I got completely wasted at a party, and from a nice little drink with happy thoughts, it went all down to myself wishing to end it again.
Since a while the thoughts of ending it are coming to my mind sometimes. I dont remember, but it seems like I talked about how "shit my life is" "how I want to end it" and threw my money away, my phone..
I don't know anymore.. my writing here is kinda confusing I imagine.
but I have to get this out..
how can my life go downhill like that? My life should be awesome!

There are more points, like, work is absolute bollocks right now..am at a job I hate because I have almost nothing to do all day.. apprenticeship will go on for 2 more years before I can switch..

but other than that, how can I be so sad all the time again? :(
When I'm home from work, I meet friends almost daily, it's fun.. but back at home, my thoughts get really messed up..

I don't know anymore.. something needs to change, but I don't know what..

Thanks for reading