She left. I'm lost.Since my girl of 2 years left the other day with all my money I don't know what to do...

We met 3 years ago, and hit it off immediately, bear in mind I was 18 as was she, I'm mature for my age because of what I've been through my whole life, what I've done and what I've dealt with... We were perfectly happy together at the start, in fact I don't think I've felt that good since my dad died. I'd been out of a relationship for 3 months and she was the prettiest thing I'd ever seen, and she liked ME... I'm not used to it, I have pretty shitty self esteem, she didn't judge me, just showed adoration and happiness, it made my worthless life something, before her I was nothing. 

Eventually I found out about her demons, her family who treat her like a slave and bullied her her whole life, her dad walked out, her mum beat her, her sister abused her and her only friend was her other sister. She moved in with me shortly after it kicked off again... 

Her family never liked me, attempted to get me arrested a few times, attempted to hurt me a few times...

Eventually me and her started argueing as all couples do, because of her lies, and hiding stuff; such as meeting guys behind my back, clubbing, getting drunk with ex's etc... even went so far as to one time hit her, I didn't want to but I couldn't stop myself, not anywhere dangerous, just the leg. But I felt terrible... Cried myself to sleep for weeks. 

Because of this I started doing it more, as it scared me, and when I'm scared and losing control of a situation I lash out due to fear. Eventually I decided I'd try and help myself, however it was too late, she walked out on me, I told her we'd sit and talk and fix things, but she hadn't felt the same since she moved in, even though we were fine then... 

Me and this girl had a life, we were engaged, looking at houses, driving, both had jobs, we were doing so well for ourselves considering we were 20 and 19... SO well =/ Then it all went tits up because she decided to leave, and her sister who had threatened me, had me nearly lynched, called cops on me multiple times was going to come get her... I flipped out, grabbed my knife because of the guy she was bringing with her, terrified, so I sort of sat in fear of my life as he was meant to lynch me, in the kitchen, she stormed past me, I grabbed her and one thing led to another, and she thought I was threatening her...

Due to the confusion and heat of the moment I forgot the knife. I scared the love of my life off. Even though it was salvageable to that point.

I'm lost, I need help. Because the night she left I tried to kill myself with a gun. However the weapon jammed, and the moment passed, I'm afraid it's going to happen again. I am so terrified of everything right now, I just need help. Work is stressing me out, these drugs are helping a little but not much, I have a 2 week wait for councilling and I'm not sure I'll make it that far, what should I do? I want her back, I miss her... It kills me thinking that some other guys hands are where mine belonged, someone else is kissing her where I did. Someone has probably replaced me, and it is terrifying... Honestly terrifying, I feel like while she's off having fun, (she said she was upset; so I took her a cuddly toy, flowers, chocolates, a get well soon card, sleeping pills and an advent calander, paid for her train to another city to see her sister for a while, and even went as far as to block her on everything so she can heal, but I'm not healing, I want her to know how I feel. I don't know where to go from here...).  

I've tried everything. I just want to die now. To rest and not worry about everything, I just need some advice, what would everyone else do in my situation? 

She said she wants to be friends, but that never works, and everyone knows it, it'd kill me seeing her with someone else... It kills me even hearing her name or seeing her face =/ She said she loves me still and misses me, but I want her back, more than anything... I'm scared in case it all gets worse. I want her to be happy, but I want to be the reason she's happy... Someone PLEASE help me =/ I'm lost and worthless without my gal. =/ She made my life what it was, helped me so much and made life worth living...

I did everything for her. I helped her reconnect with her dad after 15 years, I helped her get out of the domesticly violent situation, I helped her love herself again, and in doing so forgot about myself. I don't know what is happening to me. I don't know why I can't just get over it. I know shit happens, but this is killing me inside. Please help Reddit =/ Advise me as best you can or I fear I'm lost.

p.s. before the hate, she proposed to me. 