Debating checking into ER (again)I've posted here before but always deleted quickly after because I was too scared of judgement. I'm reposting from earlier on a throwaway. At this point I just need to get my thoughts out in the open before I do anything.



So quick backstory, I was diagnosed with bipolar II and borderline personality disorder a little more than 2 years ago. For years before that I dealt with (and continue to deal with) severe depression/anxiety, self harm and eating disorders/body image issues.



I'd also had (and continue to have) substance abuse issues, with varying levels of severity since my early teens (exacerbated by a troubled childhood that contained a lot of emotional, physical and mental abuse). Lately they've been worse than normal and since February this year I've been off my medication prescribed by my psychiatrist. I'd been off them before since approximately November the previous year to January but I was involuntarily admitted to a crisis center/psych ward after a suicide attempt on New Year's Day and promptly put back on them.



I tried killing myself because I'd made a lot of very poor choices that resulted in me losing a lot of my freedom through legal issues, losing my career of 3 years (I'm young and had had the same job since high school), and the love and respect of a lot of my friends and family. I was beyond miserable and apathetic about life and while extremely intoxicated I tried making my way downtown to find an under-construction building that I'd previously scoped out. I was stopped by police on my way over and taken to emergency psych where I later was transferred to a short-stay crisis center and subsequently released back into society with a plan of action that I unfortunately didn't have the resources or skills to carry out.



I'm not complaining, they were definitely helpful. I'd been using very heavily the past month before I got admitted and simply having a stretch of sober time and being on my meds helped. I stopped taking them because the cost became prohibitive as I was on welfare for a while and had difficulty affording them, and later when I relapsed and started using again I prioritized my drugs of choice over my meds.



Anyways, months down the road I'm where I am today. I'm on the waiting list for an inpatient rehab program that's supposed to be 4 months long. The entire time I've been on that list I've been struggling. I recently sobered up from a week long bender and I've been in very low spirits. I spent the last of my money on drugs, and apparently while I was intoxicated I blacked out and did something at my friend's girlfriend's house that caused him to get my buddy to drive 4 hours from home to get me. I'm beyond upset and since sobering up I haven't been able to eat or sleep. I've been having nightmares and extreme anxiety, I've been seeing things in the shadows and I haven't talked to anyone since I got home. I guess that's why I'm posting here right now, I can't really talk to anyone I know personally so this is the next best thing.



I'm supposed to start a new job Monday but lately I've been too depressed to get out of bed. I'm worried that I won't be able to hold down a position, and for the last month I've been having serious and consistent suicidal thoughts again. For the last day and a half they've been very strong and I'm worried about hurting myself if I don't go somewhere safe.



I know that my drug abuse and mental illness both feed off of each other. Whether I'm sober or coming down, neither of those things positively impact my mental state. I haven't really had enough sober time since I went on my meds to really tell what my normal mind is like anymore. But I know that at this point I'm ready to do something drastic if I don't go somewhere safe.



I don't think there was really much point to this other than venting a bit and putting my plan to get help again into words. I have an appointment with my therapist on Friday but I'm worried that I might not make it that far if I don't go somewhere. I guess the next step is to pack a bag and go to the ER. As much as I don't want be locked up for weeks again, at least I'm in a state where I'm capable of choosing to get help instead of going through with killing myself.



There's not much more too it than that. Thanks for reading and I hope that this might help someone else who's contemplating going through with their plan to go somewhere safe instead.