blah blah blahI'm 29 year old female, I can't spell, nor do I know proper grammar. I have done many things in my life and I'm not good at any of them. Im mediocre at a bunch of stuff but none of it serves me or anyone else. I have no children, I am hardly in contact with the family i grew up with. I serve no purpose. At this age with my leave documented intelligence, Im likely to spend the rest of my pathetic life working at Safeway or McD . Till I finally die alone with, know to notice for weeks. Without even a cat to eat my face off.
So I know theres not a lot of point. Im ready to not be missed. Rather than dragging it on to know end. Im not afraid of a restart and id be relieved if it real did all just end. Truth be told Im a pussy, I have been this way so long I could should not drug it out this long. 
I have been fucking up every relationship i have with friends and family. Know one seems to understand i know how hard it is to deal with me im me all the time. I dont know the difference between being stoned and be depressed, and being drunk and being happy. 
Its not social acceptable to be drunk all the time. And im stoned every minute of every day, so thats why i cant tell. im sad whenever im alone and so when im stoned so much of the time im sad the two are becoming the same.   
 So ya the point is Im a worthless shit head. I feel selfish for taking up room on this beautiful planet.
If our society could be open to people, being.... just done. Maybe it would not be such a burden. You could through a party people could say good bye. It could be less painful in so many ways. You would not have to feel as selfish. people get so mad.I found this area of reddit on my birthday a few days ago. I wanted to kill my self but did not have the proper tools. I thought the internet might have stories (ideas) about how other had done it a home. Somehow reading stories from people who wanted to kill themselves brought me down then. I been over the edge tonight but the writing helps for now. 
when i stop being such a pussy yall aint going to hear about it, but thanks reddit. blah blah no one cares, sorry good night.