I think the fact I can kill myself is the most comforting thought I've ever hadI feel fucking terrible. All the time. All the goddamn time. Everything I do, everything I try fails miserably. Everyone I get close to has ended up hurting me in some way shape or form. It's as if all the abuse I suffered as a child was just a set up for the rest of my existence.

There's a line in "Girl, Interrupted" where Angelina Jolie's socipathic character berates another character and shouts "You've changed the scenery but not the situation!" and that is how I feel about EVERYTHING.

I moved cities, went to a great school, got a job that paid really well, have great roommates (most of the time) and a lot of friends. But I still couldn't find the motivation to get out of bed in the morning. I failed out of school, my job was mentally and physically exhausting and my friends all fell by the wayside because I was too difficult to stay in contact with. 

I changed jobs, tried reconnecting with friends who have given me a lukewarm response and now I have more spare time but no one to spend it with. I'm terrified of making new friends because I can't shake the feeling they're going to betray me or make me feel even worse than I already do. Both of my roommates are in long term relationships and their boyfriends essentially live with us, and it just destroys my self esteem and drives the loneliness home that much harder. 

I've tried re-enrolling in school but financial problems are keeping me from being able to do that. I just feel like everyone else is living their life and I'm stuck here failing miserably at everything I attempt and I want to die. I even stood on my roof for a while, just looking down and thinking of how nice it would be to jump off. I don't think I would ever kill myself that way because it would be messy to clean up for others and there are a lot of children in the neighborhood, but I've been considering other options.

TL;DR I'm a total fucking failure and even the people I consider close to me make me feel terrible about myself unintentionally and I feel like it's never going to end