I went to see a psychiatrist today. He spent 15 minutes yelling at me.Last month I was going to kill myself and for some stupid fuck reason I didn't. I let someone talk me into not doing it. I got sent to a hospital who then kicked me out with a 1-800-SUICIDE hotline and a $400 ambulance bill. No one to really talk to or anything. One of them mentioned a mental health place that I've been going to, but that's not helping much either. The guy I see (Bic) had set up an appointment with a psychiatrist for today. Now I've been depressed for my entire life. I'm 23 years old and I don't remember a singular day I've been happy. 

I get in to see him and he's 30 minutes late. Whatever, it's fine. He has to travel to this tiny town to even help people. Whatever that's cool. Then he asks me my information. I give it to him, birthday, name, etc. He then asks for my Provincial Health Card number. I tell him I don't have one. He then launches into a huge tirade asking how I expect for the services to be paid for and what not. I tell him I don't and the whole thing is just a clusterfuck and I had explained this. He yelled at me some more asking why I didn't have one if I've been here for months. I tell him it's difficult to get and I didn't have the necessary proof of residency. He complains some more then changes the topic. He asks why i'm there. I explain that Bic set up the appointment. He says "So you're fine?" I say "I'm depressed everyday." "But you're not suicidal?" "I have no reason why I haven't killed myself when every day I want to die." Then he yells at me some more about how I should have told him that ahead of time and I'm just wasting all of his time there today. 

Then he asks about family history of mental health issues and when I can't give him any concrete answers other than I think my mother was on prozac about 10 years ago, he launches into me again saying I should have had this information. Never mind the fact that my family is estranged from me because I'm gay. 

To wrap the whole fucking bow up, when he gives me a prescription (which I can't fucking afford) he says "If you're feeling suicidal, just try to not act on it. Call 911 if you need to." AKA do what I did last time and get another $400 ambulance bill for being suicidal. 

I went in today with a tiny amount of hope and got met with absolutely fucking nothing. All I got was yelled at. WHY THE FUCK?! What did I fucking do to deserve all of this? I have no one in my life I can talk to, I'm totally fucking alone. Now I'm getting yelled at by someone because of something thats out of my hands? 

I'm afraid I'm going to kill myself tonight. I just dont see a reason not to anymore. I was looking forward to this but even he's screaming at me. 

why