28, have never had a life, I want it to be over so bad. When is it enough?Hi guys, I’m just going to lay it out since my writing goes to hell when I’m in this sort of state. I’m 28, I have suicidal depression, social anxiety, general anxiety, self harm, I’m 100lb overweight (down from 200lb), horribly abusive family and last but worst, OCD (tactile hypersensitivity, to make a long story short, the inability to tolerate feelings like the seams in clothing has gutted my life).

Because of the above reasons, high school almost killed me. Shortly after graduating and after a particularly bad family fight I got on a train and moved cross country to the west coast, hoping that distance and a big new city would give me the chance I needed to live a real life. 3 months later I found that separation anxiety from the abusive family was crippling me with panic attacks and I moved home. I really can’t explain it other than, we’ve all seen the cops tv shows where the woman is battered and bloody and refuses to press charges on the guy that did it because maybe if she does just the right thing, maybe then he’ll love her? Its like that I guess. So I came home. I had enough sense in me to know I couldn’t come back to my family’s house so I moved in with extended family who was close. They treated me mostly the same and after 4 years of that (long time I know, but punishment is what I know) I took off again to the east coast with the same hopes of a real life. Falling apart this time at 4 months and coming home, this time to the original family house. I’ve been back for 2 years now, and its worse than ever. I spend 22 hours a day in a room in the basement crying from panic attacks and cutting myself to shreds. The other 2 hours I face the family which gives me enough punishment to do another 22 hours here.

I don’t ever see it getting better for me. I’ve run to both ends of the country and failed both times. If I make it long enough, I’ll run again, but I know how that ends. I just got a disability letter partially approving me, but I don’t even care because even if I could get the money to move myself away, it would just be another room to sit and die in…until the anxiety drove me home again.  The only thing I even really want in life, honestly, was a relationship, someone to love and be loved by. Having never really felt it before, I have it so built up in my head that it must be wonderful. But being 100lb overweight, having no career and no money, and social anxiety that leaves me shaking and sick if I even try to say Hi to someone, I don’t think I’ll ever have that. And if I can’t have it, there’s no real consolation prize that is worth staying around for. I’ve wanted to die since I was 14, I’m utterly ashamed that I’ve spent 14 more years wanting it and not doing it while making almost no forward progress on fixing myself. 

And I have tried to fix myself. I’ve been in therapy for 7 years. Been on 2 dozen anti depressants. Tried every support group I’ve been able to. I’ve got a self help library that will thrill the local library when they inherit it. I had bariatric surgery and lost 70 of the 100 pounds I mentioned before. Nothing has ever removed the lump in my throat, every morning that I’ve woken up for 14 years has hurt to realize I’m alive for another day. 

For the first time in my life I got a reprieve 3 months ago. Its crazy but bear with me. After reading a study from johns Hopkins on magic mushrooms treating depression I tried it myself and got similar results. Within 2 days I felt what I imagine normal happy people must feel like all the time. I wasn’t sad, I was just ok, and after having been sad most of my life, being ok was the best feeling I’ve ever felt. I still had all of the real problems I listed but I felt like the sky was the limit, I was going to work my ass off and fix these things and surely within 2 or 3 years I was going to have that life I spent so much time fantasizing about. I bought a bike and put 1000 miles on it in 2 months and lost 30 more lb. For 2 months I didn’t cry once or use a single ativan for a panic attack. It physically felt like there was a burden lifted from me, being alive didn’t feel like walking through mud anymore. 

But optimism alone doesn’t save you when everything around you wants to tear you down. Christmas kicked my ass, my family had no tolerance for this new up beat person and worked double time to hurt him. It worked, I lost the grip I had on my new happiness. At 3 months, I tried the mushroom thing again and it has not worked as well as before, maybe a little, but then I’m still writing this letter tonight after all. Its left me heartbroken, to have seen the light and had it pried out of my hands. And what is there left to try to get it back? Which by the way is my most important question here, what do I have left to try? I’m 28 with nothing, even if I had that happiness back and it stayed, I would be 30 something before I ever had a life. And I don’t see how someone can make a real life at that point, it would be more of a patchwork Frankenstein in the shape of a real life. Anyway, I’ve droned on too long anyway, sorry for beating you with a wall of text if you’ve made it this far, I can add to it in replies if needed. I just need to know, at what point do we cash in our chips and figure its not going to get better so lets just stop the suffering? How does someone in my position, this late in life, salvage anything worthwhile out of it?

TL:DR  I’m 28 and have never had a life, too broken to make one and treatment is not healing me. At what point is it too late?
