I'm sad and the lights have gone out.Idk if this matters, but 19 year old female in post-secondary school.  diagnosed double depression, social anxiety, eating disorder (anorexia restricting or nos, it's being debated), bpd (which is also debated), ptsd (being debated with bpd and complex ptsd), generalized anxiety (don't know why psych hasn't mentioned this).  Self harm but not currently active.

Today I did something I never thought I would do again; I turned out the lights.  Since September, I have been unable to sleep in a completely dark room due to some scary experiences I had been having.  I have very bad insomnia, and at the time nothing was working.  I would be stuck in state of extreme tiredness but mind too active to sleep.  Nothing seemed to help.  My mom gave me Nyquill to try in addition to my prescribed sleep meds that the doctor couldn't change.  The nyquill helped for a bit, but it got to the point I was taking 3-5 sips a night (which is about 150mg-250mg of the drug).  It became too expensive and i switched to the pill form which was cheaper (sleepez) which also didn't help.  So I kept taking more and more to the point I would take up to 11 a night at 50mg just so i could sleep for a few hours.  Of course, this isn't healthy, so what I was essentially doing was overdosing to the point of getting weaker and eventually passing out every night because it was the only way to sleep.  When I did this, I would hallucinate.  And would lie in bed terrified of the creatures and figures that would appear in front of me.  Since then I have had sleep meds switched multiple times (still not helping) and I have not fallen asleep without a light being on since.  I was too afraid I would see them again(as ionly saw them in the dark) so I would have a light that would light up the room enough for me to see around it on everynight.  I always feel the need to lock my door and close my bathroom door (not completely, with a tiny crack in it) at night.  I haven't been alone in the dark since then.  Until tonight.

Tonight I was lying in bed feeling overwhelmed about life and how I realized that there would never be a happy ending for me.  There never was going to be.  I told my boyfriend I wanted to have a break for a bit, in reality I would just like to break up with him but I feel like his depression would get worse if I did.  I tried breaking it off many times over the time we have been dating.  But he always convinced me to give him another chance.  All along deep down I knew it would end in disaster.  I always knew I would die soon, and I didn't want him to be even more hurt by me.  I do love him, but he's holding me back from the one thing that will bring me peace.

The best moment of my life was last September.  The moments before I woke up in the hospital.  The moments where I couldn't see anything.  I was comatose.  Unresponsive.  Couldn't breathe and my blood was poisoned, my stomach bleeding from the inside.  I had attempted suicide, which would have been lethal if I had not been caught in time.  I don't remember doing it.  I don't remember the feeling of dying or the feeling of someone discovering me (conscious) or the emt's taking me away.  Nothing.  I wish I knew.  When I woke up and realized where I was.  My first thoughtr was "I was so close"  I was so close to achieving what I wanted for so long.  It was perfect.  Not feeling anything, having no thoughts, no worries for a while?  I wouldn't trade that for the world.  Yet I was forced back into a nightmare I have been living in for years.  I guess you can say I'm resentful of that.

But the doctors think I'm doing better, thats what matters, right?  Everytime she says im doing better and i just stare.  So I must not be as bad as I was before?  Yet all I want now is to die.  I want this all to end, and I know how to do it.  I've been prepared for a while, and have just, I don't know, not had the motivation?  I guess I've been too tired and sick and I'm tired of being sick and tired anymore.  I'm tired of having to keep up with conversations or activities I found at least semi interesting in the past.  I barely go to class, I mostly lie in my bed and use the computer.  And that I don't have paticence for anymore.  I can't concentrate, my stomach always hurts and im starving, but I don't want to eat because I'll be fat and ugly, but if i don't eat my headache will get worse and I won't be able to sleep.  But my head always hurts and I can't sleep anymore.  What's the point?  

The light is off and I'm stuck in the dark, and I don't think that light will ever turn on again.

Tell Brendon I love him.  And that I always loved him.  Maybe in another life we could have had our happy ending, but it's not this one.  Tell my family I loved them all, and that I'm sorry.  My snuggle buddy will need someone else to sleep with now.  Don't let them make her sleep alone.

I'm not afraid of them anymore.  They can come for me and I won't scream.  I won't fight.  I just ask that they make it quick and take me away from this hell.

EDIT 11:41: I'm using a throwaway because my boyfriend knows my main reddit account name.