I can't cope with having my trust violated(Copied and pasted from another group, since I really need advice) Recently, my mental health has admittedly taken a downturn. I have been honest with my friends about how I am feeling, and I have been taking steps to work on my depression, anxiety, and suicidal thoughts at my own pace. Other people knowing about my conditions makes everything a lot worse. However, I have put aside this anxiety to a degree and am now receiving online counselling, have an appointment for real life counselling, and have spoken to my GP so that I can try medication. My progress has been slow, but there has been progress. Today, I randomly got a call from social services. Apparently I had contacted 111, and now I had been referred to several different organisations in my area. I never called 111. I had to tell a complete stranger everything, and try to make her believe it wasn't me that called, which is the truth. In essence, my trust was completely violated and I am completely uncomfortable. Everything mentally just got a whole lot worse.

It turns out my so called friends arranged this behind my back. Even though I told them that I did not want safeguarding or them to call anyone for me, they violated my trust and consent. Now I am getting repeated calls from different organisations, and it's making my anxiety and suicidial thoughts so much worse. I was getting help and making my own path towards recovery. Now all that recovery feels like it's been halted. How can I get them to understand that im a human being and not a project? I just want to continue on my own path. And do they not understand that it's not okay to violate my consent like that? I want to know how to get them to understand that this is my own journey, and if there's anyway to cancel this safeguarding. Knowing my personal details, which they got from me through lying, are out there makes me way more anxious than I was before. Phone calls make me anxious anyway, and now they could be coming from anyone at anytime.

(Not copied and pasted)

I couldn't mention this on other reddit pages, but honestly it's just made me want to end my own life more. The idea that these calls won't stop (there's been three so far) and they did it without my consent is just too much. I have real issues and triggers surrounding consent anyway. They didn't tell me they were going to do this and I can't handle it. I feel like my only two friends have betrayed me, and there's nothing I can do. I can't cope with this anymore. The medication just makes me what they want me to be- happy, even though it's so so fake. I'm not me, this happy person who can't cry isn't me. But the fake me is all they want. And they still won't even respect what this fake me says