i am a total piece of shit. i hate being alive and i resent everyone in this world. suicide is the only way out of this fucking nightmare25/M ready to leave this piece of shit planet ASAP. Depressed since i am 16, been through more than 5 SSRI's, 6 years of therapy, moved countries, nothing works. Every day i am plagued by thoughts of my actions in the past, the embarassing and cringy things i did, my constant social anxiety. I am nothing i have no personality and my whole life is basically a huge lie. Few months ago broke up with my girlfriend as i cannot stand being with someone that loves me, i cannot give back that love because i have no love in me, i am just a horrible person. I broke everything up before i would fuck up her life so i am glad i did that. 

I am not a good person at all, i want to see this world destroyed. on the outside i smile and try to be friendly to others, but on the inside i criticize myself and others all the fucking time. i hate it, i hate my mentality so much. i dont know if this is BPD or what, but its like i am 10000 people/personalities combined. reading up on BPD i am too shy to manipulate or say mean shit to others, i just keep it all inside, so what is it? my final diagnosis thus is that i am a true piece of shit. Pieces of shit and evil cunts exist in this world and i am one of them, my brain cannot change.

Main reason to kill myself: I hate myself so MUCH. I hate my brain. I hate my past cringey actions. I hate my personality. If i was to say what has caused this, i would say:

1) not good treatment from parents, the way i grew up didn't make me into the man i want to be. i am too fucking weak. AAARGG

2) drugs &amp; alcohol

3) naturally fucked up depressive/anxious brain. 

i can't stand that i was brought to this world. I don't want to give up and be "happy" as this is my war against life and god and every single thing in this fucking existence. Giving up being suicidal and depressed means saying yes to LIFE, and that word is fucking DISGUSTING. I dont want to study, or work, or socialise or fuck or anything, i just want to be fucking gone.