Today, I found out that I am suicidal, again.  (I am sorry for the long post, I just want to get everything off of my chest.)

  (I am also not a native English speaker, English is my fourth language, excuse any mistakes.)

   Every day, I try to wake up in a good mood. Not just for myself, but for the person I consider my best friend. I try my best to take on myself anything that can relieve my mom from her heavy burden. My goal in life is to make her happier. That’s my assigned value, in my mind. The happier my mom is, the more value I hold in my own eyes. It’s toxic, but that’s the only relief I have in life. So, I try hard to erase anything dark from my mind the moment I open my eyes. With a smile on my face, I disregard anything that happened the previous day. New day; new me. But it isn’t going so well these days.

Every day, I wake up and strive to be better, not for me, but for my mom. I have many flaws, but I try to be better. I feel that mom deserves the best, so I try to be the best. I kiss her cheek the moment I get up from bed. I want to cherish her. But every day, without fail, she says something, or does something that hurts me. I am a very forgetful person, but lately, I find it hard to. It’s very hard to disregard things she says to me when it’s almost a daily routine for her to do so, unintentionally most of the time. But it’s even harder when I know that it’s only me, who tries to get closer to her, that gets the short end of the stick.

The day before yesterday, she said that discussing topics with me is tiresome, that she doesn’t enjoy it one bit. I know for a fact that it’s because we usually hold different opinions, and because I inherited her hardheadedness. I enjoy talking to her, I really do, I never knew she hated talking with me. Finding out that she hates it hurts me strongly. I vowed to never discuss anything with her from that day on. She also ignored me as I was talking to her about my hobby; baking. I talked to her for minutes and minutes about buttercream, all the types, all the ways to make it, how it would taste… and as I was talking, I realized that she isn’t listening. She is just humming “Uh-huh” regularly, and even when I switched to a completely different topic, she didn’t notice. She doesn’t even try to engage with me in the talk. Maybe ask me about the ingredients? Preparation? Cost? Anything? She didn’t even ask why I am talking to her about buttercream when everyone and their mother  know that I don’t like it one bit. You know why I want to make it? It’s because she loves buttercream. I was planning on baking a cake and I knew that mom would love it if it had buttercream frosting, so I did loads of research about types and textures and costs and found the one my mom would love the most. That’s why. I vowed not to talk to her about my hobby ever again.

Yesterday, she asked me about my opinion on a certain topic. I think I said something that shouldn’t be said. She looked at me and said “Talking to you is really a waste, \[OP\]” . That pierced through my heart. I didn’t know how to react so I just said “Okay” and left. I tried to not talk to her the whole day, as I knew I would cry if I did. I vowed not to give my opinion about anything in front of my mom ever again.

Today I woke up in a genuinely good mood. I even went to my mom and talked to her, made jokes and laughed. I made my coffee alongside my sister’s and forgot to wash the dishes. I thought I could finish some work I had to do before going to the kitchen and start preparing lunch and at the same times wash the dishes. My mom got to the kitchen before me and when I got there she started doing the dishes. She immediately started screaming at me about the dishes I didn’t wash. I told her that I planned on washing all the dishes alongside mine, and asked her to let me wash the dishes. She continued screaming and I continued asking her to let me wash the dishes. She refused and kept showing me every single dish of mine that I didn’t wash, and as she got to a pan, and she showed me how dirty it was. I told her I could wash that, and that was when she hit me with it, hard. She told me to get out of her face, and that I was going to be the reason for her death, that I am worthless. I vow to never talk to her except for necessities.

The worst thing that she ever did to me, though, is belittle my emotions. I talked to her about how the sexual aggression I suffered through between the ages of 8 and 15 made me feel dirty and worthless, maybe that it’s the reason of me being unhappy about my body and my diminishing self-confidence. She laughed. She said that I am using that excuse as a hanger, that I hang all my issues on that one occurrence in my life. All this and I still never talked to her about my hyper sexuality, that even though I am abstinent, the childhood trauma left me with an over-sexualized view of this world. I didn’t talk to her about my fear of judgment, that one day if I was found out I would be ostracized. I didn’t talk to her about my internalized, endless, depression, that I always force myself to be happy, that rarely do I feel genuinely happy with myself. I did, though, talk to her about my suicidal thoughts, and she, again, laughed at me and called me weak. She called me a failure when I failed my first year of med school because of some health issues, that I will never succeed in life, that I am her only child that failed miserably in their studies, ever. When I confronted her about it, she said that I took it out of context and that she meant that I will never succeed in life if I wasn’t serious enough, yet I remember clearly and exactly what she said; she looked at me, smiled and said “You are a failure, you will fail the next year, too. You will never succeed”. 

I feel worthless. I am disgusting. I failed in my goal of keeping my mom happy. I am, indeed, a failure. Today is the first time ever that I feel in peace with the idea of suicide. I will lose nothing if I go. I will leave no mark. My mom will be happy. Of course she will be sad for a few weeks but she will never have someone to enrage her, to argue with her, to be rude. I am riddled with flaws. She deserves better. If I die, everyone will be at ease.

I love my mom. She gave her all to us. She sacrificed her career and youth for us, to raise us. She said that her only investment in life is us, her children, that her key to happiness is us, that we are her world. But am I wrong to think that sometimes she’s heartless? She is the most caring person I know, yet sometimes she says some stuff that break my heart. I don’t want to distance myself from her, I love her too much. I know I am too weak to commit suicide, that I know it’s wrong, but it scares me that I am feeling okay with it. I never felt okay with it. Now I am okay with it. I shouldn’t be okay with it. But I am okay with it.