Any suggestions? Disappointed gay loser seeks escape from crippling depression and fearI’m new to reddit. If this post attracts any attention, I’m sure it will come from trolls. I'm not a sympathetic person. I've had a lot of advantages in life. I'm sure this post makes me sound like a privileged asshole. But I’m still desperate for reasons to live. Will you please give me reasons to believe it’s worth it?

**My situation:**

\-27 year old under-employed lawyer who has been applying to jobs for over a year; passed two notoriously difficult bar exams; applies to a dozen new jobs a week, and despite many interviews, I’ve landed no offers.

\-After living happily and independently for much of the past decade, I’ve spent the last year living in my childhood bedroom, sharing the house with my retired parents-- quiet, cold people who can’t hide their disappointment. I borrow my mom's car on the days I work. 

\-Even with two jobs, I make less per month than I owe on my student loans and health insurance, and my savings are down 75% since I lost my job last spring.

\-My boyfriend dumped me two weeks ago; I met him when I was a law student and he was applying to law schools; I wrote his application essays and encouraged him to stick to his plan in moments of great doubt; he wound up going to the same law school I attended, where he is thriving in a way I never did; a few days before he dumped me, he got a very prestigious job offer that I could never have dreamed of landing, and he got it using a fictional essay I wrote for him; I’m bitter and angry about the timing; I feel used and discarded; we were long distance for most of the relationship-- not a great dynamic despite many visits-- but he was my closest friend, and to lose him now, as I face the deepest, most discouraging stretch of my life is debilitating to say the least. I want him back, terribly, but whenever we’ve spoken, he’s lukewarm and ambiguous. I don’t know if wanting him stems purely from love or from a longing for stability. 

\-I’ve lost touch with all my friends, who either live on the opposite side of the country, or far from the place where we grew up (and where I’ve had to relocate to live at home); they either don’t know my situation or are shocked by it. Those who know never cease to remind me of how much potential I have, yet here I am, in my parents’ unheated dining room, sending out a desperate plea for help on an anonymous internet forum.

\-Sometimes I'm social, but I always hide my gloom. In those moments-- usually dinners or parties-- I'll pack away my problems and play the part of the confident, goofy friend; I listen to people's problems; I try to be helpful and encouraging; one person recently told me I was the life of her party; other people tell me how funny I am or how their partners privately really like me even if they don't have the courage to tell me; it feels good hearing this at least until I remember what they've encountered is me playing a role. I don't feel like the person they think I am. Not at all. 

\-The world is in free fall. Bigots and liars run the government; the natural world no longer follows reliable patterns; justice isn’t rewarded even on the rare occasion that it appears; half the time I talk to another person, they just want to sell me something; everything comes in plastic wrap and looks the same; cars are ugly; clothes are ugly; restaurants sell little portions of greasy crap, which they expect us to share with everyone else at the table; I don’t understand how popular music or dance works; I stayed up the other night to watch the Oscars and predicted every big win, though I thought few of them were deserved; the stock market is rallying endlessly and I have no way of capitalizing on any of it. For a few hours a day, I just stare at my phone, my jaw dropped at the ways our time sucks. People my age will work harder for less rewards in a crumbling world where the culture is thoughtless and the population is understandably but regrettably selfish.  

\-I would have offed myself a long time ago, but I feel trapped by the people who love me. My parents don’t show it, but I know they’re worried. My grandma, who always had such hope for me, now can’t look me in the eye. She says she prays for me. Sometimes she’ll come over and give me fifty dollars in cash like I’m a kid on my birthday. But I’m not a kid anymore. I can’t live feeling like that’s all I am. I feel like I’ve exhausted my effort to turn around my life. I don’t know what else to do. I can’t afford to move out of here given my salary and debts. I try to develop new skills and network but none of it has paid any returns. 

\-I fantasize about buying a ticket to Paris and maxing out my credit cards on hotels and food; when my credit runs out, I’ll jump headfirst into the river and hope I’m unconscious when I drown. In a sense, that’s already how I feel. Unconscious and drowning.  (Sorry for the melodrama.)

**What would you do? How would you take the arc of a life like mine and bend it up again? I'm all out of ideas and I'm desperate for yours.**