I just really need someone to help me.I am past the point of ever feeling happy again.

I am 19 years old, in cosmetology school, and i live on my own. I feel ive been through more than anyone my age shouldve been through by 19.

I lost my dad to a gunshot wound by the Latin Kings of Milwaukee, i never got to have a dad 
 
I have been on my own most of my life, my mom was never really there for me and my step dad doesnt really talk to me ever.

I have never really had friends growing up. I had that one close friend but we are slowly growing apart even after being best friends for 17 years. 

I was raped at 18 by a guy i really trusted, while i was in the relationship that i am now. It really took a beating to my self worth and esteem.

I was stuck in an abusive relationship from 14-16. He forced me to isolate myself, starve myself, he beat me, raped me and convinced me I'm worth nothing and if he wouldn't get in trouble for killing my friends or family that he would. Just to make me suffer.

I have self-harmed since i was 17. I feel it will show people how little i think of myself and it is my cry for help. 

My mom denies i have problems and refuses to let me get help because its too expensive. my step dad owns his company... he makes 6 figures....

Everything to my parents that i do is literally an issue of money, i was put in the hospital while being taken off of lorazapam, and they put all the insurance and hospital bills in a folder and put them in my room to remind me of how much my "problems" cost them.

I cannot control my anger or temper. If I'm upset, nothing can stop me. I dont know why or how to make it stop.

I literally cannot trust another human being. 

I struggle with money problems because i live on my own and i dont like asking my parents for money because they make it a big deal.

I don't know how to continue living, seeing as I don't find enjoyment in anything in life anymore. 

I know my life is good, im not denying im fortunate, im thankful. I just cant cope with the problems inside my head.

I cannot keep a good relationship with anyone because of my problems. they scare everyone away and people don't want to "deal with me" as ive been told.

i feel very misunderstood in life. 

i feel very trapped inside my head.

i feel very alone as well.

i feel like im never good enough to anyone around me and they constantly remind me of how much of a burden i am.

I am constantly alone. i have a roommate who is never here, and i cant go out a lot because i have to get up so early everyday for school. 

I have been struggling with depression and anxiety since i was 15. 

ive recently been struggling with anorexia and bulimia. i dont have the drive to eat.

someone please just be there to talk to me? be my friend? help me find a way to get help? anything? I contemplate suicide daily and i feel i am very close to making it the end, seeing as i have no other way to cope. )':