Why is the idea of waking up every morning so goddamn painful?Allow me to preface this with a few things:

1. I have the most supportive and loving girlfriend in the world. High school sweethearts, 2 cats and an apartment later, and we're as thick as thieves. She's single-handedly the most incredible person a piece of shit like me could ever hope for. 


2. I've heard it all before. "Don't give up, you've got so much to live for," "How would your girlfriend/family/cats feel if you left like that," "It gets better as long as you keep pushing." I've lost the drive to keep pushing. I've pushed, and pushed, and pushed quite a bit more for good measure. Please don't offer advice if it's something resembling anything above; it's not that it goes unappreciated, it just doesn't help me after hearing it for years.


I'm fighting a losing battle with depression, and I find myself waking up and just hating myself for being here. I've been a shitty person for a long time, and done some things that would make half of you offering support tell me to pull the trigger twice. I'm tired, and what's worse is I know I'm too young to be this tired. 
I don't want to continue being here. I don't have the will to "fight on to see another day" because waking up every morning in the skin I'm wearing reminds me where I am. I gave life a good 22 year run, but it just feels wrong for me to still be here. The only reason I haven't done it yet is because I feel too defeated to stick a shotgun in my mouth and press the delete button. I didn't always used to be this miserable. I used to wake up, face the day, Carpe Diem, get up and go do the things I needed to do, come home and go to sleep. Somewhere along the lines, something set in, and it bred contempt. My father told me that "depression is a demon, and once it sets in, it never truly leaves." I've felt this way since I was 16, and no amount of therapy or medication has changed a goddamn thing. 


I don't want to leave, but it hurts too much to stay and keep waking up. Where do I go from here?.