I just want to be happyHello. I'm 20 years old and as the title says, I just want to feel happy. I'm going through a major rough patch right now. I have a whole laundry list of issues and backstory so I'll try to condense it all. Tldr at the bottom.

To start, right now, this moment, I will not kill myself. I have too much to live for right now. I have two cats, one of which I'm the only owner he's ever had and I couldn't bare to leave him or my other cat behind. I have my sister and dad. My mom died on us when I was 16 (back in 2016) which I'll get into later since it has a lot to do with this, anyway I couldnt imagine leaving my cat children behind, let alone my dad and sister who went through the grief of losing my mom. We also lost a dear friend to suicide the day after I graduated from high school, he killed himself and my sister made me swear to never do that. It's kept me around thankfully. I also have some friends I godda stick around for as well.

Anywho onto my laundry list of problems. To start I've got mild autism, it used to be more severe but my mom, my only real cheerleader throughout life, got me the help I needed. Only problem was they couldnt teach me how to socialize like a normal child, and they could t stop the children from seeing me as all kinds of nasty things. In hindsight I understand their perspective. I was quite gross back then, still kinda am but back then I was pretty disgusting haha. Also I was socially inept so I'd say a lot of stupid things and do stupid things, again still do but I've learned and can now be somewhat normal and functional. 

I'm transgender, I was born female and started transitioning in 2016 when I was 15 1/2. My mom basically told me it was a phase and it wasn't true, finally her co worker at the time told her she'd end up losing me if she didn't believe me (she has a trans daughter and almost lost her for that same reason) so in the end my mom got it together and accepted me, but little did I know I'd end up losing her. 

Now onto the dead mom subject. She passed away in 2016 due to liver failure. She slid into alcoholism and basically let it consume her, for about a year she slowly drank herself to death. Her liver couldn't handle it anymore and combined with prior health issues she died. Now I got some mommy issues I godda deal with and I'm trying but man, it's hard. It's really hard when you lose you're one cheerleader in life. The one who really gave a damn. The one who fought for you before you could fight for yourself. Poof. Gone.

Now onto the other shit, I'm depressed of course and got lots of anxiety. I'm depressed for many many reasons. Weather it be living up to my family's expectations, my current position in life that I'm currently working out of, feeling regretful of things in the past I can't let go of, being this half boy half girl atrocity (in my own eyes I know others don't see it that way, and I don't see other trans people that way. Everybody's beautiful, I'm just the exception to that lol), stuff like that. I also quit smoking cigs so maybe this whole thing is due to that but I don't know. I'm anxious about everything basically. Finding a new, more stable job. Going out there and meeting people, being my own person, etc. That's just the tip of the iceberg that's me I suppose haha 

Don't even get me started on suicidal ideations and stuff. I think about suicide multiple times a day. I have a whole plan for it and all (I won't get into it here). Will I carry it out? Maybe someday when I'm old, but for now no I will not. I get told it's the permanent solution to a temporary problem, I can believe that sometimes but most of the time I can't. I just think of all these positives that come from it, but then remember how suicide has affected my friends and family in one way or another. Hell my moms death while it wasn't suicide it was close, she drank her feelings away and never told anybody her pain. Towards the end she gave up, and I'm getting to that point too. Does that mean I'll kill myself. No. I won't. Ill stay, I'm looking forward to seeing any comments from anyone who reads this. 

In all honesty, if it wasn't for the people/animals in my life I would've ended it a long time ago. But rather than feel happy about my current state of existance, I feel unhappy. I feel depressed even though I have a great life. Alone even though I have a good family and wonderful friends and even a therapist. Anxious even though the world isnt that bad. Idk. I'm just a full on mess, I haven't even gotten into everything. The question I have is, why. Why can't I be happy. Why, in my life with all kinds of wonderful things, in my life where I know I have these issues and work everyday on solving/getting to the bottom of them/managing them, do I feel this way. Why do I feel so unmotivated to do anything even though I have so much to do? Why do I feel like I can't trust anybody with this info even though they're supportive of me? 

I just want to feel at peace. I want to feel at peace in my head. I want to feel happy, I havent felt true happiness in so long, I miss that feeling. I miss the feeling of forgetting every care in the world just to enjoy a moment of peace and clarity. I haven't had one of those since I was like 9. Before the reality of being a poor lower class kid living in a home with a single mom and overachiever sister, being the black sheep because of everything that I am. And it all became so much worse after my mom died. After my dad took us in and just didn't show me that same love and support. Don't get me wrong he loves me and supports me, he's just not very forward with his emotions. Nobody in my family is other than me which makes me feel bad because I feel like I should just be hiding all this within me. Anyway, is there any way to get out of this bottomless pit of hopelessness? Can I feel okay again? Can I feel some form of happiness and peace within me? If you've made it this far, thank you. It means a lot too me. I can't go to anybody about this for fear it'll get back to my family. They threatened to take my hormones away (I'm on hrt) if I breakdown again. Take care friends

Tldr; depressed, autistic trans guy looking for happiness and inner peace but can't find it even though he has a nice life.