Therapist told me not to call anymoreSo it's been 12 years and counting of continually worsening depression. I finally started seeing a therapist I really like and feel like I work well with about 8 months ago. I'd say it took about two before I really felt like things "clicked" in and I wasn't so intimidated by the professional environment. I am not at all the type who easily shares with others, out of a combo of crippling shyness, realizing others don't really know what to do/say/care, etc., so I basically have always been alone in my struggles. I have an emotionally abusive mother and while my dad and I are on fine terms, we're not super close. I don't really have any friends to vent to, as not many really know I have issues, and regardless, as mentioned previously, they never know what to do or say and can't babysit me, a 22-year-old. 

Anyways, after a few months, my therapist said I could start calling her. I felt so guilty every time I did because I hated the idea of being a burden and forcing her to "take work home" with her, as who likes that? I knew I was possibly overdoing it (admittedly I was only doing it maybe a third of the times I've felt super suicidal over the last few months.....but unfortunately I feel quite suicidal very often...with this event surely worsening that). Anyways, today at our session, she gave me her business card and said "this is the 'best' number to reach me on." Like ??? First of all, I really hated how passive-aggressive that was. I would have MUCH preferred her telling me that I was calling too much and us discussing that. Secondly, there is no way anyone could ever believe that her office number is her best number, as she's only in her office 3.5 days, so there would be no way to get in touch past 4pm (when she leaves) or on a weekend, or the one day a week she starts in the afternoon.

Anyways, now I feel super awkward and uncomfortable. I knew this had to be coming, but at the same time prayed it wouldn't, and also really hated the way this happened, as I would have preferred a confrontation. This really made me panic because I honest to god have no one to talk to EVER in dire moments, and honestly just worsened suicidal thoughts. And now I feel like a huge step back has been taken in my comfort level, as previously mentioned, I do not open up well at all and I feel like this has just set me back on that exponentially harder, as now I feel more like I am sitting in a job interview, meeting with a teacher or employer, etc., than a therapy session. In fact, this really has made me never, ever want to call her again on any phone number, or use email to do anything but discuss scheduling matters. I have a session tomorrow and honestly just want to cancel the one I have on Monday, which is the first time I've ever not wanted to go to therapy. I just feel like I got punched in the stomach or something.

Anyways, anyone have any input/thoughts/advice?

Thanks!