I have no reason to continue living, thoughts?Thoughts a little jumbled right now, my emotions are running high. My parents (I'm a junior in high school) are driving me home from my therapist, they are dropping me off and leaving for a meeting with friends. I was able to keep a very happy mood during the appointment, very excited for college and future, all that shit. It worked, I'm off the hook (sounds improbable, but I can be quite convincing) and we all decided I don't have to see her anymore. I really liked my therapist- so now there's a huge weight off my chest. Now I can kill myself and she won't get blamed for it. It's like I've been taking these steps, consciously, and subconsciously, to lessen the effect of my death. I can easily hang myself in the basement as soon as they leave. It takes a huge effort to smile and look at people in the eye, I have to drag myself to do everything. Nothing seems worthwhile or interesting anymore, I've lost five pounds in a week, I never feel proud from accomplishments, another thing I don't want to do takes it's place. My gpa is low. I could tell someone about it, but I don't want to get better. The guilt I always have (probably originates from not owing up to my potential) is substantially smaller when I push myself into a robotic unfeeling state. I hate myself. Over time, I'm just going to continue to burden everyone around me. I don't want to hurt my family, but maybe my death will be better for everyone in the long run. Friends around me seem so superficial when they smile or seem excited about something, I'm stuck here with no goals, no desire to be happy. I could fight for happiness, but why? I see no difference.

Edit: I also have this extreme all or nothing mentality. I usually don't eat for a day, then binge. How do people even moderate anything? Whatever I do, I have no restraint so it gets dangerous, self destructive, or out of control. I feel slightly superior to my peers, so everything I do has to be perfect, or I won't do anything at all and just self harm. I owe my parents so much, I could never fully repay them- they created me! so there's this guilt that tints everything I do. I'm always so empty, or feel disgusting, vulnerable. The only reason I haven't killed myself is for my family, but as my constant mood worsens, I can see my death would be more beneficial than drawn out dependence. I hate myself. I hate myself. Any thoughts, guys? 