My suicidal ideation has gone to actual planning.I know exactly how i'll do it. Per the rules, I won't go into specifics, but it's really perfect, minimal chance of failure, almost no pain. And now all that's stopping me are all the friends and family who'll hurt if I'm gone. For some reason, they care about my existence. I've never accomplished anything, I never will, yet for some reason society has decided one must carry on until they get old and senile and worthless, or wait for some horrible disease to give them a hideous drawn out death, and even THEN you can't kill yourself. It' bullshit that I could be brought into this shitty place without my consent, and then I have to suffer through it for at LEAST four more decades before natural causes take me.

I don't go a single week without thinking about death. Some weeks, I don't go more than a few hours. It doesn't even matter what my situation is. I have a happy day, laugh with my friends, have fun, but the instant I'm alone again, I want to die.

And I'm expected to keep feeling like this, almost every day for what'll likely be over seventy years. My friends try and help, but nothing helps, and I don't want to tell them the truth, that what I REALLY want is for everyone to say "we understand you're suffering and you hate life and have no interest in the future. You are allowed to remove yourself from this existence, and we won't blame ourselves or wonder why, because we ALL knew why the entire time."

But that won't happen because society says, no matter what, don't kill yourself. 

So now I'm just going to fantasize and hurt myself, not eat, barely sleep or sleep too much, spend all my money, let my health deteriorate, and hope something terrible happens. Every time I cross the street I hope a car hits me. I fantasize about a burglar breaking into my apartment and shooting me dead. 

So I have this method that will work, and I know it will work, it's foolproof. But I'm not allowed to do it. I'm only 24. That means that it's gotten THIS BAD after barely 2 decades. And I get to deal with SIX more, at LEAST. I can't think of anything more terrifying.