Feeling like I already failed at life and fear of seeking helpHello , sorry to bother but I'm having some trouble to choose if I should seek help from a specialist.

I've always been quite a sad person who is most of the time alone and I acknowledged that I'll never be really happy since I'm 14 but since my grade were correct I just tried to cop with life and waited for everything to goes better . 

But this year I just entered a preparatory school and I'm failing hard (I must be one of the last if not the last of my class ) and I just can't endure failure , feeling like the worst and dumbest person in life , being a wasted life. Now I just can't work because I just don't feel like wanting to do anything.

I have some problem of self esteem and started to isolate myself from other because everyone their are way more better than me , feeling like I disgust everyone. This lead to me being alone for another year.
Because of all that I  feel like I already failed at life and I have absolutely zero futur.

I already had suicidal though since two years because of loneliness
but by adding that with failure and anxiety about my futur I tried to kill myself for real this time. As you can see it was a failure but because of that for the the first time I tried to spoke with one of the only friend I have about that even though I never speak about my problems to others.

He advised me to go seek help to a profesional , but I really don't know if I should.
I'm really not close to my parents and I don't want them to be bothered by that but I'm pretty sure if I speak about suicide he'll have to tell them. Living by antidepresant to be somewhat happy is also scarrying me
The last thing I'm scarred about is being hospitalized after reading many stories about that.
Also , I feel like I'm faking it , I'm not trully depresed / suicidal , I just seek attention and want to find and excuse for being such a failure. I'll just bother everyone by being so egoist.

Thanks a lot for reading this and sorry for all the grammar mistake  / bad english.