How to deal with a suicidal roommate?Hello,

I lived with a guy I met at work for over a year. He is very introverted and non-confrontational. Since his girlfriend left him, he has been very depressed (she left him about a month before I moved him with him). At first, I doubt it was just a normal break up depression, but it dont seem to get better over time.

Recently, our apartment was flodded due to a pipe bursting in the floor. Having no place to stay, I invited him to stay with me at my mother place until he could find some place else. Since then, he made no effort to find another place and have my mother do his cooking and laundry. That REALLY piss me off. He take part in each of our family celebration, because his family just dont care about him. His parent never ever call him, except once a year on christmas eve. His brothers come visit him about 2-3 time a year and each and every time they steal something from him, saying they are going to pay him back in a few week, but end up pawning the stuff they took and never pay him. I think seeing my somewhat happy family his making his depression even worse. He recently left his job, as he was tired of it. So now all he do his stay at my mother house, eat and play video game all day.

Now, I found another smaller apartment. I could move in there in a few weeks if I want, the only thing is that there is not enough room for the both of us. I fear that if I leave, his depression will get worse and he may kill himself in my mother house, which I really cant handle. I feel like im going to be trapped with this guy for the rest of my life. I cant in good conscience kick him out on the street, but I really dont want to be stuck with him my entire life. Also, since im so nice ot him, people are starting to think we are gay. I usually dont mind the rumour, but when people ask you about it every day, it become very annoying.

I have no idea what to do. Im not sure if this was the right place to post this, but I needed this off my chest. Thank you for your help.