Looking to talk this out. Not really set one way or the other. I don't know how to pick myself up. I don't know how to get going in the right direction. I've been unemployed since May. I've been out of college (graduated with a Bachelor's Degree) since December of 2010. I have two-hundred dollars to my name. I have no friends. No social skills. My day-to-day existence is comprised of waking up at three in the afternoon in my basement and sitting on the computer looking hopelessly at the day's job listings online here in the area and in the neighboring towns. 

Last night I deleted my social networking accounts because I'm only "friends" with people who I consider two-faced and spiteful. And because in some way I only use those accounts to get a small measure of validation from said people I don't even like. 

I end up disliking everyone I meet. All my personal projects--aspirations like writing and job hunting--are more consistently defeating than rewarding and contribute to this cycle of self-punishment and self-loathing. 

I feel very much alone. And I'm desperate for my life to change. I'm desperate to catch a break and I'm desperate to be happy. But I don't look forward to the next day and I find myself wishing I could just be asleep, even when I'm not involved in any especially taxing activity. Three nights ago I began contemplating suicide. Up to that point I'd always considered it a ridiculous thing, something that only happened in movies or in the news. But in the midst of feeling hopeless and weak I see in myself the inability to grow, to stand up and fight. And I don't see how this will ever change. I can't get traction with a career, with people, with myself. And I don't feel like I ever will. Because I'm so desperate for that to change but it seems like that desperation, that hunger to do something, isn't making my life any easier. It's not getting me closer to my goals and it's not getting me anywhere. 

I am a twenty-five year old man who's not happy to be alive. I'm soon to be homeless, totally friendless, and nothing is looking up. I'm not a productive adult, I don't have anything to contribute, I can barely get up in the morning. In fact, I just plainly don't want to. 

I don't know how to turn this around. 