It is 1:40am and I'm already crying all night...I can't handle it anymore. I got fucked up a lot of times and my trust was really broken but then I met my ex girlfriend. At first she was so nice. The exact opposite of her now. But whatever. We were together for just four months and it got really hurtful. She didnt care at all how I was Feeling. She lied to me and used me. Everyone of her family and friends hated me but we bot know that she was the bad person. Just Trust me that she was a really bad human being. She Told me how important I am to her and hurt my feelings like no one else in the same Moment. That happend like every day. And it was a really on and off Relationship but I just couldnt let her go. I cant. She was everything. She knew how fucked up my Life is. That I have no one and every single aspect of my life sucks. But she didnt care at all. Everyone abandoned me. Im more alone than ever before. 

Im just 16. Of course it wasnt the love of my life. Even if I never had any Feelings nearly that strong to anyone. Ive never trusted anyone as her. She knew that she was the only person on earth id trust and how hard it was for me to trust. And she lied over and over.

Just the thought of just ending it feels warm. It feels safe. More than anything else in the world. I want to do it right now. I want that it stops and people think about what they do. I cant live Like this longer. Someday the Point where I am too afraid to do it will be reached... Maybe Not tomorrow but soon.

Like four years ago i got diagnosed with strong depression. It was really bad but this is ten Times worse. The only thing that keeps me alive is that I am afraid to do it. Do get called the crazy one afterwards. That I just did because i am so obsessed with her. But all the People. Mainly but sure not just her! They deserve to see me die. They didnt care when they Told me how important i am to me and than fucked me. They fucking deserved this. And I cant handle this anymore. Everyday is a torture. Please...

Edit: Second last part because I thought of it and I can't sleep...

