Gave it the ol' college try; life's not for meI've been trying, I really have. To want things. Stopped thinking negatively, been telling myself everything's fine, it's not that bad. But I'm not bouncing back anymore. Every day I'm closer to doing it; it's chipping away at me.

I don't feel I'm being irrational. I'm not depressed, I just don't want this life. I chose a hard path and now I don't want it anymore. But I chose it, I brought this on myself. So many days stretched out ahead of me, nothing to look forward to. Plenty of shitty memories to look back on. To keep me up at night and punctuate my thoughts throughout the day. Repress them you say? I'm good, but not that good. 

Then there are things I feel I might want, but know will never happen. I try to hold them ahead of me, like a donkey with a carrot, but I'm not even convinced those things would fix it anymore. I've been trying to distract myself, patch the emptiness, but it's not working. In fact, each failed effort is making it worse. Faking it 'til you make it isn't working, it's just making me more fake.

I think about it every day. Multiple times a day, usually. I have a plan, I just question my ability to carry it out, logistically. If I could just press a button and be done, that would be stellar. But I'm a baby who can't stand pain, so that complicates things. 

I don't "need help". There isn't another human alive who has the answers. I'm not being irrational. There's no rational reason to live if you don't want to. If you've genuinely tried already. It doesn't mean anything. You can be unhappy, and it can be justified. Doesn't mean you have a mental problem or are depressed. I don't, at least. Down a tonne of 5-HTPs like candy and it does nothing -- looks like my ~brain chemicals ~ are fine

Maybe it's circumstantial. But my circumstances aren't changing any time soon, and I don't think I can push through the next several years when the outcome isn't guaranteed. Even a sure thing wouldn't change my mind anymore, because I don't really want it. I've been trying for years and it's not working, I didn't just decide today. Waiting years is reasonable, no? 

Death comes to everyone; in the grand scheme of things what does shaving off 50yr really change? I understand why people are not suicidal. They know they're going to die eventually but they enjoy the journey. I do not. If that's their reason for living, it's understandable why I don't want to?

4 people will care that I'm gone. And I regret that that's the case, but it's not enough to keep me here anymore. I'm not sitting around waiting for things to get better. But it's been *years*. Surely that's a representative timeframe?

Just needed to get this off my chest I suppose. Someone tell me if I've made any huge glaring errors?