Need help to proceed (2)..I'm feeling suicidal. 
Just to give you a brief introduction, I've been living away from my home since mid 2013 and have always been around people It's have fun with.  It's been over one and half years into my first job. I've been lonely and bored and hence depressed for a lot of time now and have convinced myself of what I have to do. Trust me. I've even tried motivating myself to get out of these murky thoughts but I keep falling into them again and again. I have no friends to talk to after work, was never successful in love and fell in the trap once again recently. All my colleagues seem to have amazing lives after work and am very happy for them. I used to enjoy my time at office and work very hard. But now I've become cranky, irresponsible and have lost the urge to contribute more than what is expected of me. Now, my teammates end up covering for my negligence. 

I'd been browsing about this and I realised I would have to make a few considerations before taking any step. 
1. My parents would feel worse than unimaginably horrified on seeing a mutilated version on me. 
2. My method should not force my flatmates to move out of our rented apartment. 
After a bit of reading, I've found out that having nembutal with anti-emitants at a fairly remote place will not only give me an easy escape but also satisfy the above considerations.

But the real problem has been the availability of the drugs, both nembutal and the anti-emitants. I've come across sites like: https://painlesspath . org / our - prices/ 
which sell nembutal at around €500 per dosage. This is astoundingly close to my monthly income and would be terrified if did not work. That's a lot of money for me. I want to be very sure about the attempt considering the fact that most suicide attempts are unsuccessful ones. Lastly, some sites also point out that nearly all nembutal available online is fake. 

I really want to bid good bye and am struggling to find a way to do so. I request somebody to please help me with this and end my suffering.

Thanks in advance!