here's hoping someone can relate .Well tonight is the night. The plan was to go on my birthday on Wednesday but I'm not waiting that long. Im laying in my bed as I'm writing this and I feel fine, almost peaceful. I wish I had a better way or just a way to explain how im feeling. I know right from wrong I know I'm ill but its just i dont see or feel that me ending my life is a wrong choice or bad I see and feel it as the opposite. Me taking whats left of myself away will benifit most people in my life. I may sound like a heartless person but it doesn't bother me that my family may be upset about it all. I dont hate them infact I dont hate anyone parts of me really do wish I could hate others I'd probably be a better person if i did. I'm not trying to play superhero either I've just had enough of it all. I cry alot I feel things alot I hurt everyday I dont see a point or good reason to get better. I've accepted this is me. Im not going to talk about why I'm like this I know better then anyone why im so ill. To be fair i dont think no matter what reason(s) I have for wanting to end my life will be a good enough reason from my family's point of view. which is fine I can understand that. How can you put into words and try to explain to someone who doesn't understand the pain and the real need for death? One of the things I dont like about being alone all the time is that you become very self centred you worry even more about what others may think or say about you. Im going to head into town after I've posted this and im already worrying about what these strangers will think when they look at me I will somehow convienve myself everyone is against me and they hate me. when they probably didnt even notice me... lol silly isnt it. Im not a heavily religious woman but I was always taught to treat someone how you would want to be treated. it got me absolutely nowhere. Im not saying go and treat others poorly or encouraging bad behaviour but take care of number one because no one else will. I'm terrible at looking after myself thats something I'm good at, im good at not looking after myself and I'm even better at depression. I dont know if I've gone off topic or not as I wasn't too sure on what to say when i started typing but I guess i selfishly wanted to acknowledge my existance before I leave. If anyone wants to talk about anything I'd be more then happy to have the company today send me a message. 
Take care all 

Everglow.