21's not to young is it? No options left.I'm 21, living with my parents as I finish college. Since I was 12 I've dealt with depersonalization/derealizstion. When I first got it I remember crying myself to sleep every night for a week hoping I'd wake up from it. I didn't but the symptoms became manageable. However a simple event at a previous job of mine has brought me from someone who was actually becoming confident in himself after highs hool to someone with crippling. The simple act of hearing my boss and and a fellow coworker talking about triggered social anxiety. It caused me to have physical symptoms that were very noticeable especially my gait. So much so I was constantly made fun of by them. At college I have to listen to music so I don't hear the students, even faculty laugh and make fun of me as I nervously passed by. At work I was a fry cook and would be in a panic state all of the time. A particular coworker who liked to stare at me knowing I hated that. And I am not exaggerating, I have had literal customers watch me, record me and laugh as I tried my best to fix their food hands trembling trying to keep a smile as I was on the brink of tears. I pushed my friends away, and became a homebody only leaving for work. I ended up finding a new job that was a little better in pay which allowed me to work less so I wouldn't have to be at 100% stress level all the time. I was made fun there too. I even had to overhear the conversation of two coworkers wondering if I was "off".  I had to step away as my fear of bring "weird" was confirmed. I managed to save enough money to stop working for a semester and am in due to find a job in a month. At this point I've been called it all, been treating like "entertainment". Eye contact makes me want to cry, and laughter that is not within a conversation I'm in I assume it's about me. Going by my job that I got social anxiety brings back horrible memories and I have never stepped back in it. I cut off all contact to anyone from there as it only brought back those times. So now I'm dealing with depersonalization/derealization, oh and I didn't mentioned I am bisexual/homosexuality. I live in a Christian household and have to hid that for that would get me kicked out. I'm constantly reminded how useless I am seeing my younger sister thriving in college with little to no issue. Medication doesn't work, can't afford therapy, im just numbed now. I no longer want to go after any of my goals. I feel I'm just here. I wish I can just dissappear. I'm thinking of committing suicide but I don't want my family to worry. I wish I could dissappear and everything would remain like it is.  I don't have anything left. My family already has 99 problems, they don't need my funeral to be one of them. I'm just stuck right now. Maybe I can go "missing"...