Hate myself and want to die.This is a bit long so feel free to skip but I have to let this out.  

I've been coasting through life for some 37 years now.  The child of two parents that hate each other and pretty much abandoned me to their SOs (my mom's boyfriends used to abuse me then i moved to live with my dad, who's wife emotionally tormented me for years).  

I'm 37, gay, painfully lonely and just don't want to live anymore.  I take clonapin and smoke pot to try to get to sleep at night because I obsess over everything.  A little background is that I recently moved from a job I took in Chicago in 2007 which i was laid off from within 10 months.  I'd left a decent-paying job in California to do this.  It destroyed me financially and left my self-confidence in tatters.  

I don't think I have anything to offer anyone.  I'm tired all the time...even though I managed to get another job back in California, I'm still very alone.  I have a difficult relationship with my family (dad was never really there, stepmom resented me for being someone else's kid and I have to admit I moved in with them with a lot of emotional, physical, and sexual abuse issues at the age of 11, of which she was ill prepared to handle).  

I have friends I suppose...but you know, people say they are there for you, but it's not like anyone ever reaches out to me.  I'm usually the one to do that, and after a while, I just feel sort of desperate and lonely.  

I've never had a meaningful relationship in my life.  I don't know if I'm even capable of it, and certainly being gay makes that significantly more difficult.  Added to that, I have an aversion to sex (it doesn't do much for me to have sex with someone else...I never really great about it...I don't really enjoy it) and I just feel like I'm broken inside.

I have no way to connect with people around me.  I get frustrated really easily.  I'm on medications (Lexapro as well), and it seems to be working on some level...I mean, the emotional rollercoaster ride isn't quite as jarring, but it's still rough. 

I spent my life working as hard as I can to put myself through college (stepmom refused to help pay, and charged me rent in the summers so they could pay for their country club fees...dad didn't know...), to see my career basically dead end.  I've been stuck in the same role and title for 7 years now...the only thing I have in my life is work, and even in that I'm failing.  I wasted my college degree in engineering to move into the games industry and have found it to be utterly unfulfilling for me, but nothing interests me anymore.  The things I used to love, I just have no interest in.  

My mom only ever calls me when she wants something...there was a stretch of about 15 years where we didn't even talk.  I tried to reengage her, but ultimately became her therapist because of her own misery, and I'm afraid that I've become just like her.  

I've lived most of my life thinking I wouldn't live to see old age, convinced that there would be a time when suicide is the only freedom I would have from this isolation I feel.  There's a strong part of me that wishes I had some terminal disease to end the heartache that exists in me.  I don't know how to love others, I don't know how to love myself.  I don't talk about it with friends much because I know it'll turn them off.  I've spoken to MANY therapists, taken many different (prescribed) meds, and nothing seems to help me fill this hole inside me.

I see my friends go on to great success in their lives, career, relationships, family, etc...and I'm still just...surviving.  My 3 years in Chicago didn't help me much, since I was underemployed the entire time...lost my home, destroyed my finances, everything.  

I serve no value to anyone...I worked so hard to achieve what little success has come my way over the years, and it seems all so precarious.  I'm terrified I'm going to lose my job every single day, that I'm not on top of things, and admittedly, I haven't been all that motivated of late to show my value.  I'm broken inside and there's nothing anyone can do, myself included, to fix this.  