I, essentially, live purely out of obligation.I don't want to die, but it's been very hard to be alive lately. The few things that keep me going are my family (or at least a few members of my family), my friend Kieran, my passion for music, and the smallest hope I still have for a better tomorrow. 

My family is self-explanatory. I love my brothers and my mother, as well as my grandparents. My father is a different story, though I don't necessarily hate him or have zero love for him. I'd hate to devastate them by killing myself, despite my brain always telling me they'd just "get over it" anyways. Maybe they would, but I dunno. 

My friend, Kieran, is also a reason. He's been there for me for six years. He's done many financial and moral things for me. He's kept me from going on a downward spiral many, many times. And yet, I still treat him like shit because of how bitter and sad I feel all the time. I don't deserve him, I really don't. I love the guy more than he could ever know, he can be more of a brother to me than my actual brothers sometimes. 

Music is self-explanatory. It's what keeps me going. 

And hope is also self-explanatory, though I question every day on how I still have any hope. That being said, I still really wish I weren't alive. I have things to be thankful for, though they're in short supply. 

Anyways, I'm lonely 50% of the time, and the other 50% of the time, I'm just depressed.  There is hardly any room for happiness, if any. Often times, I'll think I'm happy in the moment, just to realize later on that I wasn't. I was merely distracted from the depression and loneliness. 

One of the biggest blows for me is my romantic failure. I haven't a girlfriend, and the few attempts I've made at getting one this year flopped completely. The first girl I tried getting with (of whom I genuinely liked and had a connection too) just ghosted me upon my confession, never acknowledging me since. The second attempt was with my life-long best friend, Emily. And the hardest part about that was the fact that she wanted to date. She did. The only issue was, she's attracted to women, not guys. Despite her best efforts, she couldn't look past that, and I don't blame her. But, still, that hurt. I've always sort of crushed on her a bit, so to get so close to an actually meaningful relationship, just to have it ruined by something out of both of our control was soul crushing. But, I digress. It's absolutely emotionally debilitating being lonesome in this way. I just want to be loved and accepted by somebody who likes me for me, and who likes the same things I do. It may be a lot to ask for, but it hurts being romantically lonesome. It really, really hurts.

Another factor in it is my constant fear of the future. I want nothing more than to write music for a living, having a loyal fanbase and all that I can share my (mostly horrible) life experiences with, as well as give advice and aid them via the music I create. I do not wish to be wealthy, though I wouldn't dislike that. I just want to earn enough to live off of, as well as buy the things I'd like to buy here and there. However, I have a constant fear that I'll never be able to live that dream out. Skill limitations, time limitations, the way the world works, etc. There are many factors working against me, and it terrifies me to know how possible it is that I'll fail. It almost makes trying not seem worth it. Why try when you know you have a better chance in failing than passing? I obviously don't plan on giving up any time soon, but it terrifies me. It keeps me up at night.

Yet another thing that depresses me is loss of innocence/loss of innocence. My shit childhood has to do with that. Whenever I see a pretty girl, or watch an anime, or see a cartoon, etc, I become depressed. Not just any cartoon or anime, but ones that show things like love stories, or coming of age stories, or even simple shit like a kid with a normal life. It's as if I get jealous that I don't have any of that, so it upsets me. And, especially what depresses me, is sexual stuff. If I see, hear, or do anything sexual, I become so, so depressed. I don't know why. It weirds me out too. I just don't get it. You probably don't understand, since I don't even understand which makes articulating it impossible, but I tried. Maybe some of you will understand.

And, lastly, the final thing I'll talk about that adds to my anguish (since there are so many) is how ani-social my life has become. I don't have money, nor do I have any friends (besides my one best friend), so I can't get out much. And since I was sheltered most my life, my social skills are goddamn terrible, so meeting new people is a huge struggle for me. So, naturally, I get cooped up in my house for long periods of time, just thinking, being sad, and being lonely. And, trust me, thinking about as much as I regularly do is dangerous. I'm sure you all know that. It really eats away at you.

I apologize for the wall of text that I call a post. I just had a lot on my mind and had to get it out, even if I've repeated the same shit on here in almost every post I've made. Thanks to whoever reads this stupid thing and comments, especially if you comment. I really need human contact, so even a comment on Reddit is heavily appreciated. Cheers, and have a good day/night. 

P.S., sorry for any typos, I really didn't feel like reading over this whole thing to revise it. It's almost 1:00 AM, lmao.