I'm trapped and have no future. Considering doing "it"This is really hard for me to write. Not only because of the serious nature of "it", but also because I feel like my head is a raging tempest of thoughts and emotions. No matter how many people I tell that I feel suicidal, no matter how I try to verbalize my mental and emotional pain, nothing works. I don't feel convinced by people's responses as to why I shouldn't do "it", and trying to explain how I feel or why I want to do it leaves me confused and highly frustrated.

I've been a college student for six years. I spent 3 of them at community college, went to university for a year, almost failed out, and switched courses to something I like far better. My parents are on my back about my length of time at school, as it's all on their dime. They gave me until December to graduate. I will not graduate. I feel like all they care about is the money. My mom called me today complaining about how much money it's gonna cost her to pay for my school and board in the same sentence she told me about all the landscaping she's having done, which costs just about the same amount of money.

**I hate the guilt I feel of trying to finish at their pace and live by their rules. All they care about is money**.

My grades are a joke, so don't recommend getting a student loan or scholarship. Truth be told, I have no place in school period. I didn't do well from first grade through now, so this has been a struggle for me all my life.

My last girlfriend broke up with me a year ago. Being with her was the happiest I ever was. But, it was a long distance relationship and didn't work out. I've tried to get her back, but she won't have it. 

**I lost the one person I truly loved and cared about and regret it every single day of my life**

I live alone. I have no friends. I haven't cooked for myself in almost a year. The only people I see are my classmates and the pizza/chinese/subway workers. If I could run away and start fresh, I would, but that shit only happens in movies and for people with money.

I have no future. I will never be happy. I will either die homeless or by doing "it". The only reason why I haven't done it yet is because I don't want to end up mentally handicapped or a quadriplegic and have to be cared for by my parents for the rest of my life.

My life is meaningless. I just don't want to be in pain anymore.