a stupid fucking rantSorry if this comes across as a jumbled mess but i need to vent, ive been thinking of and looking forward to dying more and more and more lately.
I've been depressed since around 13-14, it usually comes in waves lasting a couple of weeks every few weeks and i've coped with it reasonably, starting to smoke weed was the biggest help in years. Then i started working, at first night shifts that paid decently and didn't have much interaction with people. I could put my earphones in and work through the night, but the longer i worked there the harder it was to keep doing the same tedious grind night after night. A couple of years ago I moved to england with my partner while they study at uni. we both work in different retail jobs as well to cover rent and other bills. She has a promising future in her field and i'm happy for her, but I have no prospects aside from more retail. I work 4 days a week in 8 to 10 hour shifts and this already is more interaction with people than I can take without being completely mentally drained and left utterly fucking depressed by the end of each week with just enough respite to force myself through it again. Since starting this job my waves of depression have become longer lasting and closer together, I've been drinking heavier and heavier and now i drink at least 70 units a week, by the end of my shift it's all i can do to numb myself and quiet the mental loop of "this is your life, you'll do this ten thousand times over before you have any hope of retiring". At this point i just want my liver to give in already, my hope is that once i have the finality of a slow painful death in front of me then i'll finally have the motivation to actually kill myself quickly, until then I'm just becoming even more miserable and angry every fucking day. I've always tried to be rational and not assume the worst in people but since starting my job in england i can feel myself becoming increasingly racist and that only makes me hate myself even more. I dont want to say that all middle eastern people are assholes but every single fucking piece of shit customer that seems to have woke up that morning with the sole intent of finding me and being as huge a pain in the ass, as rude as fucking possible and outright fucking retarded has been middle eastern. the more i deal with them the more stereotypes i see apply. today i chewed my gums to the point of blistering trying not to scream at yet another middle eastern customer who was doing the typical "suddenly i don't speak english" routine. I dont know how much longer i can keep doing this before I stop trying to drink myself to death and just put a broken bottle in my throat. what the fuck am i supposed to do when i have no ambitions and im too fucking lazy to put the effort or time or money into some form of higher education that i'd only burn out and fail at? most of my days off i can barely force myself out of bed even after hours of lying awake, several days i feel like im fucking paralysed from the neck down until 2 or 3 in the afternoon when my body finally responds and gets up. i didnt want to be born and i dont want to go through death but i dont fucking want to exist.
rant over i guess, wish i could say it felt good to vent but i only feel worse, at least i stockpiled drink for the weekend by my bedside so i dont have to walk to the off license. 
if your family has a history of depression dont have kids, dont fucking do this to someone, it's cruelty to create a life knowing damn well they'll only want it to end.  sorry for the shitty formatting and generally fucking stupid nonsense ranting, guess i cant even fucking vent right