My [29f] bf [28m] of 6 years is suicidalThe entire time I've known him he has expressed an on and off desire for suicide, and has been depressed. It's only gotten worse over time. He has less and less friends, and we're less intimate with each other over time. I've done everything everyone has said. Got him to go to therapy. Got him to get on anti-depressants. I even reached out to his mom. But nothing seems to make it better. We have a lot oh extreme highs and lows in our relationship. He doesn't have much motivation to take his life in some kind of direction, and really hasn't most of the time we've dated.

He's put a rope around his neck twice in front of me and recently claims he took a bunch of pills (when I was out of town), but wasn't hospitalized and didn't vomit or anything. He's even written a suicide note. I fear he's closer to the edge than ever.

He's finally seeing his therapist today after months of not seeing the woman.

I love him, but don't know how much I can take. I feel like I have no one to lean on in this relationship anymore for my own emotional health and sanity. Recently I was feeling kind of depressed myself and tried to talk to him, and he just made me feel worse, by saying "everything is pointless, why even try." I also feel like I don't have someone to support me through my struggles and victories. I even developed a small crush on my therapist because I feel alone (which is pathetic).

Last week when I told my bf I was done, because he was saying nasty things to me and calling me PMSy because I was upset (I was out of town), the next morning he told me he took a bunch of pills and then we got back together.

We keep talking about breaking up, sometimes it's him and sometimes it is me. A large part of me doesn't want to break up, because I love him. And I'm also scared that if I leave he might kill himself.

I told him that I'm willing to support any decision that could make him happy. That if he wants to be with someone else, do something else, be somewhere else, he should do it. But he replies that all he wants is to be dead.

He doesn't have any friends or family he can reach out to. And when he's tried they've done nothing.

He went to the therapist today and is going to show her his suicide note. I hope that helps.

At this point I don't really know what I can do anymore. I've done everything possible and am exhausted. 

TL;DR: Bf wants to kill self. What to do?