I don't know what I am going to do?I was working as an associate software engineer in a company. My team lead is a rude woman who has not at all technical knowledge. She disapproves everything I have done so far and always wanted to do her way. There is no one else in my group just she and me. I was doing majority of the work. She said only one is enough for this project. Before I came to this project there were some resources too. But they all left because of her. I had to work more than 14 hours daily for 3 months and the pay is worse. When the lock down came it became even worse.  She is my calling my number continuously to check upon me. Her call starts at 09  in the morning to late night 01 . She calls on frequent intervals. When I was doing the project she was just roaming around and even had not done any code reviews even though she had still time. She even does not know the basics of the technology we are working with and telling me to do what she said. But most of them are  not practical and  when I told her about she told me do as only just she tells me to do. The project is almost completed.but at this time if I have to do what she tells me to do it will take even longer time. But she told me complete it within a day. I am the only resource in this team and it is impossible for me to complete it. So I decided to quit the job. It was really hell for me. I barely got any sleep because of her. I had a period of epilepsy in my past life which occured due to sleepless night and over work pressure. It almost took 2 years to overcome this. So I know if I continued like this it will come again. So I quit the job. It was really a difficult decision for me. Now I am jobless and I don't know what is going to happen after lock down. I know it is extremely difficult for me to get a job in this time. But she really pushed me to the limits. I don't know what I am going to do next with my life. Only dark days lies ahead of me. I am someone from a low income families. Even though both me and parent are going to work it still is hard to move on. The reason why I quit is if I get the epilepsy again my family do not have the cash to treat it again. My company pays me only 8000 rupees and all the money I give it to mom for the family expense and loans we have taken. I don't have many friends also because I am an introvert. I don't know what I am going to do.