2 Siblings, Both Attempted Suicide (1 Today)I’ve had a rough couple of years behind me, I’m 18 now, a freshman in college and I have a younger and older sibling, each with a two year difference. My older sibling struggled heavily with drug abuse throughout high school, including Xanax, Oxy, and possibly Heroin (just the ones I know about). He became a shell of his former self before my eyes in the course of two years, eventually leading to multiple suicide attempts, the last of which I had to call the hotline on his behalf for which just wound up in him staying in a hospital for a week and becoming some weird, immature dude that’s certainly trying more in life but is now drinking and smoking weed again which concerns me. My younger sibling just tried to take their life today (or at least I think so). They took 9 total over the counter pills and they only weigh 130ish so I’m assuming the intent was there but I really haven’t talked to them ab it yet, and I honestly don’t know when I will. I thought ab my older sibling taking their life a lot back then, they j seemed so mentally deteriorated and I just didn’t know what to do except encourage him (I’ve never been an emotional person). Inversely, my younger sibling hit me out of nowhere, I had no idea something like that had even crossed their mind. Depression maybe, but not a full blown suicide attempt. Both of them see therapists and I used to too before I left for college, but generally speaking, all three of us are pretty fucking sad people. My dad also has depression and sees a therapist, and my mom struggles with depression too. The weird thing is that I really don’t think that my family is that different from the outside, we’re a white middle-class family who went to nice schools and we all have friends and play sports but something just went haywire along the way and life just hasn’t been the same since. I don’t feel anything nowadays, like I didn’t even cry when my sibling went to the ER today. It’s almost like my brain is thinking this is run of the mill shit, I just wish there was some inkling of emotion or compassion I could give but everything happening in my life has j made me a shell of myself too. I just wish that things were different like how they used to be. Not everyone in my family was always severely depressed. I feel like I’ve just become a mental prisoner to the people I’ve known my whole life. I know I’m depressed but I like to think I’m not suicidal, I think committing suicide after all my siblings have done is selfish and almost cowardly in a way, I want to be different but at the same time I can’t keep falling down this mental hellhole of a life. Like my favorite artist on Spotify Wrapped was Alice In Chains just to give you an idea of where my head has been this last year even before today. I’m probably gonna go back to therapy but it just seems like my even if I do that, nothing will really ever change. It just feels like something life altering happens in my family and then I get over it and repeat, I’ve just lost all emotion and I’m always tired or angry. I don’t really know what I need advice on tbh, I just felt the need to type this out in hopes of somebody being able to relate, bc I feel like no one ik can ever relate to this shit (ik everyone’s going through something blah blah blah). Some sort of advice even if you can’t relate would be appreciated if you could tho. Thanks for reading if you’ve made it this far, I appreciate you listening to my pity party.