I'm too depressed to improve my life, thinking of possibly overdosing. I would appreciate a response.All I want is to have the tools to improve my life, to not wake up constantly hating the fact I woke up. I want to be able to perform like most normal people. You know, getting a job, having great/perfect grades in school, stuff like that. I graduated high school two years ago, june 2016. Haven't done much with my life since, I was gonna go to school this fall but delayed it because I'm a depressed wreck and have forgotten a lot of what I learned in high school. Too depressed to even put much effort into my financial aid applications, I just finished them a few days ago and haven't even bothered to accept the rewards yet. If I can't even get through the application process, I doubt I would do well in an actual school environment. I've been taking an online course by MIT called intro to CS and programming using python, and while I'm enjoying the course so far in it's first week, and really getting immersed in the readings, it is only the beginning and not really a testament to my ability to learn. I even took a course called "learning how to learn", which was really nice and enlightening, but i still have doubts and suicidal urges. I have these negative thoughts in the back of my head telling me a depressed person cannot succeed in a college environment, period and that there's no point of trying. I honestly sometimes don't even know if I actually want to do computer science or if im just clinging to something that has always been an interest of mine. I'm interested in a lot of stuff and don't have the energy to actually be passionate about said things. Go figure.

Besides that, I struggle to make and keep friends. Most of the friends I've made have either been immature or toxic, or a mix of both and so I've had to cut off friends many times. This is probably due to the fact that while I recognize what kind of people I should be around, I don't have the social skills to actually approach them. I recognized more or less quickly if someone is going to be a good friend or not, but even if I knew they wouldn't be a good friend I kept them around and tried to tolerate them anyways because I didn't have options. Often times though, I just feel like I'm supposed to have friends, but don't have a real desire to make friends unless they offer some kind of emotional or mental benefit,  or if they're useful in some way, call me cynical.  As for dating, this isn't much of an option for me due to my looks and not caring enough about how I look, plus being a short man(5'6), on top of not being able to bring girls back to my place for multiple reasons. Again, sometimes I don't have much of a desire for this, but I feel like a freak for not even so much as holding hands with a girl. My family is not much of a support network, but rather a source of my depression. So all in all I don't really have anywhere or anyone to go to about this kind of stuff.

I just feel like I'm breaking. This world doesn't care if I have depression or anxiety, it doesn't care if I didn't develop proper social skills or cues in my childhood. Women don't care why I don't have experience with them, etc. This world is merciless and I can't take it. I want to go to college and get straight A's and make friends, possibly date, etc and I can't do any of this probably. Not while living here at least, but even if I wasn't living here things would be more or less the same, I'd just have one less problem. I don't even know what I want to focus on going into college because i'm interested in so many different things, and I also want to make a lot of money, so I just feel kinda lost going into college even though i'm really interested in computer science and currently taking an intro course on that. I need to figure it out though, it's already been two years and I can't afford to waste even more time playing around with and testing my interests. Time keeps going on while I have no idea what to do or how to get help, and this world doesn't care or show any amount of leniency and i'm just sick and tired of it.