Decided I’m not living past 18My 18th birthday is in 175 days, that day I’ll also get my atar (basically the day I’ve been waiting for since starting school, it’s your results from your final year)


I have spent every day for the past few months studying for these exams, aiming to do really well and get into a top university. Every time I sit and study I get anxious, my heart rate increases, I can’t breathe, chest tightens and my ears go hot and red. I never knew why, and today I realised the reason. It’s because studying isn’t for me, working a 9-5 job, going to university, sitting at a desk for my whole life isn’t for me. I am one of those people you don’t think is depressed from the outside, I’m outgoing, funny, hardworking and friendly. I am so much more than a desk job, than an exam result. 


I thought this realisation would make me happy, I finally know why I’m getting anxious, but it’s made me feel more depressed than ever. I have goals for my end of year results, but without a vision of my future job theyre useless. I can’t see a future for myself, I can’t see a purpose, I can’t see happiness. I’m now stuck between continuing to study when my body physically rejects it or just giving up and regretting not trying for the rest of my life. 


And after all this I realised that I don’t want to be an adult, I don’t want to make decisions, I don’t want to have to plan and think, planning gives me anxiety because the future gives me anxiety. 


I’ve been suicidal before, I’ve been on antidepressants for almost two years, but this time it’s a feeling that’s so real and it feels like this is my destiny, this is my future, this is who I’m meant to be, this is my purpose, to be gone. 


I want to be forever young, forever innocent and clueless and careless. I don’t want to grow up, I don’t want to change. I want to be this way forever, I want to stay like this right now forever, every day that passes is a day I grow older.


Most of all, I want to be free, the source of my anxiety and depression is myself, and I can’t escape from myself. I want to let go, to feel nothing, to do what my body and my heart wants me to do. 


Soooo long story short I have decided I will not live past 18. I don’t want to be an adult, I don’t want to find out my vce results, I don’t want to make it to 2021. 


I don’t know what the point of this post was but I needed to let that out &lt;3.