Drama between white 26F &amp; black 25M, who's depressed/suicidal.So for the last few months since I've moved in with my boyfriend, tensions have gotten higher and higher between me and his best friend. Both of us have made efforts to be respectful to each other, but we come from polar opposite backgrounds. I am a white, upper middle-class girl and my bf's roommate and best friend is a black guy who grew up in South Central LA. He's had friends and family die in his arms, was in the foster system, is financially supporting a family that isn't even his, along with a host of other things that I couldn't begin to fathom the difficulty of. I've been working to understand and get rid of my entitlement and privileged mindset, but there are some things I don't know I do that I guess really bug him. But...he's also an inconsistent, trolling hypocrite who is an asshole to me. He'll go for weeks without speaking to either of us, makes snide remarks as if I'm nothing more than a weak, entitled white girl, and he blew up at me a few weeks ago accusing me of drinking all his whiskey, (I had a little with my bf after he said we could have a little, and that's it.) I haven't spoken to him since, and honestly refuse to if that's all he views me as and nothing more. He's made the vibe at home extremely awkward and stressful, and I don't come home unless I absolutely have to, and it's putting a strain on my work, and my relationship with my bf. I also feel like the two of us are definitely competing for his attention.

I'd love to try and understand where he's coming from, but he would never let me in. He clearly doesn't respect me or hold me in any regard, when I've only respected his requests as a roommate. It's fine if he doesn't like me, but that doesn't mean I have to talk to him either. Luckily, my bf who has always been in the middle, in both class and race, has been educating me despite struggle on my part.

Things came to a head this morning, and we're going to lay all our cards on the table tonight. I'll admit he's right to consider me weak to not stand up for myself, but I am afraid since my mom violently verbally abused me in the same way growing up and it's really hard for me to face again. Again, I know it's piddling compared to what he's been through, but it's like asking me to lift 250 when I've been training with 10. Also, he threatened to kill himself in front of my boyfriend and has a gun in the house. I'm wondering how I should approach tonight's discussion, (boyfriend will be mediating) since it's hard for me to balance between legitimately standing up for myself and being painfully white and entitled.