Should I lie and tell my Mom I'm cutting so that I can finally get therapy?Long story short, I've been mentally off with what I presume to be a depression (haven't been diagnosed, never been able to get to a doctor/therapist - reason why below) for a long time, with suicidal thoughts going through my head for almost 10 years. I was abused physically, emotionally, and now I'm starting to realize sexually, and I've been having a hard time finding ways to cope.

After realizing this at first, I told my mom (single parent family) I was having a hard time and asked if I could get some therapy. She brushed it off and said "Depression is a choice. You just have to think positive."
I've been trying hard at that for quite some time now, and desperately so. I've used my reminder app to set a reminder to myself with a small message about how people love me, downloaded meditation apps and spent long periods of time meditating,  texted somebody an "I love you" text when I was starting to get down, put more effort into showing positivity to make my friends happy, and a ton of other stuff like that for almost a year now, but nothing is working. I'm still left with these horrible thoughts and memories multiple times a day, and I hate myself for not even being able to appreciate the miracle of life goddammit. I've asked my mom multiple times since then, even telling her I might be depressed, but she always brushes it off. 

Before you judge me for ignoring how much therapy costs, I live in a country where therapy is free for me and my family. I would get online therapy, but my mom won't let me have a bank account until I get a job (which I'm not legally old enough to do (yes, I'm young)) and I'm too young to make an account by my own.

I get the feeling telling her I cut myself (don't, think about it though) may be the only way to get professional help, but I don't want to traumatize her with such information. 
I'm frustrated on what to do, but I don't think I have anywhere else to go. 


**TLDR:** I'm having a hard time coping with mental illness and past abuse, but my mom blows me off every time I ask for professional help. I'm not old enough to get it without her setting up an appointment for me, so I feel stuck. Considering lying to her that I cut myself so that she'll take my requests for therapy seriously, but don't want to traumatize her with that. Feeling like I might have no choice but to do so. Thoughts? 