I'm still alive only cuz I wanna see the ending to game of thronesNot even sure where to start. Sorry if this ends up sounding like unorganized rambling. 

I'm 24, and suicide has been in the back of my mind since I was 10, meaning I spent the majority of the time ive been alive wishing that I wasn't. 

Use to do horribly in school, and got a daily barrage of shit from my abusive stepdad because of it. He kept telling me I'll make nothing of myself and end up cleaning toilets all my life or some worthless career. On the other end of the spectrum is my much better biological dad. He was always super supportive and stuff and made me give myself high expectations. Expectations im still trying and failing to meet. 

I tried to turn my life around, ive really tried. Tried isn't enough. 

After graduating I joined the millitary, I thought I'd make myself proud by serving my country. I hid the fact that I was chronically suicidal but my other mental health issues slipped through. They let me be an engineer in the airforce, but my dreams of entring officer corps were dead. 

I returned to civilian life, started jumping between tech jobs but couldn't hold them down. Decided to attend university, hoping it will give me the skills I need in tech. So far im doing meh there, but the bigger problem is I have no idea how to fund my way through it. Squandered most of my money along the way.... 

About 2 years ago I met this girl. She seemed perfect in every way. We started out as really close friends but then it became more than that. We loved and hated all the same things. I use to tell her she reminded me of Daenerys Targaryen, my favorite character in the series. I introduced her to Game of Thrones and she introduced me to Overwatch. Everything finally seemed to make sense and know its place in the world, happiness was within my grasp.
Aaand she decided to go back to her ex. It shattered what remained of me into a billion pieces. It still hurts.

So here I am, staring into the abyss of a life of mediocrity, it isn't that much different from being dead, except that I feel shame and dissapointment in the proccess. 

Now I'm just waiting for game of thrones to end, hopefully with Dany on the Iron Throne. Got not much to do in this life after that, just be done with it.