I feel so lost and tired, so I'm writing it all out to make myself feel better a bit.These days I just feel like running around in circles. I keep making the wrong decisions, all of which coming from my inability to control my emotions. I am currently facing the consequences of my decisions and of course, am very tired as I could not see any way for me to feel accomplished. Additionally, I have imposed problems upon others, including my loved ones. It all began so well. I was in this perfect mint condition of being an average student from a prestigious high school in my country. The school's full of brilliant kids I can't seem to catch up with, and once I feel exhausted to keep on competing with them academically for scholarships, I stopped trying. My mom was having a perfectly stable job, earning an equivalent of 500 USD each month. Yet, the toxic environmental conditions of the city we lived in back then made me feel really oppressed, not to mention I was absurdly overwhelmed by the isolated feeling the school gave me. 

That was when I decided to stupidly leave my country for another place that seemed more ideal - a country in Europe, with inarguably better climate (because I love cold weather), better food quality, generally peaceful urban life in contrast to the busy city ruled by crazy drivers. It felt great for the first few days of arrival and my head was temporarily free from all the pressure, but all magic comes with a price. 

Basic things in life such as water are ridiculously expensive here - it's stressful to think about it in the shower. Additionally, I've moved to a new school. What made me so reluctant about it was the fact that it's an international school: small but sweet community, but with tuition fees that have considerably stressed my mom out. The prices are equivalent of what my mother made in her old job in 2 years. Life was good until Coronavirus struck. Apparently, healthcare in Europe is downright FRUSTRATING. (sorry European friends) Few countries took the quarantine procedure seriously, and the country I'm living in now isn't one of them. I want to go back...

Days went by and I discovered that lots of kids in my old school are currently achieving something. Something that I once considered to be my dream, but had given up on it just because.....emotions. 

Ughh I don't know anymore... I'm so stressed atm I don't even know what I'm saying anymore.

I have cut a few slashes to my arm once, though not noticeable, and very much want to do the same again. I have so much to think about. I feel guilty for putting someone like my mom to go through things so I could get what I wanted. 

....

Dear Hell, please give me the strongest torture device for I deserve it.