I love you, please understand meI have a boyfriend. We've been together for almost 9 months. He is everything I've ever wanted in a person. We fell in love the day we first met, and he asked me to be his. I am glad that we're together. 

This is our story:
We met on tinder. We both felt that we were meant to meet each other. He started opening up to me about wanting to end his life before his 18th birthday. And despite that, he's still with us up to this day. Both of us suffer from borderline personality disorder. I, personally didn't see the point in being in a relationship at that point in time, but he changed my mind about love and about life. He's been supporting me with all the love he could afford to give to me all this while.

I sometimes think that I am a burden for putting him and the people around me through all of this (me taking up so much of their energy). And I keep saying sorry for always having too much emotions. I want to push everyone away and be alone so that nobody has to "deal" with me. I take up too much space. 

Lately, I've been having suicidal thoughts. I was going for therapy regularly a few months back, but I paused that because of school. And Ive been doing good with therapy, until recently where I relapsed. I feel bad for having the thoughts that are in my head. I feel bad that despite having someone who loves me with their whole being, I still can't seem to find comfort in being alive. And I'm trying, don't get me wrong, I'm trying to find reasons to hold on. I've been trying to be positive, going on with my life like nothing is wrong, but I feel like I'm just lying to everyone and especially myself. I stopped telling my boyfriend about how I'm feeling. And he's stopped asking, I bet he assumes that I'm fine. I stopped telling him because I don't want him to feel useless that he can't help me, or lessen this pain. 

He sees a future with the both of us. He wants that so badly. But I can't seem to fathom that possibility. It's just too hard to imagine a life after 10 years or so, when all I want to do now is die. I would feel bad if I ever took my life. That would be like taking away all the possibilities of giving him a life he wants. But, a little part of me wishes that he would understand how much pain I'm in. I know that there's no way he would just move on after I'm gone. I would crush his fucking soul, and that'd make me the evil person. 

But having said that, some days I just imagine myself going away without a single goodbye. I've tried to kill myself once, after telling him that I wanted to end my life. After texting him, I immediately tried to hang myself. I didn't let him stop me, but in the end he kind of stopped me by calling my dad. And my brother had to break open the door in order to save me before its too late. Afterwards, I felt so so bad for making him go through that experience of almost losing me, but at the same time, I secretly wished that I hadnt survived. 

It would seem so selfish of me to end my life. But there are voices in my head telling me that my boyfriend deserves better, that it would be better for him if I was gone,and then he doesn't need to deal with a burden of a girlfriend like me anymore. So trust me, in my head, it seems that it would be more of a selfless act than a selfish one. I hate myself. I know I have to be strong, but I just want to go home. I just feel like I'm not needed in this world. And my existence feels so weird and unreal. I want people to know how I feel. I want them to forgive me for not wanting to be in their lives anymore. 