I have absolutely no reason to liveI'm missing everything that could even remotely make my life happy. I'm the definition of eat, shit, sleep, repeat because I have nothing going on in my life.



1. Friends - I literally have zero friends. This is not an exaggeration. I cannot form friendships because of severe social anxiety. I don't talk to anyone but my parents, but those aren't even conversations, just "are you hungry?" and typical parent-child relations.



2. Mental disorders - severe social anxiety which inhibits me to do everything plus avoidant personality disorder. I cannot form friendships, I cannot make connections, I'm paranoid of everyone and I think everyone is judging me.




3. I'm so ugly, from the inside and out. As a person, I'm rude, aggressive, ridiculously critical and judgemental of others. I'm not a good person. I'm skinny but my face is so ugly and I hate every single one of my features. I really lost out on the genetic lottery. I feel like my social anxiety would be cured if I was attractive. I would probably have friends if I was attractive.



4. Family - extremely dysfunctional and fucked up, would be too complicated to explain.



5. Interests - I'm not interested in anything, I have no hobbies. If I did, I wouldn't have money to pursue these hobbies.



6. Job - Don't have one, never had one, have no idea how to start trying to get one because of my social anxiety.




7. School - in a program that I hate, have zero interest in and will have to repay loans after I graduate. I'll probably drop out because it's just to keep me busy and give me a reason to get up and try to socialize, but really it does nothing for me and is just a waste of money that I don't even have.



8. Wealth - dysfunctional family equals poor family. We have no income now because my dad lost his job last year. Before, he was making less than 30k for four people. Now we're living off his retirement money which is about $500 a week for a total of 28 weeks.



9. Significant other - getting a SO would be a reason why I could live, but how can I meet people if I don't have a social life - or any life at all? Plus, my social anxiety will destroy a relationship. And I'm at the age where I feel like it would be too late to have my firsts. Never been on a date, never had a kiss, never been in a relationship, virgin, etc.



In my free time, all I do is reddit. I have no friends. I don't have hobbies, I don't go out, I don't have fun, I don't have pets. I don't try to better myself. I waste my time on this fucking website. I'm just a waste of space who has nothing going on in their life. I feel like I need a therapist but my social anxiety and lack of motivation to do anything just makes me not pursue the idea.