The concept of emotional labour among men needs to stop.I literally just got out of a friendship with a man who I have been friends with online because of me being emotionally vulnerable. I said something to him that was very shitty, to be fair, but what I said to him was coming from a place of extreme despair. I essentially shamed him for having a father in his life while I do not. My father has been dead for 4 years now, from cancer. I'm a bi man in his 20s.

Why do we must always walk on eggshells when it comes to being vulnerable among her friends and family? Why is it such a burden for men to always talk about their emotions with other men? I'm sick of the shame. I'm sick of people yelling at me because I "vent" too much. It's called being a friend. People are allowed to dump all their emotions on me and I just sit there and take it. But when I want to have a conversation after a week of no conversation? I'm the worst person in the world. I'm needy. I'm emotionally unstable. I'm whiny. I'm weak.

I'm sick of this. Friendship has it's pros and cons. You can't have both without the other. People make it seem like talking about emotions and listening is a such a difficult concept. People only want you when you're strong but when you're weak? You're just trash.

8 years of friendship. Thrown away over nothing. No, I should not have said those hurtful things to my friend. Yes, I have apologized. Yes, I have given context. I had to build a Christmas tree with my mother alone without my father. Again. Another Thanksgiving without my father. Another December birthday without my father. Another Christmas and New Years without my father. I was in deep emotional pain. No, it does not justifying shitting on my friend for having a father and ridiculing him but what the fuck? Am I not allowed to fail? This was not a common occurance, even though he felt like it was.

I'm done with fake people. I'm done with being emotionally vulnerable with people that only want me when I'm strong. Nobody is gonna get anywhere if we keep up this myth that discussing emotions is something that should only be done in the therapist's office. I have been going to therapy for months now after hitting rock bottom and surviving a suicide attempt. I have made progress. I am more emotionally stable because of therapy. I can honestly say therapy saved my life.

But I guess it's not good enough. My friend ditched me for anime. God forbid I send my friend a message when he's watching a damn cartoon. As if my life is worth less than a cartoon. Wow. I'm just tired of the fakeness. So many times he would tell me it's okay to vent and it's okay to talk about emotions. This man would parrot bullshit about how toxic masculinity is shit and we all gotta talk more but he was fake as fuck.

I'm done. This is a whiny vent post. I don't care. I'm sick of it. Stop brushing off your friends. Listen to your friends that are in pain. Men that are struggling with emotions are not burdens. So many men deal with their emotions with drinking, drugs, or just outright anger. Men aren't given any positive outlets to deal with their emotions.

Therapy? Stigma. Being vulnerable? Get called a pussy. Actually have a shitty day and say a shitty thing? Instant loss of friendship. The burden is always ALWAYS on the victim. I'm tired.

Shit isn't gonna change because people don't want to stop viewing men as strong, stoic rocks. My friend's mistake was he was listening to me vent by his own choice but he wasn't asking me listen to his own venting. He just buried his fucking emotions and then got angry when someone else DARES to have emotions too. I'm fucking done.

Fuck toxic masculinity. Fuck the concept of emotional labour. I'm fucking sick of it. I'm tired of people abandoning me just because I talk about how I feel too many times...even though I don't. Everyone else can vent and share feelings but me. Anyone else but men.

I'm done.