was feeling really happy, now i feel depressed again.where to start, i feel pathetic, ill start here. A few years ago i hated my life, was never happy, had suicidal thoughts, etc. Then i met my exbestfriend, she made me smile, we related, i admit i had feelings developed for her, but whatever i rather keep the friendship. So the years went by, i helped her through ALLOT of tough times. there was a time 4 months ago i told her how i felt we sopped talking, but SHE wanted to stay friends (I was fine whre things were left)

Anyways now were in college (same college) last 2 months we hung and talked everyday. So one day i was going to go to her class, i slept in a little, text her saying im coming, then she spammed my phone with the text "k" about 60 times, i beat her to the parking lot, she says a im good when i text her saying wan me to come or not, so i leave, at a four way stop, she spots me, rips through a stop sign almost hitting my car, so i was pissed and went bback to see what her problem was, she ignored me. 

couple days later, i wanted to settle it, so i text her, then she texts me back going off how i stalk her and act like shes my girlfriend..
the thig is she always texted me first, she was te one 8 times out of 10 asking me to do stuff for her and go places with her. 

So i said fuck it im done. deleted and blocked her out of my life, I was feeling really depressed the first few days, then i was happy for a day or so, then i found out the truth. 

(note i was close to her family and good friends with her brother, e also shared allot of mutual friends) SO i found out she went and told our mutual friends, that i stalk her and was desperately in love with her. She also told her co-workers so i can no longer go to that walmart, allot of our mutual friends no longer talk to me, the ones that do say they believe me but dont want to get ivolved and stand up to her. She told her family, none of them talk to me anymore, infact i think they spy on my social media profiles. So the fact my public image was scratched like that hurts allot. now its a week after everything cooled down and someone i follow on twitter mentioned her, so i viewed the thread and lone behold they are "subtweeting" me and making false accusations of me, such as stalking. that word hurts. 

I know this sounds like a rant but, i feel so alone i feel like i did those few years back, both my hands are marked up badly from punching a wall. I feel like im i this social trap of lonliness where everyone around me is judging me, Im not saying im a saint because i laughed at people she told me about in her past, but now i realize they are probably just her other vcitims. i feel like i deserve this, i feel so much rage like i want to kill her. but at the same time kill myself, i feel sorry to those aroud me, i feel pathetic for writing this, i spent so much money to help her, her family owes me money that ill probably never see because of this. I feel so much fucking rage. FUCKOKJVliewg writing this is making me more upset, the fact i cant talk in person to aanyoe i was fucking calm now i can barely think or type. im sorry. 