Totally lost and giving upI hope this is the right place to post this. I just don't know where to turn to anymore and all I want to do is end it all.

The anxiety and depression I've been suffering from has all been too much along with recent life events which have pushed me to the edge. It all started with falling behind with my coursework a few months ago then I found out that my husband cheated on me. He said he didn't actually go through with it but I can't believe him. He's also suffering from anxiety and depression so that's been difficult. The next thing that happened was that I came back from holiday to find that the police had raided my house with no explanation.

It all got very bad last night when I was staying at my husband's parents house. A stupid disagreement between my husband and I escalated to a full blown argument with them involved. I felt so alone and was made to feel like nothing by them. I tried to walk down stairs after my husband and they kept grabbing me so I've got a sore neck and arm today. Eventually an ambulance was phoned as I was having a complete panic attack but I'm pretty sure his parents made up some other things on the phone. His dad was just walking around repeatedly saying she's nuts. Not exactly the best thing to be saying to someone who has said to everyone numerous times that all the stress is getting too much. I am sorry for how I behaved last night but it's purely because of how unwell I am, there was no malicious intent in it. I just wanted my husband to talk to me because the whole argument was over something really insignificant as I was trying to get everyone to see.

I messaged my husband today and he said he's banned from talking to me and if we get back together they will disown him. I've tried apologising and offered to do anything to sort things. I'm just sad that my mental health issues, which I'm trying to get help for, have resulted in this. I really need my husband's support right now but it's not going to happen.

I don't even know where I'm going with this post and I just don't know what to do any more. I truly believe the only way I'm ever going to find peace is by ending it all.