dont know where to turntitle says it all. i feel awful, closer and closer to suicide every day. i feel like if i say my feelings to someone, i can start to get better, but i dont know where to turn. hence why im posting here. 

i have no real relationships, my family doesnt care about me, and the only thing keeping me here is my job. im not even 18 and i feel like im drowning in negativity and self-hatred. 

i thought i was happy. but im not, and it’s my fault. ive secluded myself so people only use me to get substances or give them physical company because theyre SO’s are far away. no one wants me past that, though. 

i have no inspiration to do anything anymore. painting, being bubbly and nice, continuing on my recovery... even my job, which i love more than anything, gives me so much anxiety. 

i ruined tonight for my family. we were gonna have s’mores and a good time, but my younger brother made me mad, we argued, and i drove to a park nearby to calm down. my mom didnt know where i went, neither did her girlfriend, or my brother. i was gone for an hour and a half. no one called or texted to ask where i was or if i was ok. 

i didnt leave because i wanted to get those worried calls and texts, but after sitting at that park for an hour and a half i was like... why havent i gotten them?! does no one care!? and i realized that no one cares. at all. when i got home, no one even said anything to me. i have “friends” that use me, a family that doesnt care, and my whole optimistic nihilism philosophy is hard when i dont seem to be enjoyed by people im around. 

i dont have a plan to kill myself. i really dont even know if this sub is for this kinda stuff, i just searched “suicide” for a place to put my thoughts. I JUST HAVE AN OVERWHELMING FEEING OF DOOM AND ANXIETY, A DIMINISHING FEELING OF BEING SECURE IN MYSELF AND MY RELATIONSHIPS, AND LESS AND LESS SPIRIT TO CONTINUE ON WITH MY LIFE. and i just needed somewhere to talk without being judged by people i know or sent to a mental hospital. i dont need replies or votes or anything. just to say it. thanks for reading this if you do. 