My StoryFor months I've been reading your stories from my cell phone at night once my wife and kid are in bed. I thought its finally time to tell my story (before i do something that will prohibit me from doing so in the future)

22 months ago I had emergency brain surgery, it was very sudden. Just started getting headaches at work one morning, asked my boss if i could leave early. 12 hours later i was rushed to hospital. Turns out i had massive build up of fluid on the brain due to a blockage and an operation was needed immediately. I was supposed to have been able to return to work a few days later, it was a relatively safe procedure. 

The operation is called an Endoscopic third ventriculostomy. Lasted a few hours. When i woke they immediately knew there were complications. I knew my wife but couldnt remember that we married(funny right?) So my short term memory had been affected. I literally had a 15 second memory(like in Finding Nemo). I would speak to someone, turn my head then not rememer the conversion at all. 
2 months in hospital my memory improved somewhat with the help of occupational therapy.
Only on the day i got discharged did i find out I had been put on antidepressants during my stay, now this caused a whole lot of shit in my life during the next few months but i was able to wean myself off it eventually(took months) 
Life at work has been rough. Im in I.T working for a top finanacial institution. 1-2 weeks out of the month i work 12 hour days. With my memory issues I can work a normal 9-5 but with my work those overtime requirements nail me. Oh forgot to mention the other fall out of my operation - Stamina levels. In hospital i needed rest every 90min(would sleep 3/4 the day. Obviously its improved now but when i get tired its not a normal tired. Imagine a ton of bricks on your shoulders weighing you down pulling you into the earth. Thats the kind of tiredness i experience to this day after a certain hour.
I started half day initially then back to full day after 2 weeks. Back then i would speak to my manager freely until one day I told him I was struggling, he cut me short right there and said if this continues we need to go spk to HR. Needless to say I havent spoken to him in months. 
Going to cut this short now. Getting tired.
On the home front. Looks like il be getting a divorce soon. Thinking of quitting my job, taking what little pension i've accumalated, put money away for my boy. Then offing myself in a few months.
Things have gotten progressively worse lately, no one to talk to anymore. The whole ordeal is destroying my mother.
 If you've read this far thank you but as you must have noticed the quality of writing had declined(its 12.30am) so im out.
Ok thx



