Wretched despairI’ve always been so scared of being alone in life. 
You’d think being with someone would make you happier, but I don’t know anymore. I’ve been in a relationship for 3 years now with my GF and I’m so confused about how I feel. I don’t know if I love her. Sometimes it doesn’t feel like she loves me. She hurts me so much more than anyone else ever has in my life, but she’s also the only thing that makes me happy, and my reason to keep going everyday.

I know a lot of people would say “Break up, it may seem hard but it’s the best thing for yourself” or something along those lines but, I wouldn’t make it. I would never be as cruel to say so to her, but without her I would kill myself. I have no meaning in my life. I go to work to make money, to buy stuff to distract myself from myself, which isn’t working anymore. Everything I enjoyed I don’t anymore. My favorite foods are a chore to eat. Hobbies are a chore to do. I hardly take care of myself anymore, not at all if it weren’t for her.

I’ve tried talking to her about my mental health. She tries to be supportive whenever I open up to her but it almost feels like she doesn’t take it seriously. Unless I’m actively and openly acting depressed it might as well be a fairly tale. I guess it’s hard to understand without actually experiencing it, but knowing that doesn’t make it any less gut wrenching to me. She’s the only person I have in my life, but I can never make her understand. Would it even be humane if I could?

And, I don’t know, I could probably write a whole book going on and on and on... but I’ve already talked a lot guess. I barely even scratched the surface on how I feel. All I’ve done is talk about my relationship. That’s just what was on my mind tonight. But I’ve never felt so low and close to falling over the edge. I wish I had drugs to abuse. I wish I had alcohol to drink. I wish I wasn’t scared to hurt myself. I know how terrible these things are portrayed, but as dark as they might be, the promise of temporary relief is music to my ears.