I've given up, there's just too much pain. I can't do it anymore.I can't go on. I don't want to die, but my life is too painful. I thought I reached the point of suicide before. But something always held me back. Gave me hope. Gave me strength to get help. I just...I'm truly defeated. I guess posting here is sort of my final attempt to find a reason and way to live. 

I suffer from bipolar disorder and my depression isn't controlled. I've been through so many different meds and there's really no options left. I've struggled with severe depression and been suicidal in the past. I've been hospitalized twice (signed myself in). My meds got sorted out, I thought, until they ended up causing side effects and I had to go off them. 

I've been suicidal for I guess a month now. Every single day. Painfully getting worse day by day. I began dreaming of killing myself, something I've never experienced before. This depressive episode is different, and by far this episode is reaching a new level of severity. 

It's exhausting to keep fighting. And I've tried so damn hard. I've tried to continue to function. Tried to push it away. I just can't do it anymore.

I've struggled with self harm for 8 years and it's come back with a vengeance. I tried to get to an artery twice today, I guess in a suicide attempt, but the scar tissue that's built up prevented my success. 

I'm laying in bed right now. Exhausted. Defeated. Hopeless. Depressed. I had the right of mind to wrap my arm. Because in all this I still think that getting blood on my carpet would be so difficult to get out. 

I was considering going back to the hospital but I've decided against it. I'll just end up right back here, eventually, as something always goes wrong. Another week forced to stay alive, providing some false sense of hope, only to be crushed in a few months. I don't have the energy to fight for myself anymore. 

I don't know why I'm still alive. I tried to kill myself multiple times in the past. My body somehow fought back. Though my method of overdoses was, as I learned later, highly ineffective in resulting in death. But after a month of being suicidal I've done a fair amount of research, and I know there wouldn't be another "attempt". I'd be a success. A huge relief for me. An un-burdening to others. 

I reached out to a family member. Saying how bad the depression is. Explaining my pain. I brought up going back to the hospital. I was met with "you don't need that", "you've been through it two times, it's not going to be different this time". And so, it was just a confirmation of my internal thoughts. Leaving me alone. Painfully alone. Desperately alone. 

I tried explaining to my therapist about how I feel. I think she is fed up with me. She didn't seem phased when I was talking about suicide. Like I was only an annoyance in her planned daily schedule. She gave me the standard "if you believe you're a danger to yourself, you should go to the ER". She seemed so disinterested in having a conversation and kept trying to end it after I mentioned suicide (even though I tried to keep it going three times before finally giving in). 

I don't know why I'm posting this, not fully, I am really looking for just a reason to continue living. 