Just wanting to let a bit of anger out...You know that feeling when your emotions are so bottled up, and I mean bottled as in kept inside of you for 10 years and no one wanting to hear you out or empathize with you,

well this is where I want to come out and let all my feelings burst,

First of all, fuck you dad you were never there for me, you practically dont know when I came into existence, you dont know when my birthdays are or how old I am yet you live right in the next fucking room with me, your a crazed sociopath who has been listening to his old fucking song since I was 7 and you never ever payed attention to me, you would only come to me in times of distress and ridicule me of how I was a failure and why I am so lazy, always crying, and a pussy, well fuck you, you dont know shit, your the reason I am always depressed you senile POS.

Fuck you mom, you never were there for me either but you were worse, you were there for every one else. You would always give presents to all those people I hated and I asked you why and you said you were being 'nice' even when I told you those people were absolute scum. You always laughed at my pain and always talked about how you had it worse, because I wasn't worthy enough to be in pain, because I was living in the future of 'happiness' and rainbows everywhere. Because you knew me so well you knew I was never in pain, never depressed, and never angry, just a "docile sweet kid" otherwise I was a horrific monster to you if I ever spoke out or let my mind freely speak its thoughts.

You know I realise I should shorten my post as I dont think people wish to read a mad man's depressed lunatic thoughts anyways, so I will sum it up,

fuck you humanity, I may be a part of you but I dont want to be with you, I never asked to be born here, never asked for your 'kindness' in treating me, never wanted to "do society a favor for all the things it has given you". You gave me shit, you left me in the gutter, you broke my psyche and you left me physically unfit. As much as I want to blame this on my self I dont think I ever wanted to be a depressed fuck crying to my self 24/7 and wishing something in my life changed, and every time I changed I was hated. You would be surprised when you stop pretending to be some one you dont want to and be your self, you will get into a lot of shit and probably changed so much by these people that you couldn't recognize your self anymore. Well I cant say life has been complete shit, else I would have killed my self long ago. Still have one good friend who has stuck with me in the past few months yet we grow more distant because I just feel like enclosing my self in my room and not coming out to meet the outside world, it scares me, haunts in my sleep, and tortures me in my dreams, it tares at my brain and always forces me to say "KILL ME" when I dont want, I dont want to kill my self, I just dont want to be part of humanity either, I would be much happier living the life of a particle or atom not being in this world and just being part of the universe. Yet I cant stop it, it comes back more and more, I cant sleep normally now, it burns me hurts me like hell I have no one to talk to but my self and my self can only scream the words "KILL ME" when ever I remember my haunted past, maybe its right, maybe I should just end my life here, I would have done it long ago if I wasnt such a coward in dealing with death, after all I am coward for everything cant do shit but just be the observer of the world always watching people from the distance lest I wish to revisit my horrible past again.

Again this is just a rant (a very depressed one at that), I dont know to what extent i wish to kill my self though I doubt any one close to me really cares, probably a few tears, a tombstone, and a grave marking but after that I will become non-existent and fade through history like all the other nameless common people have.