Is there a reason to go on living...?This is my first post and probably last... The only time I ever hear of Reddit is by listening to creepy pasta and saw some posts on here like this so why not. Who knows.. Maybe someone knows? I just don't think I can do this anymore... What's the point in life? I want to just end it all... If anyone cares to listen here's a little back story.. Growing up I was shy and didn't have many friends. My closest friend was my cousin who always lives hours away out of state(his dad was military and they moved a lot) well we never really got to hang out. Sure we played online games at times but nothing much more.. My childhood was full of much depression and I didn't have anyone. I guess maybe you could say my mom... Though in recent years I've realized how much I can't stand her.. My dad was abusive when I was young and only to me. I know you may think I'm not being honest there but he was. 4 other siblings and he only hit me. Screamed at me . I didn't do anything.. Did I? I'm 19 years old today and it's mostly just verbal abuse ha... Sorry, anyways, I think my life started to turn towards the brighter side when I turned 16? I made a friend.. A kid asked if I wanted to spend time with him and have a sleepover or something someday(I'm was 16 and I'm a guy, he was 12) well I didn't know what to think. No one has ever asked me that before.. We became best friends... For a couple of years we spend everyday talking in the phone , hanging out, then I finally got a car and job. I started working night shift so I had all day to spend with him. It was all great. Well.. I started smoking and he found a pack of cigarettes.. He urged me to stop(I had only been smoking about a month) well I did. But to quite I started vaping. Well he was okay with that.(Note, my family is highly against it even though they don't get it, plus they didn't know) well... I lost my best friend because I was at someone's house.. They weren't good people.. I just... Tried reaching out... I ended up getting drunk... I mean 3/4 a bottle of 70 proof liquor drunk.. Well my family found out.. His family found out.. My friend thought it was funny I got drunk.. But my family and his think I'm this horrible person... I haven't been allowed to see him for months now.. It's been about 6 months.. I'm 19. I don't have anyone ... I wake up.. Work... Come home.. Go to sleep.. My days off are spent alone.. Every day of my fucking life!... I failed to mention before I've attempted suicide on multiple occasions.. Cutting, OD, was gonna shoot myself ha... I have scars up and down my arms... I took 11,000 mg of ibuprofen one day, was vomiting constantly all day.. A few days later j took about the same amount with subscription hydrocodone(a full bottle after I got wisdom teeth out, not sure how many mg) felt even worse. Then did it a 3rd time. That's been a few months ago. Just recently I overdosed on my antidepressants. Ended up throwing up all day, all nauseous, seeing things... Im not sure if it's a side affect but I feel like I see things now from the corner of my eye and it'll scare me and I'll look but it'll be gone.. I hear things as well now ha... I have a new full bottle of my antidepressants and I'm gonna take them all and see what happens... I don't wanna live anymore.. There's no point in life.. Am I right?