Self harm and me- with suicide makes three.I don’t like to talk about my self harm much in anything more than a dismissive way, but as the nights get longer and the shadows in my life grown darker it’s been consuming me again and I’ve become overwhelmed by the question of /why/ I do it. 

My journey alongside it has been a long one. Some could even say I started young. 
I used to bruise myself with a hammer when I was 8. Because I could hide those easily and eventually they would fade. I hated to see them go. I didn’t like to forget the lessons I tried to teach myself in blue and black. 
I needed to hurt more…

So at 14 I went through a stage of stitching embroidery thread into my skin. Always in the shape of hearts. I decided if I was to be alone, then these would be marks of me trying to love myself. But that wasn’t enough, and I quickly began to become shaped by the world around and reactive to the way people treated me. Don’t show emotion. Help others. Always be available. Don’t complain when you’re unhappy. Others have it worse than you. Selfish. Needles through skin hurt, but the pain never lasted, and neither did love the burning hearts tried to represent. 
I needed to hurt more…

Then came the cutting, taking on a crueler twist by the time I turned 16. The result had been nothing more than scratches when I was 12, but before long, every easily concealable place was covered. Wrist. Shoulders. Stomach. Sides. Thighs. 
It was widespread. But it wasn’t serious. Nothing that left ‘real’ scars. 
I needed to hurt more…

So I found comfort in the dancing fire that sprung from lighters and matches alike. Though I myself did not smoke, I always had cigarettes on my person. The small circles of anguish they left behind were too good to give up. I must have been the only teenager I knew that used cigarettes as a cover for something even more unacceptable and sinister, but the pain was fleeting, and even burns heal.
I needed to hurt more…

By 18 I had found a certain beauty in the force you could use to press down on a blade. I could, and did with pleasure, pierce veins and tear through capillaries with hatred and disdain. I could quite happily reach the subcutaneous fat layer without even a flinch. This time it did leave scars. Many.
Even still, I needed to hurt more…

So now here I am. At 23. And the journey is far from over. When nights are very dark, I have even broken bones. In my fingers and toes. Can you even comprehend the level of hatred one has to feel towards themselves in order to break their own bones? 

I thought it would be the best pain I could cause myself, for I knew I needed to hurt to the superlative.

It’s almost sad really. Sometimes I think about that little 8 year old version of me, hammer in hand, and I find it hard to hate her as much as I hate what she has become. 
So as for why I self harm… I guess my view of myself is so low that I feel it necessary to both punish myself for living in spite of knowing I don’t deserve to be here, and also out of guilt for even wanting to kill myself when so many people would do anything to live my life out for me. 

I hurt myself to keep myself alive. I can’t commit the ultimate act of self destruction, so I have to inflict pain as severely as possible. Because only then do I seem to be able to live with the overwhelming guilt I feel for staying alive and burdening people by breathing and such. 
I must be a very difficult person to be around. I wish they would just let me go, because I feel a step closer to suicide every day. 