Getting help only made things worseHi, this is my second time posting here. I’ve been depressed and suicidal for about 15 years. I was in therapy and on meds for about 2 years with no real improvement, so last year I quit both to try focusing on sorting out the other issues in my life. I’ve tried every cliché piece of advice to help myself feel happier: I work out with running and strength-training 6 days a week, I am employed full-time as an assistant teacher, I’ve tried hobbies like painting, hiking, reading, and online games, and I try to volunteer a few times a year.  
	None of it has helped. I don’t feel better after exercising and I still hate my body. I dread going to my job: I barely earn enough to pay rent, have no friends at work, and get spit at by spoiled brats all day. I have only one or two friends that are too busy with their own active lives and relationships to spend time with me. I haven’t been on a date since I was dumped 5 years ago by my only girlfriend. I tried online dating but that was bust. I feel like everyone I talk to finds me disgusting. I’m back in college to try for a career change to IT, but I don’t really care about the topic at all, I only want to get a job that can pay off my student loans and maybe help me afford to travel a few times before I die. I’m struggling to stay motivated with my classes when it seems like I have no future in the industry and will still be a sad lonely adult with a slightly better income.  
	Last month, I let slip in an email to my academic advisor that I didn’t expect to succeed in my program and would be better off dead. She called 911, the police came to my work, and they took me to an emergency room where they drew blood and gave me a list of area therapists. The bill for the emergency room was over $4000, more than I have to my name living paycheck-to-paycheck as public school employee. My insurance won’t cover a penny of it, nor would it cover the cost of a new therapist and medication. Nobody at work cared that I was absent for the first time in almost 3 years. None of my friends bother calling or offered to spend some time until weeks later, as if confirming nobody would care if I actually killed myself.  
	I can’t afford help, an emergency evaluation just produced a massive bill, and not one person besides my mom cares if I’m alive or dead. I’m wondering why I should even try anymore. Therapy, medication, exercise, volunteering, and classes have all been dead-ends. All I know now is not to drop any hints that I’m depressed.