I know what I want in life but everyone is shitting on me.So a few years ago I got into producing and recording music. I was stuck in a college degree I have learned to hate (not in US, so I didn´t have to take on huge amounts of debt) so I decided to drop out, eventhough the likelihood of having a six-figure income in the future would have been pretty much 100&amp;#37; if I continued.

Since then I have been doing pretty much nothing but producing, recording and engineering music. But everyone that knows about this says I should "be realistic" about what I want and get into a different field. I have gotten so obsessed with music that I spent around 12-16 hours, 7 days a week getting better and building a catalog. Reality is though, that nobody really gives a shit. I only know a hand full of people that really listened to my music and they figured that I am not the average joe getting into this, because they know how long I have been doing this and seen the extremely fast pace that I am progressing at. In fact the first song I have ever written and played for a few friends (not telling them at first that it was my own) the reaction was: "OMG you wrote that song?! You have to become a pro musician!"  (after telling them the that I actually wrote it). 

That´s how I figured out that I have a talent for songwriting.

My biggest problem right now is my parents trying to force me into some field I really dont give a damn about. I told them that in a few years  I will commit suicide if I am not able to establish myself as a full time recording artist / producer. The more I think about it, the more I actually consider following through, if I don´t make the cut. 

What really fuels all of these thoughts is the nihilistic perspective that I developed. I really believe this might be the one and only opportunity to do what you want. Who knows what will happen after death? My parents say that I am selfish for thinking about suicide and I told them that I never asked to be born and automatically sign a contract to serve everyone else\`s selfish desires. I also know that I don´t want any kids, so that they don´t have to go through the whole process. The only circumstance that I would ever consider becoming a parent would be if I actually achieved my dream. So I don´t have to get at them with that "oh, sorry nobody told you that you are basically screwed when you are born, you don´t really have that many choices in life, and only a few lucky people get to live their dreams! So (wo-)man up! Just climb the corporate ladder!"

I don´t believe in that mentality. Unless you are physically not viable for your dream (e.g. being a model or an NBA player). I really do believe in "the harder you work, the luckier you get".

I have visited a psychiatrist and the only thing that I got was a prescription for Zoloft (which I learned has nasty side effects). Basically they are telling me: "Well do whatever you want, just take these pills, so that you can accept "the reality" you were born in, eventhough you know that you hate it and are just numbing yourself with these pills"

I have not taken a single pill and most likely won´t ever do it.  


TLDR;  
Dropped out of college (no debt) and found out what I really want to do in life.  
Already putting in ridiculous work hours into my passion.

Family and friends are suggesting to go into a different direction because "be realistic".  
I set a suicide date in the future, if dreams don´t work out.  
Got a prescription for Zoloft, to basically numb my true self, because "be realistic".  
