Let me die.I want to die, I'm so tired of people shouting at me in the morning. Tired of being forced to do things I don't even want to. I've tried ways to even kill myself, but fail to do so. Noose? Too painful when dropped, Drowning? Takes too long to even drown . I'd stay so long in my bed in the morning thinking about dying and waste my time for studying. I cant feel anything anymore. Life is practically not worth living for to me, I can't even fix mine. Its so tiring to even eat anything. I am currently failing school and sacrificing my mental and physical health because of it. Everyone is so stressed out. My parents complain and stress too much on the things I do. I want to drop out, but I cannot due to the outcome of my family berating, shouting and screaming at me for wasting a school year and money for useless things. I just want to stop schooling to fix my lifestyle and actions. I have a crappy sleep schedule and eating habits, made me late in classes. My mom insisted on schooling in the midst of pandemic now she fucking complains on why she even enrolled me. I was a late enrollee and I had a hard time catching up cause of the new environment I had, bad comprehension was an addition to my failing grades and no one is there to help out or teach me lessons. Funny how she enrolled me to a Christian school where I don't even believe in God. My gaming addiction got in the way of my studies. I can't open up to my family nor tell the truth of things, I cant trust their angry responses. I can't even open up to anyone, not even friends, I drove them away, I never want to talk to them. I'm so fucking unfortunate that none of my plans go my way. I now make stupid decisions on impulse. Having uncontrollable addictions and try to stop them but fail to, made me unable to focus on things needed to. I'm so done. Overall this is all my fault, my life is bad, I'm bad. I can't even adapt to the expectations of the people around me. I did at some point, made everyone angry to feel no remorse or regret in time of death, so they'll hate me for who I am and I would be deserving of a painful death. I think there is something wrong with my mindset and I hate it. But it would be nice to have eternal sleep and die. Considering that I'm already a burden to my family and to anyone else. I'll probably be gone at Christmas break since my family would likely sleep in the morning and that gives me preparation to die. Thank you non-existent God that taught me everyone is special and I am not. Life is practically bullshit now. 

I sound conflicting in my post but I tried my best to voice out my emotions bottled up with my shit English. I just made this account specifically to post in this subreddit.