Oh no, I've said too muchThree years ago my Dad died of cancer. We lived together &amp; before his diagnosis we would constantly bump heads, he would freak out on me over stupid trivial shit &amp; effectively treat me like a child. Put my shoes on to literally go in the back yard, where am I going. Sleep "too long", come in my room screaming. Suggest an idea for the house, no that's stupid, why bother. Have friends over to watch a movie or play a game? Nope, Dad's sleeping on the couch &amp; will get pissed. Not that anyone really wanted to come over when the house smelled like cat piss from them literally pissing all over. Cats or me? Guilt trip. On &amp; on, for the sake of brevity. 

Prior to his diagnosis he had various health problems, he'd call me at work, on a date, my girlfriend's at the time; "Can you come home?", And I would. I'd get home and say, "ok, let's go to the Dr/ER" and he'd refuse. To the point it was effecting my professional &amp; personal relationships. 

I wanted him to die just so I could live my own damn life. 

One day we get into it, I'm fucking over it all, I say I'm done I'm moving out, don't know where I'm going. My Dad then says to me that he's going to kill himself then &amp; that I may as well take a knife &amp; slit his throat. Anger, sadness, remorse, guilt; I felt it all &amp; then some. I stayed. I've never told anyone this.

Dad has cancer, I become his primary care giver, power of attorney, power of medical. I don't sleep, I don't eat, I don't have a support group, I break down mentally. Unscheduled Dr office visit, My Dr isn't in &amp; the other Dr doesn't see people for "stress". To the ER, they make a Dr apt... A week later at my apt I tell the Dr I DO NOT want prozac or the like, she writes me script for prozac. I haven't seen a Dr since.

Get Xanax to robot through changing Dad's diapers &amp; being on call 24/7. One Aunt helped out as much as she could, which I'm thankful for. One night she's staying over, I'm laying in bed having an anxiety attack &amp; absolutely sleep deprived &amp; impulsively swallow about 10 Xanies. Not to die, I just wanted more than an hours sleep. That ER trip is another story in itself.

Dad Dies. Family abandons me. I had this grandiose idea my friends would rally around me in my time of need, at least one or two,  one did briefly. Lot's of "If you need anything"s, very very...very few followed through, but most of those only when convenient. I cry, a lot. I keep the 3 cats because they feel like part of him but shortly after have to have one put down. I think about suicide, at lot, Pick Dad's birthday. My Mom is my sole rock but I can't confide in her because I don't want her worrying, her brother hung himself. My Mom is the only reason I'm alive. Cry ad infinitum. Last two cats die a few months ago within a week+ apart. The guilt, regret &amp; loneliness is unbearable.  

Thank you, if you've read this far, thank you. A lot's happened since, but just writing this &amp; reading other posts seems like it's helped for now.