No reason to be hereI’ve known a few friends from highschool who commit suicide, and I recently “dated” a guy (quotations because I didn’t even like him, I just settled for someone so I wouldn’t be alone) who’s 15 year old sister commit suicide as well. I’m beginning to think it’s the way I should leave as well. 

My life is so empty. I’m “only” 21 but my future is bleak. I’m too depressed to ever leave my room, let alone my house. I just barely have enough energy to take care of my hygiene and grocery shop. 

I’m unemployed, making absolutely no money living with my grandparents. I dropped out of college after they went on strike for 2 months and basically screwed every student over (I decided I didn’t wanna be in that course anyways.), and now the government loans Centre is harassing me calling me every day for me to repay them. They don’t give a rat’s ass that I’m unemployed. I owe thousands of dollars for absolutely nothing and it makes me beyond depressed. 

On top of that, my family life is hell (which is why I live with my grandparents and not my parents &amp; my brother). I won’t get into it too much, but my brother is a raging drug addict / alcoholic, always comes home high or drunk and wants to physically fight my father (who has anger issues, so they always do), and my brother often tries to kill himself. I got away from that, but it still lingers and I feel depressed knowing I can’t go home because it’s not a healthy place to be. 

I also don’t have any friends. And when I say that I mean it. Not a single friend. I have social anxiety and BDD (both diagnosed) and no amount of therapy or medication has been able to help me. My biggest fear is ending up alone for life. I once stayed here at home alone for a week and I remember how empty and sad it felt, especially knowing “shit, this is what my future is going to be like ?” 

I’m not ugly, I’m half decent looking, but because of my trauma and my chronic depression / social anxiety / BDD no guy would ever want anything to do with me. I’m not surprised no one pursues me. I try and talk to guys but they act totally turned off, so I gave up trying. 

I know my life isn’t as bad as others, but it isn’t a good life. It’s a sad, hollow, meaningless existence void of any happiness. I’m looking for a reason to keep living, but I have absolutely no energy to try and do anything with my life. I’m afraid to take another step because I’m scared of what bad thing is going to happen next. 

(Also - depression runs in my family, so it’s not just situational but chemical. My dad also has very bad depression and was hospitalized for it twice. I was also hospitalized twice for two different suicide attempts, and it was hell. The nurses in the mental health unit don’t give a rat’s ass about the patients and treated us like parasites. Never going back there.)