caught in a trafficIt is very hard to explain how I feel like. The more I think about it, the more it hurts. It feels like a narrow dark space with no air inside. And it hurts. It hurts when I go to bed. It hurts when I wake up in the morning. It hurts when I am at work. It hurts when I enjoy the lake near my apartment. And it is not my body that hurts. It is not my soul because I do not believe in such thing. But somewhere deep inside my head, my skull, my brain. Mentality? 

So, I want to commit suicide. The reason for such a weird desire of mine isn't my laziness or my 'I hate the world' attitude. I just suffer from the constant pain of being guilty. Even right now you can't even imagine how guilty I feel because of writing this down. People tell me I'm lazy. People tell me I would look better if I lose some pounds. People tell me to watch my mouth and get rid of my accent. I am tired of ignorance from others. I don't want to hear your "I am sorry" or "I/my parent/my brother or sister/my friend has the same problem and they probably had it worse". I don't want that. I want love. I want appreciation. I want people to recognize me. I want to be loved. I want to be perfect for everybody. I want to stop feeling guilty. And with all of this white noise originating from people's mouths, I can't hear myself and I can't hear my desire to live anymore. I'm not happy. I'm upset everyday, doesn't matter what happens. My desire to live a full life, my happiness, my joy, my MEANING OF EVERYTHING ALREADY COMMITTED SUICIDE YEARS AGO WHEN I STARTED FEELING AND LIVING WITH THIS AGONY IN MY HEAD AND MY BODY. I CANNOT TAKE IT ANYMORE. I CANNOT DO THIS ANYMORE. I DO NOT CARE ANYMORE. I AM DONE. I AM SO DONE OF TRYING in this life. Maybe another life gives me something good. However, I hope, there is nothing behind the bloody door which I'm going to open soon. Very soon. 

But you better be smiling more, sunshine. Right? I smile. Or do I? It's more of a fake smile. I heard people saying that if you do fake smile it will actually make you happy. Doesn't seem like it. No matter how hard I try it's just a short term solution, which doesn't make me feel any better. 
I still look for something inside myself. I still look for some parts of me that are functioning wrongly because it is my fault and I am the one to blame. I am not good enough. I am not trying hard enough. I am way to lazy. I am the one to talk. I surrounded myself with sand castles which are my dreams and hopes and there is a tide and a wind that are going to destroy everything I built. All of this makes me feel like I am unworthy. I mean, I know I am unworthy.


 What did I do wrong? Where am I going? Everything and nowhere.

