I tried to choke myself with a belt because someone mildly insulted me.Every day I wake up and think about how the best thing I could do with my life would be to end it. It feels like I'm rapidly approaching that point. I'm staying in a hostel, having traveled to another country as a "last experience" - either to do something I wanted to do before I die, or to make me see "the light," somehow. This morning someone insulted my guitar playing in the common room, so I came back to my room and gave "choking myself with a belt" a half-assed try. I guess I was hoping it'd be easier or that it'd give me enough confidence to hang myself with it at a later time. It actually hurt, and that makes me sad because I just want to find a peaceful way to go.  


It's not that I even really believed him that I was bad. It's that I feel like I'm always on the precipice. I don't have the willpower to keep moving forward, so any adversity, any challenge to my ability to feel comfortable, is more than I can handle. I can't work like this. I've been living on savings and loosely planning to end my life when I run out. I  mean, I don't really want my life to be over. I just don't want to live a life where the whole purpose of living, is struggling to stay alive in a cold, uncaring world.  


I wish so badly I had some rich family member that loved me for some reason and wanted to help me be better. But I can't even try to go to a doctor without money. Short of being homeless (again) I won't be able to live anywhere where I can get medical insurance. I'm so jealous of people who have loved ones who take them in, who pay for their medical care, who say things like, "just take the time you need to get better, you're important." I would be willing to work on myself if I could just do it without the pressures of the world crushing me from all sides. But as it is, why should I want to put in the effort when the world is going to be just as cruel and heavy on my back no matter what I do?   


Sorry for rambling, not that anyone's going to read this. I just wanted to be honest, somehow, somewhere visible, about how I feel. If you read it, thank you.