Sitting here crying. Someone please help meI guess I'll start by saying the obligatory, "I've been lurking Reddit for years now, but this is my first post." So now that's out of the way, where do I begin?

I guess my problems began when I was a pre-teen. I still don't understand it, and I've gone to therapy. I want to kill myself. I've been wanting to kill myself since I was 10 or 11 years old. I'm 32 years old now. I've been stuck in a 72 hour hold before. Life is not getting better. Ok I'm rambling.

12 years old and I tell my mother I want to commit suicide. She cried and told me how life is beautiful and everyday is worth living. I guess I didn't do it over the feeling of guilt or shame or fear but I'm still alive today. My mother passed away when I was 16 years old. I never had a good relationship with my father. I suppose we were closer when I was younger, but as I grew older we grew further and further apart. My dad was never a bad man. He had a temper and would spank my sister and I if we got out of hand but he was a good father and always made sure we were taken care of. I'm rambling again. Anyway, when I was about 24 I decided to pack my things and move from Eastern Canada to California. I had been living on my own anyway in a dead end job and my girlfriend at the time was an American citizen living in California and had asked me if I wanted to move out there to be closer to her. I stuffed my entire life into my little emerald green 94 Toyota Tercel and started driving West to San Francisco. Life in the US was great at first. My gf and I got married, despite our constant fighting it was really good. Her family welcomed me as their own, and we were both able to get jobs at the same company. Then 2008 hit and my new life, that I thought would get me out of the cycle of depression, was gone. My initial thoughts were that I needed to provide for my wife. Unemployment wasn't even a thought. That same night I was laid off I enlisted into the United States Marine Corps.

I joined the Marines at 26 years of age, and turned 27 in boot camp. I was too old to make it a career and with no degree I couldn't become an officer. My wife and I packed up and moved from NorCal to SoCal, a move she never wanted to do but did anyway because of me. Anyway, during my time in the military I became distant from my wife, both emotionally and physically. I started to see her more as a friend and a roommate than my wife. I deeply regret this but I don't even know if it's something I could have changed regardless. It was at this time when my eyes and heart started to wander. We separated in January of 2013, about the time I got out of the military. I stayed in SoCal and she went back North.

The first few months being separated weren't too bad I suppose. I was getting used to going to school again and I had a new place. I was even maintaining a 4.0 GPA. Then September 2013 is when everything became very real. Suicidal thoughts had always been there, they never left. I would sometimes get a random bout of depression but it was never so severe to where I broke down crying with an actual plan to end my life. I told my friend the next day that I was having some serious issues with my head and he advised me to go to the local VA and get assistance. I went into the VA for the first time since getting out of the military so they had me go through all these screenings. I only remember the mental examination. "Do you ever have thoughts of harming yourself or others?" When the VA rep reviewed my answers she asked if I was, at that moment, suicidal. I replied that I was and she said that I would need to go to the hospital to be checked out. If you know California law then you know where this is heading. I was stuck in a 72 hour hold for thoughts of suicide. This was one of the worst times of my entire life. It was so bad that if anyone were to ask me again if I am feeling suicidal, my answer would be a resounding no.

The 72 hour hold came at a time in my school semester that absolutely ruined it. I had missed a couple of midterm exams and despite having a real medical excuse, none of my professors would let me take a makeup test. So I dropped out of school and tried to explain to the VA my reason for dropping. Thankfully the VA understood and I did not have to repay the tuition but now I was stuck with no classes, no income (I was getting paid through the GI Bill), and a whole lot of time on my hands to think depressing thoughts.

A few Marine friends of mine decided to move in with me during the December 2013 and we've all been living together since. We all get along pretty well but I tend to isolate myself from them. I lock myself away in my room and don't talk to anyone. It's not that I enjoy being alone, I hate it. I just feel like even when I'm hanging out with them in the living room I still feel totally alone. Sometimes they ask me what's wrong or what I'm thinking about and I can never tell them the truth. I really hate putting my shit on other people (I guess that's why I'm doing it here anonymously). I really don't know what to do anymore. I was recently assaulted and robbed for $800 and my laptop. I guess it's a lesson to never carry your rent money on you. I guess that's one of the final straws. I've lost faith in the goodness of people. I've also become too cynical for anyone to enjoy my company.

I'm really reaching out here. I don't think I've ever disclosed this much about my life ever. I'm hurting really badly and I need help. Please someone help me.
