I Just Want To DieIts as simple as the title states. I don't have anything to live for anymore, tbh my life never was much to begin with. (TLDR because yes, this is long. My life sucks, always has, I am going to be homeless again and instead of taking more L's than my inventory can stack I'd rather just kill myself this time around) 

When I was 8 I was raped orally and never really grew out of the shock. All through my life I've been on a leash because my family is afraid of the outside world so I never had any real interactions, or even knew how to handle them. School days I was mostly depressed which cut my social life even more, nobody wants to talk to the poor kid that never smiles. Anxiety and depression makes you a different person but hey, we all get different cards to play.

College was actually starting off great but then everything went wrong. Took it in strides and tried to move on but turns out my financial aid wasn't setup properly and art majors never find any real success. Long story short, couldn't pay for classes, books, food, so I dropped out. 

Came back home, got a job, thought I could start my dream as a streamer on the side. Turns out my family had other plans, saw me buy a computer for 500 dollars and I was given an ultimatum. Either buy a new car asap or risk being homeless, great family I tell you. I was 18 and wasn't allowed to work in highschool so I thought my best bet was to get started on my future! TLDR of what the story would've been but I got setup by my old best friend for possession of marijuana and my family thought I would take real jail time. Even though I was told by my lawyer that it is extremely rare for the smallest misdemeanor, never went to jail actually.(yes, he literally set me up to take his fall)... So they stole my car and ps4 that I used to stream. (500 dollar pc's can't stream well so I financed a ps4 and they thought I would be in jail and unable to pay)

Typical family talk, they tell you they want the best for you, "streamers don't make guaranteed money". *Pulls up a page of Summit1G* , *ignored* . So I gave up on that dream and ended up losing my job after the arrest.(which in turn led me to lose my car because of payments) So I started my life over again... With a less paying job and trying to get a car but sadly my family is the type who thinks you owe them a paycheck for being born... So there went saving for a car. In order to cut down this already long post, this basically happens to me from 18-24(current) I have lived in many fucked up places and had got severely injured so here I am back at my family's home.

Cut to this October and I can't pay rent, currently over 50% of my income is going into bills and my Mother thought, " Hey why not make him pay rent while he tries to save for a car?" So now bump that to a healthy 90% of my income a month. Can't pay rent you say?? To the streets with you!

So instead of going homeless for the 15th time I thought, FUCK IT, why not kill myself? Yeah, my family will probably miss me, but the world will continue to rotate without me. I'm good at a lot of things, I'm a very kind and generous (when I can be) person, I generally help everyone I can because my dream was to reach out to others with anxiety and depression through twitch... I'm doing the best I can in my area. I really love this world and the people in it but I'm tired of my life being a shit show. My friends left me behind so I've turned to reddit, I'm constantly poor, I'm constantly hungry as a result, and I'm constantly thrust in to this fucked up cycle of suffer to suffer with a little sprinkle of happiness annually. 

This isn't everything bad that has happened to me over the course of my life and yea, happy things happen. As seldom as they usually are they tend to last for about a week and then I'm already thrust into more turmoil. You guys probably can't change my mind as I've already heard every motivational thing possible! I at least want to talk to everyone before I decide how to kill myself, might as well give what little light there is still left in me a chance.