My life is trashI left school for a year at 13 years old due to health complications. During that time I couldn’t make friends by going to school so I tried to make friends online. I met a bad influence, ended up getting sexually abused by the person and ultimately became a sex worker by 14.  I got addicted to drugs and the one year off of school turned into a few more. Drugs during the developmental years coupled with severe trauma has left my brain hardly functioning. I went back to a community college but could never understand anything the teacher was saying. I would fail every assignment and have trouble even waking up to make it to class so I dropped out. I feel brain dead. 

It was impossible to make friends there anyway. All of the other students talk about looking back on their high school experience, who they’re dating, career plans, wanting to move out of their parents house and go to parties etc. I’m at a very different place due to my odd circumstances. 

I’m safe now (no more sex work), and I have a wonderfully supportive family, but I can’t see a point in going on. Now I have the time to go out to restaurants, see a show, pursue my hobbies, and try to enjoy my life, but whenever I do anything all I can think about is how I’m different from everyone around me. When I see a group of teen girls laughing together at the mall I think of how I’ll never have that. Sometimes I even begin to cry. It’s frustrating because I’m the same age as these people yet I have to watch it pass me by. I feel like an old woman looking out through my eyes reminiscing on a childhood I didn’t get. 

Most days when I try to go out and do something it’s just miserable. Or my intrusive thoughts cause me to cry in public. On the rare occasion I am happy while out doing something, when I get back home it hits me hard. Great, I did something enjoyable for 2 hours, now I’m going to sit in my room depressed for 12 hours until I fall asleep. And then repeat.

I just want to be done for good. Please no more of this.