I can’t deal with losing my best friend, losing two of my other “friends”, and school and homeworkI have known my best friend for two years, let’s call her Andrea. This year, I met some of her other friends and joined her friend group. I already knew two people. Andrea and one of my friends, “Crystal”. I joined the group and met everyone and everything was going well. Then, I came to terms with one of my long lost friends and we became friends again. Let’s call him Floyd. We talked in person and on Instagram. One day, he found out about a really bad embarrassing thing I did. I thought we were friends again, but he blackmailed me. He forced me to tell Andrea and she was ok with it and understood. Then he said that wasn’t enough and I had to tell all my friends in the friend group. I told my part of the story to some of them and then Floyd told them and blew it way out of proportion. He also teamed up with Crystal, who I thought I was friends with, to tell them what I “did to him” and how “toxic” I am. Turns out, we were friends before but she got mad at me because I’m “toxic” and never told me. She was acting all nice around me and didn’t even tell me that she’s mad. They talked about me, blackmailed me, and then told my best friend bullshit. I texted Andrea and she said that she’s not going to be involved with me because I’m causing drama. I begged her to let me explain and she blocked me. I have talked her out of suicide several times and she’s scared of me now because of the bullshit Floyd and Crystal told her. I haven’t talked to her in a few weeks, but I’m still freaked out about this whole thing. I made new friends, but I still miss her. And I can’t stop wondering if my friends actually like me because of what happened with Crystal. I’m so stressed about school too. I’m in all AP classes and I have so much homework. I also have band practice for three hours after school almost every day and it’s so hard to get everything done. I even have tons of homework on the weekend. I need a break and I can’t even get one on the weekend. I just want to die, I bet Andrea, Crystal, and Floyd would be happy.