I killed someone because I took too long to kill myselfI've never posted on Reddit before so here goes nothing.

About 4 or 5 years ago this girl I knew killed herself, the thing is I know for a fact that I could've kept her alive. Around that time and even way before then I was suicidal, I almost attempted suicide several times but always backed out at the last second, if I died before she did the world wouldn't have lost anyone important. The girl would've thought about what she was doing and realised she wasn't an actual waste of space, at least my death would've saved a goddamn life.

I read and reread the articles posted about her death several times a week, thinking over and over again how I could have single-handedly saved her before she even became that desperate. I think about it when people tell me I'm a good person, or smart, or celebrate anything to do with me. I think about it when I go to sleep, when I'm proud of myself, when I'm happy, sad, angry. I think about it every new years, every birthday, every Christmas. It haunts me in life too, I now share a class with someone who knew her better than I did (I'm in college now so it's not even the same school) and every time I look at them I remember. I really feel like I've gotten away with murder and its horrible, I can't live with this guilt.

I feel like I'm responsible for so many of my friends' pain and their suicidal thoughts because I simply can't be a better friend to them - I want to blame my autism but I think I'm just a defective human being in general. Since the girl died, several of my friends have come close to suicide, heck, I even watched my own mother try to kill herself. Now that she's divorced I'm scared she'll try again because she's so depressed. My younger sister is in a really bad place too and I'm so scared that she'll fuck up her life because everyone around her is falling apart.

I can't live with the guilt of killing that girl so I've planned a day to die in a couple of years. That leaves me with enough time to try and fix everything that appears to be broken so I keep trying to lift people's spirits and be friendly (I'm pretty bad at it, it's not working) while at the same time not letting anyone know how I feel because I don't want to waste anyone's time when I'm going to die anyways (although I guess this post technically counts so sorry for wasting your time). Just to make sure that I do die in the next few years, I've already begun to sabotage my own life. I didn't apply to university and I plan to just fail my college course and screw up my attendance so that I just end up getting a dead end job that makes me wanna kill myself even more.

I've been wanting to kill myself since I can remember, trying to suffocate myself with my own pillow is one of my earliest memories. I think hanging would've been the way to go, I now know how to tie a noose from memory so I make mini nooses for my finger out of string whenever I'm bored. That's definitely how I'm going to kill myself, especially since that was how the girl died, it just seems fitting. I've also stocked up on medicine in case I want to overdose instead, and I guess I could just drink bleach or rat poison or something but I'm too much of a coward to do that.

These days this whole thing plays on my mind a lot more so I might just kill myself this year, I dunno, the only reason I'm still alive is cause I like playing video games to be honest. I have to time it right though cause I don't want anyone else to feel like it's their fault. 

Honestly the biggest fear I have is that I won't go through with it again and that someone else will die again. I just hope I'm brave enough this time.

I guess the other thing I want to say is if you're reading this and you feel like you want to die, you probably don't deserve to and I'm really really sorry for whatever's going on, I hope things get better for you.