Darkness. So much darkness.TW: Suicide, Sexual Assault, and Self-Harm
I'm in so much pain. I've been in so much pain. I don't understand how. I don't understand why. Oh how I wish I could go back to myself 10 months ago and stop this from ever escalating and turning into an issue. I can't live with myself. I weep for my brain. I weep for the person I once was. This past year has been a fucking nightmare and I don't know if I'll ever heal from it. This is what I get for trying to be someone I'm not. I hate to include her in this but the truth is she's been such a huge facilitator and/or reason behind this terrifying year that I can't fathom how much she hurt me and caused me to hurt myself. It's just amazing how one person can screw you up psychologically. I started dating her around early September 2016, and from as early as a week in something didn't feel right. So I break up with her for the first time, and she makes a huge deal on how I'm the only one meant for her and she tells me of how her dad hurts her and I don't know what. I feel bad for her so I stay. Throughout it all, I deal with hard anxiety &amp; depressive thoughts. Things only get worse in February. In one of the worst heat of my anxiety attacks, I needed help and I needed it now, so I ask for the help of my friend (All of this is happening while my ex is aware of it all, she knows that I'm going through so much pain and she knows that this relationship was the direct cause of it all). My friend comes over and she tells me that I need a break from the relationship. To which I respond obviously with "I couldn't possibly do that, I can't take a break from it." I slightly pitch it to my girlfriend and she makes a big deal saying how it was selfish of me to do such a thing and that it's negatively affecting her to such a degree so my friend leaves, and I just go back to my room. After about half an hour, things start intensifying in my head and I need help. So I go online to whatever chat form I could find help in and that's when I found the 'help' of someone, desperate for help and not thinking clearly, I ask for his help and he picks me up and takes me to his apartment. After I spill everything to this 47-year-old stranger, he starts insisting that he sees my dick...I tell him no. He keeps insisting. I tell him no again. He keeps insisting. I tell him to stop and that I have a girlfriend. He tells me oh so it's okay for me to see your dick online but not in person? I don't know what he meant by that. I tell him dude what? what are you saying? He tells me to show him my dick. I tell him no again. He says it again. I'm scared at this point. I comply. He starts touching it and I panic. My mind shuts down. My body shuts down. I don't know what is right or what is wrong. I just want it all to be over. He takes me to his bedroom. Then he begins to put his lips on it. I tell him no. He tells me to relax and I'm scared at this point. I ejaculate and then he just looks at me with such a disgusting look like I've conquered you. He drops me back home. I go to sleep and try to forget it.
The next day, I wake up all anxious and I tell my girlfriend of the situation. She tells me what? And I begin to tell her the details. For starters, she starts policing me on how it wasn't rape but rather sexual assault since I was the one that voluntarily went to his car. I told her I went for help, not to be assaulted. So I keep going on with this relationship. What kept me together after the traumatic incident was that I didn't cheat on her. That's what kept me sane. I was in such a state of turmoil, lack of self-worth, and just overall disgustingness that the only thing I could think of, of such an event wasn't that I was violated, but rather that I didn't cheat on her and that's okay I guess.
The anxiety comes back to bite on March 2017, and I break up with her on the day when it returned after consulting with a friend and his mother. I didn't block all contact with her. That was a mistake. She blows up my phone with crying videos of her on snapchat and god knows what else. I go back to her over and over again every time I try to leave, she'd find a new mind game to play with and she'd catch me back in her arms. I go back to her again, time after time. I can't believe I was so dumb. I go back to her for the final time around June 2017 and we're together for 4 months. I was planning on killing myself on New Years so that I could finally find an escape from this relationship but I get a university offer from one of the world's top universities and that sustains me. I know what I have to do now. I need to break up with her.

Meanwhile all of this I attempt suicide twice, 2 days after each other and I begin to self-harm. I still have the cuts to show it. Humans are so fragile, yet we believe that we are not. I never thought that it would get this bad but it did, and all because of one girl and my lack of backbone. I tell my friend about it. She just calls me stupid. She's the same friend who when I told her that I relapsed into self-harm, she told me to think about my girlfriend and that I don't care about her because I self-harmed even though she's the reason ? I don't get it. 

I couldn't get myself to break up with her so I just postpone, postpone, postpone until guess what? I start to develop PTSD when I think about the rape incident. All the while, when I first started getting triggered, I tried to find ways to seek out justice on my part. I go to a lawyer, and she tells me that there's not much I could do about it since it wasn't penetrative rape, and that the process would be very dehumanizing on my part and since I live in a homophobic country, any cases of homosexuality, even rape, would mean that both parties get the punishment. But she'll pass the information to the investigative department. She does. Nothing happens for 3 weeks. I lose hope. All the while, my brain is being fried up and I can't do much. I go to therapy, that doesn't work. I try everything that doesn't work. I decide to take a break from everything for a day while I'm still with my girlfriend. I tell her I'm taking a break for a day. She tells me that I shouldn't do that because I emotionally abused her time and time again by breaking up with her and that what I was doing was selfish. I ignore. She takes 5 of the most powerful pills in the world in the same night. She tells me the next day that she might have an ulcer. I send her flowers. The day after that she tells me that I don't love her because I'm still ignoring her (EVEN THOUGH MY BRAIN FEELS LIKE ITS FALLING AND ITS BREAKING APART AND I CANT DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT EVEN TO THIS DAY). I break up with her.
I break up with her and she still keeps in contact. Her friends start harassing me telling me to grow up and that I'm a monster and I should take responsibility for my actions and I broke her heart and whatever. I finally feel semi-normal. Until my ptsd flares up and keeps flaring up over and over again. I start to analyze everything and now I feel so disgusting, just wondering why I went to that guy when in hindsight, I knew I shouldn't have. I should've stayed at home and just endured the anxiety attacks. I tried to find justice for the assault but I can't. I started talking to my assaulter as a 14 year old boy, and there's some nasty chat logs of him talking to this persona I created of a 14-year-old boy, introducing him to masturbation, jerking-off, calling him sexy, inciting him to have a 3-some with him and the 14-year-old-boy's friend (my other persona). I did everything in my power to seek justice but there's nothing I can do. I didn't know he was like this, I just needed help for my relationship issues. Why the fuck are people out there like this? I keep getting triggered and I weep for the losses my brain has endured, like mental stability. I weep for the losses I have lost, my confidence, my innocence. I weep for what I could have achieved had I not lost these components and I weep for the children in my position and in far worse situations. I don't know if I could do this anymore. I don't know if I can. My parents don't know anything about all of this. Only my sister knows and she's supportive and I'm grateful for her. My older brother, I've tried to tell him about it but all he's done is call me a liar and say that I don't have PTSD, and that I'm just a liar. I wish I was lying. I wish I wasn't assaulted. I wish I was making all this up. But the truth is, my head hurts and I can never be who I wanted to be, not in the same way at least. I know I can do this, but the question is why this suffering? Why me? Why all this pain? I'm a good person. I've done nothing but good. All the assholes in my class group have never experienced something like this yet I was always the one who was respectful to everyone or at least tried to be. Why did that come back to bite me in the ass?
My friend went through something similar in terms of the sexual assault, and yet he's perfectly okay. I asked him how? He told me to just move on. Accept it. Move on. I don't know how he can do it so easily. I feel bad every time I break up the situation to him but it pains me. It hurts me. It's revolting me. Every time I think of how I'm the one who's suffering while that asshole isn't just makes me want to kill him. I've found it in my heart to forgive him for what's he done to me, yesterday and I thought I was doing good today in terms of moving on and letting go but I left the house and that's when shit hit the fan. I thought of all the people around me who probably had never experienced something like this and I envy them so much. The worst part about it is that there was so much I could've done. I could've fought back. I could've left the guy's apartment. I don't know why I just stayed and submitted. There is an element of choice. I chose to be assaulted. I chose to go to him. I chose to fuck myself over. Maybe I deserved all of this. I chose to self-harm. I chose to fuck up my arm. I chose to hurt. My friend thinks this is life's way of telling me to toughen up but I don't see how others have it so much easier than other people. I wish I just stayed at home. I could've dealt with all the pain instead of this frothing up and killing me slowly. Maybe I deserve to die. Maybe I don't. The feelings that it would incite in my family is more than enough for me to not but it's so hard. Every day is so hard. Every day is so hard. It's like I'm constantly fighting this battle and that one day when I'm 40, I'm going to snap and just do it. I've had problems when it came to the world and all, they were so much easier to deal with than when it came to having problems on the inside. I wish I was never assaulted. I could deal with it all except for that. I wish it never happened. I want to feel normal again. I want to have a normal brain again. I want to go back in time and just sit at home and tell him to go fuck himself but I know that if I did go back in time, I'd still go back to him and I'd still fuck myself over because I needed help. Why does life feel like torment? 