I just overdosed on Zoloft...Last night, after being heartbroken by someone I just met a month ago, I overdosed on Zoloft. I took about 15-20 pills. This was around 9 PM. I managed to g to sleep around 11:30 PM- 12 AM but I couldn’t stay asleep due to the pain in my stomach so I woke up at around 1:30 AM this morning. I’m debating on whether or not I should go to the hospital or to just let my symptoms do their thing before they go away. I have overdosed on Zoloft before and that was about 3 weeks ago. I just felt nauseous and had extreme stomach pain and diarrhea the whole day but the hospital gave me an IV and medicine and I felt better. The only bad part was going to a mental institution. It was horrible. I felt so alone and I felt like I didn’t get the help I needed. I have no idea why I am so self destructive. I wish I wasn’t so stupid to overdose twice. Now my parents and my siblings are going to be so disappointed. Everyone who helped me when I overdosed the first time is going to be so disappointed. I have no idea what to do. I feel like if I call 911 then they may force me to go to a mental hospital once I’m treated for my overdose. I wouldn’t mind but I didn’t plan on being in this position. I went to get but it seems like my life isn’t worth living at all. I feel so blank and lost. Ever since I left the hospital I haven’t been the same. I have trouble focusing and remembering things. I have the hardest time comprehending things as well. I just feel so slow and stupid. I feel like I lost my personality. I no longer have a passion for the things I used to have a strong passion for. I don’t know what I want to do with my life and thinking about it is so overwhelming that I just want to commit suicide so I won’t have to deal with it. I also just got my heart broken and now I feel like I’ll never find the right person or someone decent that I can manage to date and be in healthy relationship with. I’ve made so many mistakes in life that I’m convinced it’ll never get better and I can’t recover from them. I made a lot of money for my age last year and worked my ass off for all the money I earned and my dumb ass spent it on stupid sh*t. I had a problem with impulsively buying things I didn’t need. Now that I’m having trouble getting paid and working at my new job and I haven’t been working really, I’ve been doing so much better at not spending so much money on unnecessary things. It’s actually been over a month that I’ve noticed this. I still can’t seem to stop beating myself up for spending all that money because it was a lot. I could’ve bought a car or a MacBook or a camera to film YouTube videos with, editing software, books- things that would actually benefit me and give me something to do. I could’ve moved out of my parent’s house by now. I could have so much and have my life together but I f***ed it all up. Just like I always do. 

At this moment I’m debating on whether or not I should pack a bag and go to the hospital. I’m still in pain and I’m dizzy and lightheaded. I can’t sleep and I feel like crap.