I need to vent 22nd day posting here. Still feel dead inside. My body hurts because I barely do anything else than sitting. Doctors gave me some pills but honestly i need more than just pills for my physical pain. I don't know how to reach out for help because I feel like they didn't take me seriously when I tried. I haven't touched my video game yesterday so I guess that's a win?Went out for a walk twice instead. It feels wierd going outside but it's not anxiety... it's hard to describe. Everything is bland. City life is horrible for poor people even here in Canada. I have enough money to live because I don't spend a lot. But that's obviously not the problem. Everything just feels pointless. 

I started having lower back pains today and it really doesn't help my morale. It started as a pain in one of my balls a few days ago and for thid reason sex is hard. No puns intended. I feel like my lack of sex drive due to pain is taking a toll on my bf. He thinks I'm not attracted to him anymore and have some doubts already since I'm bisexual. Starting to really get why people say that you can't be bisexual. You guys have no idea how hard it is to live with being attracted to both men and women. You can't have both at the same time.

 I have been hurt by roo many women in the past so I feel like can't trust anymore. I feel like it's not gonna work with them usually at the second or third date if it even goes that far and suddenly lose all interest. The funny thing is I can always feel the slow loss of interest in me. 

 I feel like we as men are expected to give a lot to them only for "hopes of" and if in the end someone "better" comes in, you're done. Dating has become this boring game of trying to compete against people who are richer than me, cooler than me, have a better job than me, have a family that doesn't make fun of them for being wierd constantly, throws party, have more friends than me, have a generally better life than me. There's no way to win. Now the problem isn't that. I'm sexually/emotionally attracted to my boyfriend. So why do I occasionally have this urge to have sex with a woman even though I know i don't want to be emotionally attached to one/know i cant be? I watch straight and transgender porn (yeah not ashamed and if you make fun of people for that FUCK YOU). I feel like gay porn is too raw. Or maybe that's me trying to make sense out of something I don't  know/dont want to know about myself? 

Anyway I'm going to the doctor now so I'll have to sit for a few hours and they'll probably return me home with some more painkillers that work half the time. Another dull and numb day in sight tbh...