This is all pointlessI wake up everyday wishing I would just die. 

My life is absolutely pathetic. My wife has told me she wants me around only as a friend.  At work, women fucking sexually harass me. My kid sees me as some sort of moneybag. My job at work is just to reprimand people and say no constantly. 

I can't just leave my wife without getting my son pulled from his school since there is no way either of could live in this neighborhood as there no apartments only housing in district. And she is a complete conniving bitch I would be cut from custody.

I've been doing this for 12 years in on learning I'm in a loveless marriage. And I've got about 4 more years until my son enters college. I can always get another job, but I just can't up and quit. There's no evidence at work, and I'm just too fucking drained to log each and every incident in a concise manner. 2nd my commute is 3 hours, so there is no time to look for a new job when I literally just feel constant pain, and exhaustion when I come home.

Coming home is a joke. All I do is pick up after everyone's ass for 2 hours after dinner. Because they are tired too, but they watch fucking tv for hours. 

There is no time for friends. And my friends all have these great lives. I'm just barely treading water.

I can't kill myself, because then there is no insurance money to take care of my kid. 

I'm even active in the community. But it's basically because if I didn't, the parent social committee would dissolve and my son and neighbor woulnt have their after school activities. Again I'm left holding the bag of steaming Shit while everyone else has fun.

But fuck it I wish everyday a transport truck would take me out. Or when I walk into a bank someone would shoot up the place. 

Probably as soon as my kid is in college, I'm just going to find some quiet place to die, and overdose. Just disappear. I don't even give a shit about anyone getting closure. I just want this fucking endless grind of meaningless to end.



