i'm donei'm done. i can't take it anymore. what i do, or say or how i feel is either wrong or just doesn't matter. i'm tired of being told i'm dumb for being autistic despite people thinking i'm smart when they don't know i'm autistic.. being told i'm mentally ill for being transgender despite it not being classified as a mental illness. being told i'm not actually transgender because i'm ok with my  body despite wanting to cry when someone calls me a woman. being told i'm fake because i'm agender despite being the proof of my own existence. being told i'm inhuman because i'm asexual despite having lots and lots of feelings. being told i have male privilege despite being read as a woman all the time because all you see of me is short hair and a masculine jawline. being told i'm not oppressed for being asexual despite constantly being bullied, made fun of or sexually harassed. being told you shouldn't talk over gay, bi, pan, trans etc. folk despite THAT being what's done to asexual people all the time. being silenced for raising awareness about asexuality despite all the aphobia in the queer community. and then being told it's my fault for "breaking the rules" instead of blaming the aphobic people. nope. blame the asexual. when a bi person points out biphobia it will be acknowledged and recognised. when an asexual person points out aphobia they are just overreacting. i'm tired of not getting an actual therapist to help me with my social anxiety disorder. i'm tired of this condition fucking up my life. i'm tired of having my experiences invalidated by people who don't have the identities i have, or by those who made different or better experiences. i'm tired of being told i'm selfish for putting myself first once in a while. i'm tired of being the scapegoat for my family. i'm tired of hearing my birth name. i'm tired of being mentally abused by my sister. i'm tired of being scared to be out as agender. i'm tired of being confronted with transphobia every day when I'M NOT EVEN OUT. i'm tired of being misrepresented as an asexual person all the time and no one in the queer community cares. i'm tired of being told by other queer folk how corrective sexual harassment in the asexual community was just stolen from the lesbian community. i'm tired of being called transphobic because i use the label "androromantic" despite loving trans people and using the label in a non-transphobic way. i'm tired of not being able to feel safe or accepted anywhere, not even in the queer community which is considered so tolerant. 
according to you i'm not queer enough, not trans enough, not oppressed enough, not miserable enough, not suffering enough, not good enough, in general, not fucking enough. ever.
and the only reason you think this is because my suffering is minimised because of my identities.

i don't want to be here anymore. i don't want to live anymore. i'm a lonely soul with no hope of relief. 
i'm done with this world. fuck this place.

goodbye.