I might kill myself soon.I'm beyond fed up with being alive. It isn't worth it, the excruciating fatigue, being unable to go a day without constant fainting spells, the paranoia, the hallucinations corrupting everything in my life, the inability to tell reality from my brain's little games, the horrible numb feeling so strong I feel like there's some integral part of me missing, it's all fucking shit. Even little things, seeing others able to form connections with people and feel genuine emotion while I just can't. I can't feel emotions other than rage and fear, I can't care about other people, it's horrendous like this.

I've started to get shitty with everyone, I simply do not care at this point. My body is physically and mentally degrading and the doctors don't give a fuck so might as well help it along and fuck with the world while I wait for the right time. I'm going nowhere, there's no job I want, no passions to follow, everything is so dull, pointless, nothing brings me any joy or sadness or anything. I can't live another 60 years in this hell of schizophrenia and monotony where nothing matters and I'll die alone because I refuse to have anyone deal with me. I've been drinking a lot, started downing random medications along with it too, just to see what happens. Running across busy streets to see if I get hit, cutting myself down to nerves and nicking them with my blade to force my body into uncontrollable spasms of pain, I'm just one step away from finishing the deed.

A couple friends know my Reddit account, however they don't check it unless they want to give me a hard time, but once I die they'll definitely have a look for the reasons anywhere they can, so they'll find this. Thing is, I know they all have others, I've made sure to hang around until everyone has found someone else, so that me dying won't be as gut wrenching. People will be sad, sure, but nobody is relying on me. I'm not going to die for a little bit at least, going to have some more fun in life before I go, do things anyone planning to live for a while would never dare. Nothing bad, not murder or anything awful like that, but I do want to go back to my old school and find the creepy 60-something year old teacher who preyed on me when I was 12 and expose him, maybe expose that entire school for their selfishness, the fact that they refused to do anything about the bullying so severe I hung myself over it because it would "harm their reputation" wouldn't be a good look. Might add in a bit about the relentless sexual assault I experienced there too, can't hurt.

Maybe I'll finally give weed a go, might as well try anything I can find as well while I'm at it. Nothing to lose now. It's almost liberating in a way, I can do what I want because I'll be dead soon enough anyway. Fuck all of this.