I done something horrible to my dog when I was 14 and now I feel like killing myself.Basically I haven’t had the easiest start in life. I am 22 years old now. My mum was an alcoholic and a bad mum. She was apparently a good person but she used to neglect me and my 4 older sisters, she would argue with her violent boyfriend and apparently some of her boyfriends were violent to my sisters and would shout in my face when I was a baby. 

When I was 3 all my sisters went into care and I lived with my dad who was a decent man. My mum was unfit to be a parent. When I was 4 my mum killed herself. I remember my dad telling me she is dead. 

When I was 5 almost 6 my sister who was aged 19 died. This was very painfull and I remember crying at school.

My dad was very harsh on me growing up, he would beat me for silly reasons, verbally assault me calling me disgusting names and he would even spit at me in anger. On top of this I was badly bullied at school physically and emotionally. 

When I was 11 I found myself finally in a good place but when I was 13 my dad got diagnosed with cancer which changed everything. I went into a very depressive state, became adicted to porn and started smoking.

When I was 14 my drunken sister randomly told me that her and my other sister were sexually abused our mums ex boyfriend when they were 3 years old (She was that drunk she even went into detail). This made me feel physically sick and was quite traumatic. At this point everything was so bad that I wanted god  to just kill me, I felt worthless and honestly thought no girl would ever love me. If a girl spoke to me a school I wouldn’t even entertain a conversation because my confidence was rock bottom that I actually thought she was mocking me. 

When I was 14 i was masturbating 5-10 times a day to escape reality and my dog kept on trying to lick my penis. I always used to push him away but one day he licked it and as sick as it sounds it must have felt good. It went from him licking my penis to me putting my penis in his mouth. He was distraught or in pain but he was definitely uncomfortable. I done this on about 3 occasions then must have stoped due to guilt. 

My dad died when I was just turning 16 and I went into care which changed me. I’m now 22 and feel physically sick with what i done. I genuinely can’t help but think I should be hanged. I hate sexual abusers with a passion and I love animals and would never ever even dream about hurting one. I am even a vegan and have volunteers at animal shelters in the past. I have been around loads of dogs unsupervised and nothing like what happened when I was 14 has come into my mind. I just can’t get my head around how I could do something that fucked up. I honestly feel like killing my self and have actually planned ways to do it. I have prayed prayed and prayed and believe god has forgiven me but I can’t forgive myself. 