I dont expect anyone to read this, I just want it somewhere else than on my hd8:25pm EST 2/2/13

I had the chance to die tonight. 

The day began tentatively, it was a Saturday, I had boxing at 2pm. Boxing on the weekends meant boxing with Adam who’s a southpaw and a lot better than me with no ability to control power. I thought I was gonna get my nose broken, would’ve been better if I had. 
It was humiliating; there was even a new guy who doesn’t train there at all but was a natural, who kicked my ass with ease as Adam does. I couldn’t even hold up through the exercises and drills. Adam rocked me back into the mirrors on the wall doing the up count to 10 via jab and jab cross drill. Adam had no problem taking my hits, my jab was weak as hell and my cross was nowhere near as strong. I was leaning too much on my left foot. 
And sparring. Sparring was the worst part. They all danced around me, flurried and battered me. Darryl even switched it up so I was just offense and they were defense and I was still pitiful; I couldn’t land anything, they landed everything. Big Chris said before sparing that in a year it’d be me in a toughman, and those words stung after my floundering. I didn’t move, I didn’t throw, I didn’t do anything. It was like I couldn’t move my body. I wanted to blame it on the cold but we had turned on the heater in the gym and it wasn’t cold anymore. I was just pathetic. 

This isn’t supposed to happen. Not like this anyway. I did this…I did this to better myself; I took up boxing because it was supposed to remove all the sad and lethargic, cut the fat and the meek out of my life. But it hasn’t. I know things might take time, I know that I’ve only been there four months or whatever, but that’s no excuse for my failure. 
And if this is a failure…if this, the radical edge in reach of my resources is not enough to fix me then I do not know what can. /This is the ultimatum curfew that passes the regional experience that bethrones all the bastardization that had come before me/. My chin trembled on the ride home as I tried to control myself. I didn’t cry, but I couldn’t compose myself properly either. I could see myself in the reflection of anything. I could see my shortcomings, my weakness, my stupidity, my worthlessness, all of the waste that I really am at the end of the day. After I took a shower I was still having bouts of blubbering. 
And what it was, at the end of the day, in the 20/20 hindsight, the idea that I could crash and die on the way there that made me go. It was that and nothing else. I had no desire to go and be humiliated by athletes an innumerable times my skill. I had no desire to go Sunday, or Monday, or any other day. I thought about Blake and other members reassuring me on the weekdays of my progress. I thought about how wholly they must be lying with straight eyes. I imagined that whenever they did spar with me they’d go a whopping ten percent of their power while I would go fifty or more, it made no difference. 

There was an mma fight tonight, in Marion, NC at 6pm. I actually wanted to go at the time it was announced, I even paid my thirty dollars for a ticket. The roads were icy. And I was…unaligned. I went because I wanted to die then. I wanted to skid out on black ice and crash and die. It would look like an accident, it’d be perfect. 

And I did. 

I spun out.

I spun out near Waynesville, I was merging over to the left lane and I guess I went too fast, overcorrected, and reversed the car. It skidded along the guardrail as I nonchalantly cursed my luck, “I get what I ask for, huh?”
I got back on the road after two guys helped me out, an ambulance that either one of them or luck called held back traffic while I got on the road and turned around. I kept going until I reached the Waynesville exit and turned into a Lowe’s parking lot. 

And I was there. 

I was at that point when I could’ve kept going, knowing full well the consequences. I started tearing up again, like a bitch. 
I thought about calling Taylor, telling him it wasn’t an accident and making him promise not to tell my parents as I waited for the cold to take me while my flipped car was wrapped around a tree. A good Samaritan would’ve pulled over and try to open my door in concern. I’d look at him with tears in my eyes then whisper between cracked lips, let me die. The ambulance would come but it’d be too late, I’d die on arrival to the hospital, the last sounds I’d ever hear would be a siren wailing. 

Would it really be so bad? 


Alisha had her baby yesterday…
…a life for a life? How sad could they get at an accident when their darling granddaughter was sleeping in the next room? 





But that’s not what happened.

I sent a text to Dee explaining my bitching out of coming to the fight; I secretly hoped she would reaffirm my cowardice as I had with my call with Taylor. 
And I waited. 

I just waited in that parking lot for a good five minutes or so. Not dramatically long. 

I had the chance to die. 

I could’ve kept going to Marion, I knew I would crash or so if I did. I knew what would happen. And if not going there then coming back the same night. Just to drive that stake in the ground, to be sure that I’d die, to force Death to play its hand. 

But that’s not what happened. 

I turned around and drove 25mph all the way back to school, fishtailing two or three times. 

I felt like a lair and a coward. I had boasted for Death to take me, I wanted to die. I had my chance and when I backed out on it, I was a fraud who didn’t try hard enough. 
