I feel so aloneI have fucked up so much. I was doing so good for so long. I had a major bout of depression about six years ago. I spent a lot of time researching suicide methods. I don't know if I would have ever actually gone through with it though. This time it feels worse somehow. Both times it's about a girl.

This time it's a girl I met five years ago. Right after the depression. I was 27 at the time and she was really the first girl I had ever asked out. We went out a few times then she withdrew. Said she wasn't ready to date anyone. I agreed to stay friends with her. Secretly hoping she would change her mind. We went out several more times over the next few years, but it never went beyond that. Finally, the last time she disappeared, two years ago, I confronted her and she said that it wasn't going to work out.

I thought that was the end of it. Then I thought she was leading me on and giving me mixed message for the past year. Then I found out the other day that she might be interested in a mutual friend that she hangs out with all the time for the past 3 or 4 years. Is a lot younger than her and she has always insisted they were just friends. When I found out about this I flipped out. I texted her and told her I didn't want them coming to my birthday party that night. She asked why and I told her. She finally sent me a message today and said, rightfully, it was none of my business. I told her it was probably best if we weren't friends for a while.

We have a lot of mutual friends and I don't know how they'll respond when they find out. I feel so stupid. I've blamed her for pushing me away. Not realizing how co-dependent I am and how I've built up our relationship in my mind into something more than it was. I wasn't in love with her, but I seriously thought that one day she would change her mind and we would fall in love. Now that's over. And I'm so unprepared to deal with that future because I put so much into the idea that we would eventually be together. It has dominated my thoughts for the past few years to the point of obsession.

I've barely eaten in the past few days. My head is pounding. My hands are shaking. My brain feels like it's being squeezed. I just threw up what little food I ate today. I've cried my eyes out. I'm 32 years old and I'm so fucking sad and pathetic and lonely. I don't want to kill myself. I want to live. But i'm so unprepared for life that I'm scared. I don't want to be alone. I've always been alone. I don't know how to not be alone. I can't relate to other people. I can sometimes, enough to get by, but it's hard.

I can't let her go in my mind. I keep thinking that in a few months this will all blow over and she'll realize she misses me. So fucking stupid. It's so hard for me to get close to someone that I can't imagine having to start over with someone else.

I just want to crawl in bed and sleep for a year.