The straw that broke...So i lost my job this week. It was a shit job but it paid ok and it took almost 3 months to find this one. This past summer i had to move back in with my parents. After losing my job of 8 years that i actually loved, i had to move back in. I spent the next month in a severe depression. As i was job hunting and getting nowhere it just compounded and eventually i was spending days in my room not leaving to do much but eat, sometimes, and go to the bathroom. But i did finally find this crappy warehouse job that paid well. But now i got laid off from that. I've spent the week filling out literally probably 45 applications but today it's all come crashing down. I've been in bed all day not sleeping just laying there with no motivation to even get up, picking my phone up to make this post is all the energy i could muster. I can't talk to anyone about this, I've tried taking to my mom but i owe them so much money about 4k that my job is literally like the one thing that actually matters. I'm living in their house owing them their money, and she just doesn't get how completely and utterly worthless i feel. How bad i feel leeching off of them, not that is putting them in a bind my dad makes good money, but I'm just stick in this irreversible rut. How am i supposed to pay them back and move back out without a good job, and i can't seem to get any sort of good job even though i have years of experience. I was a manager making 35k a year, not the best but doable for a single guy, and i can't get hired in the same field as a dish washer. I would literally take any minimum wage job atm but i can't even get that. Think about how you'd feel when people won't even consider you to clean their fucking toilets, it's kinda devastating to your psyche. I'm to the point i think where the burden I've put on my family has started to outweigh my potential contribution to it. They were out of town this weekend at my little brother soccer tournament, and i thought about calling 911 because it's getting to the point of a breakdown, but God damn the fucking cost of that would be ridiculous. I just don't know what to do, it would be so much easier if i didn't wake up in the morning. Why is there not a way to trade your life for someone else's, I'd rather some random person i don't know that contributes to the world, be cured of some life threatening illness and me to just stop existing. Sorry for the illiterate long ass post.