When killing yourself is actually the best solution, but then it's impossibleHello. I'm a 15 years old girl who is a complete maniac. I have to kill myself, because I know I'm going to do horrible things.

I don't know why, but I'm the devil incarnated to the human world. I have lost my mind completely. I am not taking care of myself anymore literally at all which causes me to look like a literal zombie. All I am is having crazy panic attacks because I know that my future is going to be the complete crazy person's future. And I mean completely crazy. A person who just screams and hurts herself and possibly others. I am not going to be able to live with that. But I'm not able to kill myself either, why is killing yourself made so fucking hard nowadays? In the past there where the ececutions, but now, if there is a compeletely crazy person who is a danger to the society and even herself wants to kill herself, why has that made to be impossible?

And no, I am not going to recover. This is not something you recover from. I have literally no traumatic experiences in my past (yeah, I don't know how that is even possible) where I could try to heal from, I've been just born like this. I don't have any dreams, personal opinions, skills or just anything in my personality. I don't even feel connection to other people. When I am around people, I'm just sitting there quietly and if I have to do or say something it's not working because my brain is empty. I have no friends anymore. I am just empty and have always been. Now these past two weeks just was finally the point that I lost it all in my mind.

So, I know these past two days were the last days I could have saved everyone from suffering and killed myself. No one really knew yet, I was left alone for a long time to our house. But I couldn't figure out a way to kill myself. I was so lost from my mind already, that I tried hanging myself twice even though I was pretty sure it wouldn't work because the ropes were in such a bad condition. Of course the both ropes snapped. Now I have these bruises in my neck. What the fuck? How do you explain that to anyone? My family is going to notice at some point. Or I mean I should be going to the mental hospital and should go to a personal room locked away from any people if they have any brain in their head in the hospital, so maybe my parents are never going to see me again.

I just can't understand why. Why is the situation this? I have a loving amazing family and everything in my past went so well. WTF? Why did the devil need to be put on Earth? I know what my future is now. I don't know how I'm going to survive that. I can't survive with all the pain I'm going to cause to others. I have the most amazing little sister and little brother, and they are going to be traumatized for the rest of their lives. My amazing parents are probably not going to survive either. 

To you, who is reading this; If you are feeling suicidal, I hope my life gives you hope. Even if you feel empty at the moment because of depression, with your case it's not who you really are. You have the acces to love, to feeling connection to other people, to desire, to have opinions, to dream, to have skills. You have a soul. And your soul is possible to heal, so you have to heal it. I am so jealous of you.