What do I do?Last week I had been feeling a lot more suicidal than usual. I feel in general my life is very purposeless but during this particular week I was beginning to feel like even my usual support of friends was off. I felt that I was hurt by the actions and inconsideration of some of my friends and I wanted to address them but was struggling with how. I knew a lot of our problems are not solely to blame on them but also on me, I feel because of my mental health I am often not a very active and caring friend but I felt more recently I have been making an effort to be less passive aggressive and more cognizant of how I make others feel.

This week after having some intense conversations with friends about my inability to communicate and general selfishness, I am horrified to realize that I am the problem. Although my friends did express that they feel that we all could do a better job of appreciating one another and being better friends, I feel like they still all meant mostly me. One of my best friends in my whole entire life has expressed wanting space and time away from me and our toxic friendship.

What is worse is, I felt like my friend group were the people I cared about and cherished most in my life. I don’t have a great relationship with my family and don’t have many interests or hobbies, I am a pretty boring person but I felt what I liked about myself was that I make my friends happy. Now even that is not true.

I feel so guilty for hurting people around me, I wish I was more selfless and considerate but even when I thought I was trying more it wasn’t enough. I feel like how could I ever possibly want to live when the thing that I felt was keeping me alive I was basically exploiting? 

I don’t think I want to kill myself because I don’t want my friends to blame themselves. I do recognize I need to change and get better but I also feel... it wasn’t always me not reaching out or being unkind, there are times I can remember where I felt the same way, but again I think that maybe I just have a warped sense of reality and that I am actually just being selfish? It’s hard to think straight.

I have a boyfriend who is supportive and taking my side in things, but I fear maybe he’s biased because he has not known these friends as long as I have. I never really post to reddit but I just feel like I wish someone, anyone, would just tell me exactly what to do to stop feeling this way forever.