I don't want to get betterI have been unhappy for most of my life (I want to say it started around 12 or 13 years old and I am now almost 23). I started having suicidal thoughts in September of 2015 so I decided it was time I get professional help. I went through my university's health and wellness center and they stuck me with a student doing rotations or something like that. She wasn't very helpful and I found myself acting out on days I went to see her. I stopped going to those visits in the middle of January. The suicidal thoughts haven't stopped, they're actually getting a lot worse. I went through a short cutting phase in high school and I've started up again recently. I was also bulimic for about a year when I was in high school but managed to stop, that has also started again. I can feel myself getting worse, the thoughts growing stronger. I am not doing anything about them right now. I want to let myself get worse in hopes that I will finally have the guts to kill myself before 2017. I am too lazy to try and get better. I don't want to work towards a happier/healthy future. I just want to let my illness consume me until I feel so bad (or nothing at all) that killing myself will be an easy decision. I have friends who know about this and even though they try and help, they can't. My family knows but doesn't really do anything about it (to be fair, they don't know how bad it is). I really really really want to end my life. I have sterile needles at home that I'm not willing to throw away. I had a couple of sentences about what I want to do but I just read the rule where I can't be explicit about methods (I am new here) and I don't know if I violated that, but I have a couple of ideas of how I would do it. Anyways, I don't really know why I am posting here. I guess I just needed somewhere to vent because it's the middle of the night and all my friends are asleep (I haven't been able to sleep well for the past month). I know that I can get better, but I don't want to. Not sure where to go from here...    