I have truly ruined my life. I did something incredibly wrong that I regret but can't stop doing, and may face jail time. I don't deserve any sympathy for what I have done. I'm thinking about ending my life if I have to go to jail.I'm an 18 year old boy with Asperger's, and I have done something that many consider to be the worst crime of all. Yesterday, my dad found child porn in my email. Now I know your thinking, "ok im not reading this, he deserves everything", but PLEASE just read more. Yes, I'm addicted to child porn. I found it while on a porn site a few years ago, and I just haven't been able to stop looking at it. I never took any of the photos, but I still feel like the absolute worst person in the world and I absolutely don't deserve any sympathy from anyone. I don't want to go into too much detail on how he found it, because it could reveal my identity if my dad were to be on here, but needless to say my dads laptop, which he viewed the porn on is now with the FBI. I have yet to talk to the police about it, but according to my dad, I either go to counseling, or face jail time. Even with counseling though, it doesn't guarantee that I will be immune to the law. The problem is with counseling; I'm afraid my dad may try to put me into conversion therapy. He's blaming my bisexuality on this issue.  My mom said she would try to put me with a non-religious therapist, but she hasn't told dad. When she does, it it gonna cause a major argument, and I have no say in this issue. Of course, once again, I created an argument in the family, like I always do. I'm the cause of all issues with my family. I really feel like this is just god or natures way of saying that I'm a fucked up person and don't deserve to be alive. I don't want to have to live with a felony and sex offender status my whole life, and I don't want to be known as a pedophile by everyone. No, this can't happen. I'm all alone with this issue. If I do have to spend time in jail, I don't think I will survive. I'm Autistic and have the worst social skills, and its hard for me to keep control of my emotions. We also have no money for a lawyer, so that will just make things worse. I told my mom that if the legal costs are too much, then I'm killing myself. I'm stuck in a situation I didn't want to create, but I still did. I am the worst most fucked up person ever. I have no friends and am all alone. I have no hope. I have ruined my entire life. Please help, I am so scared.