Tired of life Two years since that one time, where my current PE teacher called me a disappointment in class. Two years since the time where I held responsibility for being the class vice-chairman, begging the class to go down for the Taekwondo lesson. Two years since then, I felt like this

"Whose the class chairperson?" he said
I raised my hand
"DISAPPOINTING!"

I ran out of the hall with the statement that I was a disappointing. He hated me. It's true. After all, no one loved me. I cried and cried and cried until the counsellor came to comfort me.

That was the day I will never forget. Let's fast forward to this year. Turning 15 in September, I feel worst than I had ever been.

Three weeks ago, we had the first examination for the year. And just a few days ago, I received my official results for my progress. I was pissed at myself. All Bs Cs and an F. I'm fucking sick of it. Until now, I'm still pissed at it. I was never in a good mood since the beginning of the year.

I was tired and sick of this shit. And until now, I'm still pissed at myself for my poor performance. I had high expectations of myself, I always did. And everyone else did.

They think I'm smart, I think I'm dumb, once I proved that I'm just another time waster, they felt the same too. I'm just another person wasting their time which could have been used for something else.

And it always had to be teachers to be the one to pick on me. Out of nowhere, the chemistry teacher decided to have the great idea of telling me, wait, ***shaming*** me infront of *everyone*  in class for my "small and ugly handwriting", where obviously there are people with uglier and smaller handwriting. 

And guess what? She saw *no potential* for me to get good grades for next year's O Levels

In front of everyone

They all hate me

I wished I didn't hesitated to use that craft knife to cut myself. I wished I had the courage to cut in front of everyone in cca. Then I could be like her.

Every other night I always feel like getting out of bed, getting the swiss army knife my dad keeps in the storage room, to do the same thing. 

I just cant help it. I'm a fucking burden 

This is only the tip of the iceberg 
