One year later and I still have nothing to live for.Last year. Some time around September I tried to kill myself. I'm over 30 and that was my third attempt. I was hospitalized, medicated, put into therapy, the works basically. So it's over a year later and I'm honestly in an even more hopeless situation than I was. 

So I'm completely broke. Getting hospitalized is expensive and I'm over $3000 dollars in medical debt. My health insurance with work is shit, and nearly covered nothing. I was relying on my friends who said that they would financial support me if I just finally got some help. So that was a lie. I'm two months behind on rent and utilities and my landlord is getting frustrated with me. Maybe because I been two months behind since last year.

I've become unemployable. I used to work two jobs to make due. Full time at a hotel and part time delivery. I lost my delivery job after having a meltdown at work. I still work at the hotel but my hours been cut to two or three days a week (16-24 hours a week) because I visibly cannot handle the stress. It's gotten so bad customers are writing negative reviews about the "nutcase behind the front desk". I tried applying for other jobs but I turned into jibbering wrecks during all the interviews. 

I stayed with the medical treatments for seven months. I was on 3 different medications (the names of which I have no idea how to spell. And all attempts to goggle them have failed) so they stopped working really early on. I spent nearly all 7 months begging my doctor to change my proscription because I was becoming unhinged and more unstable. He refused, insisting upping the dosage will work. It didn't. I tried finding a new doctor. They insisted on trying the same medication so I refused. The therapy failed to do anything. I been in therapy since I was 15 and it never helped. 

I have no family, no romantic partner, and very few friends left as nobody is willing to watch me self destruct anymore. I've become a burden financially and emotionally on everyone I care about. As a result everyone is now cutting me out of their lives because I can't contribute anything to the relationship, I can only take.

I gone the last five years with absolutely nothing to live for. The only thing stopping me from trying to kill myself again at this point is "what happens if I fail to kill myself AGAIN" 

Wtf am I supposed to do at this point?