Lost and thinking I'm doneI'm in my 50s. I had a decent life.  Like so many others I had a screwed up child hood but I lived a good adult life.   I have an above average education and made well into 6 figures for most of my life.  People saw me as a leader and trusted me and I was surrounded by people I cared about and who I thought cared about me.

Then 5 or 6 years ago it all started to fall apart as my mental health failed.   In a short time I had lost everything. My confidence in myself, my job, my marriage. I went from wealthy to not being able to afford the clothing my little daughter needed. Even my best friend of 20 years abandoned me. Nothing is getting better and I can't see it ever getting better.  I have tried every drug and medical procedure and therapy that has been recommended including experimental ones.  I've had two hospital stays.  Three separate doctors, not including the hospital. There really isn't anything that will make me better. 

 I had spent 3 months preparing to kill myself at the start of this month.   I had taken everything into account form when many of my bills were due and how to give as much of what I had away first to when I was looking after my daughter to giving the latest "new" drug time to work, to applying for a whole stack of jobs hoping finding one would help lift me up.   I was ready I thought and then I tried to say goodbye to my only friend left and I fell apart and she talked me into staying a little longer.   10 days later I'm filled with regret.  I shouldn't have listened to her. I know I'll be abandoning a daughter and that's the only thing that has kept me this long but I don't feel like a good father anyway.   I guess I'm venting here because there is no where else left.  Even my lead psychiatrist seems to feel me killing myself is when and not if and when I missed my last appointment last month they didn't even give a shit enough to follow up.  

So here it is. I won't pay my rent on Dec 2.  That starts the clock ticking.   I'll transfer all the money I have, including that rent money and the money for my Dec 9 car insurance payment to my parents to pay them back for money they have lent me and couldn't really afford.   With rent and car insurance bouncing I'll have no way back so that I can't easily chicken out.   I last see my daughter Dec 1 when she goes back to my ex-wife's custody for the week.   That gives me the week for final prep. Dec 4 I have a large helium tank scheduled for delivery.  Dec 5 my religious divorce will be finalized meaning my ex doesn't have to pretend to give a shit about me for the mourning year.   Dec 6 I rent a cheap motel room.   Hook up the helium tank with the pressure regulator and death hood I've already got ready to go and I'm set.  Dec 7 they find the body when they come to see why I haven't checked out.   

My only real fears are that I will fail and end up brain damaged and unable to finish the job, or that my daughter is significantly damaged mentally by this.  but in the end it doesn't matter, I'm not a good father anyway.

This time I tell no one that can stop me or that might feel guilty.  I hope I have the guts to carry it out this time because if I can't I'm totally screwed and I really don't know how I'll be able to go on knowing that there is no light at the end of the tunnel anymore.  

I'm even thinking of moving it up to Monday.  I won't be able to get that last couple thousand of disability payments into my parents hands but every day is so hard maybe it doesn't matter. 

I know that by posting this it probably means I want someone to give a fuck but I know know one does.  Maybe that's part of the point, it really is time to go and this helps prove it.