Day 2: Curly HairI have beautiful curly hair. 
I never really saw how nice it was until later on in my life when I saw other women of colour rock their curls. 
They were so healthy and bouncy.


As a child I grew up in a predominantly Caucasian town. There was one Afro-Centric boy at my elementary school, and one other mixed girl.
Her mix however is Japanese and British.
My mix is Irish, and Bajan.
My mother never really knew how to take care of my hair. As I grew older my grandmother told me to cut my hair.  

That's not true though. It was my father who told me to cut my hair. I don't know why I stuck to that story for so long.

I was often bullied for my skin colour, my hair...  I couldn't understand it.
I didn't get the joke, or that I was the joke. 
My mother is a blonde with green eyes. I myself have green eyes and brown hair.
My skin is not very dark.
Yet I was always compared to shit.

I remember a girl hit me and pulled my finger back as I rose my hand to answer a question. I cried of course, and when the teacher asked her "Why?" Her response was as simple as "She's different than *us*"
When I tried to point out the prejudice in her statement I was scolded and sent back to the classroom.

Anyways,
I later permed my hair, straightened it and it was destroyed. Short, dry hair.
Finally into my adult life (about 20 years of age) I decided to grow it.
It took a long while for it to repair itself.

I wore my hair down at work today. 
Threw together the shaggiest outfit In existence, paired it with some two dollar flip flops and headed out.

My day was the same. Nothing eventful or new.
One co-worker even said to me "You look like you got smashed last night."
However towards the end of the day many of the girls were complimenting my hair, saying how healthy it looked. 
I became really self conscious after that.

I hate standing out. 
I fidgeted with my hair all the way home.
I thought my hair looked ugly that day, but they kept saying how pretty it was.

It adds to me feeling like everything is fake, or my perception is incredibly flawed.
It was comparable to when you see a very fat person, and tell them they are fit. . .

Like it's a lie.

Anyways. Acceptance from my peers or compliments doesn't change anything.
I still feel so blurry.

On the upside, I finally have beautiful curly hair.

6 days and counting.
