Feeling worthlessThis is something I've struggled with all my life. It's been sort of ingrained in me to be humble by my parents, and I still believe it's a good trait to have. But ever since high school I've been especially hard on myself, because during my freshman year I went full on slacker and my grades went to shit; more zeros than anything. After that my family moved and I worked hard to rebuild myself, doubling down on the mentality that I'm an idiot/asshole, and it worked. I even got into my first relationship with someone who was objectively a shitty person who hurt me horribly at the end, yet I still miss her. Sorry for my writing being all over the place, I'm kind of having a mental break and typing helps

There's a little backstory. My mom dated an asshole we lived with for eight years who verbally abused us both and would hit her. One day when I was at a day camp over the summer I kind of snapped. I don't know how to describe it other than a psychotic break or something. I randomly became horribly paranoid of everything. I remember sitting in the hall of the school that camp was held at, a totally empty hall with no obstructions to my line of sight, shivering in fear of something I couldn't really explain to anyone. (this was the summer after my 5th grade) When I got home that day I didn't want to shower because I thought a bug would fly into one of my orifices and lay eggs or something, which was somewhat justified as we had an earwig problem. I wouldn't brush my teeth because I was too worried about swallowing a bit of toothpaste and being poisoned. When I washed my hands, I kept my mouth closed out of fear that soap would splash in there, yet I still washed them excessively, and I mean like every five minutes excessively. Even my mom's boyfriend, who was OCD himself, was getting pissed at me. I would hoard spit in my cheek rather than swallow if I thought there was anything toxic in there. This went on for a good couple of years throughout middle school, where I was more concerned about imaginary things killing me than my grades, or at least that's how I like to justify it. By eighth and ninth grade I was a pariah, a class clown who tried too hard to make friends, and I don't remember having any.

So maybe that's why I miss being in a toxic relationship. Maybe if I build up someone in my mind like I did with her, I can feel happy about myself because I'm with her. But that wasn't the case, I constantly worried about where we stood even at the best of our relationship. She wanted to marry me, but circumstances kept us from seeing each other and I always worried what she was doing. Was she seeing someone else? That kind of thing. And I was right. She got back with her ex and told me we needed a break, and that she'd let me know her choice in a month. That broke me. I was so fucking miserable I broke it off with her totally, leaving casualties in the form of a big rant over the phone about the douche she was dating and all but telling her to go to hell. It was the first time I had stood up to someone like that, and it lasted. I was an easygoing guy (on the outside anyway) until my senior year, when this happened, and I spent the rest of high school in a state of...idk, not really apathy but sort of defensively. I ignored our mutual friends assuming they had all sided with her, but I did end up dating a girl we both knew. We got too serious while I was still resentful over my ex, and it was this attitude that drove her away too.

Months later when I'm reconnecting with an old friend, I learn that, in fact, a number of my friends had sided with me but I never bothered trying to approach them. Fuck. I spent my last year of school miserable for no good reason, I didn't even go to my prom or walk at graduation because I thought people hated my guts. And I can't shake that feeling, I work in retail yet I get more and more dismissive and resentful as time passes. I've become cynical as fuck and it's pushed away said old friend. I want to write fiction as a career and I draw occasionally, and I'm less and less motivated to do either of them because I'm always so angry and exhausted from work. I'm really insecure about my body on top of all that, I was pretty fat through middle school but I managed to burn it through high school and now I'm a twig. I'm not even tall enough to be skinny, I found out recently I'm 5'11 after years of assuming I'm at least 6 feet because of the shorter women I dated. And the dude my ex left me for is at least 6'2. I don't buy into redpill shit or anything but it was pretty crushing. I've kind of grown to...not idolize, but look to slasher films as inspiration to stay strong back when I was alone in school, like Friday the 13th, so I could feel tough and project some kind of confidence. I fucking hate myself for having to look at fictional serial killers for self esteem. Not to mention they're mostly, if not all at least six feet tall.

I don't even remember what the point of posting this was, I'm more depressed than when I started. I'll probably delete this if I don't eat a bunch of pills tonight. How are you all?