It's been 1 month since she left me and there's no hope for meI'll try to make this short as possible....
I was together for exactly 3 years with my girlfriend and friends for 1 year before dating. Yes she is my first girlfriend, but it goes far beyond that. I come from a very very messed up family.
1. my mom was a horrible parent, bringing different boyfriends every few months and would always yell at me and my sister whenever for no reason, like if it was raining she would yell at us, sunny or even when the water was too cold.
2. my sister since the age of 5 had become mentally handicapped because my mom didn't pick her up at the bus stop so my sister got hit by a car 
3. i'm 24 now and from 14 to 20, my mom went insane and took many drugs to forget life, she came into my room many times and starred at me while holding a knife.
When i finally moved out at 20, i honestly was ready to give up on life, i was numb. My friend told me to go to college and i went for fun, and that's where i met my girlfriend. I was a huge mess and she didn't care she wanted to know me and she really cared for me. She said i was like a breath of fresh air for her. The only reason why i never went insane living with mom and sister, i used anger and pride to put myself above them, i was like "these 2 are beneath me and i will never become like them and be weak".
So obviously with my girlfriend i had a lot of emotions that were bottled up and she felt insecure sometimes because i didn't call her beautiful often ( i was afraid if i showered her with compliments it would boost her ego and find someone else). Basically 3 months ago she told me "please do something about your pride and live in the present". I was doing it, then last month she told it wasn't working out and that no matter how much i change she won't ever give me a chance because she can't trust me again. (2 years ago i got mad and i just talked to my previous crush to let off some steam and since then my girlfriend saw her as a rival). Honestly, just reading this you can tell my life was a mess until i met her, she really cared for me and now she's calling me annoying and blocked my number. It's been one month and the pain just gets worse and i feel as it i had the best thing in the world and things can't get better if i really did lose her forever. I talked to 2 psychiatrists about my issues and they are curious why i'm still mentally stable, i'm not, i'm at my limit and if i can't get her to believe me then i really am just a burden like she said.