I'm worried any hour now I'll act on impulse. I dream, wish and think of death every minute of the days I spend which are unwelcomedI've never done this. I've kept it all in a bottle much like a genie. Except my story hasn't been magical. Who's to care right? There's children dying. People suffering from constant pain. There's stomachs starving for food and hearts deprived of function. Brains lacking oxygen required for full thought. I do not like to think. I do not enjoy it which is why I genuinely believe I've stuck around for so long. I've held onto fantasies of a life dreamt about which I've accepted has no way to come true. 


I'm a 20 year old female living in the U.S. The land of opportunities right? Perhaps so. Perhaps I even dream of being in such a terrible environmental state that I'll have nothing to hold me back from committing suicide. I am so lonely. I have spent the last five years of my life living rather secluded while my peers are away at college having the time of their life. That may be an overstatement but they're at least experiencing something and getting somewhere.


I graduated high school at 16. Skipped a grade. Wanted to become something major. Successful. I was fascinated by medicine. I wanted to do good. Have a purpose while filling up my bank account and ensuring my family has 80% of their sufferings gone. Instead things happened. Year and year went by and I never got around to even apply for college. As time went by, I became scared of it. Scared of having forgotten all that's been learned. Scared of getting in debt and having no chance to succeed. Perhaps not even get into medical school with such gap of non existent wise thought occurring. At first, I was afraid of the social aspect of it. I finished high school online and overloaded to get by quick. It wasn't easy having to self teach and having teachers who didn't care much. It wasn't easy being stuck in my room for what felt at times 14 hours a day. It wasn't easy not having a single friend. I left traditional high school before starting it. I was a well developed girl in terms of breasts with a tiny frame in middle school. The rich girls did not like me. I was often ridiculed and made fun of for my economic situation. To a 14 year old that meant a lot so I decided to follow my own path. 

I've always been very social. Rather charming I'm told. I like to make people feel good. It's now almost 5 years later that I've been stuck doing absolutely nothing. Family problems. Debt problems. I even got myself into medical and credit card debt. About 9 months ago, I was hopeful. I finally got a job. Even though I had to walk to it 20+ minutes with unforeseen weather, I was hopeful. I can't drive. I have no car. I had a rather fun time at work. I was often complimented and showered in gifts. I was told how beautiful I was. How witty. Smart. Should be a model. Should be a diplomat. "She looks like Scarlett Johanson, no Ivanka Trump, no Anna Nicole Smith." I didn't believe it. Never have. But my attitude outside with the world has always been a portrayal of a full of life and love person. I loved interacting with people but deep inside, I was still suffering. How could I pay for driving classes + get a car with barely $100 a week? That amount kept declining as business would go down in the summer. I quit. I planned to suicide 5 months ago. You could say I was also heartbroken because I developed a lovely mental and emotional connection with a man who saw me as his future. But, my pride couldn't tell him I was a total loser so I lied and left "away for college."


Since then, I haven't left the house for a single day. The debt with interest keeps piling up. It's always "I'll kill myself this week" yet I can't come up with the perfect plan. So, I've gotten tired of trying to plan and I'll probably just shoot myself. I'm slowly writing a letter and I let my mother know what I'm going to do. She's heartbroken. I love her but I can't stick around. It hurts to live. I don't want to wake up in the morning so I try to sleep as much as I can. I sort of see my situation as being brain dead and forced to live with a machine (my family) who has to pay bills for my to "exist." Did I mention I've spent two years trying to out occult rituals for some riches? There was even a time when the lottery was my only hope. I've gotten so far deep into this fantasy rabbit hole. 

You could say there's easy answers to my loneliness but depression has severely numbed me and made me loathe myself and everything. I just see no way of being able to go to school and provide for my family. It takes too long if it'd even be accomplishable. I have no desire to even study anything. I have no desire to learn. It hurts to focus. It's as if my mind is completely frozen. 

I just can't. I just want to die. It's the only thing that brings me happiness. The only thought. I've kept this inside for so long. I just want to let go. Fly. Fly away. Why can't it happen naturally? Why can't there be assisted suicide? Why do unforeseen events have to happen to people who want to live? Why not me? I'm too lazy and procrastinate my own suicide. That's how much of a failure I am. I know no love. I know no happiness. I'm completely foreign to the idea of friends after moving and having to constantly make up lies for my farewells as I didn't want anyone to know I'd commit suicide. 

There's people who need to vent more than me. But here I am. I don't know why. The screen is blurry. I cry in silence. I just want death. Are there any doctors here to help me make it look like an accident? For the sake of my mother..I love her but I can't fathom how she even lives with all the pain she's endured and continues to. Our family seems like a hopeless case to me and I'm the worst of all..