Found myself fantasizing about suicide and self harmSo to make it clear, I dont particularly want to kill myself rn. Like sure, if a truck rammed into me I wouldnt be complaining but Im not going out of my way to try and die.

Since very young the idea of suicide has been floating around in my head. I have thought about it as a child, when I didnt even know what suicide meant, I've attempted it in my early teen years (which clearly didnt work out) and I've made it a game to see how many potentially fatal things I could do before I wound up dead (writing it down makes me realize that's quite messed up). 

At this point, though, I guess I'm in a slightly better place and dont want to particularly kill myself. But of course my brain always resorts to suicide as a solution to any issue (think this is called mild suicidal ideation) and it's become a thing I often have to dismiss.

I get that my brain obviously has issues and everytime I come across a problem or a disappointment or something it goes ooh suicide should do it. While that's somewhat the norm for me, the issue now is that I found myself fantasizing about death and self harm ( which I have a long history with as well but have been clean for years now).

Ever since I've been on quarantine at home ( like everyone else in the world) I've stuck to my daydreams and fantasies (sexual and otherwise) to keep me somewhat less bored. Today, however was the first time I snapped out of it to realized that what had started out as a somewhat romantic day dream had quickly turned into a fantasy about hurting myself. ( uh I dont want to get to the nitty gritty in case I accidentally trigger anyone but if you wanna know - dangling from 23rd floor balcony with a lot of cigarette burns) 

I guess now I'm a little worried since this is probably a little over my normal mild suicidal ideation. Previously, when I was in fact really suicidal, I used to fantasize about death a lot and my brain suddenly doing it again just scared me a bit.  Maybe it's just the quarantine getting to me but who knows.

Tl/dr : I normally have mild suicidal ideation but currently do no want to kill myself. However today I suddenly started fantasizing about suicide and self harm (something I haven't done since I was actually suicidal) and now I'm scared I'm slipping.

Idk why I'm telling you all this but I guess maybe it's in hopes that you'll listen and maybe share something of your own, be it advice or a story.