I don't think I can handle life anymore...I honestly don't know why I'm even posting here right now. Throw away, obviously.

&amp;#x200B;

From the outside, I probably look like I have the perfect life. I'm 26 years old, married to a handsome man that looks like a lumberjack (if that's your thing), and we have a beautiful 3-month-old baby boy.

I have a nice job, in which I work remotely, making $80,000 / year. It sounds like a dream, so I don't know why I'm so miserable.

&amp;#x200B;

I think giving you an idea of where I've been will help reveal some light into how I got to where I am, today. My first memory ever, was sitting on my grandmother's floor, playing with legos, asking my grandmother, "When is Daddy coming home?" He'd been in prison for DUI, the first of many. He was always in-and-out of my childhood. Being a single parent, my mother had to work a lot. I'd spend a lot of nights sleeping on the therapy beds in a nursing home, or with my grandmother, or aunt. The time I spent at her house was the worst. My teenage cousin started to sexually abuse me while I was 8, and went on for 5 years.

I was a really troubled child, I'm assuming from the abuse, but who knows. I was angry at the world, and had a short temper. I started cutting myself, so my mother sent me to a hell-hole called "Teen Challenge" for "behavioral problems" without me knowing. She was driving me to visit my boyfriend. On the way home, we were met by my grandmother at this center, and my belongings and I were dropped off. I felt so betrayed, and my trust and security was probably ruined.

That place was traumatic. I was 13, surrounded by 17-year-old drug addicts where I was bullied constantly. I did what I needed to do to get out of that place, 9 months later. Unfortunately, things continued to go south between my mother and I. For the next 2 years of my life, I was passed back and forth between my grandmother's and my mother's place - passed on when they would get sick of dealing with me. I didn't think I was too much trouble. I just wanted to be left alone, but they were constantly wanting me to do something other than be on the computer.

I moved out and got my own apartment to get away from my family. That's where I met my first serious boyfriend. Things seemed fine at first, until we moved in together. Then, he started cheating and being promiscuous, giving me an STD (trichomoniasis). I got myself treated, but it caused an argument that lead to the beginning of the physical abuse. Soon, he began raping me in my sleep, and it became an ultimate nightmare that lasted four years. I was 21 when I finally left the relationship.

A few months later, I met another guy, online. We just happened to forge a bond through a game we played together. I really liked him. He was from Sweden, and we really hit it off. He'd spend half the year with me, and travel back and forth. In 2015, I landed my first big job out of school at a really big company, similar to Google. It was the dream job. He was getting a visa for educational purposes, and was attending a 12-week bootcamp program. This was going to be it! He was going to be here permanently. I was excited. Unfortunately, one night, I found out that he had cheated on me while he was back in Sweden. Needless to say, that ruined the relationship. However, a few months after the fact, I found out that he had robbed me blind. He had put the "bootcamp / personal" loans in my name. He maxed out a few of my credit cards, buying a lot of things like Amazon Echos, and whatnot, and had been selling them for cash. I'd also lent him my Macbook Pro, and he'd stolen that when he'd left the country. And to top it all off, he also put his plane ticket on my credit card, too. I filed a police report, but nothing came of it. I have been stuck with these bills, and it's slowly been ruining my life.

It's been a while, and I've since met my husband. Things have mostly gone well. We got married. He unfortunately gave me Herpes, but I got past that. Then, I got pregnant. Two weeks after I delivered our baby, he basically said he was leaving. He hated where we lived, and wanted to move back to where his family was from. I was too much to handle (pregnancy hormones, plus uncontrolled cortisol levels from uncontrolled gestational diabetes). We talked through it for several hours, and he finally decided to stay. Then, a week later, the same thing happened. This has completely destroyed me. To keep my husband happy, I have completely uprooted our family. We are homeless, living out of an InTown Suites because his family will not let us stay with them (even after they agreed - we had moved all our things up there, just for them to say, "nevermind"). I accepted a second job offer, for $95,000. In total, I have $31,000 worth of debt from having my identity stolen (not including student and car loans).

&amp;#x200B;

My husband takes care of the baby, but he doesn't help me much at all. I'm exhausted, and tired. The thought of me working two jobs, and him not working much at all (aside from DoorDash, 2 hours a day, Monday-Fri) and no desire to go to school makes me feel stranded. I'm burned out.

I also tried to apply for another apartment today. Wasted $450 only to get declined. This is the 3rd one that's declined me. I'm siphoning money to pointless application fees. I can't even get a decent place for my family, right now.

Finally, last to say, we found out the place we're staying has bedbugs, so all of the baby's stuff is contaminated. I just feel overwhelmed. I can't do this anymore. It's just too much. At least if I die, my family can cash in on my $300,000 life insurance policy. That's more than I can do for them now.

&amp;#x200B;

I don't know why I'm posting here. I really don't. It's funny though, because I am an existentialist. I know that this is a permanent fix for a temporary problem. But I hate this world, and this life. I hate that despite never missing a payment, having my identity stolen 3 years ago is ruining my life. I hate that I have to work 16 hours a day, like a damn slave, with no time to myself. I hate that this person I love more than anything doesn't seem to care. He'd rather spend his free time sleeping, or playing games with his friends.

I'm just at the end of my rope, and I can't continue anymore. I don't qualify for any kind of help at all, because I make too much money. Yet, after we pay all our bills, I don't have much left. I feel like I've lived a lifetime full of shit, and I just want it to all be over. Anyhow, I've got nothing left to say.