I feel violated, confused and alone. I dont know what to doHello there 25f. I dont know who to talk to. 

I feel like I was raped. It's my personal opinion. I have  spoken to my mother and consulted a few friends on the situation and I'm receiving very mixed reactions and opinions from everyone. Here is what happened. 

Last month, I asked a man i barely knew to sleep with me. We had eachother on social media. I didn't really know much about this man (dumb ass decision, I know) but pursued him anyway.  Prior to sex, we had had multiple previous conversations about wearing protection, STDs, and birth control . I'm very firm on condoms, always have been.  He also stated that he was as well. He claimed to have been tested within the last two months and I had been tested recently and was completely clear.

We finally meet up. I told him once again before we started that I wanted to use condoms. I thought we had the understanding of only using protection, but I guess I was wrong.  The first two times he wears a condom. He gets up and goes to the bathroom and comes back to the bed. I'm laying on my side looking at my phone not even paying attention to him. Next thing you know he turns me on my back and penetrates me with no protection. Immediately, I froze. I was scared I didn't know what to do. I was afraid that he would hurt me due to the fact that he knew I didn't want that and he decided to do what he wanted anyway.  As soon as he finished i got out of there.  
I make a doctor's appointment a few weeks out after the incident and come back positive for an STD that is incurable. I feel so violated, so hurt,  so confused, I don't know what to do, I don't know how to feel. I'm normally not a vengeful person but it's taking everything in me not to get pay back. I feel like he didn't give me a choice, he made it for me. I hate him.    I'm having a very hard time coping with this. My friends opinion is " you should have never been there in the first place,  it's your fault this happened to you" but my mom thinks otherwise. My mother says " penetrating someone in a way they didn't consent to is rape". I just don't know what to do.