this is it, finally.you may not be by my side by reading this text, but i have to express myself. i am the 16 years old author of two sexual agressions. i did them 1 year ago, and 6 months ago. i see a therapist everytime to help me taking control of my hormones, in vain. i never realised what i was doing, and that nearly killed me. i regrer so much what i did, because i never thought i could ne capable of doing this type of shit i usually fight against. i always did anything i could to save the situationand make the girl feel better, by going to her parents, talking to them and cutting myself to suffer back. the second girl decided to post the story on social media, with putting my name. since this, u have lost all my friends, inclueding my best friends. i also lost the support of my family, and the girl o was i relation with. i wish i had the courage to end my fucking life. i wish i had the courage to jump that fucking bridge. i will go to the highway bridge today. i just don't anything, just death. i can't stand breathing anymore. i want to be that strange fruit. i am a pure failure. i have achieved nothing else but hurting people and myself. i deserve the ultimate liberty, joining the fucking sky. why is there any medicine that can help me. why i have to think about that at 16 years old ? why am i a fucking piece of trash that deserves it's pain ? i have no friends anymore, ma family rejects me, my girlfriend got woth her ex that cheted on her, and now my onmy thoughts are "you have absolutely nothing to hang to, nothing to live anymore. death inspires you. just jump ans go meet the people that love you, in the sky". i don't want to be that cringy 14 years old pseudo-depressed man, but listen: each minute i live today is probably the last. i post this message as my last and only way to be listened. i don't fear death, i fear even failing to die. i will call the suicide hotline today. i don't know if we all felt that, but when you feel it is the day you are going to die, it is a very strange feeling. like, finally that day comes. goodbye everyone, take car of the person that you love. nothing can change me today. i am a perverse, a predator, an evil thing that could not control itself at the worst moments. the most cruel thing is that all of what happens is deserved, and i can do nothing ti change it. anyway, if i jump today, it's for the sake of the people that know me, my family, and the earth. a criminal less on earth.
if i pass away, just remember me for the person i wanted to be, a good person that shares love. destiny decided in another way, i can't control that.
i can't believe this moment is real.
have a nice day.

(update 3 hours later: i went to the highway bridge and wrote my letter. nobody stopped to ask me how i was. i was crying at the ground next to the void, and nobody even looked.)