How can I further help my girlfriend get the help she needs?I first posted this in r/relationship_advice but this sub seems better for this topic.

My girlfriend has clinical depression. She goes into a depressed unmotivated state for weeks if not months on end but I usually manage to lift her mood and/or mental state. Previously she has had multiple suicide attempts during the time period I was not dating her and did not know her but they all failed.

I have looked on various government and private medical websites about how to help someone who is suicidal, such as TELL and others but they don't help with the situation because I already know she is suicidal, and I listen to her needs and problems and I try to be supportive and optimistic. She used to not always be suicidal when she was younger, but as she has grown older the depression has only gotten worse and worse. She said she does not know if she's going to have enough energy to live past 20, and she said she thinks she will commit suicide once she finishes high school. We are both very young.

I have tried to comfort her and tell her things will be better, but she is not optimistic about it. Combined with her studies being with her parents and siblings in the quarantine is only making her more stressed out.

I have suggested to her that she go see a physician but she's scared of going to the doctor.

Her mom has helped somewhat, making her do counseling sessions every other week with a school counsellor with a health background (I am not sure who the counsellor is or what their qualifications are).

She has not been able to be completely honest with the counsellor, saying she is studying when she actually doesn't have the motivation to do anything. Her counsellor said she does not have depression because of this, and said she probably just has ADD. Her sister does, and that's a possibility as well but I truly believe she has clinical depression. The counsellor also did not recommend anti-depressants due to the side effects. She is very distraught and wants to stick to her original story to not make the counsellor think she's changing her story just to get anti-depressants.

She says that she does not want to live anymore, and that dying would be a great release for her. The only reason she has not committed suicide is because she is more afraid of failing to commit suicide.

Her mother has told her she's not thinking of getting anti-depressants since its not a cure for clinical depression, and this attitude has been passed onto her as well.

She has also tried to use many suicide hotlines, but she finds that they don't help. Not only that but she generally does not want me to go out of my way to help her because that makes her feel worse about herself for making other do something for her.

She does not want me to contact her parents or contact her counsellor, she will not give me the contact to her counsellor, and said she will kill herself if I try to do so.

I don't know how to help her, so if you have any ideas that would be great. If you need more info I will be happy to answer.