I'm mentally deficient and I refuse to live with it.Hi, I'm Steve. I'm 17, I live with autism and mental deficiencies, and I'm going to kill myself right after I submit this god damn post.

I'm not posting this because I want help. I'm posting this because these words need to go somewhere, and honestly I don't know of a better place where a message like this would be acceptable.

Back to the subject. I'm autistic, and I have some really bad mental deficiencies and it's fucking killing me on the inside. I took a cognitive test when I was 15. I have an IQ of 77, and I was ranked either "Deficient" or "Borderline Deficient" on everything. Fuck. It's so hard living with the fact that your limits are so fucking low compared to the rest of the general population and you will never fucking be able to achieve your dreams because of some bullshit that I can't fucking help.

I'm in the special education program at my school and I fucking hate it. They teach jack shit and group me with kids that screech and shit their pants. I can talk normally, I just don't want to unless I'm asked. I'm mentally fucking deficient but I want to be taught something that's above preschool level. I've tried telling my mom it's not enough for me but she just dismisses me and tells me I won't make it in mainstream education. I try telling my special ed teachers I want more, but they dismiss me too and then make jokes about me behind my back like I can't fucking hear them. Hey, Mr. Janssen, when you read this, fuck you. I heard every little bit of shit you talked about me. Mrs. Huang, fuck you. I heard you call me inbred. Ms. Baker, fuck you too. I get it, I'm not smart and I never fucking will be but I want to be taught more than fucking preschool shit. Fuck.

I'll say it again: you have no fucking clue how hard it is to live when you know that your limits are much much lower than the average person, you will never graduate high school, you will never go to college, and you will never get any respectable job, and generally your life will be very unfulfilling. I always dreamed of being a coder, but guess what? That requires you to be smart and guess who isn't smart? Me. I tried to teach myself. It doesn't click and while I love it I'm so fucking bad and it takes me hours to figure out things that are "super basic". I can't do it. It's too hard.

I'm not willing to live a life in which I can't be a normal person. I just want to graduate high school, go to college, get a good job, and just have a normal life. But all of that has been made inaccessible by the fact that I'm in fucking special ed and won't even graduate high school and will forever be dependent on my parents.

I don't want to burden my parents any more by being the dead weight piece of shit that I am. And I don't want to doom myself to a life of suffering.

I hope you all can now sympathize with me.

Goodbye.