i feel truly hollow and aloneheya to those reading. ive been here a few times awhile back in the past but i feel this time is different. i should probably explain myself a bit in case people want to understand where im coming from:

My name is Macy, im a transgender girl, and recently ive kinda fell into a fucked up place and i dont think i can get through this one. awhile back i ended up leaving my highschool because of my social anxiety, bullying, lack of motivation, and some other things. to appease my parents, i got enrolled in a few online classes because i still legally need to be in a "school" at the age of fifteen, but its basically dropped out at this point in my life. ive been able to keep my social life alive since that happens awhile back, but as with how the world works to a regular teenager, friends change, but this time with my old friends now gone, i really have no one anymore but a few people online and my bed, and the online friends arent really close to me either. ive had some issues in the past with drugs (coke, acid, weed, cigs, some others) that i had under control for the most part but recently ive felt the urge that it might be my only way to cope with this pain i feel in me, thats driving my sanity to the breaking point. i understand im young and i probably dont know what im talking about at this point in my life, but i know what i feel and it feels really terrible. my now ex-boyfriend hasnt spoken to me in over two weeks, which has really strained my mentality because he was all i had left in terms of close people, and i struggle with signs of some mental illnesses that make me really dependent and clingy (i'm not a fan of self diagnosing and my therapist said i can show signs but cant really have a disorder or etc until you're an adult, but he said he would agree i show signs of the things i believe i might have). ive found myself in a state of constant distraction to keep me from thinking of how alone and in pain i am, but it only eats at me more. i really dont know what to do anymore, ive tried hotlines in the past but they didnt help, and i keep getting the urge to die or do something drastic to make myself happy and then die in peace knowing i did what i wanted.

im sorry about the bad grammar im not really in the best of moods to proofread my rant about my depression.
