Here it isHello using a throwaway to just get everything off my chest, my grammar will be pretty bad as I am using mobile. Important information you should know beforehand I am a 19 y/o male and the youngest.

So starting from the first 10 years of my life I was born to a very poor family my mother suffers from terrible mental disorders that causes her to do things she believes is the proper way this will be relevant later on. Shortly after I was born from a drunken conduct of my father and mother, my father was forced to leave as my mother was unstable and refused to work or do any form of daily care to the homes they lived in. It is important to note I am the second child brought into the environment. Custody battles started from the moment I turned 3 as my mother deemed me and my brother ineligible to consume any food due to fake allergies to get more money from the state in which she would spend on herself. We lived in more homes then I can even remember however 9/10 were condemned shortly after us moving due to the condition they would be left in from the odor to the pure destruction that was infested with various types of bugs and molds, the only time she would clean when either when cps or someone similar was doing a check up to this day were still not sure how she managed to find out even about the surprise checkups or when the church goers would come and help her clean. All the time we would be visiting our father once a week if we were lucky where we could lead a somewhat normal life for a day or once a month two days in a row. Growing up we got fed less and less while my mother would get fatter and fatter rude to say but I’m not sure what else I can say to describe it. I distinctly remember how she would go out and party leaving me between the ages of 3-10 (because it happened as I was growing up and potentially younger) and my brother 6-13 alone for hours and constantly bring back strange men who later I learned were taking turns going down on her. One man even sat me on his lap and taught how to snap as his friend was having his turn, note she was not doing this for money but for her own pleasure. In between her parties and in house visits she would get bored and either beat, berate, or sexually abuse me and my brother. Be it with wooden spoons tree branches knives make shift whips or anything else she could get her hands on it would be used. Once I bit my brother because he made me mad over what I cannot remember but to retaliate against me my mother bit my arm with full force taking the chunk of skin with it forcing her to take me to the hospital in which she lied and said I “fell while running”. This all would continue until I was around 10 when I wound up overdosing on the various medicines she would force into me from prescription to ones she bought on the street. This was fast acting as well because at 10 I weight roughly about 30 pounds and that forced the doctors hand to call the police. So the custody battles I talked about before finally made progress and we were allowed to live with our dad and see our mother every other Saturday however things continued to go downhill she kept giving me various drugs on her visitations and when my dad found out he got it to supervised visitations once a month in which numerous things happened that we’re both embarrassing and flat out negligent during those visitations despite it being supervised until the court in the paperwork deemed it to have to be at a McDonald’s or other major fast food place as they have CCTV and usually populated in which things seemed to calm down for at least a year or so. 

However things started spiraling downhill in my fathers house as well. We were brought into a home with my unofficial Stepmother(SM) they never married and don’t plan on it due to costs and her daughter who were going to call entitled daughter or ED for short. ED was given the world and could do no wrong where as I was put at the center for everything going wrong no matter what it was or if I even had anything to do with it. This led to me constantly getting screamed at by everyone my father SM and ED and it just got to the point where I refused to leave my room until everyone was sleeping. It was at this time my SM mother began getting sick so we moved into her trailer to help take care of her and she treated me like an actual grandchild so I still do consider her my grandmother. But when we moved into this trailer me and my brother had to share a room (age 11) and things were cramped as 6 people in a single double wide is a lot. Everyone was stepping on everyone’s toes which caused people to get more and more frustrated and it all fell onto me. At this point as well ED age 16 got a bf age 32 who she began having visit and sleep over he was a greasy sleazy looking person like no shower post Malone greasy but 10x worse. Who began to also essentially scream at me for no reason I was and still am the family punching bag.

After about half a year of moving in with grandma she got worse and my dad decided we needed to move closer to the hospital just in case so we did. We got a side by side duplex which was much closer but she worsened and me and my brother began taking care of her more and more helping her from the day to day I put in a lot of time with her to make sure she had everything and so did my brother however he would always leave with the parents to go shopping or whatever else where as I stayed and continued to help when she needed it. Halloween 2014 she passed away and it hurt everyone yet I couldn’t cry no matter how much I tried I couldn’t and I began to hate myself for this. But something happened that made things worse which was splitting up her possessions amongst the family in which SM and ED get their picks first for obvious reasons but I was left with no choice or pick because They said I didn’t do anything to help and that my brother was the one who did the most. And everything made me snap on my brother essentially blaming him in which I still regret everything I said. And I did get some items but it was a mug and a jets jacket that wound up getting ruined because of SM. 

Things continued like normal except I would get screamed at and blamed more and more for everything that happened in everyone’s life. Jump forward to the age of 16 we moved twice in between these moments and ED moved out to live with another bf this one her age for once and I had just started my first job in which I was forced to pay 150$ a week for rent from my 200$ paychecks and that money was used to make SM and my dads life more enjoyable as they went out and did things with my brother leaving me at home alone this morning as the first time I tried to kill myself note I’ve cut myself for years before this point but I took the knife from the drawer and I decided a man should smile in his last moments so I went to the mirror and gave myself a forced smile however from all the medicine i was given when I was younger my hands are shaky so on the right side my hand slipped and made a half smile And half frown I felt like a failure that I couldn’t even do that right so I took more pills and waited but in the end I failed and no matter how much my face healed you can still see the rise and droop on my mouth from it. No one said anything and I was kept out from school while it healed and we never talked about it again. When I turned 17 I got another job and switched to online school paying for it myself as the constant bullying and harassment in public school and was unbearable. This job payed more so my 150$ of rent jumped to 750 every two weeks from my 800$ check plus gas money so my take home is as about 20$. Their style of living went up even as my company closed its doors a year later and I was let go and switched jobs the price did not go down even when my checks went to 200$ a week again from retail. I finished HS online and paid it off and decided enough was enough and tried to kill myself again this time I went simple and sat outside in my underwear during the winter during the -5 degree Fahrenheit storm overnight. No matter how much of my body I couldn’t feel I didn’t get cold nor did I feel the want to go inside and as I laid there in the snow bank I slowly closed my eyes and fell asleep. Only I was woken up from a punch to the stomach by my father, somehow I survived the night and he needed me to shovel out his car so he could go to work my body was numb and I could hardly walk the heat from the inside felt like I was being boiled alive. About a year later 2018 I met a SSGT from United States marine corps and I liked what he was saying a family people who would believe in you and be there for you and i was hooked so I signed up and he would pick me up every day to go workout and we would go get coffee breakfast and lunch together and just talked about life I soon began spending my whole day there at the office working out from the moment he went into work to the moment he went home which generally was from 5 am to either 7 or 8 pm of just destroying my body with weights and ammo cans till my eventually ship date came. To prove that I was not welcome back they got rid of my bed and have my room already revamped into a craft room the day before I left and then I boarded the plan and left for about 3 months and I loved it there until I wound up getting severely hurt, during pugil sticks I caught a bad hit that knocked me out and gave me a concussion in which something changed and I spiraled down into depression on base and was rendered unable to train and discharged before graduating.

I was devastated I watched the one thing I truly strived for fall apart in front of me and everything became hell the moment I made the call that I was coming home the first thing said was do you have money. Turns out my dads heart issue got worse and put him out of work for a bit and they were broker then normal so the money I earned in boot camp roughly 3k worth vanished the moment I got off Plane. I spent 1 month without a job as I wallowed in my depression as I slept on a guest cot that is falling apart with springs sticking out pushing into my back even as I write this. I got a job at a good paying rate but then rent was due 500 a week when I only made 430$ a week so I constantly owed them money was not allowed to eat the food in the house. I began spending 10$ a week in secret to store food at work so I could eat until SM lost her job as well around this time I should bring up ED moved in with her new bf late 2018 so I don’t have an actual room just a small space. I stayed at this job for almost a year until august 2019, ever since being hit in boot camp I started stuttering and it was progressively getting worse and worse as time went on until that month I couldn’t say a word without stuttering for 3 mins or longer and where I worked if you can’t speak clearly you cannot work their so I was sent away on medical disability to figure out the issue afraid their lifestyle would change too much they took me to the doctors to find out that they would have to take me to a therapist potentially and other doctors they decided that was too much work and refused to take me to them anymore. Before you say anything they are my only form of transportation because we don’t live in town and it’s too far of a walk or run. So the only reason why I’m still allowed to be here is unemployment benefits. And here I am again about to try once more as life is too much and I feel numb to everything. This was and is the reasons and shall be considered my written notice to disappear finally. 

I apologize for it being so long and thank you for reading this far certain areas didn’t have details such as the sexual abuse as they were too graphic to describe here. Thank you and Goodbye