Its been a while, hasn't it?(TL;DR: Im physically and mentally ill and am suffering for things that aren't my fault.)

I havent felt this way in a long time, and yet, here we are. I already feel like my life is over and I haven't even been alive that long, comparatively. (For fear of invalidation and because I hate being the age I am, I wont reveal how long Ive been around.) Im being punished for something that isnt my fault, and I dont want to live any longer because of that fact.

First off, I was physically, verbally and emotionally abused from age 9 to age 14 by my father. I was given PTSD and anxiety from those dark years. Even after cutting my father out of my life for the sake of justice (I never got criminal justice for his actions, he simply lied to the police when questioned and they bought it) and for my own safety, I still have flashbacks. Sometimes Ill hear his screams behind my music when listening to it. Sometimes Ill get the feeling that he's very close to me and about to grab or hurt me out of nowhere even though I know fully well that he's not even in the same room as me. Sometimes Ill remember a time where he belittled me or dragged me by my arms or hair or shoulders, and I feel the presence of his touch on me even though its not real...this damn illness impedes everything I do, from schoolwork to going outside to even getting out of bed. I feel unsafe in my own mind, and you can't escape from your own head.

And if this crippling agony wasnt enough, the cherry on top of this egregious cake baked for me is my physical health. Ever since I was about 10 years old, Ive had random fits of nausea and pain in my stomach. At first, it came and went. But now, its near constant agony. Im losing weight quickly, almost anything I eat can trigger a feeling of my intestines trying to vomit themselves up, I cant sleep because Im in so much pain, and Ive missed a lot in school because of taking so many sick days. I have biliary dyskinesis, which essentially means that my gallbladder is slowly losing functionality. There's a certain percentage of bile your gallbladder needs to excrete to be able to function properly. Im assuming the lowest number you can manage is around 80%. Mine is currently functioning at 27%. The only light at the end of the tunnel is that Ill be getting surgery in January to get my gallbladder removed. But by then, my grades will have fallen tremendously because Im too sick to work my final exams will have already passed, Ill be homebound or bedbound because Im too sick to leave home, and Ill be pretty goddamn depressed as a result.

I just hate how much of a massive failure I have become. I dont want to live with these ailments. Im suffering from things that were never my fault. Im going to fail my classes, Im going to become sicker and sicker until the pain inside my stomach and inside my head becomes unbearable. Ill try to take my own life when that happens, I know I will. Its pointless to continue, but I cant just stay at home because of obligation as a student and as a human. Ultimately, if I continue schooling, my death will come quicker, so I should be happy that Ill die sooner.

I should just let go now, and let go of any foolish hope I have left. Granted, I'm not sure how to do that, but I have to do it. Ill raise a glass to my inevitable failure then, having finally found the guts to take my life as easily as it was given.