I don't get what to do.So i'm on celexa 20 mg, but recently after being on it for 4-5 months my psychiatrist and my parents and i have decided to go down to 10, with 5 mg steps over two months (i'm on 15 mg right now). the thing is, things at home have gotten so fucking shitty that rather than allowing me to go to college (i'm currently an 18 year old senior in high school) at one of the very best colleges in the nation for computer engineering, my parents are forcing me to take a gap year because they think i'm not mature enough to handle it. sure it seems like some extremely petty shit when yout hink about it, but my whole life hs been leading up to this (lol, all 18 years of it. seems so much stupider when typed out.) and now seeing all my friends go off to college while ill have to fucking work for the next year because of my parents not letting me go. my mom said that the only reason i have done well in school is because of all the help that i have gotten and only because of that, and even with the help i still fall behind easily and am not doing that well, and that when i go to college i will have 0 support network. my mom said that if i go to college next year (with no gap year, just go normally), my parents will not help me and if i fall behind in college they will NOT help me in anyway and that will be the end of my education. i know i know, this is all really stupid shit, but it's not to me. i know that when lowering medication, if you start to feel suicidal thoughts or being depressed you're supposed to talk to someone immidiately, but the fact that i cant go to my parents (they'll just think it's another ploy by me to manipulate them and get out of trouble) and therefore no one else (because they would end up talking to my parents) is really fucking me up. i dont see my psycologist until the 10th (and that is my last appointment since my parents said that i haven't even been gaining anything from there now and i refuse to change so no point spending money on something useless like that), so i can't even talk with that person (both for the reasons not seeing until the 10th and the fact that she would tell my parents, which is bad [see above]). for the past few days i have been thinking of committing suicide (i have thought of doing so before, 1 year ago approx which is what started me on SSRI's and all that jaz), thinking of what i would say in my final message and how i would end up killing myself. i just don't know what the fuck to do. please fucking help. 

thank you.


edit- reading some of the other posts, this really stuck with me: So kids, I'm an attractive male who has his college paid for by his fucking parents, I'm white in an predominantly white society, I'm athletic and have had a lot of success with athletics in the past. Want to know how much of that matters when your depressed? None of it.
i'm not white, but the rest of that is true. and that has made me all the more fucking sad and useless about my situation because i have been GIVEn all of these opportunities and so much help (parents, organizational coach, psycologist [2 different ones! there was a 3rd but he was shit], add meds, ssri's, you fcuking name it) yet still i refuse to do shit and get my act together, and the fact that my parents spend so much on me and yet i change fucking makes it worse, and that only makes them angrier at them spending so much money on just a sinkhole. fuck.

edit #2- well tonight isn't the night either (2 down, who knows how many to go). kinda really sucks to keep having my emotions cycle from waking up (fuck), school (better keep this face- http://i.imgur.com/64Wg0.png ), to back home (fuck). going to go to sleep. thank you all for your help. if you have more advice, please do share. 