I get that they say no man is an island, but it sure feels like it right now. Feeling utterly hopeless.I'm 19. I'm a second year at university. I'd really appreciate if you'd read this, because I have no one else to talk to.

 I don't want to bother going into huge detail about my problems, but a broad summary will be helpful. I'm getting an assessment done right now, but I don't know how long it will take (possibly a month or two). It's through my university. They said they're pretty sure they already know what's going on, but might want to do more testing. And I might want more testing just to be certain, so I can properly get treatment, but I've been through the mental health system for 6 years and struggled through this for so long that I'm not sure if I can make it much longer.

 From what I gather, what they have in mind (if this is helpful) is bipolar 1, generalized anxiety disorder, and probably PTSD. Assuming this diagnosis is valid (which I'll do for the sake of brevity), the manic episodes I've experienced have been utterly brutal (very rarely euphoric; mostly extremely irritable, hypersensitive, grandiose, and even psychotic - both grandiose and persecutory delusions; felt like I was having a mental breakdown every day) and have made it impossible to function, tearing apart close friendships and relationships again and again and getting me hospitalized twice (which happened when this went into what would be a mixed episode - I was crying and laughing at the same time and just generally completely awful). It's so shameful, because during these periods I want to apologize to everyone that I fuck over but it seems so insincere because it happens again and again. And when it all disappears, it seems absurd and feels like it couldn't have happened. *Surely I'm not like that.* Combined with this is what they have identified as an anxiety disorder, which means constant worrying and nervousness attached to my mood (making them even more volatile and making the racing thoughts I get even worse) and some problems with trauma from a friend's suicide 9 months ago that don't help.

To contrast with this is depression which I didn't even realize was severe for years, but apparently suicidal thoughts is considered a serious warning sign. For me, those were daily and chronic (and also appeared in the manic states very often), and were combined with a lack of motivation so pervasive I fail to do basic things many days and would some days have to use sleeping at the end of the day as a motivator to get through. I've fallen into one of those periods in the last few days after emerging from what I would guess would be a manic state. After two months (they're getting shorter and more frequent now; before it was 3-4 months once a year; I've had two similar periods this year so far) of irritable, impulsive, high-strung me, I've fallen within a week into one of the deepest depressions I've ever experienced (I think, but obviously I can't tell) and I already feel insurmountably ill. I feel like everything's collapsed. For the last two months, I felt awful, but there was a volatile motivation maintaining me. Now, everything's gone. There's total despair, like I can feel the sadness sucking everything out of my body (there's that feeling of a slow burn in my throat, if that makes the emotional experience any clearer). I feel totally exhausted and trapped, with absolutely nothing that can help me feel better. I'm there now, and I have nowhere to turn. All of my old friends are gone. I've pushed many away over the years, or they've just drifted away. I can't make more. I'm too nervous and depressed. I have no friends in university. I'm too introverted and my interests are too different from the people around me (or the people with similar interests tend not to be the ones who you can easily spot, because mine are very introverted) and even if I did find anyone they still wouldn't want anything to do with me because I'm so fucked up. Every day's the same ritual. All that changes is my mood. It dominates everything, though there's precious little in my life to dominate because it's so barren. Nobody's ever really loved me - they've said they did, but they always had someone else they cared about or loved more and I've generally gotten the short end of the stick throughout my life. And the ones who did care all got pushed away by me when I was manic and out of control, and I couldn't communicate to them how I sincerely didn't want to do that. It seems like no one will ever love me, and I'll never find a reason to live whatsoever. 

I've made it through 6 years of these mood problems. I've made it through psychosis. I've made it through the crippling depression and the terrifying mania. Nobody gets how fucking hard I've struggled. And nobody seems to know how to make it get better, including me. I don't want this. I want to live a meaningful life, but as things are now it seems impossible. People tell you to look for the little things in life for motivation, but I genuinely can't. The little things *can't* give me joy. It's just a wall of despair. I want a diagnosis now if they think they have it, but I'm afraid they'll get it wrong and I still won't get better. I want one person who will show me affection and love, but I don't have that and I likely never will (and it's entirely my fault). It's just such a cold and lonely existence, and even if I feel an emotional warmth in myself (I do) the depression does its best to freeze it over and the mania makes it burn and makes it impossible to properly express it. I've been trapped in this madness for so many years. I know I'm ill. I know I've done wrong. I've been told so many times that I need to realize these things, and I do. It hasn't gotten me anywhere. 

I just don't think I can do this anymore.