It seems perfectly logical to me....TL;DR discontinuing my life seems perfectly logical to me, after trying EVERYTHING to fix my life and turn it around.

Middle aged, after the crash of 2008, everything went down hill. Nothing new, I was always depresssed, my whole life. Maybe there were a few specks of happiness, but certainly not the majority. Now I have health problems, financial problems, no money to relocate, losing my house in foreclosure, need to go bankrupt, and nobody to lean on  or depend on. 

I wake up suicidal every damn day. I go to bed suicidal. 

I have the means, and backup means. I run scenarios through my head. I scribbled out a will on a legal pad. I live alone, nobody will find me for probably 2 months. Most of my friends only call me once a month, many it has been even longer. I have no really close friends where I live, just acquaintances. 

When I say I've tried everything, I mean it. Well, not psychadellics or MDMA, but it's so cumbersome to obtain... bitcoin, dnm, etc etc. 

Here's my exhaustive list of shit I've tried to fix my life: diet (every fucking diet out there), exercise, supplements, CBT (mental health department totally sucks, no insurance for private practice), anti-depressants rx and otc, mindfullness, support groups for suicide and PTSD, meditation, wasting days on the internet learning stuff, applying for thousands of jobs, I investigated going back to school and applied -  got rejected. I have no money to get out of town and get a change of scenery. My house is collapsing in on me, things are all breaking down, basement's flooding, mold making me sick, no money to move. I really want to burn the fucker down and kill myself.

Yes, I have the means, and a backup plan. Pills &amp; cocktail, and if I wake up in a day or 2, a 357 by my pillow. 

My best friend suicided in 2009, and I have not had any worth-living for experiences since that day, I'm just here taking up space, waiting to die. It's all such a waste. Nothing to look forward to, nothing to live for. 

I've tried treating the hypothyroidism, it was kind of my last ditch effort. It seems to be the root cause of a lot of my health and mental issues. Got meds, but really, problems are way more encompassing than my physical or mental issues, it's financial. I fantasize that winning the big lotto would fix everything. Yeah, right, that's just stupid. 

I hate to discount the pain and suffering of the 20-somethings who are in total despair, I know it's real, but there's still the chance things could get better, but at 50, fuck, it's really all down hill from here. I have a pound of good weed and I don't even want to use it. I would love to find a way to posthumusly post my suicide letter on facebook. It would be really stupid to post it and then not die. I think the whole chickening out thing is a possibility, and that would be very embarrassing. I know twitter has some apps that let you program the day and time of the post. 

If I were to make a balance sheet of reasons to stay and reasons to die, dying would certainly win out. 

I just needed to get this out, so alone with it. 