First and I don't want it to be my last postHey everyone, pardon me for my grammar, English is not my first language (rather 3rd). I'll try to give as much detail about me without giving my identity away. I have been on this site for quiet some time, yet only now I decided to make an account, because I feel like it's the time. I tried to kms, with the gun I've got when I was 9 years old (pneumatic Baikal rifle, looks similar to one of those biathlon once) for Ligo Diena. A celebration of Summer Solstice in my country. It jammed on me when I tried to end my life in the middle of November by shooting myself in the brain from the top of the mouth. After I pulled the trigger it took me a minute to collect my courage to open my eyes again to realize it's not over yet. I checked the gun and tried again. Same result. This already happened when I went on a shooting range and all the bullets started stacking inside without leaving the barrel properly. As of now I am 15, 16 in little over a week. I live in a family with above average income, yet a majority of my parent's income has vanished due to some of their ex-partners betraying him. We still don't live in poor conditions, yet the tensions in my family are ever rising. Couple of years ago I got in a conflict with my father where he didn't talk to anyone from my family for 2 months due to me resisting to throw the box from the 2014 World Cup finals football (not that into football, but it still looked neat to an eleven year old me). If you think I am not recalling the entire conflict and that would never happen, pardon me, but it did. A similar situation happened a couple years later, when my dad started to eat potatoes with his bare hands from my bowl after touching his toes and rubbing his itches all over his body. I waited for him to stop, and after the 3rd time he reached in I asked him if he wants me to go get him a separate bowl of the same potatoes. He said he is fine and continued on eating. Then he asked me if I want to go play golf with him and his coworker (sorry to all the golf fans, not my thing especially after he reached into my bowl for the 9th time with his dirty hands). I wouldn't mind this, I just left the kitchen after I putted everything away. I would've definitely forgot about it the next day, but he decided to boycott my family, but this time for nearly 3 months. A more recent situation that drained my will to live, happened in around may, after having a crush on someone for around 4 years I finally looked at another girl. That school year 6 girls had a crush on me from the grade below (I ain't completely ugly, yet I am definitely not a pretty boy, I rate myself 4/10, my friends tell me I am a 7). I still doubt that any of those girls liked me for my looks, but rather for my shitty jokes and ability to play guitar. I've liked one of them back. We were together for 2 and a half month of summer. She couldn't meet me in June, and in the end of June I got into another conflict with my father. We went on vacation to the coast of Mediterranean. He refused talk to me or my mother for 1 and a half month because I "disrespected him" by saying "please don't touch me" when he just got out of water and I was laying down on the towel while being on my phone texting my girlfriend. This put a lot of pressure on me which I undeservingly released on my gf. She broke up with me mid august, around same time after my dad has started talking to me again. Now I realized he never partook in raising me. He never took care of me as a child and now he wants to spend time with me when I needed that time years ago. I don't hold a grudge against him for that. But he yells at my mother for doing the simplest things such as cooking too much food. He is very ungrateful and doesn't understand how much she cares of him and the family and how little he gives back. When she asked him to listen to her, he said he is the one earning the money, he should be listened to and not her. As the result me and my mother had to live off for 30 euro for a month, that including food, hygiene products and other necessities. I had those 30 euro saved up in my piggy bank. Later on I got back with that girl around begging of November only to break up with her again in two weeks, cause I found out from others that she now only viewed me as a friend. More recently approaching the time when my grandma died in around Christmas time of 2017 from cancer, my grandpa also got into the hospital with possibility of the same type of cancer (in 2018). They haven't met each other for the past 35-40 years. As of now I feel like a depressed sack of shit, who gets emotionally overly attached to people, who can't move on, gets yelled on by his father (and when my mother tries to stand up for me she gets yelled at too. This happens vice versa too). I try my best to get good grades so I can leave this house and be able to sustain at least barebones living away from this place. For now the only things which relieves my inability to sleep is overdosing on "valerijanka" and writing songs. I am sorry if something doesn't make sense, I can clarify it if you ask me specifically. I had asthma for 4 years almost all primary school years which has left me, but gave me shaky hands and sweaty palms which makes it hard to type when I am nervous. The abuse from my father towards me and mother is getting to me. He demoralizes us both and makes us indirectly starve by giving no finances to buy simplest of food or hygiene products if we don't obey him. I don't blame my ex for leaving me. She really deserves better than this.