Can a person be simply born incapable of surviving in today's world?Everyday of my life I think of a way I could kill myself with as little consequence as possible. The only reason I haven't done it is I don't want to hurt my family. I've tried to kill myself before but couldn't because I knew my mom would find me. Even though my mom really doesn't like me and would probably be over it within the following months. My dad isn't really around enough to be worried about me, he had an affair around the time I was born and called me a mistake when I was 12. So I don't really give a shit what effect it has on him.

With exams coming up I'm more worried than ever because my marks have slipped into the 60s and 70s. If I fail my classes I think I would finally be able to take my life because that would be the final straw. I've been bringing my marks up consistently in the last months but it hasn't been enough for me to be happy with them. I'm in grade 11 and I worry that because my marks are so low no University or college will accept me. I feel like I've ruined my entire life and there's no reason to keep struggling to fix it.

I never show how I really feel to anyone because I don't want to be a downer, so everyday I have to play happy for 16 hours. I have quite a few friends but my closest ones don't seem to like me that much any more and tend to exclude me from their conversations and activities. I do have an insanely cute girl at my school who I've been getting close to and that's another reason I've postponed my suicide. But the problem is I think I've already ruined my future. Because in 2 weeks I'll get a bad report card back and maybe even fail English, which used to be my strongest subject before my depression or whatever the hell this is.

I skip school about 6 times a month because sometimes it's too much work to pretend to be happy all day and do my best in class. Even right now I'm up at 2am because night time is when I can finally stop acting and just relax. Most nights I don't get to sleep until 4am because of social anxieties. 

TL;DR Fucked up family who are the only reason I can't do it. School, my horrible grades, lacklustre social life and meaningless future have me willing to give up the struggle, run away and end my life where nobody will find me.