Hurting.Hey guys, I just have to vent a little bit. It’s a bit long. I am not in the best spot of my life and I’m not too happy with myself. To give you all some insight as to why I’m not happy with myself, heres why...

1. I’m 24 years old, jobless, and still live with my parents.

2. I’m pretty overweight and I am extremely self conscious about myself. I’m not morbidly obese but I’m far from healthy and getting bigger quickly.

3. I’ve been at a community college for 6 years already and I have no idea what I’m doing. I just take classes to not let my parents down, but I don’t feel like college is right for me.

There are many more reasons as to why I’m unhappy with myself and sad, but I wont make them all. Since 8 years old, I’ve struggled with chronic depression and suicidal thoughts. It got even worse when I went through middle school and high school. I was physically, verbally, and mentally abused for so long. All these years later, everything I went through still burdens and effects me. I still have flashbacks of being abused and every hurtful word I’ve been told runs through my mind constantly. These past few weeks have been very hard on me and I feel my sense of joy and positivity being stripped from me. I know everybody says this but... quarantine has really taken a toll on me. I was already a recluse which isn’t good for me, but having to stay inside and not going anywhere for weeks damages me even more. I’ve been feeling completely worthless because I’m already an adult and I have no real game-plan as to how I’m gonna get out of my parents house and be independent or pay my bills and fend for myself. Im also a musician and I have played in bands on on stages for 12 years already. I always thought I’d be someone famous and who knows, maybe one day I will be. Maybe one day music will be my career and I wont have to worry about money ever again... but so far, I’ve found myself barely successful and afraid to create. I am also in a relationship and we argue a lot but today, she really went off on me and her words hurt extremely bad. Like I said, these few weeks have been extremely hard and us arguing was what finally broke me. I had an extreme breakdown and I haven’t ate or gotten out of bed for pretty much the whole day already. And to be honest, ending my life has been an option that has been running through my mind more than usual. However, I will never ever take my life or die by my own hands. I am a survivor of multiple suicide attempts and what makes this even more hypocritical of me is that I am an anti suicide motivational speaker. I have traveled to many places and helped others realize their potential and saved many lives with my story. I help many people every day but in reality, I don’t have anyone I can turn to so I can be helped as well. I find myself alone and hurting 99% of the time and I don’t know how much more I can take. My heart is breaking more and more every day. I’m weak...I’m exhausted...and nobody seems to care.