Bad thoughts, no glimmer of hope this timeI think my boyfriend is leaving me today. He's sleeping on it as I type this. I would normally survive this kind of thing, though I'd come out on the other side neurotic, but the timing is spectacularly bad. I gave birth to a stillborn baby two months ago at 35 weeks gestation. It was devastating and I've lost all sense of purpose because of it. I'm struggling to come back, I started back to work last week and am not enjoying it for a variety of reasons. I'm also taking 12 credit hours because I still don't have a college degree. I have one friend, my social life has revolved around work for several years, but those relationships are now strained and awkward. It hurts when people don't mention my baby or let me finish a sentence when I want to talk about him. I still love him and he'll always be my son, my only child, so I need to sometimes (though it's rare) express my live for him or mention the pain I went through. I understand most people don't know what to say. They can't understand it, it's so very wrong to give birth to a dead baby, it goes against the laws of nature. 

So I've always been a moody person, someone with a short fuse, someone who will, spit out hateful things and regret it later. I've hurt my boyfriend, I've been naggy and I've been on his case about getting a job because he's been unemployed for almost a year. I've been incredibly stressed out over the baby, returning to school and work so I'm getting emotional and weird around him often lately.

This morning he came home at 5 am and said he wanted to move out because I get on his case about spending time with his friends and other petty stuff. It's all an extension though of my agitation over him not working or helping out a lot around the house. Example- he stays out late, wakes up late and doesn't have time to apply for jobs.

We're in never-ending cycle of crap, it feels like it never ends and maybe he has the right idea by wanting to leave me. Maybe, for him at least, it's for the best. But I do love him, madly, and we shared a horrible experience few people can understand. He's the only living con ection I have to my son and the one person, under good circumstances, who brightens up my day and makes me laugh. 

My future was already unsure, now I just feel like a walking wound, a broken human being. I'm afraid I'll never find love or have a living child. I'm 33 and feeling 50. I'm afraid to quit my job because it's the only stable thing I have left, I'm afraid I'll have a nervous breakdown and get fired from my job. I'm even afraid of killing myself because I might get it wrong and be in an even worse place. Still, it seems like a viable solution and this scares me. Maybe this is a passing phase and I'll come out of it. Maybe the medication I'm on (concerta) is jacking with my brain. I don't know but I could use a kind word or some advice.   