8 YearsIt's been almost 8 years.

Since I was 14 this has hung over my head. Not a cloud like all these tawndry commercials you see for Zoloft, Prozac, Celexa... or whatever the new drug is... No it's more like a pitch blackedness. I'm 22 now. I have no one. I have nothing. In these 8 years I have rarely had any human connection. Occasionally (twice) I had something, but the first was built on toxic soil, and the second? ruined either by me or something unseen. I will die, I've accepted as much, and its not even because of her. I hope she realizes that. I don't want to hurt her, or anyone that "loves" me. But there is a point of no return. Everyone I talk to wants to tell me there is, I assure though, there is not. I have been in every room in my mind palace. Noticed every crack in the moulding, every flaw. I'm no carpenter and there isn't any for many many miles. I am not even sad, nor numb. I ruined my chance a very long time ago. Tell me everyone has flaws? Hah. Not like these, I've wanted to say something to the people who want to "help" me for a long time. "If you were put in my shoes, you would've killed yourself by now"... As if I am somehow stronger then they could ever be because of this. Maybe that's how I can so easily justify it. Dying. But do I not have a right to die? It's my life, there are 8 billion humans on this planet. We are essentially an infestation. Regardless, the fact of the matter is I cannot accomplish what I need for a happy life. I could sit back and become complacent like the rest of the world. Prevent circumstance from driving mental force and be "happy" (sometimes) but I don't want that. I want perpetual happiness. Disappointing thing is that for most people and for me in particular you can't get that alone. I could be content with life. I was recently. Then she came along, most beautiful creature I'd ever seen. I was elated, enchanted. Worst part being it was mutual. I could feel the energy I put in her. How  happy she was. Nothing else mattered, maybe that was the mistake, but who gives a fuck anyway? I am trapped in layers upon layers built over years and years of coagulation. I wasn't even who I wanted to be before, which means on-top of conquering everything I have to restructure myself, build the person I desire to be. I am though. Becoming the person I desire to be. Companies frothing at the mouth to interview with me because on paper they see a real asset. And it may be true, I've always been someone who appreciates efficiency. But the endless loop of my humanity brings me back to this place. My lack of capital making the changes I am trying to facilitate borderline impossible. The overwhelming gloom I feel everytime I see a memory of what was. I can't even appreciate some of the music I did before because music was what started us. She thinks I am something I am not and furthers that for herself with false empowerment. Thanks, wish I had the ability to do that. Oh well. I've got my date. Hopefully everything I've put infront of that door will stop me. I doubt it... but who knows...