Honestly at the end of my rope at 24. Wall of informative text provided. Thinking ending it is the correct move.I'm a 24 year old with bipolar. I've been depressed for a while now. I used to be pretty 'manic' insofar as I lived my life to the fullest and was quite charismatic and impulsive. I can't do much of anything these days and sometimes I feel that I've been misdiagnosed because I've been depressed for around 2 years now and that's a long swing.   


Reasons why I want to end it: I am always exhausted. There are things that I /want/ to do but I'm so fucking tired, I just feel like sleeping all the time. I took a semester off of uni because I was not in my right mind. I don't know when I will be in my right mind. I live with three friends, one of which I share a room with but he is gay (thus it is platonic) but we act as a coupe in some ways. The other two, a couple, are great friends of mine but I've been feeling like I am somewhat in love with the male and have been for some time, so their closeness crushes me and I hang on any physical intimacy I get from him (such as a hug or him rubbing my back or whatever). I've been in love with a lot of people that I've not been able to have though, so I think that I have deep seeded masochistic tendencies that disallow me happiness.   


I generally dislike living here.   


I'm incredibly anxious, I feel that everyone's judging me all of the time, when somebody is having a more avid social life than me I feel bitter. I am 100&amp;#37; entirely and unfairly bitter, it is all I am. I am too anxious to date or do much at the moment.   


I feel apathetic and have lost passion for almost anything. I told these three friends that I wanted to kill myself last year and nothing happened besides everything being awkward for a few days so I don't want to talk about it again. I used to be an okay writer but I can't do that anymore. I have a note, it reads like this:   


'Hi everyone,   


This isn't the best thing I've ever written, but it sure is the last thing I'll ever write. The purpose of this letter is to simply say goodbye and, above all, limit all blame that anybody might be feeling. This did not happen because of my upbringing or my current environment or because people did not do enough for me, or did too much for me, or said something that could have been misconstrued by me. This happened because of my mind, that's all, just a chemical imbalance that I can't cope with or control. Nobody can be blamed for that, not even me- it's biology, and we can hardly blame biology for this. It is what it is.   


My life was not a wasted one. I've died young, yes, but there were times when I had fun, times when I felt loved and excited and hopeful. I have you all to thank for that.   


Try to remember me as I was, not how it ended. Remember the best version of me.   


Much love, always, even in death,   


Anon'   
