it feels horrible to feel totally alone even with access to the internetI'm posting here because I really don't want to end up back in the hospital a 4th time. I'm having issues coping with being alone. I read the forums for a ton of websites. I frequently lurk all over the internet and dispite all the conversations taking place and all the people I see, I have never posted.

I feel like I don't know how to talk to anybody on the internet and I don't know how to make new friends. On some occasions I've met a girl and hit it off with her, but it fails because of the same reasons... I push people away and I have an inability to become friends with her friends. I don't know how to talk to someone without freezing up. It makes getting a job terrible.

I've been to psychiatrists a lot in my life and I've worked out a lot of the issues I have but it never helped my issues with motivation and my ability to talk to others. It's actually so bad that I haven't already ended it solely because I can't get up the nerve to ask someone for help with jumping my car battery so I can drive it to a safe location.

I lost most of the friends I made in high school and the very few I still talk to on occasion are all in different cities away from me. I just don't know what to do. I can't up and move because I don't have the money for it. I have such bad work history that it's really hard to get interviews now. I have no skills and I have no idea what I want to do with my life. I know it's pointless to think about, but there are countless things I wish I could take back.

how do I talk to people and make friends? Everybody I meet just thinks I'm weird. I'm not good looking, I'm not witty, I'm just a gamer/anime nerd. I've always been polite and nice and I'm really accepting I just... never hit it off with anybody

i don't want to inconvience anybody so im worried that if i just go through with my plan without moving my car then i'll hurt someone innocent but this isnt about that i just

i just want help

i wanted to start programming but i dont know where to start i used to have dreams of designing videogames and i look at things like minecraft and wish that i could just make a living doing what i enjoy like him (I bet a lot of people wish that but can't, now that i think about it)

I can't focus my thoughts so I'll stop here. Its easier to type this because i'm desperate and this is a throwaway account.