I don't matter anymoreMy mother who i took care of for 11 years died in september while i held her hand. Ill never know if she heard our final goodbyes. Ot was health complications. Due tot the fact Covid is a thing i was unable to marry my fiance which wouldbhabe been in september too. On top of that the day before we were aet to be married an old friend killed himself the day before. He had once seen me on a dark place and i had slit my wrist. I managed to stop the bleeding but the image stuck with him and the look he gave me still sticks in my mind. Well the other day my fiance tells me that she doesnt know if i have made a positive impact in her life and is afraid to marry me. 
I have tried countless ways to express the heaviness in my heart but i feel im nearing the end. Not just of my relationship but of my life. Everything is so heavy and cripling. My job will be lost as i work for her mother. My fiance says she has no odea who dhe is outside of a relationship. Here i am wpndering how i got to be so toxic. I have all the love to give her but it seems to not matter i guess. I have no one to talk to abput this. All my so called friends dont care or only care if it involves them. They have their own lives and concerns. I dont need anpther judge. I need help. Im afraid im gping to kill myself. I feel completely alone and have no family to count on. 

It's been a week and nothing has changed. She doesnt feel sexually attracted to me for whatever reason. She cant even begin explaining it to me. She tells me she cant process things anymore. Day after day i have to be in front of her family and put on a smile. To hear her mother refer to me as her Son In law. It kills me. I had to leave work one day cause i couldnt hold it together. I went into the woods to find a quiet place. A place that was as close to PEACE as i could find to kill myself in. I had my knife in my pocket. After an hour of walking i gave up and instead took photos. To remember where i was if i were to do it in that location. Im scared. I crave the eternal sleep. Its my only escape from this lie i live. This sadness is unbelievably heavy. If it wasnt for my dad grieving for my mother i wouldnt even hesitate at this point. I feel more toxic to the people i love than i do helpful or wanted. No matter how many times i asked the gods for a favor. To give me hope. To let my mother be at my wedding. To let me feel alive. God says No. 
I just need a door to open or this room will be forever silenced and my pain turning to a whimper. Dying in the dark and fading into memory.