MotorcycleI registered for a motorcycle license training center a few days ago.
I already have one for the average cars and motorcycles under 125cc, but with this one I can drive motorcycles above that.


Not that I have ever rode one before. I never even touched a scooter. I only have ridden bicycles.


Of the many reasons I'm trying to get it, I responded to my parents that 'I would get more options for a job'. Yes that's true. Something is off with my speech skills, and every potential employer asks on interview that if I lived abroad or if I am of foreign national. Those were only minimum-wage *part time jobs*.


So yea I wish to get some delivery job (though I'm a girl and I haven't seen much girl deliverers) after I get my license.


One reason I am keeping secret is that I kinda wish I die while driving one.


 I don't have the courage to end myself anymore. After two failed attempts (or 3, but one was prevented by someone before I even tried), people including my parents are sometimes suggesting that I do it for attention or that I am too 'weak' and 'lazy' to go out and work. I finally explained everything I felt since I was a child to my parents, but their answer is 'then how did you go to high school?'. Of course, every day was torture. they ask 'but you seemed fine'. That's because *I tried so damn hard to not break down*.



I got kicked out of graduate school for attempting to end my life, my PI allowed me to write my thesis and settle for a master's, but I finished writing and sent them but NOW they say someone else in their lab is going to submit a paper of similar topic soon. *The PI gave me this topic in a meeting where everyone was present*. Since I was kicked out of the lab, I had no contact with any of the lab members, no help even when I asked, the kind which only lab members can give. No helpful feedback. No nothing. Just requesting some personal info papers from time to time for their money laundering scheme (Long story and no point chasing after them and I have no energy nor money for all that legal stuff).




I sent them a 2/3-done thesis draft a little less than 2 months ago, all members and the PI. The PI didn't even seem to have read what I wrote in the email - he just said 'you are keep saying you are confused of this topic I gave you, just read the email I sent you earlier'. The lab members? Nothing. No response. For work-related stuff, I have to go through the office (which is unusual in this school) who sends them and vice versa.



So aside from me having nothing to do even if I get that master's, the past I'm trying to leave behind keeps coming back to haunt me and I'm tired. I don't want to tell my parents anymore, the last time I asked for advice (one of my parents is a univ prof) they said they are tried and that just take care of it myself. I'm OK with that.



The last thing my PI said to me right after I got dragged down to the lab after a lab member found me trying to hag myself, was that I was 'disgusting' and the other time he took out recorder and told me to sit down and say what I did. As if I was a criminal. I was kinda shocked, even in my clouded suicidal mind.



I am willing to let those all pass and I wrote all my thesis and only some editing is left, and NOW they are telling me my whole topic has to change. I was ready to just take the graduate test (very customary in my country, everyone passes - though I'm not sure if they will intentionally make me fail), do my defense in Fall, and get some training for welding trade or pick up part time jobs.



My savings are just enough to buy a beginner sports bike and pay the register fee/mandatory insurance stuff/basic safety equipment like a helmet and some pads/Some oil, without my parents knowing. Though I don't know anything about insurance stuff so Idk if they get reported to my parents since I am still under their medical insurance.


Idk, maybe not the motorcycle way.




I finally wrote the fucking thesis, nearly 100 pages long as my PI ordered me to, AND suddenly some other lab member is submitting a review paper of similar topic in some journal this month??? I have discussed this in a lab meeting in MAY. I don't mind having similar topics, but it seems my PI doesn't want papers with similar topics coming out at the same time. But I didn't even expect to get my thesis published, I just wanted it was enough for my defense and just get done with it.



I spent my childhood studying, I spent my teenagehood studying,  plus during all that I suffered bullying and severe social phobia. I graduated college. Went to graduate school like I wished so many years ago, though the future was a lot darker than I wanted.



The kids my age who skipped classes and had lower school grades are now having actual jobs, some are even married, having kids...It is not that I am bitter about them, I am happy their lives are going nicely. I just feel so...unfair that my life is this way because of ONE factor: mental health. Social phobia/anxiety, that was the one thing that separated me from other kids.


People my age are depressed about not being in a relationship. I can relate, I am lonely too but I have never been in one, plus it is way harder for gay people to find partners in a homophobic country. Most importantly, *I can't even land a minimum-wage temporary jobs*. The country I am living in is bursting of jobless young people who have way more skills than me. They are encouraging young people to go abroad. I want to but I don't have the courage yet - I almost panic when I go to a public swimming pool where I pay to get in. I tremble and can't even walk right while taking motorbike lessons when I don't take my meds, when I paid 300 USD to get those lessons.



I used to panic when I just stepped outside my apartment, my legs literally shook and I couldn't think and feel properly. At least now, I can *partially* focus on what I am actually supposed to do when I take meds. But forget to take one and I am a mess. I'm turning 26 in a few days and I'm like this. It feels especially worse now since my parents went to travel Europe this week, which just made me feel how interior I am, how I cannot even afford to earn ONE dollar while they and other people my age are able to go on vacations. Most of my savings are from my parents' allowances when I was in school, since I was living by myself but financially depended on parents. In graduate school, I 'earned' less than 600 USD a month for research, and about 400 USD a semester for teaching undergrads. The government tax thing says I should have received more than twice the amount I received, but as I explained earlier, I am too tired to chase after some small-time money launderers.


I don't know this wall of text is fucked up, I'm afraid to even open my email because I'm scared what kind of thing my PI will demand. I refused phone calls from him because fuck that, and my doctor advised me to cease all direct contact with him.


He knows I am a bit slow with verbal communication. I want TEXT but every time I ask some sensitive information, they resort to talking some jibberish. I don't know this can't be explained to someone who is not living in my country, *and* is not well acquainted with how academia works. Even I know nothing. My father got enraged when I told him everything I saw and experienced when I was in that lab, but he is tired too and I don't want him to spend his energy minding my business.


What kind of adult am I? Can someone come and kill me while I am asleep?


I see my doctor tomorrow, how should I explain all this in 10 minutes? I don't want to live