Staring at this card since I got it from the Doctor...I don't know why I'm bothering writing.  Maybe it's cathartic?  I'm in so much pain everyday.  I'm just too poor.  Always too poor.  Making the right choices for my kids to have food, clothes, but we're always behind.  ALWAYS.  I can't save up 40,000 for OMS... not in this lifetime.  Not with a family of 5.  I'm on the precipice of losing everything because of this and there's no safety net.  I bring home $400 every two weeks.  My lot rent is $500.  That doesn't include utilities...I have to deal with the lock jaw...I have to deal with the broken teeth from grinding and gritting.  Every door I go to slams before I even get a foot in.  "It'd be a waste of our time and yours to see you...try and take out a bank loan"  With no credit?  I make peanuts.  I made mistakes young and I've spent a large part of my life trying my damndest to rectify them but it doesn't matter.  None of it does.  If my jaw dislocates one more time I'm gonna lose it.  I cant even yawn.  The doctor saw it today her self.  She brought in three nurses when I made the request for a Health Care Directive, she asked me if my heart were to stop right now would I want her to try and save me?  

I couldn't answer right away, it took a second to put it into words.  "If I had to go on living with this arthritis in my jaw, the shards of teeth in my mouth when I wake up?  No...I can't play with my kids it's too dangerous, I can't go to their school functions because everyone assumes I do meth."  She smirked, though her eyes were kind.  Then she mumbled something about no pain pills. I could care less.  They don't help.  I don't want any.  I just want a fucking money cloud to crap on me and get me out of this misery.    It's sooo much money.  My house is worth 5,000 according to the last tax assessment.  I can't even use it for collateral with the bank.  I'm tired of being profiled.  I'm tired of being told what I am.  She tried to sell the Cymbalta schtick to me with, "It's a anti-depressent AND A PAIN PILL."  I wanted to scream.  I wanted to grab her by the face and tell her to listen to what I was saying.  I need a referral that it's medically necessary to have the surgery done that's all.   I didn't scream though...I smiled and nodded and told her no thank you.  Just a referral please, PLEASE.  She finally agreed, under the premise it's only valid when my insurance comes through.  I thanked her for her time and patience.  She left, came back and handed me this useless fucking suicide hotline card. "You're going through a lot of negative things so if you need someone to talk too...."  (Ain't gonna be me though. is what she should've said)


I called the representative for our state insurance for the third day in a row as I walked out of my appointment to ask if she's heard back yet...

She said my paperwork must be "lost in the black hole abyss" and she'll email them to confirm they received request and as soon as she hears something she'll let me know.  It's the same as it was 6 months ago it's been 2 years.    

Out of all of this none of them care that I'm dying slowly anyway.  They have the weight loss on record, they have ruler bite and lock jaw and arthritis, the bone degenerating, all of it.  It doesn't matter.  There solution is get the money and get it fixed.  Otherwise stick to soft food and don't talk, don't yawn, don't play with the kids, don't do humanely things.  Be a shell.

I'm a prisoner in my fuckin body right now and all I have is this fucking card.  This card, and knowing exactly what the world sees when they look at someone like me. 

Broken teeth must be a meth head, crooked jaw looks like inbreeding obviously, doesn't talk well she's a stuck up bitch...

My intimacy with my husband is gone now and bless his heart for sticking around but how is that fair to him?  How is it fair my kids when their friend's parents who won't let them come for their birthday parties because they think Im a crack head?  I love them, I truly do, I love them enough for them to not have to deal with that crap.  The questions...the looks, the snide comments.  If only my parents had loved me enough to get this fucking crossbite fixed when I was 4.  When they said "GET IT FIXED OR IT WILL BE BAD"  I wasn't important then.  No more important than I am now.  I'm 28.  With the mouth of an 80 year old.  

And they give me this fucking suicide hotline card like they're gonna have a magic fix.  Like they'll call the dentist and tell them just help her, let her in the door, give her an updated xray.  None of them will though...not without an agreement they do the follow up work.  Which they can't because I'm a liability.  

So for now, I'll sit.  I know there's people who have it worse than me.  I know there's people who are literally trapped in their bodies.  Right now though, I'll just cry in my bathroom and finish filling out this fucking form.  I wasn't made for this world, or at least this world wasn't made for me.  It hurts, it's throbbing and my ear is ringing.  I just can't do this another day.