I Feel Like I'm Out of OptionsI'm sorry about rambeling but I really need advice and this is the best way I can articulate my situation...

  My mother is overbearing and emotionally abusive all throughout my childhood and teen years and I had suffered bouts of depression, cutting, and anorexia every time I lived with her.  Perhaps emotionally abusive is too strong of a word.  I'll call it excessive Jewish Mother Syndrome (for example when my mother found out I had been raped by finding hospital papers in my car she screamed at me for not telling her because it meant I didn't trust her ::insert eye roll here::.  My father and mother are divorced and I previously always had a really good relationship with my father.  I thought for years I was inherently flawed and doctors always took the side of my mother because I was under aged and hormonal so they assumed it was me.  When I went to college and moved out of my mother's house this depression almost instantly vanished.  Yes, there were times were I was sad or lapses where I briefly cut or starved myself but it was not a lasting behavior and never as severe as when I lived with my mother (minus immediately after my rape, but I think that's understandable). In all when I live by myself I have self esteem and am happy and content.   I took time off from college last year (all my friends graduated but I just have a few credits left) and moved to my first apartment by myself.   Earlier this year I had to move out of that apartment (TLDR; lots of drugs, partying, and a crazy pregnant roomate who fucked everything up for us).  I lost my job and had too move back in with a parent or else be homeless.  Still after the drama in my life, my spirits are up and I have the self esteem and know with all to try to get my life in order.  I move in with my father in another city.  I think its going to be great.  When I don't live with my mother my relationship with her aproves (she has no power over me er go she has to be nice to be I guess).  I move in with my father to discover that he is emotionally and physically abusive as well (throws things, calls me names etc...).  I can't live in that enviorment so I am forced to move back with my mom.  I am now here and the cycle of manipulation has continued.  She tries to control what I eat, who I see (I'm 23 years old), and just other daily functions of life.  I have been trying to find a job for a year but its hard for someone without a college degree (seriously Starbucks turned me down for another aplicant and I did give a great interview.)  Plus all my experience is in non profit fundraising and the only job I can get in canvassing, which I can no longer do because it makes me sick because it takes to much energy (I had mono last year and standing and begging for too money all day takes quite a physical toll on your body).  Anyway, I am forced to live with my mother until I get a job to pay for college so I can get my degree.  Yet I'm falling into the same patterns.  Deep depression, cutting, anxiety, thoughts of suicide.  I feel like there is no way out.

I honestly don't want to kill myself, but I need an escape from this whole thing.  I guess I'm more asking for advice on what to do.  How do I get out of my parents house so I can live alone and be happy again.  Perhaps if anyone can see some alternatives in my situation and lead me in the right direction.  I don't know how long I can put up with it.






tldr; mom and dad are emotionally abusive but too poor to live by myself.  Super sad.  What do I do?