Help! Paranoia about surveillance, govt., and living in squalorLong post ahead, sorry. 
(eta- I forgot my 1st throwaway psword, but here is my first post here for more insight into my life right now or skip ahead http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/35r1tn/i_want_to_join_the_27_club/)

I just want to say: I take my meds. It took almost a decade to get the right combo, but I take them and I feel like I've been back to my "old self" before my body started breaking down. I've always been a hyper-vigilant person from having to endure child/familial abuse, so those feelings are justified. I've mentioned in my past posts I'm living with bipolar disorder and a bad case of cptsd. BUT I take my meds. Because of this abuse situation, I have no choice but to eventually quietly disappear into the night for my own safety and sanity. Either finding a secure location and starting a new life (IDEAL yeah!) ….or ultimately ending my life permanently. The latter seems to be making more and more sense now that I'm living in squalor. So it's not a medicine situation, it's more of a downtrodden situation IDK. The side effects could be heightening these thoughts, but my life really is that shitty. I won't dive into all the details, past posts dip. I hate reliving and reminding myself of how worse it keeps getting. Anyways.


With everything going on in the world, I think it's very normal to be paranoid. You'd be "crazy" not to be a bit paranoid. The American govt. has let me down when it comes to aiding someone like me (sick, broke, but working and desperately wanting to!) and now they're tracking every move I make. I am mostly living off the generosity of a friend and will soon have to find somewhere else to squat. Everything is fucking dirty. I am paranoid about bedbugs all the time and dirty things (valid reasons, had a bug infestation --had to throw away hundreds of dollars worth of clothing--money I could've had to get me out of this current situation. So now I have clothes, but barely any. NO real home. I'm about to pawn as much as I can to get cash. Lots of debt). The last place I worked had a bedbug infestation. Once you deal with that and realize the financial burden it is, the constant strain and worry oh god. I'm just constantly OCD about everything that it's making me want to opt out of life. I'm never ever comfortable anymore. The paranoia about EVERYTHING, existing with disgusting and destructive human beings is pushing me over the edge. Add the desperation to hold down a job, fuck even getting an interview would be a dream come true at this point.

 
I'm not saying I'll do it right now. But can anyone make those 3 topics seem livable to me? I guess this is more of a ranting post. But it's honestly giving me such bad anxiety-- I don't know what's the point if I can't go to sleep without thinking some type of bug is crawling on me or this dirty person on the train is going to cough on me and get me sick, and now I to waste time/money getting better when I could be working. I think all these things are real concerns and not overreacting. What I have to worry about is now falling deeper into the homelessness pit while the world is getting harder and harder to run in this ratrace at all. I don't think it's worth it. Is anyone else struggling with those specific three things too, along with suicidal thoughts? I'd ask for anyone to bring me down to reality, but this *is* reality. 