I dont think I'm needed or worth anything anymoreThere was a time I was worth it and needed. I was the top 10 of class A and, although I really didn't join any amazing contests, partially because my parents didn't want to and partially because I wasn't that good for interschool contests. But, I still had high grades. I was worth it, I was loved by my parents. My friends sometimes come for me to ask questions, so there was a time I was needed.


There was a time I was needed. Although I recieved my first C- (it was Calculus, btw), I still aced most of my classes. Despite sucking at calculus, I never once thought of cheating or doing any underhanded way to "win" against my classmates. My parents were disappointed, sure, but some of my friends still came to me when they needed a study buddy or homework helper. My parents didn't like it though, and tried to restrict my time doing other things regarding my studies. Sometimes they catch me, sometimes I get away scot-free. I didn't care, even though I wasn't worth as much anymore, people still needed me. 


Of course, for me to remain needed, I had to pick the course who's requisites were the things I already topped in. I was good in Chemistry and Math (sans Calculus), and although I suck at Physics, I thought Chemical Engineering was cool, so thats what I pursued.


There was a time when I was just a mediocre student. When I first entered the university, I felt how small I was compared to my classmates (or competitors, if you want to put it that way). All of them were scholars and in the honors program and were people who never, ever saw a grade below B. I wasn't a scholar, but was still part of honors program, so maybe I just wasn't that good as them, but was good enough for honors. That was fine, I might not be needed anymore, but I was still worth the honors stuff.


There was a time where I was the friend and I was the burden to others. I started getting subpar grades in college usually only seeing 2.5 to 3.5's. My suckiness in Physics and Calculus brought my grade down to 3 point somethings CGPA. I was always asking, always researching, looking for ways to cover the gap between my grades to that of my peers. I always overworked a certain person who I always, always pestered when I really don't understand anything. But it wasn't enough. I started getting 1.0's and 1.5's. But, my CGPA was still teetering in the honors CGPA, so I guess...


And now, all my grades are failing, in the middle of a pandemic. I'm pretty sure I'll fail a major this term. My parents know, ofc, they tell me how much of a failure, good for nothing person I was. At first, I retailiated, I told them how I'm not a failure, how I'm still worth something, although much less than before. But... I think they're right, because if they're wrong, I should've proved them wrong a long time ago.

(I didn't. I couldn't.)



I'll be forced to shift. From being a person who is worth it and needed, to being a person who has been nothing but a bother, a nuisance and a waste of space. 


Maybe the best end for a waste of space is...


Nobody needs me anymore anyway, I'm easily replaceable and forgettable.