Amazing, quality help, does not exist (over age 45)People say, "make calls, reach out for help." They don't describe what "help" means. Help is a verb. 
I relate to people close to my generation because my issues are age related. 

I left the State where I registered my residence due to a job loss. I can't go into detail about that here because it is too complicated. 

I'm not disabled, no mental health nor addictions. This isn't a SSI/SSDI, Medicaid matter. 

I learned that free clinics offer services for the primary populations they serve (poor, lower skilled, limited education). I'm not devaluing humanity. That level of service doesn't help me since I went beyond in my career and education. So, the  level of problem solving should be done by myself. 

I was a WB Whistleblower. My ability to EARN an income (living wage, not entry job) has been taken away. 

Any job that doesn't cover my expenses and healthcare prevents me from being productive. That's for anyone whose basic needs aren't met. 

I have reached out to some county places out of State and non-profits, but they want my "residence, county" address since they get funding for people who are registered residents. 

I lost my housing. Some people sleep in a hotel, a tent or a car. Use your imagination. That's why agencies can't offer me anything. It's because  I'm not registered in that location as a resident. 

I don't need the shelter systems. We can go on and on about that. It works for some, and not for most people. They don't get people sustainable work to rent in market rents who have good credit, advanced degrees, and self awareness. 

I've called people on the phone, only to be screened by receptionists who are not the actual therapists, and some don't think outside the box. Some people live in their comfortable bubble &amp; didn't have to learn how to survive. 

Survivors have innate skills that go beyond  education. And many well meaning  do-gooders who try to help are clueless about what some people who have been deprived of an income go through. They offer suggestions we've already explored and platitudes. Compliments and "you matter" don't pay the bills to provide comfort, joy, independence, and peace.