I'm at the end of my rope.Hey, uhh, never really done this but i'm just going start by saying Thank you for taking the time to read this. I am also do not think i would kill myself, but I do fear that i am becoming to reckless. Basically, I feel emotionally Drained at the moment, and I stumbled across this sub-reddit awhile ago and thought maybe someone would like to talk, or just listen.

I am current 18 years old and a male, I grew up in the worse part of Canada. Suicide, death and disappointment was always a big role in my life. I was also unfortune enough to be born with a rare case of speech aperixa and Autism. My family life was great, but the neighourbour hood was ridiculously horrid. I was bullied all my life and still am bullied. This leading me to have horrible self confidence. My first experience with death was very little, most of my uncles died due to lung cancer from smoking to much, or suicide. I also did not have any money Growing up, my mother and father worked 2 jobs each and left me and my siblings home alone a lot. thankfully me and my brother stayed close but my sister got into drugs and gangs and what not. she suffers from bi polar and takes it out on me and my older brother (shes the oldest.) Blah i dont know where im going with this but all im trying to get across is that i had a rough time growing up. Death, bulling and Poverty.

Ive suffered from depression pretty much my whole life. I met a girl when i was in 14 that saved me from this. i love her a lot and She means the world to me. when i was 17 I stood by my grandmothers side as her kidneys failed and She was there by my side the whole time. I didnt cry when my grandmother passed, im a logical thinker so i knew it was coming, i accepted it and moved on with the support her. I also took my basic parachutist course (im a paratrooper) at only 17! which is my proudest Life accomplishment, but i couldn't do it with out her. She lifted my spirit, and thats a big reason why i am here.

Anyways, i feel like im at the end of my rope lately because this last month was fucking horrific. everything that could go wrong is going wrong. It all started with one of my closest friend killing herself, it sucked i knew her since i was like 12. that was a rough fault, but she supported me. that same week my best friend killed himself. i knew him since i was 5. once again i stayed strong and showed no weakness. i had great support with family and her.

After i grieved for awhile, i continued life. until my uncle killed my auntie then himself. this was rough i was really close with them and it shocked me that he could do that. but like i said im a logical and mythological thinker so i dealt with it the best way i could and she was always there to lean on. a week after that incident my Great uncle, whom i visited monthly died of old age. Sadly i could not be there on his death bed due to university and he lived 3 hours away. i attended his funeral and once again she was there to lean on. just like she always was and always will be... so i thought.

a few weeks ago she dumped me. Saying she needed to Find herself. i have never felt more lost, more confused more disappointed in my entire life. Like i said i like to believe im a logical thinker, but this, i cant Seem to find a point where my mind is the winner. my heart is in pieces and every time i try to come to an honest conclusion my body aches and i just weep. I just dont know what to do. I love her and always will, and although everyone says that ill find someone else i feel like i wont. And as stupid as that sounds, i know it sounds stupid i hear myself and i think to myself that im an dumb ass for thinking that, its the only conclusion i can see at the moment. my heart is so dedicated and so loyal that the thought of anyone else is redonkulous.

I feel discarded, i feel old and boring. Like a simple phase made my life lose meaning. i was there for her, and she was there for me and now all of a sudden im alone again. My friend are all drug addicted or bad influences and i dont want to go down that road. i am the only friend i have with a grade 12 and the only one who is in university. i have horrible social skills and i feel like i cant find anyone who can know me aswell as she did. i told her everything and she told me everything i feel like i lost a part of me.

i feel like i need help but i dont know where to go. Ive cried to my mother enough and i dont want to be a burden, ive tried to talk to my friends but they just dont get it? we were talking me and her, but all of a sudden we just stopped, the biggest part my life is suddenly a stranger yenno? its a weird and emotional time for me with everyone dying and i have no one to fall back on. I have nobody, so i came to you guys. i hope someone has had a similar experience or something close, and i realize that not all situations are the same but i just need to vent i guess.

Regardless, im starting to drink a lot. starting to stay out late (used to be home at like 11, because Fuck to police) ahah no, i used to be home early out of respect for my mother and father. i like to think im a respectful young adult, but my lifes going to shit. im barely going to university and im scared im going to fail. Actually... im just scared. the unknown is now the only thing i have left. i used to hit the gym regually but not even that seems boring and everything i do is just a memory of her. it just nothing makes sense and i need a helping hand but i dont know where to start.

honestly the only thing i have currently is my music, and my fave artist is Taylor swift which doesnt help because all she fucking sings about is her exs. what the fuck is wrong with me reddit? Urggh. i dont know im just ranting now i apologize. Regardless can you guys help me out?

P.s i realize how ridiculous this is, i tottaly jumped all over the place, i just have a lot on my mind currently and i havent talked to anyone about all this. please forgive me and i thank you sincerely if you read my whole post. it means a lot just to know that someone listened, while... Read, what i was feeling. thank you. also i dont know you, but just know that i love all of you guys. a lot. thank you, ill try to stay up to read any replies i may get, but because its kinda late i doubt anyone will see this.

fuck. thank you.