is there a such think as an online suicide hotline?like instead of calling and talking to someone you can talk online over a chat or something?

also what are you supposed to say? that you want to kill yourself? Are you supposed to say why? Is it stupid to call if you aren't really sure if you want to kill yourself or not because I don't know if that really counts as suicidal and I don't want to waste time/resources if it doesn't.

I don't really think i'm suicidal right now, if anything I'm scared of being hospitalized again (tried to kill myself before by overdosing but it didn't work and I wound up in the hospital which was horrible) but I've messed up my life pretty badly. I'm a full time college student and I'm currently failing all of my classes, I signed up for a major that I had no experience in and all the concepts are completely foreign to me. I don't enjoy the work, or the classes, I struggle every day just to be motivated to go. When I don't try on the work I get an F. When I do study and try I also get an F anyway. Just found out for sure that all my grades are failing and I'm scared because I don't know what happens when you fail all your classes. Was thinking about talking to an adviser but when I talked to my parents and told them (because I was feeling so overwhelmed and had nobody else to confide in, I don't have friends) they were incredibly angry and upset with me. They told me I am a failure and the only reason I'm not getting good grades is because I'm not trying hard enough and I must want to fail. It hurt because more than anything I don't want to be failing, I hate myself so much for letting them down. I'm scared about all the money invested in student loans and all the money they wasted putting me through years of school for nothing. I feel like killing myself is the only way to make up for that because if I'm dead at least they won't have to spend any more money on me and the sooner the better because the longer I wait the more money they waste. I don't have any friends I'd feel bad about leaving behind, I don't think my parents would care too much because they already have told me I disappointed them (this isn't the first time it's too long to go into but basically they have told me my entire life that I have disappointed them, not lived up to their expectations, just been a burden and and a child, they don't feel any affection towards me). Pretty much the only negative is that I am scared I will fail again, and if they are angry now I don't even want to think about how angry they would be if I didn't succeed. It would be even more hospital bills, and psychiatric bills, and on top of that all the other bills (school, loans, etc) that I left behind. So I am conflicted. I would like to be able to talk to someone else to hear their opinion. I mean I'm not naive enough to imagine that anyone would say I should kill myself, but I just mean I would like to 

actually no nevermind I'm just tired of feeling like I burden everyone and for once in my life I just want to hear someone else tell me it will be ok even if it won't. i feel like that's all Ive wanted my whole life because I've never heard it or felt it before.