I'm a Failure by Every Measure and I Can't Escape My RealityI'll try to keep this short. I'm almost 22 years old, I'm obese, I've worked 13+ jobs since I turned 18, most of which I quit within a month by ghosting them. I've heavily relied on my dad to pay my bills and buy me food since I turned 18. I went to community college and dropped out. I'm roughly $6,000 in debt and my credit score is about 400. I have no skills. My attention span is nonexistent. I can't even watch a movie without pausing it every few minutes to research some random thought I had. I'm still a virgin, in fact I've never even been in a relationship, not even in elementary school. I barely have any friends. I hate being around people, I avoid eye contact out of instinct, I've only met a few people who I can hold a conversation with and not resent them because they're annoying me. I always feel awkward no matter what situation I'm in. Even when I'm with friends I feel like a complete outsider who doesn't belong. That's all that's wrong with me. Now, for the other problems, even if I was a good person (which I'm not), I cannot escape this godforsaken town or the people who reside in it. I've burned bridges with so many employers that I'm having an incredibly hard time finding a job. I constantly have to talk to my family who treated me like complete shit when I was younger yet expects everything to be peaches and cream now that I'm older and they give me money and shit. I'm sick of being my sister's personal babysitter just because she had to have two kids, I'm sock of pretending to care about people who I don't care about, I'm sick of going to stores and seeing people who I absolutely despise. I hate everything. I really fucking hate everything. There is not a single good thing about my life. I feel like I'm reaching the end of my rope. I don't see anyway out of this hell. I'll feel bad about how my suicide may affect my dad, but I'm sure he'll get over it. I was going to wait because I felt really bad for him, but now he has a new wife and he's happy with her, so at least he has a support system. I'm done.