I had an attemptI haven't really talked about it with anyone... Last year a couple weeks before Thanksgiving, a few hours before my shift at work, I swallowed all my Lithium and a half empty bottle of extra strength Tylenol. This had been a long time coming as I've had suicidal ideation since I was about eight. Last year at the end of July I decided self medicating with alcohol was enough. Drinking almost a bottle of vodka a night was too much. Coming out of this haze awoke all these bad feelings and as I am Bi Polar, it was hell. I kept making jokes about killing myself in front of friends and family and they all laughed, but I was serious... I started cutting to feel something. I would grabbed my girlfriends sweat pants and tied them around my neck and tried to hang them off the door, but didn't have the courage. As the month's went by I'd sit on the floor back against the bed and stare at the pill bottles in my hand. This went on until the day it happened. I awoke irritated and depressed. I picked a fight with my gf that was so petty, I don't even remember what it was. I took a shower and then sat around for a bit. Since the moment I woke up I kept telling myself today is the day. I waited until my gf got in the shower and sat again on the floor holding the bottle of pills. I went on to pour the Tylonal and Lithium in to my hand and hesitated for a momment. The thought "today's the day" popped in my head once more. Thats when I looked at the cup of old soda sitting on the dresser and that flat drink helped all the pills go down. I returned to the floor and began crying, repeating to myself "I just wanna die" over and over. While sobbing I managed to send out a couple I'm sorry messages before laying on floor hoping it would all end. About ten minutes later my gf walks in the room and finds me on the floor still crying and I'm livid. Nothing has happened outside the pain I feel in my stomach. She sees the empty bottles and asked about what I have done. She pickes me up from the floor and drives me to the hospital and all the way there im puking out all the pills. At the hospial they said that's what Tylonal will do. I spend a week in the hospial. Most of it in the mic u as they were afraid my kidneys and liver would fail. Then a week in the mental hospital. In the mental hospital, time suspended and once I was out I had realized what I had done. The feelings of emptiness consumed me and I felt like a failure. In the end I couldn't even kill myself! I felt like the same helpless kid that I was at eight years old. Everyone was so awkward about what happened that we never spoke of it. I had so much anxiety that I literally avoided friends I'd run into. I still feel hurt and I don't know how to convey this pain. Maybe it's just my self esteem but I can't seem to talk about this to anyone. I feel weak doing it! I want a bettee life and I want to be happy. I want to never go down that road again.