Do I deserve to be unhappy?Don't know if this is where I should post this.

I've been depressed and wanting my life to end for a while now and I over heard my mother with my sister and started wondering if I deserve to be.
My sister was talking about how terrible her life is because our house was egged by one of her ex friends. (She wasn't home when it happened.) My mom sounded really understanding and all, but the part that got me was when my sister brought up my name. She said "Why's everything so hard for me and easy for random-girl?" My mom replied with, "She's upset at times yes and you have it harder, but people cope differently and worse then others." My sister again, "she exaggerates her pain, nothing's even wrong with her life." Then my mom simply agreed and said "I know."

I never talk to my sister or parents about my problems so they don't really know anything; including that I've cut and I'm depressed. However all this got me wondering if it was true. *Maybe I should be happy. Everyone has bad things happen to them, right?*

I can't really pinpoint the main reasons I'm depressed, but I can figure out a few of the major reasons. 

One is the fact that people have tried to rape me in my past. Several years  ago an older boy tried to, but didn't get far before I escaped. I didn't tell anyone about it and never have. Also, another time happened more recently with a close friend of mine. He starts feeling me up randomly and when we were watching a movie he slipped beneath my bra and well yah... But I made him stop before he could do anymore. He's still my friend though because like before I don't want anyone knowing.

One of the reasons I cut was because I wanted to be the cause of my own pain instead of other people.

All my friends are guys because I've had a bad past with girl drama, but recently it's been really hard with them. One threatens me with his own suicide every time i say something. Another is making me chose which of the guys I want to be with, but I don't like any of them like that, they're my friends.

There are a bunch of other small things, but I don't really think they matter to much. 

Am I exaggerating my pain? The urge to kill myself to end all my shame, the feeling of being dirty and like I did something to deserve this and the feeling that I'm an object who can just be used for stuff like overwhelm my judgment at this point, I guess.

Sorry it's kind of long and disorganized.