I had run out of money; I was overloaded with debt, and then something happened yesterday that changed everything...Don’t give up. I almost did. My story:About a week ago, in the evening, I sat alone in my apartment, trying figure out where I went wrong. I was broke, my friends mostly lived far away, and I was suffering from a rather severe depressive episode, as I am bipolar. 

I wasn’t always this way. I used to be in the military, and I used to have a lot of money invested and in savings. Something traumatic happened three years into my enlistment, but I gritted my teeth and pressed onward. Two years later, I left the military and settled into a new apartment. The depression and anxiety had consumed me, but again I pressed onward.

Even with medication, my mood episodes became worse and deep down I didn’t want to live. I kept hoping things would get better. But they didn’t.

Fast forward to last summer: the HVAC in my place was leaking fiberglass; I didn’t know what it was, and as it got in my eyes and cut into my skin. I thought I was going crazy. I thought there were insects stinging me. I sounded crazy. No one believed me, and I again wanted to die. 

After discovering the fiberglass dust on my things, I moved, but it took a long time to clean it off of my things. 

Then, the pandemic hit. I was having some problems with substance abuse intermittently, and trying to forget the pain experienced throughout my life. I stopped using the drugs, and the depression returned. Luckily, I wasn’t dependent, but I felt like I usually do: shitty. 

I ran out of money this past month. I put my rent on the credit card, and had a plan in place for that same day. I knew I had hit my breaking point. I was likely going to be evicted in a few months, and I became so paranoid and depressed that I could not keep doing this. 

Yesterday, I decided to check my mail. It had been weeks since I’d been to my mailbox. I grabbed the letters and shut the door behind me. 

I noticed a letter, from the government and wondered what it could be. I reached inside and pulled out a check! Its sum was large, and initially I was confused until I read the letter. It stated the disability claim I had forgotten filing months prior had been approved. The Veteran’s Administration was sending me checks.

I was elated, and even though I’m still depressed, I’m not going to be homeless. The reason I’m telling this story is because no matter how bad things seem one moment, they can always change around the next without warning. Don’t give up because you don’t know what the next day might bring or who you might meet. I’m still depressed, but I feel like I can make it for now.