My [19] brother [25] is going on yet another date.This has honestly made me feel so defeated and worse about myself. I have never been loved or wanted by anyone else except one girl in middle school.

My brother is going for casual flings and stuff and talks about every girl he goes out with. I dont think he knows how much it hurts but he has always been a meat head so I'm not surprised.

He goes out on a date and finds a new girl what feels like every week and its slowly driving me closer to suicide.

I have never kissed, held hands, or gotten close to a girl and it makes me feel pathetic. Especially when objectively I would say I'm a good person. I love caring, and  talking/connecting with people and feel like I get along really well with others. 

It hurts because objectively I really hate his personality and type and if I was a girl I would not be interested in this type of person. He is a gym/fitness bro which isnt a bad thing but its literally his  whole life and had living with him my whole life a really cocky ego personality to go with it. I cringe when I talk to him because of how close minded and rude he can be but doesnt see it. I know it may seem rude or toxic but he is the literall definition of a meat head. 

His Instagram is filled with tournaments he has won since he loves Brazilian jui jitsu and I guess that's attractive? I could understand how some girls like that but I would be immediately turned off when I would talk to him, maybe he talks to them differently idk. Not to mention while we both look different we both have some undesirable features. We both have receding hairlines, we both are short like 5'6, and we both have big noses. 

When I look in the mirror I dont think I'm ugly but why has only 1 girl liked me my WHOLE LIFE. to be fair I have been completely isolated from any social life due to shyness and bullying for my whole life so I never really tried anything social or dating apps. 

This year I was ready to change that by making an instagram and finally starting some fun hobbies and stuff like volunteering at an animals shelter, rock climbing, archery, as well as joining some clubs in college. I wanted to make friends first but if I found a girlfriend that would be cool as well. 

I set a mission to not be alone by next valentines day and to spend Halloween with my new friends in early February. My life is literally on pause and he still gets dates every fucking week. 

It's getting to the point where I feel so fucking lonely my depression and suicidal thoughts are coming back. I just want to be In a  loving relationship. I'm not asking for anything FUCKING CRAZY HERE. 

I cant do anything to make me happy and life just keeps taunting me and laughing about how I can never have this. It's getting much easier to think about suicide again after making so much progress. Guess I am not good enough to be loved right? 

OH AND BTW I have respected the pandemic worn a mask and followed all rules meanwhile my brother thinks it's all a conspiracy and a "scamdemic" and STILL GETS DATES AND HAS FUN. THANKS KARMA AND GOD REALLY MAKING ME FEEL GOOD FOR DOING THE RIGHT THING! 

If I kill myself I hope it hurts him and he feels guilty, fuck him and I know he has no idea how much it hurts me and he would feel guilty for the rest of his life but I dont care anymore.

And finally please don't come here and spew meaningless garbage like enjoy being single or it will happen later, I'm ready to love and care for someone now not 6 years from now. I just want ONE loving relationship NOT ASKING FOR MUCH. 

One last note, I actually have a co worker at my new job who is kinda cute and I like talking to her. I dont think she likes me but ik everyone enjoys me being around since I made a good impression and make people laugh. This February I think I will get some flowers and bake some cookies to ask her out. I expect rejection but fuck it I'm feeling so bitter and jaded with life that I dont think I am afraid of rejection at this point. Maybe just worried things will be awkward at work.