I know that one day I am going to kill myself.Some days it feels closer than others, but I think it's at least a year or two out. This isn't to say it couldn't be tomorrow or that it couldn't be in five years. I only mean that I'm almost certain of it and it's how I *want* to die. I think I should be in control of when and how I die, you know, other than accidental death or murder. It's selfish, sure, but it's a personal choice that people make all the time and I want that choice for myself, too.  

 I find myself often thinking it would be okay if this car coming at me would suddenly swerve into my lane at 60 mph. It would be okay if I died in my sleep and never woke up. Dying will be okay. It's oblivion and I want it more and more all the time- more so than life or experience.  

I'm 31 years old, and while I know that I haven't seen everything, felt everything, been everywhere, or learned all there is to learn, I don't think it matters. When I'm dead none of this will matter and everything I do in life will be as if it never happened. 

My mother took her own life a little over two years ago. For a while I thought only of how selfish she was- and it burned a scar into my heart that will never fully heal. But I want to tell her that I get it, even though I don't think she knew what she was doing when she killed herself. She was fucked up on drugs and essentially trying to avoid going back to prison. I sometimes think she didn't mean to be successful and hoped it would win her sympathy, as she had done that once years before.   

When she succeeded and I found out, it took my thinking into new territory that I didn't know existed: We're all going to die. All my life I think I never really believed it- a youth being a youth- but suddenly it was real and it took my mother.  
  
 She gave herself to it. And she's gone and I can never talk to her again. I can never ask why or did she, oops, not really mean to? I want to tell her that she pulled the rug out from under us right before I was going to do it. I want to tell her that I've put the rug back but I'm still thinking about it almost every moment of every day. 

Those left of my family, my brother and sister and my dad and step-mom, my grandmothers, and very few friends- I can't talk to them about this. I can't get their *permission*, and I know they would never be okay with it. In fact, it would probably piss most people off. So it's my secret and I keep it. Except here right now because I fucking want to tell someone anonymous.  

I know how much it is going to hurt certain people. The only reason I really haven't yet is because of them, but I know I can't keep this up.
 I'm going to kill myself. I really doubt I could be talked out of it. I've read and enjoyed some of the most uplifting shit in the world, and the most negative shit doesn't make me feel hopeless. It's not that I feel depressed or hopeless anyway. It's just that I'm tired of life. I'm tired of waking up every day. I'm tired of the grind. I make music and I paint and I write and none of it matters because ultimately everything will be gone. I work to pay bills that I would rather laugh at. I eat because I have to, not because I want to. Life is inherently pointless. I know that I've got to make my own happiness and give myself purpose. No one can or will do it for me.... and I don't want them to. I just want out.
  