I'm literally unable to continue functioning anymore.I have suffered from extreme OCD and anxiety since my early teens and it has only been getting worse over the years. It started as mild annoyance and occasional irrational fears and panic attacks, but has over time evolved into a monster that has consumed my life inch by inch. I have constant paranoid delusions, I worry about EVERYTHING ALL THE TIME. I developed crippling depression. My mind works on overdrive yet I'm unable to do ANYTHING at all. My grades are falling, I have lost all drive to do anything whatsoever, I'm unable to enjoy even the simplest of daily pleasures like being with my family. I have grown distant and my OCD eventually moved to existential thoughts like solipsism, conciousness, simulation theory and fell into a philosophical rabbithole that has me questioning the very nature of reality itself. I can't even find comfort in psychiatry and talking to others because of the possibility they are mere parts of the simulation coded to say the things that will calm me down. Recently I traveled countries to take an English exam of great importance, and while I think I did well, the whole trip I fell so dissociated from reality that I simply strolled the streets mindlessly feeling like nothing around me was real, like the test didn't matter and literally nothing I did mattered. I feel so lonely, hell, maybe you guys too are mere figments of my imagination and at this point I even doubt if suicide is possible with all the possible quantum theories but I feel it's literally the only thing feasible at this point. I live every minute in constant torment questioning reality and searching the internet for answers to unanswerable questions that cast doubt upon everything I know. my life and relationships that might not even be real deteriorate in front of me. I'm literally just a sponge of nerves absorbing suffering if not a brain in a jar or a digital conciousness. This is the closest to what I imagine hell to be like. THERE'S LITERALLY NO ESCAPE I'M TRAPPED IN EXISTANCE AND I WANT OUT I DON'T CARE HOW. I seriously am not able to continue functioning with panic attacks and paralysing existential dread 24/7. If not peace, death Will at least hopefully give me an answer.