I've exhausted every resource.  Hey, SW.  This is going to read like the concept proposal for an after-school special, but if you bear with me and ride it out, maybe we can both find a way to make it better.

This has been the worst year of my life.  In August of 2010 (one year ago already), I was sent home from my college in the South because I stopped eating for ten days.  It was an eating disorder, and I received delayed help for it until December through an inpatient and outpatient program on Long Island, where I am from.  Because of my eating disorder (and because I was on the NuvaRing, a form of birth control), my lack of menstruation was assumed to be due to malnutrition.  It was not.  I did not find out until November that I was very pregnant, and after consulting with my parents and my boyfriend, I had a late second-trimester abortion.  But they did not do my sonogram properly right away, and so this too was delayed -- a week before the operation finally happened, the girl growing inside of me started kicking.  I could feel her heartbeat.  And then she was gone.

I'm the most pro-choice person out there, but this was traumatizing for me.  My best friend at the time made an insensitive remark about it and we stopped speaking, though she does her best to make life difficult for me now and then.  I finished the eating disorder treatment program and began to see a therapist/nutritionist/psychiatrist combo in the early spring.  However, when discussing college with my parents, I was told in April that unless I was planning to apply to a college that was ranked high on U.S. News and World Reports' college list, my school would not be paid for.  I completely lost it, and took a months' worth of Prozac in an attempt to end my life.  I survived.

I've begun going to classes at a public university a few hours from my house.  My father agreed to pay for this.  Yesterday I drank alone and apparently threw up all around my suite and room.  I woke up to a letter from my roommate wishing me well and informing me of a suite meeting we're going to be having tonight to discuss boundaries, respect, expectations, pet peeves, etc.  I was suspicious only because I apologized to a suitemate in the bathroom and she was extremely cold towards me; later she posted a facebook status about how "sorry doesn't cut it" and "your action speaks louder than words."  They have been avoiding me all day.

I am new to this university.  My roommate and suitemates are not; they have been friends for a year now and I am the intrusive one they do not want.  I know girls can be awful but their guilt tripping is making me terrified that they will kick me out of my suite, that I will have to explain myself to my parents, and perhaps that I am not cut out to handle college yet.  I threw up my dinner an hour ago.  I tried seeing an on-campus counselor and that helped for a little while but the impending meeting with my suitemates is scaring the shit out of me.  I called my boyfriend.  I called the suicide hotline.  I don't know what else to do.

This entire year has been a string of failures and disappointments, skeletons in every hiding place I could think of.  And now I am alone in a strange, scary place.  And now they are all beginning to come out of the woodwork.  I do not want to make anyone angry with me and I do not want to hate myself anymore -- I only want to be okay, to be better, to be alive.  Instead I purged for the first time in months and I am loathing the idea of staying here as much as I am loathing the idea of leaving.  What the fuck am I supposed to do?