I've tried twice and have noone to tellMy entire life, I seem to get by purely by luck. 

Finished school at 16 and refused to go to university or stay for sixth form, got into college thanks to my my dad's old friend teaching in something I was interested in. 

Getting my job was accidental, Handing out CVs and I had a printed out one more than I needed and handed it somewhere I hadn't even thought of getting a job. Pretty much the entirety of my friendships come from that job.

The only person outside of my family (ill call her J from here on) I've truly loved admits she has feelings for me but thinks there's too big an age gap and we work together (I'm 21 she's 28 and my assistant manager) and it fucking kills me to think that's all that's stopping me from being able to be the happiest guy alive.

We had to go away for the weekend together for work and getting home after made me wish it never ended. That's when I first tried, I was in a motorcycle accident so have access to copious amounts of painkillers without any question and had taken the week off for the release of forza horizon 4. I got drunk and sat in the shower for an hour before finishing off a week's worth of tablets. But I chickened out when my mum got home from work  and forced myself to throw up.

6 weeks later my parents were away for the week and I had been signed off work because of injuries sustained in the bike crash. This was gonna be it, noone around to stop me, noone expecting me to be anywhere. Same as last time but no being a coward this time, lying in bed listening to music, shaking like a leaf, the things I didn't account for entered the room. My two dogs. I couldn't be selfish and leave them at home whilst my parents were away for another 4 days. I crawled to the bathroom and once again threw up, spent the night on the floor with the two dogs curled up with me. The next few days I barely moved from my bed, constant stomach cramps and sweating, it was hell but I managed to fake happiness talking to J who was one of only two people to ask how I was doing (I'd been off of work nearly a month at this point)

But this is the key point for me feeling I have noone to talk to, 2 weeks previously, I was talking (Snapchat) to J like most days but something felt off, her mood was up and down. 1 minute she sent naughty pictures the next she was talking about her anxiety and coming close to tears. I knew she had a few glasses of wine but then she also sent a video saying she had taken lots of painkillers and wasn't feeling good. I immediately panicked and rang her and sat on the phone making sure she to keep her talking whilst I figured out what to do. I called her an ambulance but they were super busy and said it could be a while before they'd get there. This really scared me as I was unable to get to her as I don't drive and couldn't ride because of my knee. So I contacted a mutual friend who was able to get over to hers before the ambulance did.

This is why feel isolated as the few people who know about J are the only people I could tell too but I'm worried they'll think I'm just trying to be edgy or desperate for attention. I can't tell my parents as I can't even deal with their disappointment from not telling them where I am when I go out for the night let alone the fact I want to die and have tried.

I probably won't try again but things aren't looking up anytime soon. 