Incoherent RamblingI’m not sure why I’m writing this, I’ve tried talking to people and it never seems to help. I’m not even sure where I should really start, all I know is that I think about killing myself several times a day at least so I’m clearly not alright. I lost a closeish friend at work the day after Christmas, her car slid off the ice and her and 3 others died. Her roommates both work with me too but I hadn’t seen either of them until today and I only saw one of them. I hugged her so tight, I didn’t want to let go but I didn’t want to crush her either. She’s thinking about moving because it’s hard on her to live here anymore because of all the memories. I don’t know if I can handle losing both of them. They are the only people that I genuinely look forward to seeing at work and I’m already down one of them. Then a couple weeks ago another of my friends who lives in a different state slid off the ice and is paralyzed from the waist down. All of my closest friends live very far away, I met them all online and have talked to them for over 6 years. Any one of them could die and I may not even know, I mean I doubt my mom would think to message them if I died. I get really bad anxiety attacks when I haven’t talked to them in a while. I also think I may be falling in love with a girl who lives thousands of miles away. I have talked to her literally everyday since we were introduced. It seems like she is the only person who can make me smile, the only person who I can really talk to. She’s made me realize I never really cared about anyone in my past relationships, I’ve never really connected with someone before. I’m so confused about my feelings, why someone so far away? Neither of us wants a long distance relationship, she’s said if we lived closer then we’d probably be together. She’s told me she loves me. I want it to work out, want there to be a happy ending. But she just feels so far out of my reach. I struggle with anxiety and I’m scared to even try to go meet her. I mean I have money to fly out, I could probably figure out a way to take off from work and talk to my professors so I don’t miss anything important. I don’t really have an excuse other than I’m scared of being rejected. I’m super upset with myself as a person. I’ve never made friends because I’m awkward, I just get super anxious and don’t know how to talk to people. I’m 18 and still don’t have my license because I’m too scared to drive or to go take the test. I’m overweight, doctor told me to lose 30-40 pounds. I just don’t even know how to start. I have no way to get to the gym, my mom always backs out. And I have no idea what to even do when I’m there, what weights to lift etc. I’m too anxiety ridden to ask anyone or get help. I’m not very.... well endowed below the belt. I’m terrified of any sexual situation because I’m worried that it’ll just be embarrassing. I’ve only kissed a couple people even and it wasn’t very passionate kissing. I feel overwhelmed trying to figure out getting through school and work and dealing with all my emotions at the same time. I feel like just dropping out and quitting and lying around doing nothing. My dad died when I was 3 and I’ve never had a father figure in my life. My step dad never really tried, always seemed like he loved his children so much more than me and my siblings. My mom made me do Boy Scouts because my dad was passionate about it. I hated having to go. Everyone else had their dads and always enjoyed it and bonded with them and I was all alone. I asked my brother to start coming with me in 9th grade so I’d have someone, but he just ended up becoming friends with my scoutmaster and got a job working for him and stopped coming. I made it to life scout, only needed a few badges and my eagle project to be done but it was too painful. My mom finally said I could quit sophomore year, but now I regret never finishing. I feel like I failed, my dad would be disappointed. I know my dads family is disappointed in me. They always said they thought I’d be a lawyer like my dad and they don’t understand why I want to go into computer programming. I was bullied from 5th grade on. About my weight, about my height, about how I was a nerd, I was weird, I was a loner, it goes on and on. How can I ever be confident in myself when I’ve been told for the past 8 years of my life how trash I am. Someone who was my best friend in 2nd grade and I still thought was a close friend bashed my head against a bus window and threw my glasses across the bus. I don’t even remember what I said to set him off, but I didn’t fight back. I deserved it anyways, I’m worthless. If that’s the closest thing I can get to a friend, than how fucking awful am I? The first time I tried to kill myself was in 5th grade, my first serious girlfriend cheated on me with my best friend. That on top of the bullying was too much. I fucked up tho and then a couple of my friends told the school counselors. I guess they thought they got me over it because I only had to go to them for a while. In 9th grade I was going to do it again after my friend bashed my head into the window, but a couple of my online friends talked me out of it. I only have 1 friend left from high school. Everyone else is online and my family has always made me feel like they don’t count. They ask why I don’t go out and get some real friends. I don’t feel like I can really completely talk to anyone, I’m always scared of what they’ll think of me. I can’t handle all of this stuff it just keeps piling up. People tell me it’ll get better but it’s been 8 years now and it just gets worse. I want to kill myself and all I can manage right now is to try to avoid going near anything that would make it too easy because I’m not sure I can trust myself. I want a happy ending, but I’m getting close to just settling for AN ending.... please help me, I don’t know what to do.