Inevitable?Turning 31 in 5hrs. I completely wasted my 20's by adapting the hermit lifestyle. I stayed at home playing video games, watching anime or wasting hours on end living in an MMO. I think the major turning point was at 19 or 20 I found out that my fiance was cheating on me. Not just in the normal way, but picture this. Imagine finding out that the wedding that your fiance is planning is not to you. How did I find out? On Myspace (if you even remember that) of all fucking places. On top of that, she and who I thought was my friend fucked behind my back. Since then I've turned to alcohol to numb the pain. 

Over the last decade, I've had my share of ups and downs, but the valleys have been long, dark and never equaling the peaks. When I was about 23 I ended up in the hospital because of a date with Xanax and schnapps. After that I was diagnosed with severe depression. Fast forward to more a more present time. Off antidepressants for years, $60,000/yr salary plus $125/day per diem, house, truck, getting out of debt and things are looking up, right? No, not exactly. Growing up in the lower class, I've learned that money isn't everything, material possessions don't mean shit. I'm still alone and slowly realizing that all my chances are gone.

I mentioned earlier about the whore, but that wasn't my only encounter with love. I've been involved with two others, but one only used me for sex and the other just got away. Just to make things fun, lets throw in candidate number four. Someone whom seemed like a perfect match. Smart, pretty, shared the same hobbies. Yeah, you know the catch is coming. She was engaged to my best friend. On top of that, they were living with me. After a long and emotionally draining love triangle I accepted what was happening and they got married and eventually moved out. I haven't talked to either of them in years.

Lets come a little closer to the present day, about 6 months ago, the one who absolutely destroyed me texted me. Stupidly, I carried the conversation. I mean, I thought I was finally moving on. The messages eventually stopped........ until two months ago. I can't remember if I made contact or if she did. I knew that this is a toxic situation and I should've distanced myself from it, but I just couldn't help myself.              

About a month ago I came the closest I have ever been to actually taking my own life, sending apology messages to my mom and sisters. The last thing I want to do is cause my family grief.

Now, to me sitting in a hotel writing this sorry sob story. Conversations with my ex continue, knowing there will never be a future between us. Absolutely no self esteem to even look for anyone. Let alone a tinder account that has gone nowhere. The feeling to finally end it is getting stronger by the day. I'm at wits end here. I travel 90% of the year, so the comfort of home is a rare escape that I almost never have and I think it would be so much easier for a stranger to be found dead in any given community that I am found in. 

I just thought it would be nice for someone, even just a random person on the internet to read just a small portion of this fucked up dream before it is forever silenced.