Do I still deserve to live?I grew up in an abusive household. Mom died young. Dad mentally and physically abused me until I was 17 and killed himself.

After that I lived like a total idiot. Just constantly smoking spliffs and cigarettes and eat garbage. I quit at 27 and started to spiral. I started working out all the time and eat extremely healthy. I can't believe I was living like such a fool. Like why did I think this was a good idea? I also got obsessive thoughts about what a fool I've been and how I'm going to die of lung cancer as an idiot.

I had this ex from 2 years ago. She was always very supportive. I broke things off with her because I knew she deserved better than me. I really wanted to talk with her about this. I reached out to her and she blocked me. I made a new account and gave off a suicidal vibe which was really fucked up of me. I wanted to explain myself. She dismissed me. I made a new account to explain myself some more. Without knowing it I was setting myself up to become a stalker. I explained and explained and she had zero empathy, called it whining and so on. In the end she had blocked me like 5 times before she exploded with the message aimed at destroying someone's psyche. It was so many insults in one message. So painful. What hurts me the most is that she said she doesn't have to feel guilt because of our break-up. But why did I do that? It was a perfect relationship for me, but far from it for her. She was much older, hinted at kids, she was much further in life. She didn't deserve my deadbeat loser personality. I end things for her and when I need her at my darkest time she destroys me.

I felt so bad about what she said. Just having that message repeat again and again and again in my head. I couldn't contain myself. I just HAD to talk with her to stop it. It became this manic obsession. It was raging through my brain. Just constantly sending her messages on insta dm, explaining myself, begging her to reply to talk it out and insulting her back because what she said made me feel so hopeless, angry and frustrated. I would often quickly delete those angry messages and send friendly ones again. I definitely lashed out at her too because it's so fucked up what she said. Abusing your ex at his weakest moment in life and ruining the narrative of my life that went in my head like 'ok, I fucked up, but I'm becoming better'... She said 'you'll never learn how to live your life' and it made me lose all hope for a better future. I would sometimes quit doing it for a few days, but her insults started repeating even more heavily in my head. I couldn't see any other solution than talking with her to end the torture in my head. This went on for four months. She never replied. In the end she got so fed up with my shit that she put her Instagram profile on pause. It was during working from home too so I didn't have enough distractions and it has ruined my mental health.

And now reality is starting to sink in how much of a dickhead I am. A horrible, obsessive stalker. Do I still deserve to live after this terrible behavior?