I am about to lose my scholarship because of my bad startNow I am sitting in my room preparing to go to a re-take examinations for one of the classes I have failed. I got a scholarship into a nice European university and this is just my first semester but I already screwed it up. I have been avoiding to tell anyone because I am afraid that they might take my reasons as excuses for my bad academic performance, I know...it was a wrong choice. I came from a country in South-East Asia. The weather there might not be as hot as in Africa, but it was pretty hot. When I went to my new university, I had to adapt to the weather here. Winter was approaching when I moved here. I suddenly had this allergy reaction to the cold. I would have some rash on my arms, legs, neck and at worst, my bikini area or all over my body. It was on and off. It happened if I was exposed to long to the cold or if I stayed late at night when the climate will only get colder. I wanted to see a doctor but I didn’t because I haven’t gotten my medical insurance sponsored by the scholarship yet and the medical fees is pretty expensive. I came from an average family in a third world country which is considered poor over here. So I really hope someone would understand why I did that. Beside, I was already suffering from anxiety and lack of self-confidence. I kept thinking what if it was an infected disease? I might lose my scholarship and other people might get this disease from me. ( Because I just figured out recently that it was an allergy reaction, I had no idea before ). This prevented me from attending classes. However, I tried self-studying in my room. Exams are approaching and you know what? My aunt passed away...because of breast cancer. She is one of my closest aunts. But I tried not to cry or grieve because I didn’t want people asking me what’s going on. I am awkward and I don’t like talking to people much. But this was when my mental crisis started getting worse. I questioned myself everyday about her death, the fact that I was not there at her funeral. Why does it have to be this time? Why am I the only one who have the painful itchy allergy reaction?...I had a lots of absences because I was busy hiding myself in the room to avoid the cold and only allowed my depression to sinks in deeper and deeper. Exams have ended and I am about to repeat one of my obligatory course while I have no idea if I could pass the other one or not. The problem is if I have to retake, I have to wait another year for the semester to start again and I cannot attend any other classes that are related to the one I failed. I don’t even know if they will continue sponsoring me since I already displayed bad performance in the first semester. I was never like this before. I was enthusiastic and hard working and this was not supposed to happen because this major is my favorite major. I feel so frustrated I want to cry but my tears just won’t come out. I don’t know what I can do and I am really afraid to reach out. This is the worst moment of my life. I really want to runaway from all of these.