Is there something wrong with me?I feel so pathetic. 

I've come to a point where almost everything feels pointless. 

I know things like school and having a social life aren't pointless. It's stupid to think that they are, but I can't bring myself to go to school, or do anything honestly.

I can tell my friends are becoming annoyed. I don't blame them, I hardly ever see them. It's my fault. I'm the one that always ends up cancelling plans. 

I don't know what to do. I can pinpoint some of my problems. I have extremely low self confidence. I'm extremely introverted. I often set my expectations way too high. 

How do I fix those problems? I don't know. I don't even know if I can. They've always been there.

When I was really little, my mom got out of an abusive relationship with my biological father and took custody of me. My biological father was a drug addict. My mother has PTSD caused by that relationship. She's been convinced there's something wrong with me ever since I can remember. She's taken me to countless therapists, physiatrists, etc. She's said that I'm bipolar, narcissistic, schizophrenic... you name it, she's said I have it. My biological father actually was bipolar. I don't know if he had anything else though. She says she sees traits of him in me. She makes him out to be a terrible person, talking him down all the time, and then compares him to me. She's straight out called me retarded on multiple occasions. I know it's PTSD, it's been confirmed by the doctors she went to all those times she tried diagnosing me with something. They've all said I don't have anything, but I still feel like there's something wrong with me, and I have for a long time. I don't know what it is. I think this is where most of my problems stem from.


 things started really impacting me about 2 or 3 years ago. That's when I started skipping school and isolating myself. It wasn't as severe then, but now it's bad. Really bad. I've been having suicidal thoughts more and more often. I've had them before, but never as often as this. It's almost like a routine now. I mope around all day, then cry myself to sleep at night. While I'm crying I think about what would happen if I did kill myself. I think the only thing holding me back from doing it is my sister. (She's technically my half sister but I consider her just my sister) I don't want to cause her any pain, she's only 11 and she's already been through so much

Rereading all of this, it sounds pathetic to me. So many people have bigger problems and I feel bad for feeling so shitty over such small things. But I can't bring myself to get over it or get help. I feel trapped and I don't know how to get out. The biggest thing I want to do is to stop skipping school







