Give me a solid reason not to.It's getting worse and worse. I'm wanting to go ahead and put a close to this pathetic 21 years of existence.  But I consider myself reasonable. I'm going to explain myself as best as I can. If you can give me one real reason to stay alive, I will. First, let's clear a few things up.

"What of your family?"- Hate them. Trust me, I will get to that/
"Friends" none.
"You have so much to live for". I don't. Really don't.


Ok. Now it's story time.

But what would you want to read? That I am in a real bad spot and need some encouragement. Or the truth? That I have been miserable my whole life and will be my whole life. I just have to decide how long I should suffer.


You all can pray for my lost soul, but I know you are wasting your time. Besides, you don't care about me and don't delude yourself into thinking you do. I'm just some asshole in the world you will never meet nor interact with. What impact does my misery, my suffering, my pain and self hatred have on you?


And that's ok. You shouldn't have to worry about something like me. The only reason I post these is to vent and because i'm a piece of shit.


Trust me, i'm not of any use to this world. I'm just someone so miserable that I rot everyone I talk to.


I'm slowly sinking to the point where death will greet me with eternal sleep and I will offer no fight. I don't know how I can last much longer. But I really don't care.


I've lost everyone. And don't say "surely there's someobody..". When I say nobody, I mean I can die right now and it would be days before anyone even noticed.


I know, if i'm so hell bent on staying miserable, why am I here? Kill time.Get a couple people that say they care and proceed to forget me in a hour, and just wait until my depression lurks back into my l
life.


Again, another person tried to talk to me, told me to calm down(Side note: Don't fucking say that to someone who is calm. Just because i'm depressed doesn't mean i'm panicking). I explained myself. "Well, ok. I tried. Sorry I can't help you".
To people like that. What the honest fuck are you thinking? Years of depression and abuse will go away with the simple words of "it'll be ok" and "calm down"? Why are you surprised when this depressed person acts depressed?


Your trivial words can't cure me. If they could, this sub reddit would be a ghost town.


I'm honestly thinking of death more and more. With nothing to catch me or help me. But that's not too bad. At least I won't wake up and face the failure of my life.


What about my family some ask. What about them? Please, trust me. That gives me reason to die. The main ones in my life torment me to no end, at least that way. I can return the favor.


In the end, I have myself and I hate everything about me. Nothing can stop what I am now. "Not with that attitude!". Well, ok. Let's run through every fucking time I try to belong and be happy and find someone who cares.


I meet them. We bond. They see how damaged I am. Some try to help me but see it won't do any good(most skip this step). Then they leave, And I wind up in more pain than before. No thanks.


And if you truly are concerned with my life and my struggles. Trust me, You're the only one who cares.