All I want to do is die and I'm terrified.Bit of background. About 7 years ago I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety. I was having trouble concentrating on school and homework and so we decided to see a psychiatrist. He diagnosed me. I chose not to go on meds or anything at that time, but did start counseling with a psychologist. A couple years later my first love died (while we were dating). The grief fucked me up big time. I'm still fucked up over this (though not as bad as at the time). (Honestly, this may actually be one of the few reasons I'm still holding on--I don't want to do that to anyone else.) 6 months later I decided to go on meds for the first time. I was on them for about a year until I decided I wanted nothing more to do with them and didn't want to spend the rest of my life taking medicine just to be halfway sane. A year later, after a particularly difficult semester at school, I decided to go back on them. It took about 3 months to finally adjust somewhat to my meds and at that point, I had already failed my culminating project in college. At some point I had added a second medication on top of the first since I was already at the max dosage for the first. Barely scraped by on my other two classes that semester. So I got a job where I was working 37 hours a week 4 nights per week to wait out the summer. Once school started back up I had one class. Thing is, at that point everything just started to overwhelm me. I ended up spending a week in the hospital for "suicidal ideation". I had a plan but no means to fulfill it. Turns out my secondary med may have been why I got so bad. So they switched it out for a different med. Well, I managed to graduate somehow and now it's a year and a half later.

So. Now. I am still looking for work, though really, I've given up there. I'm never going to amount to anything. I'm never going to be able to work in my field and I even if I could find work in my field, I'd not enjoy it. I'd be miserable.  I don't know what I want to do with my life. Well... that's a lie. I do know what I want to do. I want to be an artist. There's just one teensy tiny little problem. I can't make art any more. I used to be able to make art. I used to be pretty decent at making art. But now I look at the paper and can't think of what to draw. If by some miracle I CAN come up with something to draw, it looks like utter shit. So now I'm broke, living with my parents, can't get a job, won't do retail (I am SO done with retail and anything related to it) and have gone from being mostly independent from my parents to completely dependent again. About half a year ago I was diagnosed with a chronic physical illness that I have to take meds for (have I mentioned I hate taking meds?) and my secondary antidepressant may have caused it. So a few months ago I got off that one. I am supposed to be seeing a counselor, but I can't find any I click with. The last one I clicked with moved away and the one I have seen since then tried guilting me into doing homework and was completely inflexible and had all these bullshit expectations of me and was an all around bad fit. 

I am useless. I am a drain on my parents resources. I will never find a job I enjoy. My hobbies aren't interesting anymore. Nothing keeps my attention. I will be spending the rest of my life on some sort of med or another. The world would be better off without me and I would be better off non-existent. I yearn for nonexistence. I yearn for being free from being miserable and useless and hopeless. 

The part of me that is keeping me alive is adamant that I need to go to the hospital again. But... I have heard bad things about the mental health services at the local hospital. Also, I can't afford another hospital stay. And I am terrified that it won't help. What do they do if you're still suicidal after they have to let you go? Are they going to lock me up in something long term? I don't want that. But maybe that's what I need. BUT I DON'T WANT THAT. I wish I had the courage to just end it. And the means. I have a plan but still no means. The part of me keeping me alive has been working to make sure I have no means. I don't know what to do. I can't keep living like this. One way or another it has to end. 

tl;dr: I'm suicidal, I probably need to go the hospital (again) but that scares me cause I'm scared they'll lock me up for good, I just want this to end. 