Lost my only friend in the world, for the worst possible reason.TLDR at the end.

My relationship with my partner of over six years (which is a LOT for a 24-year-old), best friend in the world, and person with whom I planned on spending my the rest of my life, ended last night. I don't know what to do. My relationship was the only thing in my life I was proud of. Even in my darkest moments, it alone would convince me life was worth living.

We've been living apart for several months, which is always difficult, but we've done it before. He was upset that I wasn't calling enough or giving him enough support for his bipolar disorder and grad school stress. But I was making some great strides in improving my mental health, and was better able to contribute to the relationship.

Then he told me he had developed a small crush on, literally, "the guy he told you not to worry about" (we're gay, btw). Nothing had happened, but he wanted to be honest with me. 

Jealousy is one of my many vices, and I flew into a rage. I refused to talk to him for a few days, and when we finally did speak, I subjected him to a cruel tirade, saying, among other hurtful things, that I our relationship was over and that I never wanted to speak to him again. I keep on going over what I said, and his cries for me to stop, over and over and over. There were so many opportunities to stop and 

None of it was true, of course, but understood it to be. When we spoke last night, a couple of days after my outburst, he told me my ending it made him feel like a huge weight had been lifted off of his shoulders. He had a great couple of days, full of energy, making him realize how much of a drain I had been on him. He said he was not interested in continuing the relationship, and that he didn't even want to speak to me for at least a month, saying that even talking to me right then was going to mess up his sleep schedule and ruin his energy levels for the next day, which otherwise would have been fine. He hinted that he might be interested in trying to work it out after some time passed, but my thinking is so clouded I have no idea whether he was being serious or if he was just trying to give me some hope to keep me from doing anything "rash".

During our relationship, he was *always* there for me. He was like a super-hero, and was, except for medical professionals, almost my entire support system. But I made him crack. I was, quite literally, too much of a burden. As we had grown so close that I effectively became a member of his family, most of the other people I relied on were connected to him. I had no idea our relationship was so shaky. There's so much I would have done differently if I had. Even then, I still had so many chances to salvage it, right up until I burned down six years of the best thing that ever happened to me in one angry outburst.

We always used to talk about our future together. We overcame so much, always coming out stronger on the other side. I thought I had something. Now it's gone...

TLDR: I lost my partner after habitually failing to do my part in the relationship and support system and flying in a jealous rage about a non-issue which nonetheless played into some of my biggest insecurities. I then found out that I was too much of a burden for the most saint-like mental health partner anyone could ever ask for, and that he is quite literally better off without me - as a partner and a friend. If he's better off without me, I'm starting to think everyone would be.