Why i want to die.Before I talk about my experiences as a child, I would like to disclaim that i come from a very African and extremely religious background.  My parents are both Nigerian immigrants, so they didn't exactly have a Western upbringing. I am only 15(as of me writing this) and i have a very complex relationship with my parents. 

To cut the long story short, I am the black sheep of my family. I am  perceived as the troublemaker and i am first one to be accused of something when something goes wrong.(e.g, if something gets broken) My parents think i am bad influence on my younger brother and i  should follow in the example  of my older brother.(But i have to act like the oldest brother anyway because my brother is very emotionally immature and may been on the spectrum) And i am not going lie; i can be very rebellious. My parents find  me to be the most outspoken out of my brothers and i question lot of things; including religion.(I will get onto that later) 

The person i have the most issues within the family is my mother. My dad wasn't home that often due to his long business trips, so most of my early childhood was spent with only my mum and my 2 brothers. My mum had a huge temper and would get riled up over the most trivial things. She was also extremly determined for us to do well in school, so she was extremely hard on us. Without my father around to ease her temper, she fully embraced a "spare the rod, spare the child mentality". 
She was the hardest on me especially, since i was somewhat mischievous when i was younger but some of the punishments she gave me still tramuatize me till this day.

Imagine being beaten for having bad handwriting instead being helped.
Imagine being teased and called names by your mother when you wet the bed.("The Pee Master")
 Imagine  being told to stay and die while choking on a Dorito chip by your own mother at 9 years old.
Imagine being 7 or 8 years old and grabbed , pulled upside down and put my head near the toliet hole just for not understanding a maths homework and yelled at.(" Do it properly! Do It Properly!)
Imagine being chased out of your piano lesson because you lied about losing your music theory book, manipulated to come back to her (because i was smaller and faster than her, i was only 9); then dragged back into the building and thrown onto the stairs. Punched in the face twice, giving you a small bruise under the eye and bitten on the leg to stop you from escaping. The other students heard my screams.
Imagine being forced by your father to say I'm a Christian (even though im athiest) because im afraid that this 55 year old man is going to hit my 13 year old face; your mum then forcing you to read Bible verses.
Imagine barely escaping being stabbed and robbed by gang affiliates and your own mother instead of comforting you; said it was your fault , didn't care you got killed and said you were a bad influence on your younger brother. And then later on, "apologising" by saying, "I have to be hard on you".
Thanks a lot mum, you gave the best gifts a child could ever  have; mental scars and anger issues.

And that's only the half of it. I am also severely bullied at school but that's a different story. 

Now i am not ignoring the fact that my mother is human too and she has issues of her own. Her own mother died when she was 9 and her dad had 5 wives.(It was 60s/70s Nigeria, it was a different time) She often said that she had to grow up fast and look after her other siblings. Her younger brother(my uncle) got pancreatic cancer and slowly died in our house. 
But im not going to deny the fact that she especially, hurt me deeply. Sometimes at the back of my mind, i ponder at the idea that it was my fault why she treated me that way. Maybe i pestered her on the wrong day, or i behaved too badly and needed that discipline.

Was it abuse?