Nobody likes me, I abhor myself, and I'm a complete failureGod, I just hate myself so damn much, I'm just such a complete waste of life. I'm lazy, im cynical, I'm useless, I'm worthless, I'm ugly, I'm stupid, I'm pathetic, and I'm just a laughable excuse for a human being. You'd think that even if you hated yourself, there would be people out there who still liked you, but that hasn't been the case for the most part. I have ONE person who cares about me, and while I love them and appreciate them, I don't want to constantly bombard them with all my negativity and depression. I have no one to turn to. Nobody at school gives a single fuck about me, so I'm completely on my own. I just don't know why I can't have what everyone else has. Like, I look around and I see all these people laughing and talking to each other, just having an all around great time, but nobody ever even looks at me. Even when I initiate and listen to other people and support others, nobody could give a single fuck about me, nobody even asks me how I'm doing. Like, what do these other people have that I don't? I can make jokes, I can talk, I can listen, yet nobody ever goes out of their way to talk to me. If I'm not the one doing everything, then I'm basically a fucking ghost to everyone. I HATE that I'm so worthless, forgetable, and disposable to everyone around me. Its one thing to think that about yourself, but its even worse when your suspicians are basically confirmed. God, I hate it when people say "if you like yourself, so will others," its complete crap. I know this because even when I DO like myself and I'm at peace, people still don't give a single fuck about me. Am I just an asshole? Like is it one of those cases where if everyone is being shitty, you're the shitty one? I don't understand, why do I have to put in so much effort for people to even remember I fucking exist when all these other people have everyone flocking around them, with tons of friends, and probably a girlfriend/boyfriend too. I mean, am I really such a boring asshole that nobody even bothers to aknowledge my existance, assuming they even remember I exist? I always try to make other people happy if I can, but nobody does the same for me, and its exhausting. I just want to feel WANTED by the people around me, why is that so difficult? I'm sorry I'm asking so many questions but Im so damn confused. 