I cant go on like thisI am writing this because I am so very tired of living like this. This is a throwaway account for reasons that will become obvious later.

I have been a meber of reddit for about 6 months now, even tho I shouldnt be. You see i am a 40 year old man who has nothing and is no one. I used to have a decent life. Wife, new son, house, car, money family and friends..then over the course of a year it all got destroyed. 
You see I was working a very stressful job..in order to keep up..I started (and became addicted) to cocaine. My son was born..I started doing more. I was also addicted to sex (my wife and I were swingers) and soon not even my family could keep me home. It all crashed when I lost my job (laid off) I started doing the only thing that made me happy at the time..coke and getting laid. Soon i was on the internet talking to an underage girl and soon after was arressted for it. 
 While in prison, my wife divorces me and tells me i will never be part of my sons life again, my mother dies and virtually the rest of my freinds and family seem to have turned their back on me. Because i comminted my crime in another state, I was left in a town where i litterally did not know anyone, not even the streets..all alone and scared. 
I am now 40, a convicted and registered sex offender, broke, living in a shitty rooming house with crack heads and drunks. I am looking for work, but no one wants to hire someone like me. I find it incredibly difficult to get into a relationship because once again, who would want to be with a guy like me.
I find it hard to keep going. I am constantly reminded that I havent seen my son in 4 years, he may not even know i existed. None of the people I knew for the past 38 years have bothered to contact me or even want to. I have tried to reach out to a few but to no avail. I am always hungry, lonely, broke and sad. I try to put on a brave face..but I dont know how much longer I can do it. 
There are times where I feel that death would be such a welcome release and so much more preferable to the hell I live in.