Reasons to keep aliveI have been thinking to end everything these days, somehow I see it as the easiest solution. People might call it as a cowardy action, and it probably is, but I just could not find a better way out.

Will I miss anything If I decided to go away?

I feel lost, and I do not know where I belong. I was looking for a place that I can call a home, but I do not know if that ever exist.

I am gay, and from the country I came from, as other majority of other part of the world, we are being prosecuted from our own country. The place that I thought I know the most, the place that I thought as my safe space was the place that I am scared the most.

Growing up as a gay was not an easy step in life. I have been fighting with self-hatred, and up to this point, I still have that feeling, which that led to me several suicide attempts.

In my late teens, my family found out my sexuality which led me to have conversion therapy, threathed and being outcasted by my own family. In the same time, I was sexually assaulted, and at that moment, I feel trapped because I know I couldnt ask protection from anyone. Telling the authority means you put yourself in Jail. I feel lost and I feel alone. Despite the fact that I have hundreds of friends, I still feeling empty and hollow.

In the recent years, I have moved to northern europe for study and escape from prosecution due to increasing crackdown and arrest. Long story short, I earned my master degree from my study and currently applying asylum here. Being here, even now I live in a safer environment, I still being haunted with my past, and I feel lost.

People told me that I have come a long way, but I am exhausted. I have been running and hiding all of my life, and now I just want to end everything. I am currently surviving with anti depression and other medication just to keep me survive, as my therapist couldnt give me therapy for my ptsd until my legal status is clear.

I do not even know if my asylum will ever be granted. LGBT asylum cases has a lower chance of acceptance as most of country using argument "it is safe enough if we are discreet" or "some corporal punishment are deemed acceptable enough". In the same time, despite all of friends that I have here, I feel empty and know that I will never be a "real" citizen here. I will always be the "foreigner".

I do not know what I want really. Now the thought of having refugee status doesnt excite me anymore. I just want to rest from my own thought. I just want to finally let my self fall. My mind is a battlefield.

"We are all haunted by the life not lived, by the belief that we have missed out on something different and better." Thats what the quote said. Most of the time my thought keep telling me everything is just too late. Even if i will have a chance to legally stay here, I will not have the life that I always wanted. To spend my childhood and teenage life normally, those wasted youth. To have my family and spend time with them. To be "the average joe".

I do not even know why I tell these thing to all of you. I do not even know what I am expecting from your response.

Will I miss something if I decided to end everything now?

I just felt like my own country and my family wanted us to die and in the same time I am just a number in the immigration statistic. I do not know if this whole journey is worth fighting for, and I am tired.