Out of optionsVery long story short, I've been dealing with depression, anxiety, BPD, ADD, and suicidal ideation for 13 years. I was going okay till March when I had a big mental breakdown. I got a medical certificate so I didn't have to attend welfare appointments for 3 months and went REALLY downhill, stopped showering, taking medication, going to doctor's appointments. I was very certain I was going to kill myself, but I'm pretty scared of dying.     
    
But obviously I didn't die, and I've been trying to get back into life. But I'm finding it IMPOSSIBLE. My medication isn't doing anything, I can't see my psychologist enough for it to make any real difference, it takes me days just to mentally prepare myself for any appointments. All I want to do is sit at home. All I want to do is die. It's all I think about, but I'm still terrified. I can't get back into life. My welfare providers are being so nice and trying to slowly ease me back into work but I just don't think I can do it anymore. I have major problems getting to 1 appointment a week, how am I supposed to work? I asked them today about applying for disability, and they said it'd be like when I had the medical certificate for 3 months, and they're right.    
    
Can't work, can't NOT work. I get no pleasure out of anything anymore (except for food, even then I'm hoping all the sugar and fat gives me a heart attack). All I do is sit and home and play games and watch movies to get myself out of my head and stop thinking about suicide for a while. I used to read all the time, it used to be my passion, but depression's taken that away from me, and I always said that if I stop finding pleasure in reading then that's the end for me.    
I have no friends, no family who cares (my grandma can't see past her own problems and my brother's autistic). I know people say that and genuinely can't see that people care, but I've lost everyone over the years. People I talk to online don't even know my real name.     
All I can think about is dying, and I'm so scared. Ever since I was young, though, I never saw a future for myself and I knew it was leading up to this. I've just been quietly (ish) waiting for the courage to go through with it.    
I feel such a burning hatred for myself and my life this is the only thing left. Fuck I have TRIED. It's over.