I'm starting to hate myself... everyone thinks i'm happy too... and I am... I thinkI'm not sure why but I appreciate life so much it's just that I hate myself for so many reasons.  I hate feeling so bad about so many things.  The only family I have is my mom and she is beyond help and probably the most miserable person I have ever known.  It pains me to see her in that pain day in and day out, the only way I have ever seen her.  And I know if it weren't for me being born she would have had a good life.  I don't say that to sound dramatic, it is simply the truth.  She didn't mean to get pregnant, and it largely ruined her life and I think she had a bright future.  She has so many problems.  


When I try to get close to her it only enables her and when I am far away I feel like an ass because I am the only one in her life.  She has no friends and my sister cut her out of her life long back.   My mom has Munchhausen by proxy and she took it worst on my sister who went through multiple surgeries as a reusult


There are my friends... well...I thought they were my friends.  Turns out my best friend apparently hates me and I just was an idiot not knowing because I assume the bseta bout people... well, we were supposed to travel to India together so I could meet her family there and attend a marriage, I went ahead of time because I wasn't sure about her available dates and the tickets were getting expensive.  She said "I'll call you when I leave". then she just never told me when she got there.  I spent the whole summer alone, largely lonely and miserable, ended up so sick and in hospital still she never even called me once.  We had planned that trip for 2 years.  I feel like such an idiot.  I was so alone in India.  I've never felt that alone, especially when I was in the hospital.  It makes me wonder what is wrong with me as a friend that someone would do that.  How stupid must I be to not realize someones true feelings about me.  I felt so ashamed of myself


My boyfriend who... well... I don't think he loves me anymore.  He has hit me... once... why did I stay... well... it's his culture and what they do there... and it's just not a big deal to people here.  He has called me every name in the book and every time I come graveling back because i'm so afraid to loose him.  I'm so afraid to loose people that treat me like shit because... I don't know why... what is wrong with me.


I don't know why I wrote this post.  I'm really not sad or bitter or anything.  Even about my friend, I know its just life and aside from feeling like a fool, I don't care anymore.  It's just I don't know why but sometimes I think about these sort of things and I start to hate myself to the point that I think about dying and how much I want to be gone but I don't think anything comes after if I die so I don't do it. 


I hate myself for loving people who I think don't really love me back.  And not knowing if that is just fear/paranoia in my head or if it's true.


That's where I am tonight.  I don't knwo what's wrong with me.


But despite what i've written here I'm extremily chipper and very positive.  I do love living.  I don't understannd myself.  I have such a bright future starting my PhD program.  I don't understand how to live in this academic world.  I grew up in a really really shattered and fucked up home, I left home at 14 because i simply could not live in that envirnoment anymore and living on the streets was better.  I am so damn lucky I won a scholarship and got to go to college and now all the way to doing a PhD which I love.  I am so appreciative and these suicidal thoughts only come rarely.  


sorry for this crazy long and rambling post.  I really need a frieend right now