I talked my Dad out of doing it tonight.I just had a very emotional conversation with my Dad. My Father is going through a rough financial situation. He came up to me while sitting in my room and said "I have something to tell you and you're not going to like it. I'm going to kill myself." It caught me really off-guard as being my Father is generally a happy guy. With that it does not mean he has had an easy life. He is 62 now and raised in an orphanage most of his childhood. He has seen both of his best friends die. His reasoning was that he could no longer provide for his kids and that his job was done. I immediately called my Mother(My parents are divorced) and we both started to talk to him and try to calm him down. I texted my best friend who is also a family friend to come over for support. My Dad just keeps saying that no one has ever cared for him and that when he dies he will give us kids the money to help our future. Which isn't the case. 
My friend shows up and starts telling him that this is a huge mistake and he is taking the easy out of life. My Dad is a very prideful man and never asked for any help nor in his mind ever needed it. I told him that leaving us is not the manly thing to do.
He thinks he has thought all of his kids everything they needed to know and that he was done. In reality he still has a whole lot of work to be done if he likes it or not. After talking to him for a while he started to get stubborn and said we didn't know what he is going through and that everyone will get over it. My best friend's Dad killed himself and told my Dad that it is a burden that he will carry with for the rest of life. Then my sister calls him and trys to talk with him, then he starts get angry with us because we are trying to tell him what to do with his life and that he dose not need help. My sister calls the local authorities to make sure he dose not try anything. My brother then calls him and had a very heartfelt talk. After a while he realizes how much is family does love and care for him. I told him his job wasn't done and i need you to be there for me and the rest of the family. I told him "What would Terry and Hank say?"(His best friends that passed away) "They would say to stay here with your family because they need you here." He then apologized to me and promised me that he wouldn't do it and stay here for me. But I am still concerned for his well being. Starting tomorrow i am going to put him into counseling and try to help out with his financial problems the best i can. But i am now scared with this image in my mind but i am glad that i was there for him. 