I'm want to die. She doesn't care.Hi all,

Me and my SO have been dating for 5 years and like all couples we have our ups and downs. And every argument I always want to just kill myself. She has a bit of a temper and she always let's it win. And with our current situation (I was recently laid off) money is tight and she shoulders alot of our financial needs. But I help out when I can. Though I do tend to splurge. 

 So today was pretty fun day, 0 major fights/arguments this past couple of weeks. So today we go to a candy store as she wants a drink and I to treat myself since I nailed a recent job interview and decide to get myself a sundae. And I pay for it as a little thank you to her. We finish our meal and head home. Then she sudenly gets all mad and saying I shouldn't have paid, where'd I get money, and it devolves into shouting match. Then we get home she decides to rag on how I dont clean the house good enough and how i never fold the laundry. Mind you I just redid our closet and folded our clothes and JUST did a load of laundry and dumped it on the bed before picking her up from work. I was gonna fold it. Then she goes off on me on how she shoulders everything. And how I'm incompetent and have no ambition and no job. And this sets me off, I am just so tired of this and feel trapped and tried to hang myself in the bathroom. And she shows no empathy no worry and just says " don't do it in the house" and that just made me feel worse. So now I sit here in my car, contemplating wether or not to drive off the cliff, or hang myself in the nearby woods. I tried calling the suicide hotline but that didn't help. 

I've tried to leave, but cant. We're stuck in 1 year lease with 4 other people and I also feel bad that I'll leave here with all this debt. I just feel so trapped. I feel like death will solve all this. I feel like such a burden to her and to everyone around me. I feel so ashamed. I'm 25 years old, and have accomplished nothing in my life. I have no friends, my family doesn't support me, and the one person I depend on does not appreciate me at all and doesn't care if I killed myself. I am just a burden to everyone around me. I felt like I sacrificed so much for her.  And I give so much. It may not be money or anything tangible but I've atleast tried to make sure she has a ride from school and work. I cook her.meals and make her lunch. I do my best to clean so she doesn't come home to messy house. I iron her work clothes and keep her warm at night.  I've always made considerations and concessions for her benefit but it's never enough. I just want it to end. I just try so hard and cry so much and it's all for nothing. I want it to end.