Should I *not* tell my mental health professional about these thoughts?I've been thinking about going to see a therapist/psychologist/psychiatrist, not sure which.

My family has said I should, my primary doctor has said I should, but I never have.

For a whole lot of different reasons, that are continually getting harder to brush aside, I'm now seriously considering seeing someone.  I don't know if it will do any good for me, but it's worth a shot.  I've always assumed my issues were mostly chemical, since I'm not really upset over any actual *thing* in particular despite being sad/upset/angry all the time.  So I'm not sure what I'd talk about.

One of the many issues going on is indeed a lot of suicidal thoughts.  

That's one of the things I've been wanting to solve in this endeavor.

But a close friend of mine, who works in the medical field (not mental) and regularly attends therapy and has apparently had suicidal thoughts themselves, told me **not** to mention to the therapist that I have had serious thoughts about suicide.  Only to work on the general causes of my depression instead, and that should in turn take care of these symptoms.

He said it's because telling them you have serious thoughts about suicide is treated the same as telling them you are thinking about killing someone else.  They'll report you or have you confined to the hospital or something like that.  It could also affect life insurance and stuff?  Like if I accidentally slip off the road and slam into a tree or something, my family would get nothing because the psychiatrist would have noted I was suicidal and therefore it may be assumed that I did it on purpose?

I don't know.

Several members of my family have started seeing therapists over the past few years, but I don't feel like I'm in the same boat they are in terms of mental issues.  Just different sorts of things going on.

So I'm not really sure where to begin in terms of seeking professional help or if it is even worth it for me.  If it would make a difference.  I also don't know what to do about the issue of suicidal thoughts and if I should tell the therapist about them.

Thanks.