Time to end my little pity party.Hey, all. I've had a few weeks that have been really kicking my ass. 

Long story short, I'm a single mom of three who's husband lost his life to suicide due to PTSD just over a year ago. I'm 29, we'd been together since I was 15 and he was, without a doubt, my truest friend, my greatest love, and the world's best dad. I know I told him that every day which is something I'm thankful for daily now. 

When my husband first got really sick, I started eating adderall by the handful to try to keep up. One day, I decided to try meth. I never let my completely fall victim to the devil that is methamphetamine, but I did more damage than I'd ever like to admit. I'm sober now, working my program, parenting my babies and being present again. But that isn't to say I didn't royally f*** my life up, and during my addiction, my drivers license was suspended. I still have three kids schedules to keep up with, two full time jobs and my treatment program.  I don't have any family or public transport where I live so (although I know its wrong), I drive my personal truck to all of these things daily. I try to counteract this by keeping the best of the best insurance on my truck and follow the rules of the road to a t. 

I was pulled over for a brake light being out last month, it was discovered that I didn't have a license, and my truck was towed (by the grace of god, this was the only punishment of the ordeal). But I couldn't afford the tow bill even just for one day, let alone the 4 days my truck sat in impound.  I have no family, the VA didn't give a flying f*** when I lost my husband, nor were we offered any help, and I'm still rebuilding my life after damn near losing it to the loss of my husband and subsequent addiction. I had no one to help me pay the $440 impound bill, except someone I had met in NA a few months prior, and the only person I considered my real friend. 

Long story short, friend agreed to help pay the bill as long as the title was signed over (to be returned upon my repaying the $440) and the truck was kept in their possession during the repayment period. No problem. 

Except.. that's not what happened. "Friend" saw this as an easy way to obtain ownership of a $9500 truck (that is what was offered to me in cash at a dealership one day. I was desperate and weighing my options, but decided against parting with it. The truck belonged to my husband, it was his truck since age 17, we shared our first kiss in it, and he loved it as much as he loved our kids. Every once in awhile I could smell his cologne in there and so I, in turn, loved the truck as much as one could possibly love anything material in life) and decided to keep the truck. 

I was stunned. I should've known better but I just never thought it would happen like that, and after offering "friend" $400, $800 and finally $1200 (I sold my wedding ring.. I can't quite swallow that yet), he still refused to return the truck. So I panicked, took my spare keys and stole it. 

I just spent almost 3 weeks in jail for my decision. I missed Thanksgiving with my kids, I lost my job and if convicted of this felony, I will spend a year in prison (I have a stay of adjudication for a prior felony charge, an assault charge I earned when I was begging the VA to save my husband's life). 

But you know what? I am okay. I really am. I sit back and I know I've survived worse and I could face worse in the future but I'm not high. I can feel God here with me. My babies are perfect and healthy and I'm struggling with everything (finances being the one that feels like it might drown me) but for some reason, I have peace. I am praying for that same peace for all of you tonight. I'm sorry for whatever you are struggling with now and am cheering you on towards a better future. My husband would have just looked at me and laughed right now and said "well...fuck". And that's where I am now, too. Well, fuck. 2020 was rough but god damn I tried. I know I did and I know I did right by my babies and that is all that counts. I'm sober, I'm alive, I was blessed with 11 years of the best human being to ever walk this earth aside from Jesus Christ. I miss you, baby. Sure could use you right now but God needed you more so that's that. Merry Chrismas, guys. I hope you don't feel so damn alone.