Contradiction of life and livingWho are my parents to tell me that I'm responsible for my life when they chose to have me? Why is it that I'm selfish that I end my own life that I didn't ask for? These questions have troubled me for years. I'm extremely lazy and zero motivation or dreams. I've exercised, summer-jobs and studied and finished high school (minimum requirements for graduating) Yet still, I don't have any driving force other than having semi-comfort existence. 

Idea of living for myself has never been a thing for me. Everything I've ever done has been only for my parents and them leaving me to be. Now I'm 20 years old and high school is behind me and the realization has finally start to creep in. I can't live in this limbo of comfort and depression.

Never been keen on living, always seemed pointless and painful. It would be different a thing if I had the spirit of a normal human who fights through his struggles and overcomes challenges. I always run away to comfort and tp area of mental "nothingness". 

Suicidal thoughts have always lingered in my mind since I was 11. Getting constantly bullied and scolded by my parents to get better grades overwhelmed me and this lockdown state of mind has been on me since then. I'm aware of it but I can't do anything about it. Studying is near impossible. I gave my everything in high school and barely made it through. I feel now like I need long fucking holiday of 20 years.

Do I have a habit of blaming others of my problems? Obviosly. But being ugly, bullied and having zero fighting spirit it hard not to blame everything around me. Afterall, not everyone in this life deserves to live. You hear it all the time "survival of the fittest" but if weak people accept this and want to die they are "selfish" and "immoral". These kinda contradictions seem funny to me. Can anyone truly be selfish? 

I guess I just need to justify my laziness with a long reddit post. I am going to kill myself for the sake of everyone around me. I don't know when, but I am going to do it this year. I am something to be taken care of, not someone who will carry his own load or help others. Hope my parents will overcome my death, since their hatred of lazy and weak people are so strong. I wish the best for all the people around me and how have tolerated my miserable existence. Thank you.