I wish suicide isn't this agonizing.So I've been in a cycle of wanting to die, thinking/planning of when and where to do it, then be too tired or too scared to pull through for about 5 years now.

I've already decided on a method - drowning by sticking my head in a bucket/drum of water (ps. I don't live near an easily accessible body of water). Thought it would be a sure fire way to die given a couple of hours without being discovered and it would be fairly easy to clean up. Prepared and tried this 2 times already but the agony of it always gets to me. Both times, I held my breath. Both times, I was aware that inhaling water from the beginning would expedite the process.  Both times, I thought about my sister and how she'd be devastated. Both times, I'd just break down in the bathroom.

I decided to stop the attempts and hold on to the idea of living for someone. I wanted to live for my sister. Every time the thought of suicide visited my mind, I wouldn't let it linger for long as it did because now I'm fixating on the thought that a loved one would be devastated. I came from a family of abuse. A family of lies. She was the only person I considered as my real family and thought that maybe I'd stick around for as long as she needed me.

Fast forward to now, I'm in a not so good place in my life. I'm having suicidal thoughts again. Only this time, I'm not so sure about living for someone anymore. My sister has gained close friends that can act as her support system. She's grown distant. She's been lying to me just like everyone else in our family and I thought our relationship was better than that.

Recently, I discovered shallow water black out. I thought this would take care of the "agony" part of drowning as you'd almost instantly pass out from hyperventilation. I tried a few minutes ago and I still couldn't bring myself to pull through. I don't know what to do anymore. I've been wanting to die for so long. I've been tired, angry, and in pain for so long but I'm too much of a wuss to do it. Part of me thinks that the whole "living for someone" stint was just me masking my cowardice. I just don't know anymore. I don't want to live but I can't kill myself so what do I do next?