Just came back home from a 3 day stay and reminded why I wanted to off myself.On Sunday night, I wound up calming down and calling emergency responders after calling a suicide hotline while ready and dressed to hurt and potentially (though it wasn't quite the goal, it was more if it happens it happens) off myself.

Honestly I feel bad about the whole thing, because the police were surprisingly very nice (apparently since a knife was involved they had to come) and overall I bothered 6 emergency responders (2 police, 4... emts?). Though in hindsight I definitely needed some kind of intervention and also was literally starving.

I've returned back home, apparently a transfer of the 25$ in my savings account at least finally come to my bank account. But I've returned home to an empty, soulless void of a life.

Honestly perhaps I would have been happier in the immediate moment if I were still in the psych ward. At least the older ladies there were really nice and I was drawing stuff. And I had purpose (in advocating for myself with the intent of leaving). Here I'm just back to the same old empty room and distractions and reminded of exactly why I was apathetic enough to let myself essentially slowly die off before actually trying to harm myself in a more blatant way.

My mom was worried for me, I guess that's something. I'll have an appointment with my counselor on Friday and I have another appointment for other stuff tomorrow, otherwise perhaps I'll exercise or play MHW as the new expansion is coming out on PC. It just feels meaningless and while I could reach out to people and I socialize actually pretty well when on the spot, at the end of the day I'm feeling detached from the rest of humanity by circumstance or coincidence and that in itself weighs really heavily on me.

I don't think I could simply just go back again to the psych ward and ask to be readmitted, and quite frankly I need and ought to be moving on with my life and working to improve things in general. But there's a part of me that wishes I were there anyways, not that I'd return when I'd much rather have the options to wear what I want, eat what I want, shower when I want and use my phone/electronics.