Should suicide be an option?This may not be the appropriate subreddit for this, but I don't really know where else to ask. If you have a better option, let me know in the comments.

The topic of suicide is almost universally regarded as the wrong decision. However when a person who is contemplating suicide asks for a reason why they shouldn't, the common answer is that life is something special that shouldn't be easily abandoned. The wording often changes but the sentiment is typically the same. This response is rarely satisfactory for the suicidal person because their perception and valuing of their own life has obviously changed enough that ending it has, in their mind, become a valid option.

I question the belief that life is always worth living. Based on personal observations of myself (I am not a psychologist by any means) I propose that human life does not intrinsically have value, rather it is the desires and constructive motivations driving people that we hold in such high esteem. After all, what is life? We have our basic instincts, eating, breathing, reproducing, but even insects do that and we don't regard them in the same manner we do humans. A person who is a vegetable or in a coma is still capable of these things, yet when it becomes apparent that their condition is permanent it is within the rights of the family to allow them to naturally die. What do we do when a person is depressed enough that they not only have lost the will to thrive, but also lost all motivation entirely? If a person has lost all drive to exist, no desire to accomplish goals, no desire to get better, is it fair to force them to continue living a life they possibly view as torment? If a person hates their own existence, lacks the will to change it, but instead wants to end it, why shouldn't they be allowed to do so? This is of course assuming they feel this way for a long time with no foreseeable change in the future, not just a temporary mood swing.

Speaking for myself, I know I basically feel like a vegetable: worthless and lacking any desire to change what I've become. But unlike a vegetable I have keep feeling my self loathing and the pain of my existence on a daily basis. For a few years now I've wanted to kill myself and the only thing stopping me is how it could affect some friends and family. That's not a reason to live, it's a trap, a tiny box I've been put in to slowly rot while I painfully wait to drift apart from my friends or for my parents to die or something like that. Since my depression constantly gets worse, a small part of me even wonders if 10 or 20 years from now I'll get insane enough to believe that the only way to commit suicide is if I kill my family first.

Wouldn't it be better for everyone if society just let people like me move on, and accept that not everyone can be functional members of society?