I feel like I had enough...I'm not going to write about my life here.  I decided to use this as an outlet to get some relief from this intensive depression that just don't stop.  I have a good doctor that I see twice a week and this has been my life since coming out of the hospital's psych unit.  If I knew that this is where I would end up, I might have put more thought into how to make it all stop.  I still want to die.  I've been in treatment long enough to understand the level of hurt that I would cause.  But this hasn't decreased the depression.  I don't fear the time it would take to die.  I know even with a solid plan, it can fail.  Waking up after I thought was my last day I would suffer was beyond the feeling of wanting to die.  Since I was placed on a 5150, I was place on a list of people who can't buy a firearm.  I know that I have to have a better plan so I don't end up in a psych unit again.  It's more sad that I have to show that I want to live, even though I have no desire to live.  Every time I walk into my doctor's office (which is twice a week), I have to lie.  I feel horrible to lie to my psychiatrist.  I remember the feeling of being told to admit myself into the hospital.  My doctor had trusted me enough to let me drive myself.  She told me that the alternative is having the police take me there.  I did not want to walk into the hospital, but my doctor was not going to let me walk out of her office without a promise that I will go.  She was close to calling the police.  I know she don't play games.  It was a long drive to the hospital.  When I got to the hospital, I parked and sat there.  I don't know how long I was there, but I got a call from my doctor asking me where I was it because the hospital didn't see me yet.  I knew I had little choice.  All these thoughts makes me more suicidal.  I feel like I'm being forced to live.  Why?  When someone is in so much pain (physical and emotional), I feel it's a compassionate thing to do.  Let me go.  This has to stop soon!