Everyday is Misery- Chronic PainIdk where else or who else to turn to. My life was turned upside down a few months ago when I was diagnosed with Genital Dysesthesia. Its extremely uncomfortable and debilitating.  I live in constant irritation,  burning, and pain in my gentials. I wont go into more detail but its hell. I feel no meaning to life anymore. Prior to this I was in my prime 29 years old, financially in an amazing position great job and now none of that means anything.  I will most likely lose my job in weeks because I cannot get anything done or focus and missing deadlines because I can not function.  I'm extremely depressed and have had high anxiety and panic attacks daily. I've been to so many doctors and specialists all who are worthless and offer no help or relief. Some are down right dismissive and tell me nothing's wrong. Yeah my dick just burns and irritates all day for no reason right.... Psychiatrist I went to was a robot and has no business in medical practice. I went to another one who talked about his issues. The level of healthcare in the US is despicable.  I'm at a loss, I live in an area with the best doctors in the country and cannot find proper care or relief. I'm so frustrated, aggravated, and stressed I just cannot picture myself living the rest of my life like this. I get no relief and the pain is constant causing me to go into a deep state of depression. My girlfriend of over 10 years is very supportive but I'm making her life hell too. It's not fair to her that I cannot manage this. I am bringing everyone down around me. I just feel no purpose of living anymore. I cannot do anything and just leaving the house to get groceries is miserable. Sitting down, standing, laying down the burning, irritation and discomfort is always there. On top of this I have urinary incontinence and issues with that. It makes it much worse and harder to handle. I dont know where else to turn I cannot even find anyone suffering from this to talk to. If you google search scrotodynia or genital dysesthesia there are maybe 4-5 relative results. I'd rather have pain anywhere but this area. I'm too young to live the rest of my life this way. I am finding it extremely difficult to cope and accept this. I cannot come to terms that this is the rest of my life. If anyone has anything positive to share with me its greatly appreciated but I truly feel ending my life is going to be the answer.