I’m lostSoo... a few months ago, my dad died from sorosis of the liver. It was kind of sudden, a pretty damn rough ordeal..

At the time, I (23 m) was with this guy (19 ftm) who was living with me. We celebrated our one year about a month or so later. 

After he died, I got incredibly depressed. I started drinking and smoking pot regularly, I was having emotionally charged out bursts and lashing out at everyone and everything. 

He ended up leaving me. I don’t blame him for it, I was a ROUGH person to be around, I realize that. 

But when he left, he said if I sought help, we’d talk about still getting back together. Sooo I admitted myself to a hospital under Suicide watch. There, I was put on new antidepressants that are helping. I made a dedication to see through my recovery.. while I thought he’d be a part of it.

I was there over the weekend. The day I got out, Monday, I learned he packed up his stuff while I was inside and told me the SECOND I got home that I should move on. I know I’m supposed to go into my recovery for me, for my health, but the thing is.. I don’t really care about myself. I’ve been passively suicidal for years. I mean, I get why he left, it was for his own health... it just fucking sucks that I had to be kicked while I was down for him to look out for himself. 

It’s been a few weeks since then. I’m fighting the urge to just get drunk constantly again. For work I’ve been delivering for Uber eats and post mates, which has been awesome cause if I’m feeling too bad to go into work I don’t really have to. But, My mom is really pushing me to get another job, which is one of my MAJOR stress factors. I just don’t feel like I have the mental health right now to maintain a job. I’ve had breakdowns at work with better mental health before. I mean the thought working at this place is literally making me want to off myself instead. 

I’m stressed. I so feel abandoned. My house felt so alive 6 months ago, and now it’s never felt so dead. I feel so cornered and trapped. I can feel myself starting to slip again. 

Help?