Final CountdownTired of playing "fake it til you make it". I'm not making it.

A year ago, while married (unhappily and considering divorce) I met the most amazing person in the end stages of divorce.  We dated, we traveled together, we fell in love.  During a brief period of separation while we attended to "real life" issues she met someone else who was "ready"(single already) and figured I wouldn't be for awhile.  She took up with him. I remain devastated.

I meet someone I click with about every ten years.  I'm a hard personality to match.  I have a lot of acquaintances, but probably half a dozen real friends in the world and they're nowhere nearby.  When I do bond with someone, I bond hard.  I never bonded with my wife BTW.  I "settled" because no female I've ever bonded with reciprocates in the same way (although I thought the last one did), I gave up looking for awhile, and she got pregnant.  She was a rebound relationship. 

I'm in my late 40s and meeting people who are even available is hard.  Meeting people at my mental age (which is younger - I relate best to people in their mid to late-30s) is nearly impossible without seeming like a creepy old lech (actual reply I got to a "hello" message on a dating site from a woman only 5 years younger "creepy old man is creepy" - nice).

After nearly a year of looking, working on myself, working on my career, working on new and old hobbies, getting out there in groups, I've made zero connections.  I enjoy people when I meet them but they seem overly cautious about connecting personally.  I don't come on too strong, I just don't find people to be genuinely open. 

I haven't even *seen* another potential mate, much less met one.  Single women, yeah, but nobody like the one who got away.

So I've given up.  If this is all life has, I've had enough.  I'm very successful in business, personal achievement, I have many many skills and talents (maybe too many), and I just don't really care about any of it.

Don't bother referring me to suicide hotlines.  I won't call.  I've called them before, they don't help.  I've been on anti-depressants before years ago - they don't work.  I have a very strange physiology and very few pharmaceuticals work on me in the "conventional" sense.  Uppers make me tired, downers wake me up, SRI's make me want to kill other people.  I've had mounting health issues in the last few years and have no insurance (coverage denied) anyhow.

I just think I've lived long enough and the brass ring of happiness with my ultimate partner seems out of reach.  So I'm planning to concede the game after the holidays.  My decision seems rational  to me and I'm making plans to sort out my estate. Precise method remains unchosen but I have in mind a deadline of around mid February - valentines day seem appropriate.  Meanwhile I keep up the brave face.  Nobody will have a clue.

Sorry for the long post.