whywere all going to die, its something we cant escape. why postpone it. why even care about what you do when you wont remember or even be capable of remembering after all is said and done. lifes just been shit to me. ive been failing school for as long as I can remember, and it got so bad I retook 2nd grade. 2nd. grade. nothing has gotten better. at one point, my high school gpa was 0.8/4(5, special circumstances). im not going to be any use to society and it shows. I already have committed tax evasion, multiple accounts of federal crimes, and assault and im only 18. once the police find out of what ive done im going to jail for my life. that's not a life worth living for or worth the time to run from. 

its funny, from a very young age, doctors have actually said im just going to end up growing up to be a criminal or in jail. my mom says im like my dad (hes abusive, a hardcore drug addict, you name it) and frankly im starting to believe her. were just going to end up living on the streets anyways being shes over 20k in credit card debt just to feed us. if I die, that's just 1 less mouth to feed. 1 less person to fight with about going to school (yes, im still in highschool). and no, I don't get bullied or anything at school. that has nothing to do with it. still, everything is stacked against me. im probably just going to end up killing somebody or something anyways because im prescribed multiple drugs (most I don't even bother taking) whos living the life of a pill. and it sucks. it really sucks. and I know nothing is going to get better because you cant get anything as a highschool dropout (theyre just going to kick me out anyways for acting out in class and stuff and fighting) even if I wanted to stay. hell, if I even decided to stay in school, I wont have enough credits to pass if I ace everything, ill be that retard whos 19 and still in high school. 

so, why even bother? what is there to accomplish when you have a crystal ball of your future and you know its just a downward spiral?