I would just really like to not 'be' right now.This may seem like a spur of the moment thing, and it may seem like I'm reaching out for help, which I have done before, but no longer think it will help me - but I really just don't wanna be alive, I just feel like I have to write the thoughts down somewhere.
I've been depressed for as long as I can remember, and I've been unemployed and haven't had a significant other for a long time too. My last job, I couldn't handle because I'd be anxious to the point of vomiting or almost fainting. I don't really have any skills built up either because I always fail and get really demotivated. I don't have any self confidence. A girl I really liked, albeit really nicely, turned me down (and there was miscommunication that did kind of get my hopes up). I don't even know if I can feel love anymore - for example, while I am really grateful to my family for putting up with a leech like me, I can't even say that I do love them. I don't really know what that is or feels like. And I cant pull myself to do anything for them or myself anymore, either. And I have friends, but no matter what, even the whole "They like you, they want to help" thing can't make me feel like I'm not a burden. And if I talk to them about this, I'll feel even more so. I feel like I'm the blandest person and never have anything to say to the point when I'm at an event, sometimes I'd rather not be there.
I can't even write this coherently - my brain is just fried all the time, or dead from inactivity, and I'm tired and I don't think I can keep going.
The thoughts going through my head are just "I'm so fucking lonely, and it never ends" and multiple ways of killing myself, that I don't know if I can go through with because what if I fail at that, I'll be in a worse situation - but I just really don't want to exist.
I wish that someone better, someone more ambitious, more determined, more talented had been born here instead of me - and they could have used the resources available, and maybe done something meaningful.
