Cut myself again today.What else am I supposed to do. I don't have anyone to talk to. No one understands. Why is it so impossible to be happy. Even with antidepressants helping me so much, the sadness and emptiness never leaves. 

I hate feeling anything for anyone. All people do is use me. Why can't they love me instead. What makes me so terrible that I can never receive love.

This is the most normal my life has ever been and I'm still stuck in an abnormal, toxic situation. Why can't I ever get myself out of those situations. Why can't I be that one person who loves me? 

I just want it all to end. I'm tired of crying into my pillow. I'm tired of this emptiness. I'm tired of being used... tired of never being good enough for anyone. Why can't anyone love me? 

All I want is love. All I want is someone I can trust. Someone who I know will not hurt or leave me. Someone who has only good intentions. Why do they all have to hurt me. I miss my ex so much. He was the only person who understood. The only person who would hug me and hold me when I couldn't control my sadness. 

And life has fucked him over just as much. It was a terrible relationship but at least we understood what we were going through. And I know he never ever wanted to hurt me, he was just struggling. 

Now I'm just alone. I just want to die. Why waste another 22 years letting people walk all over me. 

Why. Why why why. Why me. The pain is so terrible. Everyone makes me feel like a waste of space. Or just something to be used. Why can't anyone believe in me for once. Support me. Care for me. Please. One person is all I ask for.. and I can't even get that. 

Sometimes I think about buying a gun and taking a long hike somewhere and just shooting myself in the head. Maybe I'd drive to a national park and get lost and do it where no one could find me. I don't mean anything to anyone so it wouldn't matter. I wouldn't tell anyone about it, I'd just leave without a trace. Smoke a fat joint, have some good food, enjoy my last few minutes in silence and nature.. and just off myself. No more pain. I need the courage to do it. Life never gets better no matter how long I wait for it to. I'm tired of waiting. It's been far too long