Had a life and everything that entails...lost it due to medical mistakes, and after years of suffering and being alone I just want out.  But as you all know that is easier said than done.I had a great career, was super healthy and fit, had a beautiful and smart fiancee who showed me she loved me every day...then when more and more medical crap went wrong at the hands of shitty doctors I lost my job and insurance and then all my savings, my fitness, ability to do anything I enjoyed,...and the last thing I had...this woman who loved me "more than anything" left me.

I haven't felt good for about 8 years.  I am 37.  Haven't worked for 6 and haven't had sex for 4.  I am the guy people make fun of when they say "old guy who lives with his family".  I don't live in the basement but that's only because it's too full of crap.  I hate being here and have no privacy...and they hate me being here.  I have been fighting for SSDI for a couple of years now and at this point even maybe winning it won't change that much for me in the big picture...and since I have had such shitty lying doctors I have doubts about my ability to win because my records all cover their asses not my ass.

My conditions won't get better and maybe worse so there isn't any hope if a recovery...just mitigating the pain and effects.  

I have nothing to offer a woman and I have a lot of pain that would make sex difficult and probably weird for her, so I don't see the 4 year dry spell ending anytime soon.

I have thought about checking out off and on through the years but just kept going for some pointless reason.  Fear mostly of screwing up or hurting the handful of people who care a little...though they would be "hurt" far out of proportion to how much I actually mean to them now because they are all drama lovers.  

I have tried therapy and meds but they don't solve the underlying problems so it's just more side effects and hassle with no real results.

Just fucking tired.  I cannot see any practical reason to keep going.  I am sort of past the point of being willing to keep suffering every second of my life so other people don't have to feel bad.  I decided it wasn't noble to suffer when they don't really care that much...it's stupid and selfish of them to expect me to suffer so they don't have to think about it.

I am really, REALLY fucking angry because I had a great life.  It was stolen from me by greedy fucked up doctors who lied in their records. the And their insurance companies who have lobbied to put award caps in place make it really hard for people to win legit malpractice cases anymore since law firms won't help on contingency unless they will get big profits.  So greed ruined my life in effect and kept me from getting compensated.

Angry, hurting, lonely, tired............