I feel like I’m yelling into an empty voidI really don’t know how to drag out saying I want to die. I really just want to die. I hate life, and every monotonous, depressing, heartbreaking thing about it. 

My family doesn’t give a shit about my depression, I’ve told my mom how I feel, and she said I was just selfish and that everyone feels that way, that I’m just being a crybaby.

I had to play it off as a joke to my dad because he said he was gonna send me to a mental asylum.

I don’t know who to talk to, in fact, I’m afraid to post this here because if my friends or family find it, then I’m gonna be sent to a fucking asylum and locked up.

My parents don’t take it seriously, my family doesn’t care, my friends are probably sick of me saying depressing things and don’t offer much help apart from a “that sucks man” and I don’t blame them. I don’t want them to have to constantly reassure me, they have their own life and it’s not up to them to be my constant reassurance.

I’ve talked to dozens of therapists and councillors, talked to help lines. But they all give the same advice, say the same things, whenever I talk to one of them it feels like I’m being talked to by a goddman audio loop.

There’s none I can talk to, no one who can fix me. You can’t fix me.

Parents will talk to you and say they know best, that you’re overreacting, because they were teens too at one point. But society has changed so much that they will never, and can never understand.

I don’t know what to do. I can’t get a gun where I live, I don’t have the willpower to cut my wrists or hang myself. It’ll hurt. I don’t want to have to try to kill myself and then get some life altering disability or something from it.

I know life isn’t fair and everything but why couldn’t it at least give us a way out of it?? It’s fucking bullshit. I didn’t choose to be born, I don’t want to live, so why in the fuck can’t I just die without having to feel a fuck ton of pain?! 

I feel like I’m trapped in a room with no escape, I want to die, I know I do. But my fucking body won’t let me.