i just cant take being a fucking loser anymoreim so done. im 22 years old and Ive hated life enough. I dont have anything to live for. My parents divorced 4 years ago and to this day i have to suffer with my mother rambling about it and my father completely ignoring me. he's having a baby with his new wife. He couldnt even help me pay for a decent education yet he's having another kid to put through a shit life. I have no talents AT ALL, I have no skills. I live in a shit country. With my pathethic skills I can only aspire to minimum wage which is around 5 FUCKING DOLLARS A DAY. But no one even goes as far as hiring me. I cant wrap my head around it, I dont consider myself an awful person, im not hideous, in fact you could see me walking down the street anytime and you wouldnt think theres anything wrong with me. I CANT FUCKING GET HIRED. Ive tried everything and no one will ever call me back. What the fuck am i supposed to do? I have no degree, no job, no money, NOTHING. I just dont see what could i possibly do from here. 

Also two years ago I developed a fucking anal fissure and it ruined my life (sorry if tmi) I dont have it anymore but it left scars and for the past 2 fucking years I havent been able to properly sit for more than 10 minutes. I cant do anything about this crippling pain. It has destroyed my self steem, my social life (i cant go anywhere without suffering and i cant tell anyone because its embarassing) I have no money to pay for the procedure to get fixed, I obviously have no insurance, there is no fucking health care in this SHIT country i was born. 

I dont get it. Im 22 years old and I just want to die now. There is nothing I can find joy in anymore. I used to enjoy videogames. I suck at them and it makes me angry, I throw tantrums and break things, hurt myself. I spent all fucking day watching stupid shit on the tv. There is just no other thing to do. I dont have any money so I cant even go to the fucking store and buy myself a coke. Im in pain all the time. I wake up at 2 or 3 pm just to avoid being awake more time. I am done, there's nothing for me anymore