Time is almost upSo... I'm planning to finish it all in about a month. Before I go, I wanted to leave my story somewhere. Hopefully, someone here might be able to help me out although I don't really expect so much.

I am 23M now, and was born in S.Korea from average family. My family including my parents and two brothers is mostly quiet but I know we do care for each other. From very young age, I was interested in science, and aimed to become a scientist. There are high schools specifically aimed to raise talented scientific students in my county and obviously, my goal was to get in there. It was extremely competitive thing and I studied hard. Fortunately, I was good at learning and always got in top 10 in my school. However, things happened and my family had to move to China for few years. In China, I went to Harrow Beijing, British international school, from Y9-Y11. At first, I had hard time fitting in since my English was not good back then, but once I got used to it, I enjoyed many aspects of it. Harrow is where I learned my country's education framework sucks and to stop by from studying from time to time and enjoy the life. I would say Harrow enlightened me whether for good or bad.

After 3 years of freshing experience at Harrow, life thing happened again and my family had to get back to SKorea. Obviously, I was too late to enter science specialized high school and went to just an ordinary high school in my country. Some people might already know, but the education in S.Korea is extremely harsh. Students were obligated to remain in school untill late at night. I'm talking about 9AM - 11PM. It was insane. I again had trouble adapting to this new system but this time it was more complicated. Studying all day at the school was obviously painful both mentally and physically but it was more than that. Harrow taught me critical thinking and things about life and that made me question if all this hard work is really worth it. I think at this point, I was really depressed continuously pondering about the life and death. Still, I could hold on to something. I was really into cosmology at that time, and just thinking about it made me excited. I still had a reason to stay alive. After 1.5yrs, I graduated and finally entered college.

My college was one of the best in my country and it was especially speciallized in science and technology. So I could say I was successful, or at least I achieved my first goal. The college life was refreshing again. I had lots of free time doing whatever I want, lived far from home in dormitary with roommates I came to become close to and joined clubs with shared interest people. I, still, was worried about the studies since it was bascially bunch of elitists from all around my country. To my surprise, I had absoultely no problem understanding lectures and got fairly good grades from all subjects. My first year in the college passed like that untroubled.

From the year after, however, I would say I was not living a healthy life. I had much less chances to meet my friends as we got separate majors (in my college, first graders all share most of the lectures and we choose our major from the next year). They also all had their roommates reserved for their best friends, so I had to live with random roommates. For some reasons, I had trouble making friends from new people I met in new lectures. The same went for my new roommates. We barely talked to each other and lived their own lives. I guess this is the point when I started to feel truly alone and hang on to my old friends. Depression did not really help with my studies also. I felt less motivated and for the first time in my life started to have some difficulties understanding things in lecture. Still, it wasn't worst. I got fair grades somehow. Not so good, but not so bad. Just average results. However, I still had hopes of studying cosmology and that made me keep going somehow.

As some of you might have guessed, it didn't get better the next year. I still couldn't make new friends and my friends decided to focus on studying, and we barely hung out together. My roommate spent most of the time outside, even spending night somewhere else. I got more depressed each day and spent most of my time playing games in my room alone. My motivation almost ran out and I started to miss out lectures. Still at this point, I had some hope left. I continued on. But it was the sixth semester. It was the climax. I had absolutely no contact with my friends for three whole months. Instead I tried to motivate myself in studying and got fairly good grades at mid exam. I would say, I was lonely and depressed but hopeful. Then, for unknown reason it exploded. I lost my emotions. To be more precise, I was crying in the bed everyday before, but at some point, I felt no more loneliness, depression and hope. I suddenly lost all my urges to do anythings. I didn't want to study, didn't want to go out and didn't even want to play. Everything was void. I missed most of the classes, never finished homwork and finally failed my finals. And I didn't care. I would just stay in my room stare at empty space for an hour or so. Every time I do anything, it was so much stress. I just wanted to vanish.

Since then, I'm having break from school for over 2 years now. I feel a bit calm at home fortunately, but I still have no motivation to live. I just let time pass by. For these 2 years, I always wanted to disappear from this world, and half a year ago, I finally began to consider suicide seriously. Now, I AM suicidal. I plan to die at some point in march this year despite the fear of pain and consequences of death. And before you ask, I've been to therapists and Department of Mental Health Medicine for treatments. You know what. The pills I'm still taking do not seem to have any affect. Therapists admitted that they can't seem to help me and introduced new therapists. Current therapist also have difficulties determining my state. I also tried some on my own. I tried to do some exercise, but the physical tiredness just makes me so stressful. Same goes for hobbies. I tried to draw or something but they gave so much stress that my head starts to hurt. For past few months, I worked on my last resort. I tried to get what I really wanted to before if that might help, but financial issues made them to go all in vain. Now, I can't think of anything I can try. Clock's ticking towards my Dday and now I'm preaparing to let everything go.

So... that's my whole story. Unlike may other in this thread, my life was not so troubled. I had no childhood abuse, trauma of something or lost something/someone important. It was just loneliness but I endured it for years, I don't think that was the real reason behind it. I can't even... know what caused this, what is wrong and how I would want to be. I just feel like... I don't fit into this world really that it was eventually to happen at some point. I don't know now. I am just too tired, I want to finish it all. And thinking that I'm gonna die soon makes me both worried and relieved. Sorry and thanks for reading my long post. It is somewhat my last attempt before I let everything go, so I'm open for talk although I doubt it would make any differences. Well, I failed but I hope anyone here who needs help gets better. Farewell.