Where is the Breaking Point?I’m so tired. 

I’ve felt suicidal every single day for well over a decade. Even the best days, the words “kill yourself” are repeated through my brain at least five times. I’ll trace it on my skin. “Kill yourself.”


I was really counting on my tax return this year. It was a lot of money. It was taken to pay my student loans. I lost my job at the end of March. A job that made me more miserable than I already was every single day, but still. A job I was good at. A job that paid okay. That same week, my fiancé had his car repossessed. I didn’t even know that we were in that dire of a position financially, this came as a big shock. He needs a car for his job. We’ve been sharing my car. I found a new job, but my start date has been pushed back twice now. I’m supposed to start this Monday. 

Today, my fiancé was in an accident on the freeway. My car is totaled. It was the only thing I owned. I don’t even own any of the furniture in our apartment. The only thing I had to show for working my ass off. My insurance was lapsed, because I couldn’t afford it without working. I think this maybe the time I really can’t crawl up out of the hole. I think it may be my breaking point. 

These life stresses have become too much for me. My depression has been severe lately. All I do is sleep. I think I’m borderline, but I’ve only been diagnosed with depression. My mood swings and dangerous behaviors are at an all time high. 

I’ve been a miserable bitch since I can remember. I grew up in a shit tweaker town. I used to hide in my room, and apologize to my carpet for having to sit on it because that’s how worthless I felt. My parents were abusive in their own ways. I cut all the time. Everyone who meets me instantly knows, because the scars are everywhere. I got put on probation, used sex and drugs to try to feel something, got kicked out of school. We were dirt poor, my mental state was never a priority and I couldn’t wait to get out. I did, but it was always with a boyfriend keeping me afloat. It didn’t matter. None of it mattered. 

I found my youngest brother dead in my house from an accidental overdose. He was only 18. I have nightmares all the time and I miss him more than I can ever say. 

My dad died a painful cancer death two years later. He won’t be here to walk me down the aisle. I sat with him for weeks on hospice while he turned into a shell of a human. He made me promise to take care of myself. He wanted me to quit smoking. I still haven’t. Just another reason to hate myself. 


I’ve tried to kill myself three times. I’ve tried meds. Therapy helped a bit. I couldn’t afford either right now anyway. 

I have a son. He is the most magical, intelligent person. Best thing that ever happened to me. Really, he’s brilliant for his age. He’s won so many awards. He’s hilarious, he loves to dance. He’s so amazing. I could brag about him forever. The only good thing I’ve ever done. He’s growing into such a wonderful little man. I repaired a lot of my relationships with my parents after he was born. I slowed down. I tried going back to school. I would have already been dead if it wasn’t for him. I think I have crossed the threshold though, where my continuing to live this way will hurt him more than me ending this life. He needs a mom. Not a husk in a dark room all day. Not a drunk, poor bitch. 

I can’t even be sad right now. I’m void of feeling.  
I know this is all over the place. I’m sorry. 
I just want someone to know that I really have tried, every time life knocked me down. I want to pull myself up by the bootstraps again for my son, but they’re broken. Thanks for reading if you did. 

I wish I could feel normal. I wish I could trade bodies with someone who’s sick, and who wants to live. I wish that something would go right. I wish I wanted to live.

I’ve been drinking. Maybe I’ll get lucky. 

How do you know if you’re really at your breaking point? What is yours?