I think I might end itNothing ever changes, nothing gets better and no matter how hard I work at bettering myself and bettering my life, all the fucking people I know who spend their day begging for money online or using their friends to get by or are just plain fucking assholes still live better than me. I used to weigh 460 lbs, I lost over 200 pounds and now weigh 220 and I’m still loosing. I’m still ugly and have a ton of loose skin that makes me look much larger than I am so I still get off handed comments all the time, even by family and friends who know how hard I’ve worked over the past 2 years. I’m legally blind, I lost my ability to drive and spent 4 years just trying to get ssi. I barley make enough to get by and just feel like an incredible burden to my gf and family, I have very sensitive eyes so all the treatment options didn’t work for me initially or just were not covered by insurance, I’m trying again, I have another appointment on the 13th but I doubt it’ll change. I’m ftm transgender and I’ve actually already started T and have moved forward to legally change my name and gender, I’ll get the decision back at the end of February but that still doesn’t stop people from calling me,”she,” or using my dead name. Nobody ever opens up to me and for the most part, all of my friends rarely talk to me unless there’s something I can offer them.I’m going back to college but idek what I want to do in life and I’m 26, so it feels like I’m just filling my time with useless pursuits and tbh, if the treatment for my eyes doesn’t go through, my options are pretty limited. People always tell me that I’m making excuses because,”blind people overcome obstacles all the time.” But I try, I try so fucking hard and nothing changes. I have severe anxiety, major depressive disorder, ADHD, OCD, PTSD, and it feels like the cards are stacked against me. I didn’t want these things, I didn’t ask for them, but they legit affect every aspect of my life and yet,”Im an attention seeker who uses my illnesses as an excuse.” I’m not making excuses, I’ve done everything I’m supposed to do. I lost the weight, I’m working on treatment, I’m going to college, I transitioning, I’ve done every last thing I can do to be better and I’m still a poor, useless, ugly, pathetic nobody who burdens everyone around them. I won’t say people would be better off without me, but my death would legit have no impact on the world or in people’s lives as a whole. I really just don’t see the point anymore.