Nothing is working and im getting closer and closer to doing it.Ive been dealing with depression and suicidal thoughts now for a while. Ive talked to a therapist, a psychiatrist, and even got sent to Red Rock behavioral health for a week because they thought I was getting close to killing myself. Im currently taking 10mg Doxepin, 10mg Buspirone, and 0.2mg Clonidine and they helped a bit at first but they stopped working and the only thing that helps is taking twice the clonidine i was given so i can at least get a couple hours of sleep. I know i need help but idk what to do anymore ive been doing some pretty scary things and i want to get better but i dont know how. Sometimes I leave my house and just start driving in any direction. I hit 115mph on a country road tonight and I know its not safe and I could get in serious trouble but idk why i do it. Sometimes i hold a gun to my head and just sit like that for a long time thinking about why i should or shouldn't squeeze the trigger a bit harder. The most recent reason was "fuck it i guess i'll try a little longer". Everything just seems so meaningless. I dont have any desire to do anything. I have no clue what im going to do with my life I feel like im alive just because I am alive and I cant get enjoyment out of anything. Its not like its social problems or anything I would consider myself fairly popular but ive been ignoring my friends and I was even set up with a girl this week and I haven't even bothered to talk to her because I feel like there is no point in doing anything. I feel like the world is just fake and a bunch of bullshit. I feel like im going crazy. The worst part is my grandma had a really hard time with depression and I know my mom takes some kind of pills for it so im really worried that it could be inherited and if I dont find a way to control it I could be like this forever. I really want to get help before it develops to something worse but nothing is working. I have another appointment tomorrow with the psychiatrist about the meds and i guess ill tell him for the hundredth time that the shit he gave me isnt working. I really need some help before i do something stupid Im typing this with a revolver in my lap.