ThoughtsSaturday July 25, 2015 I thought seriously of killing myself. I am sad, depressed even, but I don’t know why it’s been a strong option for me. I think of it off handed sometimes, like it’d be so easy to do it. Even when I’m not amidst turmoil, I think of it. I have friends and family around me who love me dearly, I know that tomorrow will be better than today. I’m not hopeless, the opposite is true. I believe that a wonderful life is ahead full of adventure and wonders to be enjoyed and learned from. I can’t figure out what causes these feelings, feelings left over from a time of hopelessness and despair. I know I’m not my father, my life is my own to make. I feel pressure, but no more than any other person in my position. Of course I’m scared to be alone, people are my greatest joy in life. But I believe that I will find someone truly wonderful someday, worthy of all of the energy I inject into every single day I walk this earth. I don’t live in Darkness, I thrive in sunlight and I actively search for it.
It seems my thoughts are my own worst enemy. I haven’t yet developed an armor that I cannot penetrate with the darkest recesses of my mind. 
I so look forward to the journey to the mountain top, but I’m crippled with anxiety all along the journey. I consider myself a wanderer at heart, someone who will always notice the finer things and take a moment to admire. I haven’t yet figured out how to reconcile this with the demons in my mind who want nothing more than to snuff my candle out.
I’m writing this to put my heart in words. I am complicated at times, but I am overall a simple man. I live my life to the extreme, every situation calls for the most amount of emotion that I can muster, for better or for worse. I surround myself with loyal, loving people and try to treat everyone as a friend, but I falter sometimes. My missteps surely aren’t enough to have me cross that final line but it seems like they are sometimes. When your first consideration is the extreme then everything is fair game I suppose. 

I know my problems aren't as bad as other peoples, and I don't like bothering people with them (combo of southern manly pride, and being the middle child who wasn't listened to much anyways)

 I'm desperate to find some understanding in why these thoughts consume me and how I can learn from them, and hopefully prevent them.