The thought of killing myself and getting it over with has been a lot on my mind lately.It seems as if for as long as I can remember my life has been pathetic and shitty in so many ways, but lately, things seem to be going from bad to worse. It is a pretty long story but I really want to at least get it off my chest because I feel like no-one else would even care to listen. Two nights ago I grabbed a knife and kept on thinking just how easy it would be to slit my wrists right there and then and just bleed to death and get it over with. Eventually, I ended up scaring myself so, I put the knife down and I went to bed to just drown out all my thoughts.

This is not the first time this has happened. I first tried to (unsuccessfully) commit suicide in my mid-teens after my younger brother died. It wasn't only because of my brother's death, though. It was also partially because I had an abusive father who I hate to this day and I was already depressed and stressed out by that so, after my brother died I fell into a deeper depression which is why I attempted suicide. Then, in my late teens, I starting developing suicidal thoughts again mainly because at that time my mom was diagnosed with a serious health problem (I have actually only told very few people about this but I'm saying it now to get it off my chest) and she's still alive but she definitely won't be around for much longer. I didn't actually end up hurting myself at that time, though. 

Now, just a few years later and especially as of late, I've been thinking of just ending my life and getting it over with. The reason that lately I've fallen into an even deeper depression is another long story, but I don't want to get into too many details (for various reasons) so, I'll just say this: I'm deeply in love with someone who not only does not see me the same way but most likely he really doesn't give a fuck about me or cares about me at all. This person *used to* like me (he had told me so at that time which was quite a while ago) but at some point he met someone else, became ''infatuated'' with her and then told me that he only sees me as a friend. The very thought of him not liking me at all or giving a shit about me makes me want to just curl up in a ball and die. In fact, I'd go as far as saying that he probably doesn't even *think* about me at all. I don't think I ever cross his mind. My mind keeps on creating this mental image of him thinking about her all the time and never thinking about me or caring whatsoever. It makes me deeply depressed to say the least and there have been many times (lately) when I've felt physically ill when I think about it. 

And it's not just him. Generally, I just very often feel like no one really gives a fuck about me. I feel as if I dropped dead no one would really care or they'd only be kind of upset for a little while and then completely forget about me. One of the worst parts is that lately, any time I try to call my best friends they're either not picking up (the phone) or they pick up briefly and tell me that they're ''really busy right now''. I'm not saying they're doing it deliberately but given the fact that I'm depressed, it just seems like really shitty behavior on their part and it just makes me end up feeling even more lonely and uncared for. That's one of the main reasons that I decided to post here. It's because I felt that no one else would give a fuck.