SQLwitch, one of the mods of this subreddit... is trolling suicidal people... unacceptable behavior!I made a post here which I will paste below... as well as made a second post simply suggesting the 10 minute timer be removed in this sub, if possible. I am not normally a Reddit user, so I messaged the mods my suggestion later when I figured out how to.

SQLwitch responded callously and condescendingly and deleted my suggestion post. Honestly, deleting the suggestion post was fine - but their tone was not.  But not only did they do that - they ALSO deleted the post about how I have been thinking about blowing my brains out. This mod even deleted the supportive posts I made in other people's threads!!! Without explanation! Why?!

You can clearly see rule #6 in the sidebar... and believe me, they did NOT follow it.

What kind of shit person does that unprovoked? I was nothing but polite in my original message to them (that changed after their attitude and deletion of BOTH of my posts). 

The one forum I would expect not to have to deal with a sociopathic Nazi mld would be this one but nope - humanity strikes again!

This is absolutely unnacceptable and it really does make tragic sense that a sick fuck would run a Reddit sub like this. I wonder how many people that mod has driven to suicide??


My original post: (thank you to all those who responded to it)

"The state of the world and the people in it is such that I don't really want to live among them anymore. 

Disease ravaging my body and weakening me more and more every day does not help alleviate that feeling either.

I have barely left the house in nearly two years and here I am, at rock bottom, about to beg Reddit to talk me out of killing myself.

I have two guns two arms lengths away from me right now and every single day, I get closer and closer to putting one of them to my head and pulling the trigger.

Now, I get here hoping for the humanity that is so sorely missing in my life to magically appear before me and bring me back from the brink. Instead, I see people stating their intentions with little to no reply and I can't help but think how foolish I was to think I would find different.

This is pointless. As pointless as life.  Good luck to those of you struggling. May you find some kind of peace.

I think I might walk outside and blow my brains out."