constant pressure to keep going, even though I don’t want toSome days are better than others, but days like today feel like the worst. I didn’t go to school today, I didn’t want to go yesterday but I had practice. The only reason I go to school is so that I don’t have to worry about grades, or people getting mad at me for not being there. I don’t really have that many friends, only two that I’m really close to, but even then I haven’t been able to see them recently because of a lot of different reasons. 
I feel like I’m supposed to work hard, I’m supposed to feel happy so other people don’t worry about me. Today, I’d really like to die, but I know I can’t because other people would feel sad. It’s horrible to say, but I wish I could die from some illness so people wouldn’t blame themselves if I died. 
I feel like a disappointment to my teachers and to myself; ever since I was younger I was always told to make good grades, and my teachers always expected a lot from me. I’m not doing as well in school as I feel is expected, and I’m starting to question why it even matters if I do well in the first place. What’s the point if I’m not going to do anything with my life anyways? I wanted to be a zoologist or an artist, but I’m not even good with either subject. I’m just mediocre and now dread thinking about the future. I wanted to go to college, but now I don’t even know what the point is. What’s the point of living, when there are horrible things in life that will likely always weigh me down?
I know that life can be beautiful, but even when I notice its beauty there is always something that comes and ruins it. The state of the world makes me feel hopeless, my lack of skill to do what I love makes me feel worthless, and it seems that the only reason I’m here is because I don’t want other people to feel like it’s their faults for me feeling sad. 
I’m tired of having the same routine: I wake up to go to school, then to practice, go home and nap, wake up to shower, eat, and do homework, and then finally go back to bed. I used to really enjoy art, playing video games, being with friends, etc.,  but now I just don’t know what the point of it all is. I’ve been told things will get better, but I’ve been told that a lot—things get better for a little, sure, but then it just goes back to how it is. I constantly feel anxious to live up to expectations from others and myself, and even though I’ve been going to therapy and have been medicated for anxiety and depression, things haven’t really improved long-term. I’ve been through some trauma and it makes me feel even worse about myself and living, but I feel pressured to keep going because of others. I don’t want to affect others negatively, but I often feel like I just don’t want to keep going.
This isn’t my main account, and I’m not planning on returning to this one. This isn’t necessarily a goodbye, but simply some “I-don’t-know-if-I can-keep-going-on-like-this” rant. I want to feel better, I really want to feel like life is worth living, but it’s become increasingly difficult for me to try to have hope for something better.