Was supposed to achieve great things, efforts seem pointless now.r/suicidewatch, hi

Ever since I was seven years old I've wanted to die. I suffered a lot of emotional abuse at the hands of my parents. Mostly my father, but my mother knowingly turned a blind eye to how I felt. It never helped that I was abused and beaten by classmates well into high school, or that I haven't been able to keep friends for more than a year at a time.

Now I finally have a boyfriend who loves me (though we have had a bit of a falling out recently) and he lives in another country. I want to move in with him, and my parents couldn't be any happier to get rid of me. As my mom says "All I do is waste my time and money on you. Just fucking leave, it'll make us both happier." The problem is, I can't drive and can't attend college in the US, so if I move I'll basically be homebound for life unless I can get citizenship (America is ruthless about stuff like that).

I was a genius student, I graduated high school with honors, competed in provincials for English and Mathematics, and got accepted into the most exclusive science program in my city.
However, because of what I suspect is an anxiety-driven personality disorder, my insecurities in college made me terrified of failure and competition. After several panic attacks and a severe depressive period during my finals, I managed to fail every class. I'm currently in the process of being expelled.
As a straight-A student who people said would achieve great things, I've never felt more depressed and useless in my life.

I've made several attempts to speak to a therapist, but it seems the waiting periods for an appointment are 6 months and up. I can't by any means afford private.

My parents hate me (no really, they resent my existence), my only chance at escape is moving in with my passive-aggressive boyfriend (who may or may not break up with me again and leave me stranded in a foreign country), any friends I do have are constantly speaking negatively about me behind my back, and I've managed to mess up my education beyond belief.

I feel like I legitimately have nothing left to live for.
I don't want to kill myself so much as I really think it would be better off for everyone (but mostly me) if I just died.