I hate my lifeI'm a shy guy with no friends, afraid of people and socializing but I want to do it so badly it's infuriating when I try!!!!!! I can't just walk up to a person and say hello and especially to a woman (I tried this once, she started yelling and calling the police and shit, it happened in the metro, ever since I've been completely discouraged to talk with women I don't know, it was just a textbook 'hello'). I can't network at all with anyone, if someone would just come up to me and start talking with me instead of me doing it.. it would be bliss, they would get to know me instantly and I would be the best person they'd ever know.. but it never happens because I'm a guy.. not a woman. I'm so desperate for contact or attention it's gotten incredibly painful.

Yesterday I went to a gamer meeting, I still couldn't talk with anyone and get to know anyone and yesterday I feel it was like my last try out of the so many, today I feel tired of trying and I just want to chew up some antibiotics, go to sleep and never wake up, and don't bring me the bullshit with "what about your relatives", I DO NOT GIVE A FUCK about my relatives, whenever I tried to make a friend they always scared him/her away somehow. 

Today I just kept crying, but I was in public so I tried to keep it in, cause guys crying in public is awkward, they must be unbreakable things, can't even properly cry at home, cause my parents might hear me and start with their stupid advices (they don't know how to parent, really, trust me on this one, I'm not wrong, I can barely get a hug out of them once a year).

I don't think I'm ugly, I don't have **m**any problems with my image (I'm a bit fat..a bit) but my self-esteem is completely trashed, I don't think anyone would like me at all, I think everyone hates me and whenever someone looks at me I feel like they're looking in disgust and out of hatred, whenever I hear some women laugh I believe I'm the one they're laughing about. [This is me](https://i.gyazo.com/3d2bda343bc87add0cdeff88256f5514.png) and [here is me too](https://i.gyazo.com/0ae54cd81feb1932f88805cbbc084f8d.jpg).

It feels good to write this down, but today I really wanted to kill myself, I still might, depends on the motivation I get today..