If I kill myself I'll be better offMy life has gone to shit. I have ruined my chances of going to university. I'm stuck around vain people who I rarely speak to at my place of education. I have no friends.  My family now treat me like an idiot, and keep in close correspondence about me, talking about me behind my back. I haven't had a real conversation with my mother in my entire life, I've never spoken to her for longer than 10 minutes. She only speaks to me to chastise me, or tell me to stop on my dream of going to university nowadays. She tells other family members to do likewise, and so I receive multiple phone calls that patronise me and make me feel like a failure. Also, my mother lies about a lot of things and tells other people that I am aggressive, despite me being one of the most pathetically meek people on the surface of this planet and I let other people walk all over me on a daily basis. Because the environment I grew up in was... shouty, I flinch at loud noises. People have told me that its pathetic and I'm inclined to agree with them. Dropping a glass will set me off, I jump away and then start apologising like crazy.  That is how meek and pathetic I am. 

I have been surrounded by violent/unstable people for my entire life. Aggressive/drug using step-father (times two) and manipulative, nasty people. I can only remember my young childhood in patches, but I have been told my step-father "licked my nipples" amongst other stuff. I vaguely remember stuff like that but I was still shocked. I was told to get over it because it wasn't "real abuse". People used drugs around me and in front of me and I have since overdosed on legal highs and nearly died when I was thirteen, I've never spoken to anyone about this, but yeah I know I'm a bad person.

I write poems, but no-one around me who is my age cares about these things. Both of my parents have struggled with depression, and thus it is no surprise that I also suffer from depression, with my grandfather also having very serious bi-polar. Honestly if they understood the likeliness of me having such serious depression they should never have had me. 

I don't know whether it is me or the depression talking here, but I honestly see no joy in life. My one sole joy is writing poetry, but I cannot share it with anyone.  My happiest moments are when I'm alone. I look forward to going to sleep and dread waking up in the mornings. Ending my own life will no doubt be hard, but I'll be happier once I'm dead. Feeling nothing is better than this pain.

Please, please help...
