Been thinking and dreaming about it since I was 9, is it finally the time?Hey!

I’ll try not to get in too much detail to save your time :) … Basically suicide’s been the thing I have been thinking and smiling about since I was around 9 years old. I remember writing in a diary about my attempts (well, more like just 2 – ate every single pill I could find at home (even while my parents are doctors (so stronger medication can be found around the house), it did apsolutely nothing – didn’t even damage my liver or kidney or anything and the 2nd time was I was going to jump off a balcony, but when I was on the edge, my little sister (3 or 4 years at the time) came in and I couldn’t do it with her seeing).
After that I sort of gave up on it and just hid the diary on a top shelf. Later one some of the shelves were moved and when I looked, the diary wasn’t there, so I am sure as hell my parents found it, but thankfully avoided awkward conversations.

Anyways, now I’m 19, complete failure (which was to be expected, tbh) and still smile every time I think about dying. People have told me I have severe depression, however, for me it doesn’t seem to be so, it’s the same as it was 10 years ago – I just don’t see the point in living, it is not something that interests me. Not that I would hate it or anything, I’d just rather avoid it. Is that normal?

Within 2 weeks I am going back to spend my summer with my family and friends (haven't done that in 2 years) and I sort of have everything planned. I have bought 2 huge helium tanks for ''exit bag'' and also have some spare money to spend with my friends. Essentially I am thinking about just being as nice and loving as I can to my family (I do want them to know I love them) and spend some time together with my friends before doing it.

Am I making the right decision? I know you people will try to stop me, but is it really the right thing to do? If I have never had any willpower to live (and even when I was a bloody 9 year old kid, who's supposed to enjoy life), I have never seen it as something I want to do and  thinking about abandoning it makes me smile and happy every single time (sometimes drop a tear of happiness).

Reddit, am I finally doing the right thing?