me, my sister and her abusive boyfriend(sorry, i dont use reddit. while i knew of subreddits like this i only read what other people said. i dont know how to work this website so please give me a chance to reply. also, this is long)
ive never known my mother, while i was young she had killed herself. my sister told me that she was "crazy", but i dont know what a type of person she was. my father wasnt around a lot, usually gambling or sleeping with hookers. my two brothers and sister raised me. my sister was always very sick; in and out of hospital. first it was her kidneys. i cant even remember what else shes been there for except a few years ago she was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. my sister never informed me of it, nor all the miscarriages she had with her abusive boyfriend. hes tried to kill her, hes possesive and dangerous but my sister is madly in love with him. i hate him, but i have to live with him. i live with my sister but i dont see her anymore as she says shes "embarrassed of what [shes] become". she can no longer walk properly and sometimes cannot leave her bed for days. my pain is nothing like my sisters, not even half, but the doctor said shes going to die in a few years. im technically still a teen, and i dont want to live with her boyfriend when she dies. sadly, my father passed away a few weeks ago. i hated him, but he was still my father. ive had suicidal thoughts since i was 13, after learning my sister had a kidney disease. my brothers live abroad and i dont keep in regular contact. she is all ive ever had so if she dies, so do i. i love her with all my heart and it tears me apart to hear her crying at night. i know i have mental illnesses but im just too afraid of it being true so i refuse going to a doctor. my sister doesnt know i think like this, nor her boyfriend; no one does. i have "friends" but i am always alone. i never leave the house, i never sleep (my severe fear of the dark plays a role in that) and i dont eat, drink, take care of hygiene like i should. i cant. it is too much work. i just want it to be over but i cant kill myself till my sister dies. i dont want her living a life without her sister when she needs her most.