Update from previous story: worse than ever before and going to end it at 21.Just an update from my other story 3 months ago and i did get better but things just crashes and fell back to the bottom https://reddit.app.link/A9GGlwiQwO

     Now I am way worse than i ever was beforehand. In fact out of the 3 heart breaks I've ever had this is the one that makes me want to end my life.

With this third girl I thought she was a really nice friend. In fact i heavily trusted her with things I've never told anyone else. And had very deep feelings towards her. On my graduation day she text me things that made me so happy to have a friend like her. She even invited me to her sweet 16 and wanted me to bring my mom. However out of nowhere she literally started to ghost me and even stopped answering me altogether. I don't know why or what but it always happens. Every time i fall for someone I just get destroyed completely. But in fact that's just half the reason.

Between having mostly shitty experiences in my teenage years from getting bullied forever in addition my heart completely destroyed multiple times, I'm already at a massive disadvantage as a result of missing out on the most important stages of development so I don't really think ending would cause me to miss out on much. I didnt even go to prom because i didnt want other kids to bully me. So pretty much in social development I'm extremely far behind, I have no friends anymore,

But now it's nothing anymore. I'm done with dealing with the heart breaks, being massively behind in social development, having no friends really to talk to. I don't care about this horrible life journey anymore. No more will I have to deal with being extremely handicapped in terms of social skills or being unlovable/a complete waste of life. I'll be replaced by someone a million times better than me in every single way  Besides I wouldn't really miss out on anything major being gone. Life isn't a gift in the slightest just a hell of disappointment and I no longer am going to be part of it.
