I don't know what to doI just don't know what to do with myself. It's like an itch. Everything drives toward that thought, so much so that I physically squirm. It builds and builds but in the end, I'm always too scared. " It's been too hard livin' but I'm afraid to die." Those words of Sam Cooke always echo in my mind. I just can't look at myself; I am so pathetic and pointless. I am so ashamed of myself that it is even hard to admit the things I hate the most about myself to strangers who I will never meet. In short, I got nothing to give. I fail in every dimension of life, especially in relationships( shit there are none to speak of). I know no one will ever love me like that, and it feels like it would be better that way anyhow. No one deserves to have me as the ball and chain holding them back. I don't want someone to waste their time on me it's not fair to them. I'm 21 and I've never kissed or done anything. It's so pathetic it's hard to type. I just don't deserve life; I've squandered everything. I wish I just wouldn't wake up 'cause I'm too much of a coward to do it myself. I've tried pills and therapy but I'm just a broken thing that ought to be forgotten. People have wasted so much on me. I hate being me. I wish I were dead or non-existent or something other than this, other than myself. I feel so pathetic and worthless. I feel fucking ugly, stupid, talentless, and weak. I'm fucking short. I'm a virgin at 21. I just can't see a future for myself in any regard. Each day feels like work, and then night comes and I feel so damn alone. Each night I get closer and closer to getting the courage to just do it. I've come close but I always stop, and that makes me feel like a coward. And I know it's petty but I'm pretty sure I'm starting to go bald. It just feels like another thing; it feels like I can't catch a break. I feel like such a burden all the money wasted on me for college, medication, and therapy; I feel like a fucking leech. I just take and take and take without anything to give because I have nothing.  

Even this feels long and self-indulgent, but it's a rant, and it's how I feel.