Thinking about going to the hospital tonightA little background:

I'm 26. I live with my parents, just recently got my first full time job in the healthcare field (which isn't what I go to school for, I go for criminal justice and paralegal studies, main goal is to eventually get a job as a paralegal). My aunt got me the job and I quit my part time retail job for it. I just started my 3rd week and I realized I fucking hate it. A lot. I know nothing about the healthcare field and my boss is constantly getting annoyed with me because I don't immediately know things. The girl I replaced was there for 9 years or something and my boss is fairly new to the facility so she doesn't know my job much either. I keep getting told I'm doing well but I'm getting really frustrated.

It's also affecting my mental health. I've always been depressed with major anxiety (never diagnosed, other than the fact that I was on antidepressants when I was in middle school because my parents forced me to take them). I work in a nursing home and it's depressing. I was under the impression that I wouldn't be dealing with patients as I'm just a secretary (basically) but I have to go to their rooms everyday to drop off their schedules for therapy. 

I've been having a really rough time as of late. I'm sad, I just want to sleep all the time, I'm always on the verge of tears and my anxiety is through the roof. When I see the patients at my job, all it makes me think is that there's really no reason to live. Like, what do I have to look forward to? Just get old, get thrown in a nursing home and die. That's it. What's the point? 

I have no close friends I can talk to. I also got out of a severely emotionally abusive relationship in the past year and have sought no treatment for it. 

I know this is all over the place but I'm in a really bad spot. I want to go to the hospital but I'm also scared because I don't know what to expect. Ive thought about admitting myself multiple times in the past, but always chickened out. I'm not going to attempt suicide but I REALLY feel like I want to.

Someone help, please. 