I have nothing going for me.I'm ugly. No, not a dysmorphia ugly. I'm genuinely ugly.
I used to be very pretty. I was pretty until I turned 13. Even my peers noticed that I was going downhill. My family stopped calling me beautiful and instead told me I look sickly and I should always wear makeup wherever I go because it's good to look my best.

My face went from small and dainty to blocky and gross. No mouth of makeup can make me look better. My lips are small and thin, and don't match my smile. My nose is big and sticks out terribly. My eyebrows are unflattering, maintained or not. My eyelids are hooded and my lashes are short. My face is uneven with scars and looks like it's aged no matter how much skin care routines I do. I've been showered to compliments for being a MTF transitioner. I'm not transitioning.
I hate myself so much. People have "glow ups" now. I'm 18 and I've just gone downhill. I look in the mirror and I'm angry at myself. I don't know how I can change so much for the worse. I want to scream and hit mirrors because I'm never going to be attractive. I'm just stuck looking at a monster of a reflection. My personality and body don't make up for it either.

My body is frumpy. My posture gets worse as I get uglier. I'm not skinny anymore. It won't magically make me pretty, anyways. The weight distributes so poorly on me as well.

The silly part is I have a boyfriend. He genuinely cares about me. But he never compliments my appearance. I even ask him to, and I never get comments. He's not attracted to me like a boyfriend should.
I don't see a point. I'm never going to marry because no one will love me enough for that. I'm never going to be able to date. I'm never going to be able to try on clothes and feel any confidence towards myself. I wake up to get ready every morning and start my day of loathing myself. I wouldn't even want to pass these genetics onto future kids.

I don't want to live. I don't want to live like this. I can't afford plastic surgery. I would rather die than go through life looking like this.
