29M looking for Best way to end it with girlfriend of 1 year before I commit my dreamCame here because I would like to hear opinions on best way forward. 


Been depressed for the last 12 or so years, I’m a 28M. I want to go through with it and end this existence. I’ve been relying on alcohol for the past 3 years (I get drunk maybe 5-6 days a week and only time I don’t it’s because of money issues). I am sick of my life and cannot deal with regret and past issues I’ve created: I’ve made a complete idiot of myself to childhood friends, showing up wasted every time and being really obnoxious and loud, to the point they look at me with pity. I hate my job, stuck in a 9-6 in an industry I absolutely fucking hate. Alcohol dominates me and I’ve made peace with it, I do not want to be here anymore. I hate seeing happy sober people, I hate humans they have caused so much pain in this world that the whole species is worthless and my dream is to not have to wake up anymore and be forgotten or not have to deal with anything anymore. And before you say this is childish:


As a millennial we are all fucked. Study hard for few years, get in debt, get a good office job, RENT forever because house prices are ridiculous and for what? Look at what we’ve done to the world and animals we are the worst thing that has happened in the history of this planet. I fucking hate seeing happy humans, putting high value on life and living, I fucking hate you so much. I can’t even look at them anymore.


Anyways, to the point: I’ve been saying my girlfriend for 1 year and a few months, she moved countries to be with me and it’s been great. But my mental health cannot be fixed and all I think is about getting really loaded, taking benzos and shoot myself or jump from a bridge. I am a complete loser and want to never wake up again. What is the best way to leave my girl as to not leave her traumatised? Be honest and say my plans? Break up because I don’t see me living past more than a few months? Or what is the best way to proceed I have no fucking clue. As soon as we are done I will go on a few weeks bender and then accomplish my dream for the past 10 years; to not have to deal with anything anymore and explode my head.

Thanks for the feedback

PS: not looking for support please, just advice from someone else of the same species.