Daily pain and I can't live like this anymoreI don't want to die.  I want to live.  But I don't want to live in pain anymore every fucking day.  Nothing works.  Well, pot works.. but it's illegal in my state and I have kids.  

I had a close call recently with my stupid teenager, she's been sneaking out, doing all sorts of drugs and basically being a horrible shitty person.  She recently got picked up by the police for being out in the middle of the night high as fuck.  She threw me under the bus, said she stole the weed from me and told them that because I vape marijuana for my pain, that it 'triggers' her and that she's an addict.  

So, we had to throw it all out.  I have nothing left to help me.  Today is my first day without it, and I honestly just am done.  I can't do this anymore.  I can't afford prescription medication, and I don't have insurance.  I have tried every single fucking thing on the sidebar of r/migraine.  I've had tests.  Ive seen specialists.  Ive applied for disability (denied).  I can't do this, this isn't life.  

As for the pot.  I risked a lot to grow it, I was desperate and at the point I'm at now, so I figured it would lose me nothing to try.  It works, it gave me my life back, in almost 40 years I've never been pain free like this.. and now it's gone.  We can't move to a legal state.  It's not an option due to my ex having visitation with our son, and he's a fucking narcissitic asshole who won't consent to us moving (already have asked, he would love it when I die so he 'wins').  

This morning I applied for insurance thru healthcare.gov (obamacare or ACA or whatever you want to refer to it as), and the cheapest plan is almost $600/mo with a $12,000 deductible for EVERYTHING including prescriptions and Dr visits.  I would have to pay $1k/mo to get a plan that covered medications without that stupid deductible.  WTF.  

Copy/paste from the 'results' page when I applied today:  

Based on the information provided, you would be eligible for free or low cost health care through (state removed) Medicaid.
However, the state of (state) has chosen not to offer you this health coverage at this time.

You won't owe a fee for not having health coverage. This is because of your income, and because the state of
(state) declined to expand (state) Medicaid to cover individuals in your situation. When you file your tax return,
you'll need to enter the Exemption Certification Number (ECN) shown in the "Results" column below.

So, if you try to be a contributing member of society, you can just fuck off and die without healthcare.  If you don't even try, then here ya go, everything is now free!!!  What the fucking hell??

FUCK EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ASSHOLES WHO VOTED NOT TO EXPAND MEDICAID.  Fuck you all.  We are not freeloaders.  My husband works his ass off.  Full time plus overtime.  For $13 an hour.  He can't even afford to get his wife medical care.  I am a burden on my family now, AGAIN.  I can't do this.  I don't even know why I'm posting in this fucking sub, Idk what I'm doing here.  I just can't do this, not after I've had a glimpse into what my life could be like without crippling daily pain.  
