Fuck20 years old - no job, no girlfriend, three friends that I never see in person.  I don't know if I'm a virgin or not as my own father is the only real sexual experience I have (I was a child), outside of kissing a girl who turned out to be the ultimate reason for my downfall as human being.  Since her lies and manipulative ways (three years ago), I've become a heartless, miserable, antisocial, and lonely piece of shit who only wants to see her and everyone else who has ever harmed me fail/die.  I'm more concerned with their demise than my own success.  I live out of spite.  I want to become someone great just so I can look down at these pieces of shit and laugh, but I am afraid that won't happen.  I'm a failure so far.

I have aspirations in music but I can't write a song to save my life.  I've never even played a show.  I go to school and do really well, but it doesn't mean shit to me because I don't want anything to do with my degree.  It feels like the door is closing on me, and in turn, I'll be stuck working a 9-5 job that makes me want to shoot myself even more.  I'm funny, attractive (outside of my fucked teeth that my parents are going to spend a billion dollars on), and a good writer and singer, but none of this seems to matter.  Everyone my age is passing me in this race to success and happiness with their stupid relationships, jobs, and shit.  Yeah, I'm bitter.  They live life while my bum ass never goes out and barely knows how to use the bank or basic shit like that.  

I'm just really tired of daydreaming and wanting to be someone else.  I'm tired of having dreams about that fucking bitch who used and destroyed my sorry ass three years ago.  I'm tired of feeling like I have no purpose to anyone or anything.  I'm tired of being lost, and I'm scared that I'm not scared of what I've become.  I feel like I'm living in a movie where my character arc is to go from the good to the bad guy.  Like the man in black in Westworld, or something like that.  I don't know.  I just wish I could feel love again.  Anyway, I'm off to write a paper for school.  Hope a truck flies through my window and takes me out lmao.