Everything feels hopelessFirst off, I'm sorry to bother anyone with this. I don't know how to start talking about what I feel because I'm terrified but, hey, with where I'm at, it doesn't really matter anymore, does it?

I feel like there's no point in trying to keep on living. I feel like I am destined to fail at everything I do, whether it's about making life choices or relationships of any kind. From the start of my life to this exact moment, every waking moment feels like a mountain of despair, I can't even remember a single good moment of my short life. I haven't even had the chance of knowing what a family is like, my childhood has been ruined by my mother, it feels like she robbed me of any chance of growing up like a normal child. Now that I think of it, she is still trying to haunt me even though she's not living with me anymore.
When it comes to the subjects of friends, I have some. But I feel so lonely despite that, it feels like they're close to me but i can't talk about what I feel, not again, I don't want to burden more than I already did in the past.
When it comes to school, well I don't really know what to say, I guess the people there hated for some reason, although I've come to accept that, looking back at it, it's not like I deserved better, and I still don't, this is probably why people avoid me now.
Now that I think of it, everything started to fell meaningless back in high-school, since then, the only thing I desire is to fall asleep and not wake up the next day, or any day for that matter.
I'm just rambling at this point, or maybe "venting" is the word, I don't know. 
Well, at least I can say that after high-school and me staying home for 2020, foolishly hoping that I can get to uni and succeeding. I can say that I've come to the decision that I need to finish my life. 
Once again, sorry for wasting everyone's time. Whether it is with this post, or all the person that have found themselves in my life at one point or another. What a waste of space I am, why am I even
Well, to finish this, I "hope" I can get up during the evening or this night and finally do what should have been done a while ago and not fail pathetically like the previous times. 
Au revoir à tous.