Suicide is the Obvious ChoiceI want to commit suicide because I am ultimately lonely and bored. If I don't kill myself I am afraid that I will harm others or live with this pain until I die alone and insane. Years after recognizing my depression, I've concluded that my problem is not with finding worth in myself as much as in the world around me. 
 
Unless I'm working on something, its like my mind is dry and my brain is itching. Being around most people for longer than an hour at a time is like being starved and having to run cross-country. The only two friends I have are rare folk but even among them I feel like I'm trying to communicate with aliens. Romantic companionship is out of the question. My last girlfriend broke up with me for religious reasons, and it wasn't until I spiraled further into depression that I realized that for however intelligent or special for a girl she was, I would likely never find romance without finding my partner to just be a daily dose of oxytocin. 
 
I meet regularly with my psychiatrist to adjust my medicine and a university counselor for my social problems, but I am still worried about my mental health beyond the obvious depression. My hobbies change monthly, one day I will be starting an ambitious software project and days later, thousands of lines of code into a program I will be frustrated and delete everything. I wrote a bunch of music, started recording it, then suddenly the passion is gone and I'm seeking something else. I could go on about this pattern for about 4 years worth of activities. I experimented with cutting recently to no avail. I've had 2 visual hallucinations and have had one occasion of hearing voices in the last two months. My mind is trapped in my body and I feel like I am watching a bad movie that has lost its novelty, and I want to turn it off. Sometimes I believe that I'm being observed in a behavioral experiment. I want to tell people about these feelings but I'm worried about the repercussions and the loss of personal freedoms I might have that goes with such a disclosure.  
 
In my mind I feel like there are "factions", one of them with a fading desire to survive this and live a fulfilling "normal" life somehow, but the rest of me keeps telling that this is impossible. Cannabis has been the only medicine I feel that works, but for every 5 or so hours of bliss, I feel like I don't exist for a day afterwards.  
 
Any advice? 