Chronic illness for over a year. I can't do this anymoreI feel really awful right now; sorry if this is barely coherent.

In late December 2015, I was diagnosed with H. pylori after repeatedly going to the doctor's with bowel issues and heartburn (supposedly; antacids never helped the chest burning) and given the Hp-Pac antibiotic therapy. I felt great for about a week after... And then everything went to shit (literally and figuratively) in January 2016. I still haven't recovered, and I feel worse than I did before I took the antibiotics. My mental and physical health completely tanked.

I can't eat any of the foods I used to like without bowel issues, indigestion, or both. No ground meat, no curry, no garlic (powder or fresh), no mushrooms, no potatoes, no marshmallows, can't let my food contact onions, etc... I never used to have problems with those foods. My diet is super bland now because everything makes me feel sick and I'm terrified of trying anything new.

I've been to the ER (found nothing), a naturopath (bad side effects from everything), and my family doctor, who keeps saying "it's post-antibiotic IBS" and told me to "be less stressed". I sure love having an incurable, horribly painful garbage diagnosis that leaves me in awful pain and makes me feel sick every day!!!! :)

I'm on a waiting list for an appointment with a GI specialist, but I don't know how long it'll be before I can get in or if they'll even find anything.

My periods never used to cause me trouble beyond heavy bleeding, but now I get a whole host of gut issues whenever it starts. It's also insanely heavy (I can barely move for the first 2 days), and it leaves me with anemia so bad that iron pills don't scratch it.

I can't take BC pills because estrogen either makes me suicidal or feel sick, and I have crippling emetophobia (fear of stomach sickness-- I can't type the V word). I'm only 22, so I doubt I could get my uterus removed. I've never been ""okay"" with getting periods; I've been wishing that I could get a hysterectomy since I was 12. It's always made me upset and extremely uncomfortable, and there's nothing I can do.

I've seen a chiropractor, and my entire abdomen is one big soft tissue adhesion. Every muscle in my body hurts and I can't exercise anymore. My muscle tension and adhesions are so bad that my throat &amp; diaphragm keep freezing and preventing me from swallowing food some days.

I'm so sick and tired of these problems that I would really, truly rather be dead. I have to be super careful about what I eat, my shitty periods are unavoidable and come every month, everything hurts all the time, and I'm so tired and scared and there's no cure for anything. 

I've lost interest in all of the things I used to enjoy, my drive for everything is gone, I'm not sleeping well, my whole body is in pain, and I don't have anything to look forward to. Sure, there are things that are kind of nice, but I'm still going to feel sick and exhausted.

I know it's stupid to get suicidal because "it's just bowel difficulties" and "every woman gets bad periods :)", but I don't want to live anymore if I have to deal with periods every month and constant bowel problems. I never used to have these problems; those stupid antibiotics completely fucked me up and now I'll never get my life back. 

My doc wants me to take Prozac, but I'm terrified after taking 50mg of Sertraline (generic) in February 2016-- hallucinations, stomach bleeding, severe abdominal pain and nausea (almost made me kill myself because of emetophobia), panic attacks, and nonstop tremors. I'm not risking that (or worse) again.

Honestly, I think my emetophobia (not going to try ODing; I'm more scared of sickness than death) and fear of pain are the only things keeping me from killing myself. I've talked to my parents, and we're trying to work on getting my life back, but progress is *extremely* slow and there's no end in sight.

My parents keep saying I'm strong and they love me, but love isn't going to make the pain go away. Love doesn't cancel out the fact that 1 week of antibiotics permanently ruined the rest of my life. Love doesn't make life worth living if I feel so sick I want to die every day. My whole family has been stressed out for the past year because of me, and I feel horrible about it, but I can't ~miraculously be positive~ when I constantly feel sore and sick from an incurable Mystery Illness.

If I can find a painless way to kill myself, I'm going to be very tempted. I can't deal with this anymore.