It's so hard to die when you want to, while the people who just want to live can'tReading all the stories here, so similar or so different from mine. We want something better for ourselves. Be it love, death, satisfaction, a purpose, economical stability. I think none of us want to settle for what we've been forced to become by circumstances, environment, people, society. We do care about ourselves somehow, personally I feel sorry watching myself being in this pain, being what I don't want to be and being forced to just be this. Nothing better. So what's the point? I don't want to be what I'm forced to be anymore, I'd rather die than settle for any of this and just wait watching how I loose myself endlessly, inevitably. If I can't change any of this how I wish to what's the point? If things are not hard then it's not worth it? Fuck that. At some point it makes you weaker, not stronger. It literally fucks up your brain, your qualities, being able to do anything normal or considered by others easy. It all becomes hard, hard, hard, to the point of being unbereable. I deserve to just relax and enjoy something too without having to struggle. We all deserve that. Sometimes it's like I absorb only the pain and desperation from others, because I can get that. Sometimes I wish I could take all the pain away from this world. I can't bear to see someone suffer, imagining their stories, what led them to that. I can't bear to feel and see myself like this. I'm the one who stays with myself 24/7, no escape, I'm the only one who saved myself from drugs, from really bad choices, I've been my own savior. Just to be like this now? Fuck that. I can't be that strong anymore. Things should be easier. Easy allows us to think of something better, that it's possible, truly. If I live 80% of my life in pain no matter what my age is why should I think of something better in the future? I don't get the all positivity be happy with what you have state of mind. What really makes us slaves to the conditions we're forced to live is the lack of choice for whatever reason. Not being able to get our, own, personal relief, serenity, happiness, love right away, without having to struggle so damn much. Why can't it just be easy? I see people that have everything I could ever want still considering suicide. Because we wish something better for oursleves than just doing and being what's dictated by whoever or whatever thinks that's what would make us happy. Like we're forced to be happy with what we have, otherwise it makes us bad, and if we don't feel guilty we're just pieces of shit. Should we feel lucky just when we compare ourselves to others having it worse? Fuck that too. I agree with so many statements here. We should be able to choose at least when and how to die, when we want to, but life is unfair until the end, equally no matter the social/economic situation, life sucks the same for whoever just wants to die (I just had one of the biggest dejavus, I wish it could help to know what's going to happen next lol). It's been two months since the only relief I get is when I think this, all this will end. Isn't it enough to be sure you want to die? Things might get better the second after I'm dead, I might regret it just because of the temporary, biggest phisical pain I'm in that would make me appreciate anything, because of the consequences I might get just worsening my situation, I don't think that's a good enough reason for wanting to live. It's forced, it's a lie. Just because you can't die for sure, you're forced to live. I wish we had guns here. And even people who shot themselves couldn't die. Imagine the frustration. "If you really want to die you find a way", yeah, I want to die, not to live worse than before, otherwise I would have been dead two months ago. If I get access to only one particular method, I'll end up using that, until something works. It's so hard to die when you want to, while the people who just want to live can't. If I can't get what I want I'd rather die. I'm selfish, I'm horrible, I don't care, I want to be dead. I'm tired. Fuck if I'm tired of myself. Phisically and mentally. I even considered paying someone to kill me, provoking the cops to shoot me, but I know it's not realistic. I can't bear to see myself going crazy like this.