I promised to kill myself this weekI told myself if I didn't feel better by my 20th birthday I would kill myself. My 20th birthday is in one week. This is the week I told myself I would die. I was in an intensive hospital program for mental health the past few months and I still feel extremely shitty. I refuse to take my meds because I don't want them in my body. I am extremely self conscious and will not let medicine ruin my body. I was bullied throughout middle school and high school about my looks and I just cant. My current friends talked so much crap behind my back last semester but I'm still their friends because once I isolate, the suicidal thoughts consume me. My sisters talks crap about me and they've admitted it to my face. They said they would never love me. My parents don't like me. I deserve it though. I deserve everything bad to happen to me. I am a horrible person. I know if you knew me you wouldn't like me. I've been like this since as long as I could remember, I was always fucked up. Dying is really easy, as long as you compress the right arteries (through hanging). I tied to noose today. I tested it out in my parents bathroom. It's strong enough to hold my body weight. I put it around my neck and tugged a bit. It felt so good, but I quickly took it off because I knew it was an effective noose. I looked at it for so long but can't get myself to do it. I don't fear dying,  I fear surviving. The idea that I might survive and be disabled scares me. I just want an end. I don't deserve to live and I'm a bad person, I'm a vermin, I'm a pest. My dad just told me I'm a fucking bitch and a druggie ( I dont even do drugs but he always calls me that) I do smoke weed but he doesnt even know about it.  I used to self medicate with weed but i dont as much any more. i just want it to end. My dad is right. Everyone is right. Im a bad person. I feel better knowing my noose is efficient. I'vcve been feeling like this so long. But take my word for it when i tell u i am actually bad. Im so bad my parents used to have to beat me up to keep me in line. They never used to lay a finger on my sisters But they always deny that it happened so im confused. Im a baby.I just want it to end. I want it all to end. I want everything to end. I hate myself. I hate myself so much, I dont deserve to live. i hate myself. i hate myself. i hate myself i hate myself i hate myself i hate myself i hate myself i hate life i hate life i feel like this is the end