If there's no cure for PTSD, I don't want to live anymore.I've had PTSD for basically my entire life due to severe abuse as a child. I've had times where my symptoms haven't been as bad, and I take a medication that has helped so much by stopping the nightmares. But I've never been free of the symptoms. I've tried everything. I've tried therapy, medication, SSRIs, anti-anxiety medication, yoga, and I've gone back to therapy multiple times. But I'm still broken.

I still get panic attacks. I still get flashbacks. And I am worthless and I hate myself. I've never not felt worthless, I've never not hated myself. And when people talk about sex or things related to it, I feel scared and sad and sometimes get panicky. Like I know on a logical level that's a normal thing people think is safe or even happy, but to me it's the worst thing that exists and it's terrifying. Sometimes it triggers flashbacks, or panic attacks. And I'm still afraid of men. And whenever I see fathers with daughters, my immediate thought is, she's in danger. And I know I'm broken. So I understand why I don't have anyone who cares about me, because I don't even care about me. I'm worthless and damaged and everything I say and do is wrong. I have no one in my life. I don't have one single person. I don't have family(bc they're abusive &amp; out of my life). I don't have friends. Every friend I've ever had, I ruined the friendship. I'm always the one asking for help and support, never the one being helpful and supportive. I'm like a poisonous horrible leech. I take and give nothing back except for disasters and storms and tears. And who wants someone like that in their life? I don't blame anyone for giving up on me or throwing me away. I'm bad for people, and everyone who has ever cared about me would have been better off if they had never met me. I don't want to be around me either.

I don't want to die, but I don't want to live like this. And I've never been free of it, I've never seen the world or myself the way healthy people see the world and see themselves. I cannot continue to live if I know that I will never be 100% cured of PTSD and be able to live like a normal healthy human. I can't do this anymore. I can't.