I'm nothing and I won't have anything enjoyable in my life.Firstly, I'm sorry for my bad English but I'm not a native speaker. 

So, I'm 18 years old boy and I've been planning to commit suicide for couple of months. I would probably do it already, if not the fact, that I doesn't want to hurt my mother and my friend. 

Maybe you're wondering why such a young lad like me is willing to do that. Well, I would rather ask: Why shouldn't I? There is no happiness for me, now or in the future. I think every person consciously or unconsciously is seeking for happiness, so what's the point of living where there is no hope for me, to be a happy man. I don't know if happiness isn't destined for me or I just not capable enough to reach it, but does it really matter? There's is not a good thing waiting for me, period.

Everyone perceive happiness as a different thing. For me, happiness comes from social interactions and from making different people happy. It may sound a little bit ironic, considering the fact, that I have to cope with terrible anxiety, general akwardness and introversion. Maybe that's the reason why I want to commit suicide, happiness for me, comes from a thing that I'm not able to do. 

I was thinking about becoming an writer. That's a way, right? People will enjoy my books and everything will be fine. Well, there's the problem, I'm not good enough, to make it work. Although I enjoy writing, what's the fucking point, if it doesn't reach wider public?

Secondly, I know it my sound kind of cheesy, but I don't think I can reach happiness without having a girlfriend. And, for me, having someone like that is not, almost impossible, it is just impossible. There are various reasons for that:

\- I'm ugly and overweight

\- I'm shy and introvertic

\- I'm bad at having conversations

\- I'm kind of a weirdo (I don't like generic music and stuff)

\- etc.

It is so painful for me that no women will ever love me, it's so fucking painful, man. And it's really not about sex, I don't give a fuck about sex, I can quickly jerk off and all of my lust is gone. It's about love and everything that comes with that.

For the end I'm just gonna say, wish me, that someday I will gain enough braveness to finally jump off the bridge.