Just have to say it to someone. I just feel I should at least say this to one person, just so one person knows.

I've been depressed for a long time and I've been on medication for about 4 years (celexa sucked now on zoloft) and I always told the few people that knew I sometimes felt suicidal that I would try, that I would give it a go for them because they cried at the thought of it and because I wanted to try and have a good time and experience life.

Long story short, I got abused and raped and other horrific stuff when I was 9, by my cousin, I didn't tell anyone until I was 17. My family dynamic is kinda weird, no one talks to each other about anything important, it's all worthless surface chat, I couldn't tell them so I told a friend, well I told her about the self harm first (had been going on for years) and that kinda led to my childhood. 

She was amazing and helped and talked me out of hurting myself when I was just in this shitty twilight of letting things out that I'd never let myself feel before. I told my mum a year later when I was 18 and all she did was ask me if I wanted him to do it and if I liked it so it was never mentioned again after that conversation. My friend convinced me to get therapy and I had it for a while a while but, I had to leave the best therapist in the world because I moved, I found another one I couldn't trust and I eventually gave up.  

I've not been in therapy for a year, I went to a psychiatrist because they thought I was bipolar, apparently I'm not. Things have gone downhill so fucking fast, the Zoloft changed my life and things were so good and I felt like I didn't need a purpose, I just loved being here, I've just fallen into this fucking disgusting hole. I cut and I needed stiches which I didnt get, I just feel worthless. I feel like no one and I've got no one I can talk to and I thought I did. Everyone asked me to open up, to tell, to tell them and to tell people, to make it easier for me, to keep telling people and it would get easier somehow. And now I have this fucking huge can of worms that I opened with the promise of it being alright and now the can is still open and it's been nearly 4 years and it's not alright, and now my friends aren't here anymore, now I don't have anyone and my head is filling with those thoughts that I had before. I know how I'll do it, I know where I'll do it the question is just when I'll do it. 

I know suicide is the last option but everything I do and everything I don't do hurts me, makes me feel guilty and causes a shit load of pain that I can't feel without wanting to end this and the only way to feel different is to try and work my childhood through but it hurts when you do that and you need people to help otherwise you'll get overwhelmed and just do it. It's so fucking horrible just to **imagine** that that happened to me let alone acknowledge that it actually did. 

I just feel like the time is coming I think about it more and more and I cut to try and make the feelings less strong and I pretty much smoke green every day to try and dull it but depression is a strong black cloud and I'm just tired. 

I'm so sorry this is so long. Thanks if you read it, I needed to say it. 