I just want to disappear.I have everything going for me, or so everyone thinks. Everyone says how great it must be to be 6’1. Like yeah, if you like standing out everywhere you go. It’d be nice if I was the guy that stands out because he’s Chris Hemsworth’s twin. Obviously, I wouldn’t be posting if I was. My forehead slopes oddly. My nose is crooked and the bridge is oddly rounded. It’s not exactly a strong Roman nose, which is the only type of nose that I could conceivably pull off with the current state of my face (though it’d be better if I had the same sort of straight Nordic nose that the rest of my family has). It’s sort of shaped like a rounded out Larry David sort of Jewish nose with a kind of normal tip. When I smile, my nose rounds itself out and turns down a little. My chin looks alright from the side, but obviously my profile is fucked. My chin is also kind of thin, so from the front or any non-perpendicular angle it looks weak. I’m skinny everywhere but parts of my face, causing my jawline to sort of disappear. I also have pectins excavatum, a condition that causes my ribs to turn in and become a divot in the center of my chest. I’m trying to fix it to some degree through constant chest exercise, but I don’t know how much it can be helped. The worst part is, before the age of 10, I was easily the cutest kid in any setting. Then I slowly just got more grotesque over time. My parents and grandparents are all super attractive, so it kinda just stings more when we take family pictures and I stick out. My body is built like the most anorexic athlete out there, even though I eat over 5,000 calories regularly. I’m also that popular kid that isn’t popular, if you know what I mean. Everyone at school acts like they like me, and I hang out with the jocks because they think I’m funny. I spent this entire year pretending to be dumb as fuck and cracking jokes just to get a girl’s attention, and as soon as I was 100% sure she liked me back, she turned me down and her friend cried because she had a crush on me and I didn’t really like her back. Then, my friend takes me out to cheer me up, and this girl’s friend somehow manage to find and berate me for not dating her. Now one of my oldest friends is moving to Texas, another one of my best friends is becoming a full alcoholic and spent some time in a mental ward for trying to kill himself, and I literally haven’t spoken to a person my age in like a week because I’m pretty sure that I’m just bothering everyone when I text them. I see them all hanging out together, and it just burns. Suicide is always in the back of my mind, but I don’t want to make my parents/dog/sister sad. I also have this recurring daytime nightmare  of my mom crying while cleaning up my blood. The whole quarantine thing is just driving me a little bit crazier, and now I’m suicidal because I’m afraid of being suicidal. Sui-ception.