I Have Run My CourseTo put it short, I never really struggled in life emotionally at all until college. I now face academic dismissal and, depending on how things go, may have lost financial aid, permanently removing my shots of getting back into this dream University. What I face afterwards isn't a life I want...let me explain...

I grew up in an ignorant city that tries to be a good-ole-southern town, falling short due to skewed views of what a small town is and how it operates. There is little-to-no opportunity there to begin with. Soon after being dismissed from my university, the $40,000 I own in loans will kick in, negating my ability to even try again any time soon with Community College or Trade School. This price tag wouldn't have been a problem as I was on track to graduate with an Engineering degree from a very reputable school. But now, this causes me to have to find more than one job to hope to pay it off in the next SEVERAL years. Not only are these loans tied to me, but also to my mother. While I wish I didn't have sympathy for her, seeing as she is, per her usual philosophy of "you may remain living at home if you're in college" I am most likely going to be kicked from my own home with zero adult experience, I do. It affects us both.

So not only am I to suddenly be thrown into the adult world, no longer at home, nearly unable to return to a school for a long time, and $40,000 in debt, I am also on the Autism spectrum (Asperger's) and have awful ADHD. Outside of people skills, the only other true talent or ability I had was Mathematics. Upon graduation, my plan was to either go on into the biomedical field to play my part in the progression of our understanding of the human body and the structures we can build to assist OR to get a master's in education to teach. My philosophy for education was that if I am not cut out to be that life-changing Engineer, I'd be just as honored to be the critical educator of someone who is. However, I no longer have the ability to return to college for a long time now. Being who I am with the "oh so wonderful" gifts in my mind from birth, I am not cut out for most careers. I have only ever had one job. Now, during a time where I am experiencing the worst mental and physical health of my life, I must go home to this small, no-opportunity town and find a job. 

However, I don't want to do this. I know I literally can't. I am too clumsy and a little below average in common sense, making most trades and tech careers pointless (on top of not having time anymore with $40,000 breathing down my neck). I am not brave and am disgusted at the idea of people joining the military for reasons that aren't the longing to defend the nation (i.e, debt). I don't have a path or a plan. All the applicable skills I have are nothing now. 

Looking back, nothing beyond the end of 2016 has been worth seeing. Family members have died or drifted further from me. Friends have done the same due to separation and having their own lives. I have accrued massive amounts of debt with nothing to show for it. I am to be lacking a vehicle through all of this. 

As someone with the mental set backs that I have now in the position I am due to dismissal, I feel I have run my course. The years of my life worth seeing have passed. They were incredible and those years I wouldn't trade for the world...but now, there isn't anything more to see. I am not going to have an impact beyond being a lowly employee somewhere, desperately trying function as an adult while paying off loans. With the town I'm going back do, once my mother has booted me, it will be done alone. There is nothing, since 2016, that I would say is worth living through to get to where I am now and where I am going.

I am working at my university for the last month doing research. I often go to this rocky cliff over water, ADHD medication in-hand, waiting for the day that both my mind and my body are ready to drift off. It is best this way. Family will think it a mistake, if my body is even found. The friends from home and at my former University are all not going to see me again anyways. My mind and body are too-far rotted to recover while having to juggle all this permanent change at once. I wouldn't have to struggle another day in my life. 

I haven't had the notion to jump or OD yet. I do hope to before the summer is up as this would be the optimal time to lay myself to rest for everyone. Less pain for family, less strife for me. 

I've run my course. It has been a fine life. Would've been a-okay had illness or an accident struck me down a couple years ago, but I don't regret being born. I got to be born into a wonderful family. Meet some incredible people. Experience the senses and sensations of being alive in a physically okay body, something plenty of people never get to. I got to live through the lives of my grandparents. I learned who I was. 

I have run my course. 