Was my life a lie?Am I okay to forgive myself? Am I allowed to forgive myself? Was everything in the past just a dream? Did it really happen?  Was what happened to me really what happened? I started to have so much self doubt on who I am, I’ve disassociated myself everytime a “truama” happens so I can keep myself sane but i was weak and tried to kill myself twice and failed and now I feel like a part of me dies on the inside everytime something happens and I’m just not strong enough. I’ve finally managed to move away from where I thought my problems were. I was happy and then suddenly every trauma I’ve ever written down, anything I remember experiencing, just makes me feel like it was all a lie. It was all just made up....Exaggerated. Im weak. Was I always in the wrong? Was my trauma real? Am I just really an selfish AH like my family (not my parents but everyone else) said I was? Am I really who I say I am? I feel like my race (Asian) has never once been good for me. If you end up reading to the end. Thank you.

I grew up being told, never tell anyone what happens in the home, it’s been ingrained in me since I was a child. I don’t know even know if I’ll post this as I already have several posts sitting in drafts from the days when I’m just sitting on the edge. I can recognize that because of this, I don’t know how to open up to people, I do everything on my own and I don’t talk about my personal life. 

I grew up being told, any mental problems (depression, anxiety, ocd, etc) was just a state of mind and it was all made up. It doesn’t exist because it’s not allowed to exist in an Asian family. 

I grew up being told, in front of people I must always smile, always be happy and always pretend nothing is wrong. So I smiled. I socialized. I became the social butterfly that “successful people” have the skill for. I eventually reached a point a few years ago, where I couldn’t keep living a lie and I tried to kill my self, I tried to make it look like an unfortunate free climbing accident. Needless to say I fell 4 stories and I lived, I have fucked up knees and some memory problems but I lived. 

I grew up being told I was always wrong. I am the youngest of my immediate family. And between my cousins, I’m just a few months younger then the oldest cousin(let’s call her Olivia) on my moms side. No one would ever listen to what I say. My opinion was never valid, it was always wrong. No one ever explained to me why. I was just accused of being a terrible child. I was just always called stupid and fat. Olivia accuses me of stealing her stuff one day. That was it, I wasn’t allowed to have a defence, I was either to give her the stuff I stole back or I gave her all of my stuff, I fought it and said I didn’t touch it but no one beleived me, I was just told day in and day out, that I’m a horrible human being and that I should just give up and be honest that way they’ll give me all my stuff back. No one believed me. My extended family had labeled me a lost cause, the black sheep, a selfish asshole. 

My sibling would call me names, for as long as I can remember and anything you can imagine, I’ve heard it all, this was for the sake of “building character” “building tolerance”. I was called fat, fatass, fat shit, etc, whenever i ate, I stopped eating and ate in secret, hid food. Whenever I was about to go outside, I was called ugly, disgusting, slob, grubby, right before I left the house. No matter what I did or said I was always wrong and someone will always be above me and that I should suck it up and acknowledge that I’m forever her or someone’s slave. We have a 5 year age difference. In grade 4-6, Part of my “sibling slave duty” was my entire focus was doing their grade 9-12, homework, assignments, book reports. All for the sake of “so I can have some intelligence and stop being so stupid and asking dumb questions like why”

I enjoyed learning new things but I defiantly did not enjoy school itself. I was always bullied. The first school I went too, I was bullied by the teacher for being Asian (they had a separate classroom for ESL students but I was a born citizen). this teacher one day told me “I’ll grant you one wish if you can beat me in this game, but if I win I get one wish” everyone was picking on me and this was during class time, the option of “no” didn’t exist, the board game was already being brought out. I lost. I had to wear a big sign saying I lost to the teacher and I had to go around with the teacher to every classroom and have every teacher in the school sign it. I was bullied even more after that. I was physically beat up and consistently pushed down stairs.  
Thankfully we moved to move from a small appartment to a townhouse. I started at a new school. But the new school was just as bad just less violent. I was made fun of for being the only Asian and was called every racist term you can think of. 

Eventually I hated learning. Anything I learned I was always compared. Either my sibling is saying it or some other extended family member. 
-Piano? Oh Olivia is taking piano and she’s quite good, to bad you’re not as good. 
Violin? Because you suck at the piano? Well Olivias younger sister can play the violin beautifully.
Art: oh your sibling does art fantasicly, why can’t you draw as nice as she does? 
-Grades: Why not 100? Why not an A? Olivia gets As why do you get Bs and Cs? Your sibling used to get As too. 
-Chinese school: Oh you don’t know how to read? Olivia knows how to read. 

Anything I’ve tried it was “oh this person is better then you so give up” or I was told by my sibling, that I’m just a waste of space and my value of my existence doesn’t go up just because I’m learning something new, in fact I was just wasting time and money. 

I couldn’t retain friends. I didn’t make friends in elementary school. And in high school, that proved difficult. I became the social butterfly but I could never really connect with whoever I was talking too. It just felt like empty words and empty praises. It took a turn for the worse when I was raped by someone who I though was a friend. “I was asking for it”, you should know what “night out with the boys really mean “.  It was my fault. I burned every bridge I had in high school.

Eventually I get to college, I wasn’t allowed to pick anything outside the city so I was still living at home with the sibling still there, harassing me and calling me names and summoning “her slave” to do her bidding. I had to find work, i had to pay for my own stuff, i had to pay for my own bills, i for some reason was conditioned to pay for all of my siblings bills and whims. One of my jobs I worked as a server. I regret taking the closing shift alone. I was swooped up into the back of a truck, after the male trash had their fun, I was thrown out the back like a garbage bag hitting the curb.  My work money was just used up when I got my pay check, “oh don’t you remember I bought you this for your birthday well you owe me” -sibling.  During college my second job i got into teaching (privately without a teachers license) where I thought I wanted to be. I wanted to be a teacher...maybe? I started teaching, I was great at first, I inspired some students and I was threatened by some other students and their parents. I stopped teaching when I was asked to work 40 hours a week and be paid for 25 hours, and to buy laptops for the the students I was teaching since the company couldn’t afford it. This was already on top of my other full time job (40 hours and my other part time (20 hours). 
I was working 3 jobs (two teaching, one food service), 7 days a week, 14 -16 hour days&amp;nights, with my full time school load on top of that. My day would just be me waking up from 2 hour sleep, going to school, struggle to stay away in my classes, go to job 1, go to job 2, shower, sleep, repeat. Weekends would be, go to job 3, go home, continue to work on course development and grading, go to job 1, go home, sleep. 

In that horrid mess of my life, in high school, I manage to meet someone (same age as me). He became independent for me. He knows I only wished to live with him and he always says he just wants me to be happy. So he did everything and worked hard for 6 years to make that happen and luckily just before COVID and quarantine happening. Since i was quarentining with, I was happy, or I think that’s what happiness was but now I feel like an empty shell. Some days, I feel like I’m just a burden and that I’m just weighing him down from what he could really succeed in life. I just feel like I don’t deserve any of this. Countless times I’ve stood on the balcony of our appartment and just contemplating on ending this life of mine. I’m currently unemployed. I don’t make any money, I don’t have hobbies and I don’t have a passion in anything. I’m not contributing anything to society. I’m just a waste of space of a broken human being and someone more successful could just take my place. On top of that, what has really been pushing me over the edge, my family suddenly became nicer to me after finding out I had a boyfriend and I ran off to him. They have been suddenly really friendly asking me to come visit home more and I’m suddenly wondering if everything was a lie and if all this was just fabricated memories and that my family was right, I was just being a selfish entitled prick? I’m not sure what’s reality and what’s not anymore. I’m scared, I’m scared to seek help. I once tried the school’s “therapist” but she immediately sent the police and I ran off campus, somehow sexual assault truma and previous suicide attempts required armed police presences. So I can’t trust therapists, I don’t see the point in them if they are just going to call the police on me. Am I just invalid? I don’t think I deserve a place on this earth.

If you read this far. Thank you.