I lost my brother, here's how I feel.Long time lurker, first time poster on this sub.

I lost my brother back in December of 17' to a self-inflicted GSW. Let me tell you how it feels to be on the other side and the emotions that come along with it.

I received a phone call from my mother at 1AM to only fall on the floor in tears. My life had been forever changed, and there was nothing I could do to rewind time. My brother was 19 years old, and had such a life to live. The next two weeks were an absolute whirlwind. I can't even describe to you the emotions that come after seeing your brother, who was so full of life just three days prior, now laying in the funeral home preparing for his final physical days on this earth.

He didn't leave a letter, he wrote on a board, "I'm sorry," and that was it. There were so many questions that I will never get the answer to.

We cremated him as per his wishes, and the healing began..or so it tried to begin. I have a very strong headed family, we do not show weakness in any sense of the matter and push through every obstacle in our way. Let me tell you, a death in the family rocks you, but a suicide in the family absolutely shatters every emotion/logical sense you can imagine ever having. 

It's been eight months since I lost my brother, and the family is still shaken to the core. My parents are absolutely devastated, and are having troubles doing anything with a positive outlook in their lives. My sister is sick with an incurable (but controllable) disease, and is managing to get by day to day. 

I am the only family member not medicated, and I plan on keeping it that way. Someone has to try and keep the family afloat.

But let me tell you, this has NOT been easy on me. My sister, due to her illness has decided to get a hysterectomy and will no longer be able to have children. My brother is no longer with me, and that leaves me to continue the family name. To become accepting that I will never be an uncle, and will never have nieces and nephews is not the easiest thing in the world.

I am hurt, I am in pain, and I miss my brother. I miss him to the moon and back, and wish he would just come home. Every single day is another day without him, and I will forever have a void in my soul without him. I will have a melancholy that follows me around for the rest of my life. I will be 50% happy and 50% sad at all times forever. He will never see the birth of my child/children. He will not be at my wedding, and I don't get to have a BBQ at my new house with him. I don't get to take him out for his first (legal) beer, and spend the summers reminiscing about when we were kids.

The point of this post is this. You are loved, even though it may not seem like you are, there are people out in this world that care about you. Even in this sub. I cannot promise you that it will get better, but there are many many many resources out here to get help. If you are feeling like ending it all, take a breath. Talk to someone, reach out to the many resources at your disposal. We care about you, we love you, and we don't want to walk this earth without you.

**TLDR:** Brother passed, my world is still shattered eight months later. We love you, please don't go.