I recovered from depression, no longer suicidal, and I'm feeling great now.Over the past few weeks, a lot of dramas happened, at the speed I never expected. I went through a lot, random people kept harassing and doxxing me, telling me to kill myself, mocking at my origin and ethnicity, and at one point I couldn't take it anymore, so I had thoughts of suicide. I don't want to talk to my family to make them worry about me, so I seek help on reddit. Meanwhile, I also reached out to one of my close friends, and she gave me a lot of suggestions. Last 3 days, instead of browsing reddit, I spent more time doing things that can make me happy in real life. Tonight, I drove to Joshua Tree (a national park in Southern California) with my coworker, which is also my friend since we have a lot in common. I am trying to keep myself busy, so I won't spend too much time on Internet. On our way, we went to Costco, we didn't need anything, I still bought two books, although I haven't read any real books for the past 2\~3 years. Time to get myself cultured.

When we arrived at Joshua Tree, I was stunned. I came there only for the neowise comet, and I witnessed the most beautiful sky I've ever seen. I saw neowise comet, milky way, and thousands of stars. I've never seen anything like this in my life. Then I saw a meteor, again, first in my life, I was so excited that I screamed. I just stood there, watching the sky for 1.5 hours. At that point I realized life should be amazing like this. There are a lot of things I want to see, and suicide will take that away. Instead of worrying about random things on Internet, I should spent more time exploring the real world. I've never seen meteors before, and tonight I saw 3. Perhaps the sky is dropping hints for me to stay, and stay positive. So I made three wishes, one for the world, one for myself, and one for my family. I've never felt that refreshed before.

On our way back, my friend, who used to talk shit about my erratic driving behavior, complained I was driving too slow. I laughed. At least now I'm taking more responsibilities. I'm trying to change my life from all aspects, so I can be more proud of myself. I'm living in a city with most COVID cases in a state with most COVID cases in a country with most COVID cases, if that hasn't killed me, then why shall I kill myself? I'm too young to die, and this world has a lot to offer. Although I won't forget what happened in the past and how some people harassed me, I gotta keep going and focus on my brighter future, like the stars I saw tonight. Nature has healed my thoughts, and time will heal everything that made me suffer in the past. From now on, I will spend more time on meaningful things in real life, and I appreciate everyone for helping me getting through this during my most difficult times in the past few weeks. Sorry about the long post, thanks for listening.