I don't know how I feel about my multiple attempts not working.....I'm a little conflicted. Over 9 days I took a mix of ibuprofen and paracetamol with lots of alcohol, at least 40 each time and it's been 48hrs since my last attempt. It's made me sick with blood, unable to run anymore and I love running long distances even though I managed weights at the gym today, sore liver and kidneys, really sleepy, lightheaded and not remembering what I've been doing that much.

Basically I'm in an emotionally abusive relationship with my mum and I was staying at my dad's but he made me come home and the police were there and she reported my boyfriend saying he's domestic abusing me, which he's not. Over a year ago I burnt myself on steam of a kettle and she blamed it on him and showed the police an argument over 2yrs ago, which shows nothing!! This is the second time she called the police on him. We love each other so so much and she always tries to end us, she sent me away on his birthday once and banned him from 'her house' as she calls it, I clearly don't live here yet she wants all my uni money for 'rent'.

My boyfriend was told not to call me by the police and he knows about all my attempts, he's either rang an ambulance or told my friends. I don't know if he cares about me or wants me anymore. His mum told me to stay away from her own family and I make her household unstable and need to stop threatening suicide so basically I just need to do it.

A couple of my friends have put a plan together with weekly meetings and I have to fill stuff out to tell them how I feel and what's going on but I'd be happy if I had my boyfriend. Therapy doesn't help and when professionals know what iv'e done they just ramp up my meds.....

If i reported my mum as emotionally abusive would it change anything in the investigation or is it a separate crime or if it's even a crime at all? I'm 20 so no social services and it's why she gets away with it. She's manipulated my dad into not helping me with moving into a flat.

I want to just keep overdosing until it works but idk I want to be there when my boyfriend can be with me again, if he wants to.

Thanks if you at least read this......