I wish I wasn't like thisI never thought I'd work up the courage to post online but here I am I guess. I am simply a failure, I'm only 15, soon 16 but I am, I don't believe anybody who says otherwise. I was fine, about until I was 4 years old. When I went to daycare I could talk to the other kids perfectly, no trouble at all. When I started kindergarten, I remember going in with my dad and not wanting him to leave, that was always a problem for me, I got scared when my parents left me anywhere. It was different though, I just remember all the kids staring at me, it just did something. They were all just looking and ever since I became afraid of other people. I wouldn't even talk to anyone at the school, not even the teachers for a while, I just nodded or shook my head. I was very anti-social for a kid, I got mad when other kids went near me so I didn't make friends. I did in grade 1 and 2 somehow I guess, but they all moved away later. 

So I did my best at school, except for group projects, I couldn't speak and I always was afraid of being wrong and someone getting mad at me or about sounding stupid. I did really bad in math, I was good in english but only because I read chapter books instead of socialising. I also had pretty bad eyesight so I could never see what they taught on the smart board or chalk board. I bet my 9 year old cousin knows more about math than I do by now. I also might have adhd, my therapist thinks so but maybe I'm just lazy.

 My depression started at about 9 years old after my grandma passed away from cancer. I know I could have done nothing about her death but what I didn't do is what caused my depression to start. I avoided her, I didn't say goodbye and I was a terrible granddaughter, I was afraid, sure but how could I have just let her die like that without telling her I love her? I will never forgive myself for that, that is the worst thing I did. I was such an asshole. She was the sweetest, smartest, kindest woman I have ever known and I was too much of a damn coward to say goodbye to her. 
After that it all got out of control, I didn't care about how I looked, how I dressed, stopped taking care of myself, my anxiety got worse and life became way harder than it should be for someone my age, and it was my own fault too. My whole family is great, sure we have some fights but nothing like the things I have read on here. Yet I am too much of a coward, have too much anxiety, am too afraid to do a single thing. I wasn't the nicest person I guess, still working on that. 

Once in grade 5 or 6 I jumped off the school bus (before it started moving) and I had a fight with my dad, said some bad things, my anxiety was fear of looking stupid in front of other people and that is exactly what happened probably, I don't remember. Grade 7 sucked, I got diagnosed with ASD a year before and I had an EA (for the anxiety not autism) I tried being in classes but I couldn't focus, I was too afraid, the english teacher didn't really like me but the french teacher was nice. So it was okay but not as good as I wish it could have been. My EA changed schools the next year, I got a new one and she was nice but she just wasn't my old EA and I never got used to her, so I 'dropped' out. 

We tried online school but guess what? That gave me anxiety attacks and made me threaten suicide a lot, I wanted to, I just couldn't handle the pressure. My mom paid like 300 dollars or something and I was a selfish bitch. I can't handle anything. 

So I also have body image issues so I always made myself throw up when I felt fat, I was fat, I lost a bit of weight for no reason because I sure as hell didn't exercise anymore, 120-110 but I remember my dad saying before I was fat, not like he said it like that but it was implied, so I lost some more weight but I still feel fat because my mom always was obsessed with her diets and stuff, not targeted at me but I noticed and that was enough I guess. 

Grade 9 I did nothing, just lied in bed all day wishing I lived in the US so we could have a gun or that I lived in the city so I could jump off a rooftop. I could have done it on my other grandparents property but I would have ruined it for everyone so I will never do that there ever, it is such a beautiful place, I don't want to ruin it. Grade 10 is this year, but I guess I am still in grade 9, I am doing school work now in a few weeks but at home, feel bad that I'm in the same grade technically as my younger sister, that sucks but I am not good enough for grade 10, I mean I DID NOTHING ALL YEAR. 

I have always known I am going to kill myself before I am 35, I know that for a fact because I don't ever want to date or get married and my dad is in his 50s and I don't want my parents to die before me. I don't want to get old and get dementia or be bedridden so I have to die before that happens. Most people want something, I don't know what the fuck I want though. I don't want to be alone in this world, not at all. My family is all better than me, my mom went to university, my dad has the highest position at his job and he even had anxiety as bad as me, yet he can still do it and talk to people.

 But I know I can't, If I had a job, I'd want to be some sort of farm worker because I know I can't do anything responsible that requires intelligence or being good at math. But I can't deny my body, I am a girl and only 4'11, I can't be strong, I've tried, trust me. I have helped my grandpa on his farm but still I'm not strong enough to carry a bucket of water more than a couple feet. I know women can be strong, but that is usually people above my height, so that doesn't help much. 

I just hate myself so fucking much. I want her to die, I don't even know, I just think sometimes how the hell am I this person, how are we the same, I feel like I have two identities, me and other me, like we're the same but I want to disconnect from her so bad. God I'm crazy. What is the point for people like me? People who break at the smallest of challenges, people with severe mental problems from birth, what do we do? How do I get better? I've been in therapy for two years, seen tons of great people and still I fail. Where do I buy motivation? I wish I could just order it online even if it were 2000 dollars. That is the issue, I lack motivation. 

Sorry, I know this is all over the place and too long, but when I get going I really get going. I am not good enough really, I am a failure to everyone. Why does everyone still love me? In my dreams my family always hates me but in real life they don't. I am just terrible. I've always been terrible. Terrible person, girl, student and no one ever hated me for it except for me. I wish I was dead, I want to go to heaven, I don't even really believe in god but if he is real I'd like to go to heaven and that stops me when I want to die, but someday that won't be enough, my dogs won't be enough, my family won't be. How can I live like this? In my room everyday, too afraid to try. I just want to try but I am so terrible, everyone probably despises me. I just want to let go. I thought if I was out of school I'd feel better but I miss it, I miss seeing people my own age, but I am too insecure, I won't go out until I feel skinny enough, have perfect straight hair, clear skin and nice clothes, I just can't go out until I like what I look like. 

I don't know why I am telling anyone this, I doubt anyone will read it or anything but if you do, I am glad that someone listened. I don't know when I will decide it is too much but I doubt I will ever have a life I feel is worth living for, someday I'll just be gone, in less than 20 years I am for sure. Everyone else is so great, they have careers ahead, intelligence, beauty, romance, friends, family, pets. I have some of those but I won't ever be anything more than this, I will never feel pretty enough or strong enough, I won't ever make another friend I can relate to and I will never be able to let go of this grief, I just wish it would end, god I want to be happy and just be a person again. Why did I fuck my life up before it even began? Thank you for reading.