The message i couldnt sendI need help. I feel like a prisoner in my own body. I feel like a crazy person. I really can hardly feel anything at the same time. I am so painfully numb.  Everyday it is so hard getting out of bed -- some days it literally feels like im strapped down and chained in. I shower and no matter how much I wash, i dont feel clean. There's always an unbearable weight on my chest that I carry everywhere with me. It always feels like there's cement in my shoes. A dead body on my back. The only place to escape always is to my mind. So its really hard for me to get out of my own head like you guys say all the time. My body is so heavy at times that if i get out of my head I feel like my knees would buckle under so much pressure. Its really hard for me to even cry without feeling like im being physically choked or having a panic attack. I try to feel, i try to gage into my emotions but they're just not there. I don't feel anything anymore. Im not trying to be over-dramatic or attention seeking this is how ive felt for so long. 

Being in my head is my only place of escape and relief. Its the only place that I can breathe sometimes. I can breathe because im always taking myself somewhere else, anywhere else other than where I am. But I am realizing that its literally taking me nowhere. I no longer have control over my mind, my mind has control over me. My perception to things, my reality, is so drastically different from what truly is that it scares me. I cant focus anymore. I cant give much thought to anything because it becomes so overwhelming. Something as simple as putting my books back on the shelf becomes so tasking when im alone that it can take me all day to finish. 

I am so scared that ive completely lost control. I feel so isolated from everyone. After writing all of this i still feel like it doesnt explain everything of how i feel. 

At this point i dont think anyone can help me. I want to die so bad but im so scared at the same time. Im stuck here only because im too much of a coward to do anything about it. Im begining to hate myself because I know that im dragging other people down with me