No point in tryingI don’t even want to go on trying. I’ve been too tired to function for 5 years now, I’ve had to give up my dream career because I can’t compete with healthy people. My doctor doesn’t think I’m unhealthy enough to qualify for ODSP, but the thought of trying to work the kind of job I could get with my skills makes me want to kill myself even more. My boyfriend thinks I get upset over everything, and was literally laughing at me earlier today when I complained that something he said felt objectifying. I can’t get compliments out of him without dragging them out practically by force, which feels both abusive on my part and in-genuine on his, unless it’s something about how fat I am (apparently he likes that). I’m been in my undergrad for 5 years now, and I have yet to get through a semester where I haven’t had to ask for an extension, not to mention I’m taking a part time course load so nothing I actually do achieve feels like it’s my own. It’s a shitty major anyway, that will never get me a job, even to the point where people laugh at me for having thought that getting an arts degree would actually be useful for anything anyway. My body is the wrong shape, too masculine, and nothing I can ever do will change that. I never succeed at anything I do with anything like the competence I need, even to the point where I honestly don’t believe anymore that I’m capable of succeeding in anything – everyone is always faster, smarter, prettier, more knowledgeable, funnier, more creative, more energetic, more stable… People almost never reach out to me, and seem uncomfortable when I try to reach out to them. I’m a useless waste of oxygen and I just haven’t got the strength to go on telling myself differently when the whole world (except maybe my counselor) seems intent on proving to me just how worthless I really am. Even if I wanted an extension on my assignments at this point, it’s so close to the end of the semester they couldn’t grant one to me. I don’t have the money, time, energy, or willpower to properly take care of myself, and even getting out of bed is… well I don’t want to, I don’t want to have to face another miserable fucking day on this planet. Christians tell me that I’m an aberration against god and that I’m going to hell because I defied his plan for me (by changing gender) – well, I’m already IN hell, it can’t possibly be any worse than this, and what kind of a god does that to people anyway? Society is so fucked up with people campaigning against rights and freedoms (see Stephen Harper, Vic Toews, the entire conservative caucus bursting into laughter at the idea that trans-people deserve equal rights, not to mention Romney getting almost half the American vote, the Golden Dawn party in Greece, unemployment in Spain, legalized murder for being different in Uganda…) I don’t want to be with a guy who dislikes me, but then I’m left with no-one at all.