I made promise to myself when I was 18I promised myself that if I wasn't happy when I turned 27, if I still didn't have a girlfriend, if stillfelt lonely, if felt no satisfaction from work, that I would kill myself when I turned 27. It'll sound stupid to you all, but I chose this age because Kurt Cobain and so many other great musicians killed themselves on this date. I'm no musician, despite my attempt to learn, bu it's romantic, I guess, even if I was worthless and unhappy, I could still give my life a meaningful ending, a tribute to my love of music.

I am now 25. Although I've met several girls on Ok Cupid, I've never made it past three dates and couple of kisses. I've spent the last seven year of life in college to get a Master's in Library Science, yet despite working my but off I still haven't finished it and I dread every course and assignment. This October I'll turn 26 and will no longer have insurance, and my desperate attempts to find a full-time job in a library all end in failure. I took this current part-time library job five years ago to gain experience, but because my position doesn't allow me to do anything but clerical tasks my "experience" means absolutely nothing to prospective employees. I had a job interview for a library technician position at a school which basically involved all the things I currently do, but during the pre-interview the hiring manager told me that I shouldn't get a job as a "learning experience" and suggested that I should spend a few years "subbing" as a library tech, which basically means doing the exact same job except without the pay, security, and benefits of a full-time position. I'm 25 and I still live with my parents, I am done doing jobs with shit hours for "experience".  I'm ready to be an adult, to be self-sufficient, to be worth something!

Anyway, the point of my post is...I'm coming close to thedeadline. With things the way they are, I can't imagine I'll be happy when I turn 27. I feel like I should start preparing to fulfill the promise I made to my younger self.