life is a lot of work and im lazythrowaway for my own sake. i want to kill myself so badly. i truly do. but i dont have the balls to do it. im too afraid of something so final that i inflict upon myself. i wish a meteor would strike me down or someone would shoot me as i walk down the street. i've always had issues with suicidal ideation from the time i was about 10. i would press a kitchen knife to my gut when i was home alone and dream of having the commitment to drive it through. i have never really attempted though. im a recent college graduate in a STEM field and am pursuing medical school but did less than stellar at it.  therefore i have to do a post bacc program and waste more of my parents money they work like dogs to earn in order to dig myself out of this whole i put myself in and apply next year. im not worried about the work. i actually think im capable of getting in etc. but all of the money ill be borrowing/spending in the process gives me a panic attack whenever it crosses my mind. largely im pursuing this career because ive been raised to believe that im capable of anything i set my mind to and everyone believes in me. but i know thats not true. im not special. ive always known that. everything takes work and money. everyone always considered me the funny one but becoming an adult i realize how sad that is. people take my antics and demeanor to mean i cant take care of myself. its a joke among my friends. im their wacky comically irresponsible court jester with bad luck. its only confirmed when i introduce friends from different circles to each other (because i cant help but want people i love to know how great they both are like i do) and it always becomes a conversation about how incapable i am. right in front of me all of my flaws are brought onto the table because its common ground they all have. my whole life people have tried to take care of me. it just proves that i come across as someone whos incapable. it validates that im as stupid and useless as i feel. but i always try to laugh through it. lately, ive tried to express how this affects me but its not met well. people seem to feel like im attacking them for making me feel this way when i know its not them its me. its how i feel because i put myself into that space mentally. i just want a little breathing room from the self loathing. when i make a mistake and people bring it up again and again across my life to poke fun it stings 10x worse because i dwell on everything i do. i cant remember a night where i havent cried or driven myself near tears thinking of every misstep ive made in life. im a leech on this planet no matter how hard i try not to be. what really sent me over the edge and what im sure is going to seem overdramatic is that 2 nights ago my phone and id were stolen from me at a bar. i went with my friends because im really truly trying to regain the extroverted personality traits that served me so well previously in my life before this depression really set in after i realized how shitty i am as a person. it was a brand new iphone that i got on payment plans to build credit. idk if thats a good idea but my mother suggested i do it and im in my early 20s with little credit history. i look down and its gone. my purse was unzipped and my wallet and phone were nowhere to be seen. now im stuck with a $300 deductible my parents have to pay and no ID. my cards were safe and in my pockets thankfully. but the phone, the one thing in addition to my car i took pride in because i was taking care of it and consciously making sure I was aware of its value, was gone. in my head i think i equated it to my first real adult responsibility. i was doing something. i was paying off my own phone. i had my purse crossed across my chest, it was zipped, i didnt bring my phone out for anything to avoid dropping it, and it was still gone. i started to sob. i cried sitting on the sidewalk as one of my friends from college consoled me. we had met up with my friends from my hometown and they all were there as i cried, drunk, and slobbered about how im useless. i dont know how to recover. i dont know what to do. i dont know my worth. i dont know what im good for. i dont know how to apply my talents. i dont know my talents anymore. im in debt. my family is in debt because of me. no one believes im capable of caring for myself and i just proved them all right. im not good with money. im not good enough at school. im not good enough at even being myself anymore. so why am i here? why waste space with myself? waste resources? its so fucking cruel. im just floating around being fucking useless. and i cant even finish myself off. but i want to. god i want to. i wish someone would do it for me so i can just be gone into the black.