There's no meaning to life at all.I've been spending my time alone for hours thinking about life.
I've been thinking about my future, I've been thinking about everything life related so I can ease the pain.

I sat down in the middle of all of this and asked myself "Why do we exist?".
It's been 65 million years and we're still waiting for that one answer.

Human society has advanced while this has all been happening, we've lived in caves and now in massive buildings.
We're going to space, we've created artificial intelligence, we've created cars, planes and also claimed about every single piece of land on this entire planet.

We still can't get this one answer.
Is there one? I'm not sure, most likely not. 
If there was one, how dome we haven't discovered it?

Enjoyment out of something doesn't exist, it's just a complete lie.

If it is true, nothing is ever made to last.

Everything always break after a while, even our planet will.
Black holes are travelling by lightyears all the time, this very second it just has.

And when something breaks, you won't be happy.
You've been se close to that one thing over the time that you've had it, humans will eventually break, aka death.

Why should we have to experience this and just do what we think is good to avoid everything bad?

Exactly, it's a good thing.

We don't suffer bad things, when we kill ourselves, we avoid the future.
Even if something new comes, like said before, we shouldn't get attached to it too much or it will break.

Everything you like is going to lead up to a halt, and end.

It's better to not experience it.

Look around you right now, everything you see is going to fall into shambles.
Nothing is immortal.

Nothing, and I mean nothing, will stay in one piece.
You'll probably cry when you lose your mother.

She's raised you for decades, and she's the one who was willing to go throuh labor just to see you, then raise you.
It's better to just not experience the bad things in life.

Even Reddit karma doesn't do anything.


I'll most likely kill myself some time near today.

*Signing Out*
ArkansasTheAdjective

