Super Depressed and considering doing it.So I am not real good at writing things (just one of my many faults) but here goes.

I am 21 year old male that has a whole bunch of diagnosed mental problems, namely ADHD, Depression, and anxiety.  I am currently enrolled at a community college taking classes to be computer support person.  However, I feel like this isnt the right thing for me. I come from an incredibly conservative family that always was incredibly strict on me, and pressure me all the time.  I am extremely introverted, indecisive and incredibly fearful of failure.  I feel like I have no friends anymore, and also i am questioning everything about myself.  I have no hobbies or beliefs and feel meaningless.  Now that that's out of the way, let me get into detail. 

My life has been alot of ups and downs, and for the most part it's been down.  Throughout most of my high school life I was depressed and very anxious.  However, for awhile after that, I was for the most part happy.  However, after changing colleges twice, and my majors almost a dozen times, I am beginning to become more depressed.   Currently, I am taking classes for computer support, however, compared to my classmates I feel oh so stupid!  I have had interest in computers for a long time, however, my parents made pick up Chemistry instead (not to say I didn't like chemistry).   But I feel so lost and stupid compared to my classmates who know way more then I do.  I don't know if this is the right program for me, but I don't want to spend more time and money on school then I have to.  But I can't drop out, because my family is pressuring me to go.

I am extremely introverted.  I would love to make friends with people and talk to those around me, but I can never bring myself to do so.  And everytime I do try, I make a fool of myself and murmur and stutter everything feebly to them.  All my friends have moved on, leaving me behind to wallow in my misery. 

I have a low self image, as I am a failure and a fat dumbass.  I try going to the gym, but I feel scared, because everyone looks at me weird, because i am the only fat person there.   

I have no passions or hobbies.  I try to find things that i like to do. But honestly, nothing seems to bring me joy.   That can be applied to my whole life, nothing is bringing me joy in my life.  No one is helping me either.  I just feel alone.

So.  I am not suicidal yet, but I am honestly getting to that point, which is why I'd like some support or some advice for how i can value and joy in my life again.  How I can open up without being awkward.  Anything is appreciated.
(Also, sorry for trailing off at the end, I need to leave for class).

Thanks! :)