I don't even know why I'm posting this.I've basically suffered from depression and anxiety my entire life (I'm 29 and I've never really felt safe and happy). I've tried to kill myself so many times it's obscene (at least 10 times). 

I've tried endless meds (over 20), multitudes of therapists with different therapies, and nothing helps.

I've been on disability for a couple of years now and its just getting worse. In addition to the depression, loneliness and anxiety, I am growing increasingly hateful after reading certain sentiments regarding the mentally ill and disabled, usually from conservatives.

That I somehow wanted this for myself. That I'm just not "trying hard enough". When I read these words I just get more depressed and want to be in society even less. Why the fuck would I want to engage and contribute to a society, where a good portion of the population are callous dicks?

I even read a forum post elsrwhere about train suicides and the OP was just bitching about his commute being delayed for a couple of hours, while berating the suicidal. The mere thought of people like this existing makes me want to deliberately find a busy train station where I can kill myself. If I'm going to kill myself, I DO want to inconvenience assholes like that. I hope you're stuck on that train for as long as possible. Shit your pants for all I care.

Ive gotten to the point where I just don't even give a fuck anymore. I don't care if my family is sad. I don't care if I traumatize someone by proxy with my suicide. That's the thing that's starting to scare me I guess. 

I know I'm ranting, because my mental state is deteriorating, but I just don't see any reasons to keep living. I don't have any hopes (career or relationship wise), I don't like anything about the unempathetic, meaningless consumerist society that surrounds me, and the people in it. I mean fossil fuels will probably run out within a couple of decades (maybe less) and there are grown people engaging in dumb shit like gamer gate.

Fuck it. I'm opting of this mess.