stalemateIm 25(m), soon turning 26 and I have nothing to show for myself. I have lost all of my friends last year because I have told them about my depression and suicidal ideation 5 years ago and nothing has changed till last year, then they finally cut me off. I understand them. I am constantly negative and I havent been moving forward for years, while everybody else has. I am inferior in all regards to anyone I used to be friends with. 
For a year now I have socially isolated myself from the outside, and I spent the whole sitting in front of my computer 95% of the time. The only times i went out are to get some food. 
I have no job and no prospects for the future. I  aimlessly attended university for 3 years switching between majors, and nothing came out of it. It is too late to start an apprenticeship in a field I like, everything is just too competitive for an inferior human like me. I am constantly asking myself that even if I were to apply for apprenticeships, why anyone would want to hire somebody like me who has struggled with mental illness since I was 12 years old, if there is a 17-20 year old happy human applying for the same job as I am. of course they don't know about my mental state if I don't tell them but I have no way of lying about my last 5 aimless years and no way of making them sound rather positive than negative. my cv is worthless because of too many gaps due to mental illness. I don't want to work as a cleaning person and I don't want to work on an assembly line. 
I feel like my only option to succeed in the working world from now on would be to start some kind of business and be self employed since my chances are too slim to get anywhere in the corporate world. But I don't know what and I certainly don't have the thick skin for this kind of adventure..
I have thought about getting more help but it's the same all the time. The answer to anything is always within oneself and only I can change myself for the better. I could start to take ssris again, talk to some therapist and listen to the same things over and over again. it just doesn't help me. 
I could submit myself to a psychiatric ward, but all that would do is for the doctors there to give me benzodiazepines and make sure I am not going to kill myself. 
I have fucked up everything because of my depression, inferiority complex, and never being strong enough to pull through. I now am here in top of my selffulfilling prophecy. everything is dull. I've tried to kms twice, one time cutting (I stopped because it hurt too much, now I have 2 ugly scars on my forearm) and one time by taking 20 5mg lorazepam pills which unfortunately just sent me into a 23 hour sleep coma. 
I have been researching everything I can about suicide methods and now know how I will end my life. Decapitation by train seems to be the best option for me although I'd prefer a shotgun, but since guns are illegal to own where I live (Germany) that is just not a possibility. 

I know for certain that I will never be able to ditch my inferiority complex. Over the last 2 years my soul and my heart have become bitter to the core. I have become addicted to smoking weed and cigarettes. So a cleanse would also take some time, which I just don't have anymore.

Being an almost 26 year old male with mental illnesses, not enough skills to compete in the workplace, and being only 5'4 (165cm) will not help me to go anywhere. it only helps to strengthen my beliefs of being unnecessary and disposable. Now that I have no friends left there is also no point in trying anymore. 
I will run out of money to support myself at the end of February, which will also be the day of my birthday, 02/28. 
I think that I have seen enough to say that at least I will leave this life with some good memories. 
