Suicide - Are some people just meant for it?I'm here to see if theres any real reason to keep on living. I'm a logical person and have been weighing the reasons and options for a while now and haven't really found any real reason not to.

((Good luck with the novel below, I'd be surprised if I finish it))

&amp;#x200B;

I've struggled with mental health since I can remember. It was hard to discuss the idea of tics, ocd, or depression with parents who didn't understand vulnerability. They aren't the hugging and comforting type, I can probably count on my fingers the times they've told me they loved me.

My father is a borderline alcoholic and has always been a mean drunk. I will never forget the times he's taken out his frustrations on me and berated my younger self about my worthlessness and the burden I am to him.

On top of that has always valued my older brother and made it verbally and abundantly clear as I grew older. My mother sometimes defended me for this reason which caused a large divide in my parents marriage, one which I was constantly blamed for. 

They're still together and closer now than before, since my brother moved out and became very successful they have all the more reason to berate me and compare me and my worthlessness to him.

I didn't move out at 18 because I wasn't able to support myself financially and I believed I was worth higher education.

I'm 22 and now finishing up my university engineering degree, given that was the only valid option in my eyes and controlling parents. I've been financially dependant on my them because of this option and it's held over my head every day.

I got into financial mess trying to margin trade a year ago when I believed it was the key to relieve myself of the abusive household I lived in. It turned into a vicious gambling cycle where I lost, and would continue to sink, more and more to escape the debt I had been accumulating. It came to a point last year where I stole money from my father to pay my bills, something which he caught and forever made me regret. I stayed at my friends place but eventually was allowed back with grace of my mother, however I was treated like a prisoner and was not allowed in or out of the house without supervision..there are cameras, locks, and an alarm that they track. (The ironic thing is that after everything my life at home only got worse, and I was even farther from the financial means to escape)

I cleared most of my debt 8 months ago but as home got even worse, market opportunities looked better, and the burden of paying for more expensive schooling that I failed; I fell back into my old cycle again and my parents don't know. I'm now 8k in debt.

I struggled a lot with school but I competed 90% of my courses. (so close yet so far) and failed 3 classes last semester meaning I'll need to retake and pay for them them again next year.

I'm working full-time midnights at a local factory and taking 4 classes during the day to make up for being set back. I have almost no sanity left and am criticized by my family whenever i'm seen taking a break or sleeping because they believe I'm not trying hard enough.

I'm jaded from everything but have really recently reached a point of complete hopelessness. Do you know what its like to feel completely trapped and frustrated in a life where you know you deserve better but every attempt is only a bigger setback?

I reached out to my brother who now lives on the other side of the country. I discussed suicide and he told me of his story about failing to kill himself when he was young, something I did not know of. He was bullied and home was no better so I understand why he tried. He got help and made something of himself. (as someone who is almost at millionaire status I told I was on my own financially)

Other than that one conversation, he doesn't care. I've reached out often now that I have really been considering it but he doesn't answer; he told me i'm a failure. I made it clear I did not want him to mention anything to our parents because we both know it would only cause more issues. (They see it as a selfish, weak thing to do, and if they found out about my finances i'd be on the street and disowned completely)

&amp;#x200B;

In this world I feel that if there are people meant for success, than there are people meant for failure. It's a fact of life that not everyone will cut it - and against all my efforts to better my life I just can't succeed. I have close friends but they're not ones to understand the gravity of my situation, I've been having trouble finding someone who has.

I want to go out on my own terms, something I feel like probably won't happen given the way things have gone. I don't want to hurt anyone, maybe something funny, or memorable like SEATAC. I've debated donating sperm to continue on my genetic lineage and become an organ donor to save a couple lives... (But what does it matter when I'm eternally gone anyways?)

I'm not here for sentiments I'm here for a valid reason to live... to sway my bias, because suicide hotlines and friends and family aren't an option.