I’ve been thinking about ending things.I’ve been thinking that maybe it’s time to end things. I’m struggling very hard lately. 

The thing is I feel like I don’t even have a right to feel suicidal. I see people that are struggling with some big problems in life and by comparison I feel like I’m just being a whiny brat. 

All my life I have struggled with mental health issues. Been in and out of therapy, hospitals, psych wards, for most of my teenage life. After my last suicide attempt in college I swore to myself I would never fail and get myself locked up in a hospital again. 

Now I’m 25 and on the outside everything looks great. I have family that loves me. At least one friend. But things on the inside, in my mind, are awful.

I’m a sex addict. And it’s a really really bad addiction that I have not ever told anyone about or even talked to a therapist about. I cheated on and lost the only relationship in my life that meant a damn. I feel like my self esteem is destroyed and most of my life is a daily cycle of me chasing sex and putting off real world responsibilities. 

No one in my life knows I struggle with this and to be fair most people wouldn’t even consider this a struggle at all. That’s why I feel so isolated and alone. After losing my last relationship I’ve started to come back to my old suicidal thoughts. I feel worthless. I feel like I was born broken with a broken mind. I feel that I can only ever bring people pain because I am not capable of being normal. I am scared for my family and the chance of ruining their reputation with my addiction. I am scared of the shame and the judgement of people. I should have made a throwaway account for this but I will honestly delete this post after sometime. 

I am just at the point where I don’t see a healthy future for myself and I have shattered a lot of the few things that were keeping me tethered in the present. I don’t think there is a place on this earth for someone as worthless and disgusting as me. 

I have considered making a suicide plan. I would probably do it through overdosing on pills and mixing it with alcohol. It seems like the only method viable for me. I am scared but I don’t see another way forward. I don’t want to fail again the last thing I want is to be thrown back into the hell that is a mandatory hold in a hospital so whatever I do I need it to be foolproof

Sorry for bothering people with this post. I am a terrible person and terrible people like me shouldn’t exist. I just feel sick all the time. I’m so alone in my struggles it really feels like I need to die like death is the only solution because there is no other way for someone with my problems to get help or change. I see suicide as a true solution to my failed existence.