I don't love myself anymore.I am suicidal. The following is probably not a very coherent post as I am attempting to vent and discuss here

I feel no motivation to do any schoolwork. I am a junior in Computer Engineering/Science on a very nice scholarship. To keep my GPA I need a 3.0 and im currently sitting on a 3.0. 

This semester is the hardest I have ever had and I am having extreme trouble with finding motivation to put forth work in my classes. It's not that I don't find enjoyment in the work, its just that I don't want to do it - and I have no idea why.

I used to love myself and who I was but I just realized that I hate myself. I am constantly sad but I am exceptionally gifted at hiding my depression. Actually, I don't know if I ever was truly happy. I definitely suffer from Imposter Syndrome and Depression. My counselor and I thought I had ADHD but the NPR didn't agree and therefore didn't prescribe for it. I still think I have ADHD but I don't know how to go about getting treated for it. I also have a strong feeling that I am affected by Bipolar Disorder.

There are 3 options that I have decided to choose from:

1. Suicide. Been thinking about it for about a month. It's not the first time i've considered it though. None of my family or friends would EVER see this coming. I fear that I just want to escape from everyone and everything, is that bad?

2. Withdraw from classes, take a small week vacation alone, get evaluated by a doctor, and then work part time and return to school in the summer. My parents will be absolutely angry with this decision and will try everything they can to convince me to stay in school. I really want to do this but I dont know if withdrawing for a semester would void my scholarship. I have emailed my advisor about this.

3. Stay in class, get evaluated by a doctor, and potentially lose my scholarship (i've already fucked up one class this semester by missing some assigments and a quiz). If I lose my scholarship then that would guarantee that I'll commmit suicide. I cant deal with letting my friends and families down like that, my parents would be so disappointed and I would be even more disappointed in myself.

Please give me advice, this is the first time in a long while I have cried and it feels good. I just don't know how long I can go before I take the easy way out.

thank you for reading

