You don't have to read this if you don't want to, i suppose i'm just ventingI don't know why, but I feel incredibly alone. I haven't been in a serious relationship in 4 years. Most of my ex-boyfriends are married now. I've dated around with guys I ended up hating or weren't attracted to in the first place. I started an OKcupid profile in the beginning of last month and it just seems like nobody is interested. I've messaged some guys, but to no avail.

I've gone out, I've pretended like I'm confident in myself. I haven't told anyone I hate the way I look, I hate how opinionated I am, I hate that I enjoy standing up for what I believe in. I feel like if I were quieter, lost a ton of weight, wore skirts more often, and knitted, I'd be more wanted romantically by the opposite sex.

I have a friends with benefits situation going on but after we're done i just hate myself.

I'm flaking off in school. Last semester, I did really well, but this semester I'm just burnt out. I sleep more often and I'm missing more class. I'm such a perfectionist and I'm stressed out and I just want to succeed. I think my fatigue has something to do with the disease I have (i'd rather not name it because i've posted about it here on reddit), but where I live, there's not many doctors who can treat it, and I'm on the wrong treatment and the doctor won't listen to me. I can't lose weight because my disease forces me to sit down if i have been walking for a while. I collapsed in the middle of a cardio workout because i couldn't stand anymore

I work at a dead end part time job that isn't going anywhere and I'm constantly strapped for money so my parents offer me some money but whenever I take it, they throw it back in my face a few days later when something comes up. I've stopped taking money from them as much as I can.

My relationship with my parents is strained. We used to be closer when I lived away but now we fight all the time now that I live closer.

I struggle with christianity because I don't know why God would continually put me through this

I think I have severe depression and I've been struggling with it for a long time but I don't knwo what to do. I have to struggle everyday to shake away thoughts of suicide when I'm driving or just sitting reading reddit and I'm scared I'm going to do it. The only thing keeping me here is that I don't want my parents to blame themselves even though it may be somewhat their fault.

I can't tell my parents how I feel because they're already weak from things going on in their own lives. I just want to stop being a burden and stop feeling lonely and i think ending things would make everything go away

i haven't told anyone I feel this way or have ever felt this way and i can't. i can't let anyone know about how i feel

my parents wouldnt have to pay for anything for me anymore and my friends who dont really hang out with me that often wouldnt really be missing much

maybe it would just be for the best