My fiancé raped me while he was blacked out.I have been in the same relationship for 6 years. Two years into our relationship, we took a several month break due to some personal growth that was needed on both our parts. I was very upset by this break, so when he came knocking on the door of our old apartment, I let him in. He was drunk out of his mind, I was completely sober but heartbroken, and conversation soon turned to argument. The argument, however, ended with him getting frustrated, throwing me on the bed, taking me anally while ignoring my protests, and leaving me there, in physical and mental agony.

At first, I blamed myself for the night, and did not confront him. "If you just didn't always bitch at him," my cruel mind told me, "none of that would have happened." Or: "you obviously wanted that, you love him." I had been molested as a child, beaten by an ex, and raped before, so accepting that it had happened felt like too much to bear to me. It was easier to stay quiet and convince myself I wanted it. But the pain of the encounter only grew as each day passed. And somehow, those days of silence turned into years.

Fast forward to recently. He has since become completely sober, and literally works his ass off at being the best partner to me. I ask him, tentatively, about that night, and it's clear he has no recollection. Finally, the truth comes out, and he's horrified beyond belief, unable to look me in the eye and filled with his own self hatred. 

Me, I feel trapped. I feel horrified. Coming to terms with the fact that I was essentially raped by "no one" since he remembers nothing is.... Devastating. I am sleeping next to my attacker, I love my attacker, and worst of all, I can't express what happened to me to anyone since I don't want to lose the relationship. But I'm failing at keeping it together. I have had at least three sucidal attempts since June. The cognitive dissonance of knowing the current Him would do anything for me and has worked his ass off for years self improving and supporting us while also knowing that he is the sole source of such a huge pain is literally making my mind feel like it's short circuiting. On the one hand, I am desperately in love with this person and the thought of losing him is devastating, and would put my whole way of life into jeopardy. On the other hand, I have absolutely no idea how to get over an assault and yet continue a healthy relationship with the attacker. Yelling at him seems cruel, I can't bear to hurt him when I know he doesn't even remember. 

In truth, I feel so impossibly stuck here that it's becoming a daily struggle not to see death as the more relieving option. I can't find a situation anywhere on the internet like mine, and I feel like the only response I'll get from anyone is "leave him!" But I don't want to leave him, he's not who alcohol made him and he doesn't drink anymore. I just don't know what to do. I'm terrified. I'm hoping someone out there can give me some perspective, something to quiet the suicidal thoughts in my head. Something to keep me swimming. Either way, thank you for taking the time to read this...
(Edited for spelling mistakes)