To all of you considering ending it allHi. I just want to repeat the immortal words of Luke Skywalker: I care.

I really do. I, myself, have sought help in SW. I also regularly comment here to try to be there for others who, like me, want to end their lives for some reason or another.

My hand to God, if I could find a way to get to your town and just sit down and have a drink with you and give you a hug and do nothing more than be there with you so that you know you're not alone, I would. Hell, if I were wealthy, I'd fly to your town just to sit with you and help you feel less alone.

I've read many of your posts. Some of you feel like you've just made too many mistakes. Some of you feel like the odds are stacked too highly against you. Some of you feel like the pain is just too much to bear. I am one of those who has suffered a pain too strong to forget. But in considering my own end, I've realized that, although my own life seems to be too much to abide, I would give it all up to be there for *you*.

I would. I'm tired of being me. I'm absolutely sick of it. But—instead of giving up my life to death—I'd rather give my life up, bit by bit, in being there for all of you.

I don't know you. I really don't. And I can't even begin to understand what some of you are going through. I know that. But, nonetheless, I would prefer to use my life to do something, anything within my power, for some fellow sufferer rather than take my life.

And I hope you can take this as encouragement. Someone else passed this lesson on to me a long time ago. If you ever feel like you're at the end of your life and you just don't feel like you can live anymore, think of this perspective: There are others out there who, like you, despair of their own existence. How wonderful would it be to be the kind of person to them that you would like to see in your own life? Rather than thinking of killing yourself, think like this: "If I want my own life to end, what can I do before I snuff out my life forever to be of assistance to someone suffering like myself?"

You might want your own life to be over. I can identify with that. But, if (as you think) your life is as good as finished, what little things could you do before the end to relieve the suffering of others who have also, like you, had a difficult life?

I first came to SW seeking help. I've been through some truly awful things, and I've been hating being me. But while I was here, I found others who were similarly suffering. I began to post, with my usual account, in various other sufferers' threads. I realized that *being* that light (the light that I want to see in my own life) was about as good as feeling it myself. That is, I found that by helping others, I was being the thing that I wanted to experience myself.

Let me explain it this way: I was seriously considering taking my own life. I wanted help—relief—but I hadn't experienced it. I figured that I might as well (since I was just about ready to give up my own life) be there for others who were also suffering.

So, what I recommend is what has helped me to work through my own problems. Be that which you want to see in the world. Do you want relief and succor? Be that for someone else. Do you want justice and mercy? Be just and merciful. After all, you've considered taking your own life—what would it hurt to show some camaraderie and try to help others who have fallen on hard times?

I mean, think of it this way: You want to kill yourself? Well, take a little time, before you end your life forever, to give of yourself for someone else who also feels an overwhelming pain. You may find that life *is*, after all, meaningful. It's worked for me. If you really feel like you're at your end, what would it hurt to take just a little more time to try it?

With all love, respect, and kinship— 
A fellow sufferer