I don't want to kill myself, but I don't want to live either.GF \[25\] and I \[26\] have been dating for 4 years. We've been incredibly supportive of each other. Recently we toyed with the idea of going poli and it looked incredibly promising for the both of us with this one woman. Unfortunately, she had personal events come up and the woman had to step away for a while. We were understanding, but that's when the GF realized that she still wanted more. I knew something was up when she kept going on about how much she enjoyed talking with a co worker. 

&amp;#x200B;

One Friday night she gets drunk-horny per usual and we have some sex, but after she still wants more and states how hot it would be in, a few words, cuck me with him. I want no part of that, especially since he looks like a cousin of mine (20 years older than me). Top it off she always stays late after work to talk with him. Now I know they're not having sex because I know how much she genuinely values conversation. But what hits me hardest is how I work 9-5, take care of the dogs, and try to keep the place clean, which leaves little to no time to socialize, while she works 2-10pm, sleeps in till at least noon, and doesn't get home till 10:30, which is only then I have dinner ready. On top of that, I really don't share any interests with my own co-workers and can't really involve them in my personal life.  


I wish I was Bi so this would bother me slightly less, but the real kicker is how she's like "I know you enjoy games, so why don't you just find a nerdy girl to fling with?" I just... feel so boring and hopeless. She's tried to reassure me that I still am her main partner and she won't stop loving me, but I can't stop periodically dry-sobbing (I literally cannot cry). I have no doubt that she will stop loving me... but I feel as though I'm boring and uninteresting. I don't have any real life friends to hang out with and even video games aren't fun anymore. I can barely stomach any food and only want to sleep, hoping each night that I don't wake up... The only reason I haven't just guzzled pills is that I genuinely love her too much to traumatize her like that and the dogs wouldn't understand why daddy won't wake up.  


I know I need a therapist and have for years, but I just don't have the time or money.  


Thank you to any who read this.