A more interesting story.Wouldn't it be better if I just went now before I become an embarrassment to everyone that knows me? I think my mother most especially is ashamed of me, for who I have become. I don't like this person but it is impossible to change now. 

I wake up with panic attacks thinking about what is coming, how my life has fallen off the rail and no one has been thus far capable of showing me a way to get back on. No matter what you say, just remember it's what you do that counts kids.

I am, and probably will be the best example of that. Ultimately I think this is fucked up, but people don't give a shit what you want to do anyways, they won't open doors for you to do it. Being good is all about breaking down doors and letting other people in, and in order to do that in reality someone has to break down a door for you.

Does that mean 100% of people that get opportunities take them? Well for some, even when they have a million opportunities they suffer from something to where they can't make use of opportunities. There are those whose youth and power is squandered on a broken mind, and those who take open doors for themselves and never use it.

They might go in thinking, with certainty they will use thos opportunity for good but then instead just fail to do it. I believe myself one of those now, and so it's too late for me and as I live and breathe someone else's oxygen is taken. My very existence is an embarrassment, that I am here is reckless. I want to be let go but whenever I confront people with this all I get are words, words that can't fix my broken mind.

I was born broken, I should never have been born or died the second I squandered my first opportunity. Now I am in a place where I feel, I probably ought to be assassinated. I'm some sort of a monster now because when I am confronted with this reality I am currently so lucid about out in the world fight or flight kicks in.

I can't not fight to survive and yet the cruel irony is who I am is basically already dead, I'm an animal now I don't need anything more than just to be shot. Please kill me, someone end this existential misery I would be so grateful. 

Of course no one will, maybe if I ask my best friend or tell him about the darkness in me he will. We will see...or maybe you know somehow I can trick myself into killing myself, IDK how yet but maybe I can just get drunk and do it. Maybe.