Thinking about ending it, probs another month at the most..So i've been contemplating suicide for about a year now... I got kicked out of highschool for dealing drugs a couple years ago and i kind of got my life together, but now i just don't wanna be here anymore. My parents berate me about everything i do... 

I'll come home after a long day and right when i get home my mom is bitching about something irrelivant that doesn't matter... it's like she fucking doesn't have anything to do besides look at the grout and find dust particles to tell me that i forgot to clean them... its honestly unbearable and i don't wanna put up with it anymore. 

If i'm being honest my suicidal thoughts are from my mom... just fucking talking to her makes me depressed. I try and distance myself from her and i feel better but shes my mom... its hard to hate your mom and try to love her at the same time. I think shes bi-polar in some way because she'll be overly happy and then super sad.... it really gets to you after a while... i've talked to her about it but she refuses to change... i feel like she's selfish in that sense because my father and I have both told her that she's draining us but she doesn't seem to change or give a fuck... so why should I?

My dad cheated on my mom too so thats a plus... after coming home from work to hear your mom bitch about how shes sad is fucking pathetic tbh... all she does is go to work and come home.. i get that she has feelings same as me but it's like there nothing go on in your life.... why are you acting like a child... honestly... i'm fucking 19 and i give my mom advice on how to behave.. fucking pathetic...

There's just nothing left man... i spend 90% of my day on shit idgaf about... work and school are unfulfilling and the only thing i care about is photography... 

Idek why i posted on here.. if i actually had the balls to kill myself i'd probably do it and not post on here but i guess i'm just looking for help.... i haven't been able to talk to anyone ever... 

Through my life i've only really had 1 good friend... that's kind of sad when you think about it... i mean i'm sure outgoing i try and be the nicest person i can be but nothing is sticking and idk why... It all just seems like a waste of time tbh... 

I've also thought about the fact that "there's people in worse situations then you who haven't commited suicde" and i guess that is true... but i mean i'm here and now and i wanna kill myself so what can say... 

Idk i guess i'm lost... my parents are just dicks and its the only people i spend my time with... guess you could tally that 90% up to like 95% lol... 

If your'e still reading thanks... i guess you managaed to give a fuck more then my parents would... 

iv'e actually told them i wanna kill myself but they thought i was a joke.. hysterical right? 

Nobody takes me seriously i feel like i have no control over myself...

Can someone plz help... idk where to go from here... 