Anyone have experience with Serotonin Syndrome after attempt?So two nights ago I got very drunk with friends then had a horrible argument with my husband, and finally gave into my impulses I’d had for weeks to kill myself. They got me to the hospital within an hour (I stalled like crazy) and then after a few minutes there it hit me. I was having tachycardia, shivering, auditory hallucinations, some tremors, extreme confusion (and within that some anger because I couldn’t interpret a text I’d received, I thought the person was insulting me), and I was barely responsive even though I could hear somewhat what was going on at times. They had to pinch me hard to make me answer what my husband’s name was. I didn’t know why I was there half the time. I also puked and had some upset stomach but I think it was from the charcoal or the alcohol, impossible to tell. When I was beginning to understand the conversations around me more and my husband left to go grab things from home, I heard the nurses talking about serotonin syndrome but they never later confirmed to me what had happened. They didn’t put me in the psych ward because they didn’t have a way to monitor my heart there but they also didn’t get me admitted to a regular bed before I could walk pretty normally. They made my husband sit in a plastic chair in the psych ER cubby with me for 12 hours. When I was coherent I said fuck it, I’m still hallucinating and can’t speak straight and can’t walk perfect and have upset stomach still but we needed to go home and talk things out. I managed to sleep it all off by another 12 hours. It was a crazy time and it was oddly peaceful in that delirium thinking that I was dying but I couldn’t ask. I also heard them mention the ICU as maybe they were going to attempt to monitor both my heart and my mood but I don’t see why. The doctor woke me and I said I was feeling fine now and I fibbed that no event had been a catalyst, but then as I woke all those symptoms I mentioned going home with really caught up with me. They didn’t seem to want me there or know what to do with me. I felt really at a loss because I needed to stay in the hospital but I didn’t want to take a bed from someone and I didn’t want to make my husband suffer in the ER any longer. Overall I’m confused as to if it was a regular celexa overdose or if it was serotonin syndrome, mainly because of the hallucinations. I told them I was having them before I left but the doctor waited so long to see me that I gave up. Thing is, last night I had some hallucinations for about 30 minutes where I could swear up and down my neighbors were playing punk rock music but my husband assured me they weren’t.

TDLR: my docs didn’t tell me if I had SS or a regular celexa overdose (they mentioned SS while I was half conscious) and sent me home while I still had auditory hallucinations. they popped up again for 30 mins two days later. 

Does it sound like SS? Is it possible SS can cause further hallucinations?