A Letter From The Grave - a poem that was written as a suicide note. I was lucky enough to survive, but sharing this hoping someone will realize they’re not a lone in what they’re feeling. If you’ve lost someone to suicide, this might help you understand how depression affects perception 💔💕Letter from the grave.

To everyone who matters,

I’m sorry I wasn’t enough. 

I’m sorry if I loved you too hard but hated myself. 

I wish I was a better person, but I’m not. 

I am rootless yet grounded by the weight of who I am, or who I’ve become. 

I don’t understand why. I cried, I prayed, I went to  doctors, I went to the gym, I let you in, I inhaled exhaled, and I numbed the pain. 

Nothing works I’m still the same.

I hope your lives prosper in my many ways, but I’ll see you all in our graves.

Maybe I acted strong because I was weak, and my silences was your queue to speak.

Oh well now my memories are yours to keep.

Mama I’m sorry I couldn’t accept your love in the ways you showed it, because I know you did. 

Maybe you’ve always been right and I’m an ungrateful bitch. 

Maybe I ruined your life even before I was born, 20 with a naughty sick baby must have been a storm. 

I loved you so much I slept to the smell of your scarfs from your closet many nights when I needed a hug. I don’t know why I never came to you, I felt angry and not enough.

The more it went on the deeper it set, I am so wrong I am choosing to reset.

I have so much love for all of you my heart sometimes feels like its going to burst. Its not a cute look being 22 and acting like you need something to nurse.

Sister I am sorry you always lived in my shadow, but trust me it saved you from being burnt. 
You are beautiful and smart and a sister I never deserved. 

You should have been the first born, take care of our family. Be a real one for once. 

Maybe our parents don’t know how, but you do know how to love. Have family close because friendships get tainted like the blood on my latex gloves.

Daddy I’m sorry I failed you as a daughter, I am sorry your life has been so hard, and you do it all for our futures. 

I know it is selfish of me to put you through more loss, but you should know yourself that this world can be harsh. I just hope you forgive me because its all too much. 

For those who stayed thanks for every moment that we shared, I wouldn’t have made it this far without you there.

For those who didn’t, thanks for trying to tell me that you were there. I understand, I would leave me too. 

Im sorry for everything I put you through.

The reality is none of you need me.

 I mean really need me. 

Think of  moments when I was the one to save the day, scarce aren’t they? 

I am the storm that needs to blow away. 

It hurts too much to love in this broken way.

I promise you’ll forget about me one day.

We might see each other in heaven or hell, or in a dream. If that day comes then maybe we might say what we actually mean.


I hope I see Kumari and Nana when I go to sleep. I hope they’ve seen every secret I have been trying to keep. I hope their love heals me and I am free, to forget what it feels like to weep.

I made my bed and now I lay in it deep. 

I’m going to sleep.



