My dad makes me want to kill myself!$?!(!?!!Motherfuckingbitchassholecuntfucker!@?$?!!?’!!

My dad doesn’t really get involved in my life unless it’s to like yell at me or try to make me feel guilty. 

I’ve been having trouble staying motivated, doing my schoolwork, and pretty much everything else. (I’m on medication for depression and anxiety but nothings working so far) I cheated my way through online school since the 8/9th grade,  I’m now a senior and failing all my classes and it’s too late to make up everything I missed. 

I had a great plan, I would drop out, get a job, focus more on my mental health and work towards getting my ged.  I brought it up to my mom and she yelled at me about how I was stupid n shit cuz there’s only a couple months left. She told my dad and he’s making his mad face where he flares his nostrils and looks like he wants to beat my face in and yelling at me and said that I would be a failure and some other stuff, I’ve learned to tune him out. I know they want what’s best for me but they don’t understand and they probably never will, no matter how many times they try to convince me they do. 

My dad is so fucking annoying sometimes, he makes me feel so stupid and invalid. He always talks about how he had a hard time too when he was young and that if he can get through something like that then I can get through this. Idk he probably thinks he’s helping by relating to me but it just makes me feel like he’s invalidating my feelings. 

But seriously whenever I have a bad day and I’m like crying or just in my room all day he somehow makes it about himself, saying  things like “why are you putting dad through this”(he talks about himself in 3rd person).  AND he talks about himself to my therapist and physiatrist. He tells them the same story about how he had a hard time when he was younger and just compares us. He is the reason I want to kill myself sometimes. 

I feel like suicide is the only option. I don’t know what to do

There’s a lot more I could say but it’s so hard to focus on anything