I had my first experience with mental health inpatient treatment and it confirms everything I’ve heard about the system being brokenI hope this is alright to post this here, as my brother is currently on suicide watch.

I’m aware that there are plenty of facilities like this all across the country I’m from (US), and it just puts a knot in my stomach thinking that there are young kids in really horrible mental states being put in a place like this.

Because of my own struggles with mental health I had really hoped to see one of these facilities actually helping their patients, but instead everything negative I’ve heard seems to be true.

About a week ago my brother (16 y/o, about to be 17 in a week) attempted to kill himself. He’s been going through some rough patches in his life currently and was pushed over the edge. Our family (especially the two of us as siblings) have depressive tendencies and I’m guessing also some high anxiety issues as well, judging from my own experiences and my families actions/habits. When I was his age I also had a track record for mental breakdowns/crisis moments but I was advised by my therapist to avoid going to an inpatient hospital because we live in a fairly rural area and the closest one (2 1/2 hours away) was not well known for being very helpful.

My brother ended up getting admitted to this one anyway because there was police involvement during his suicide attempt (a classmate called it in), and they suggested it would be best to my parents, who were unaware of the negative reviews of the hospital.

Since he was admitted it’s been hell even just trying to interact with him. The only way I’ve been able to reach him is when he calls me (which I don’t always get the chance to answer because of work and this kills me). Every time I’ve tried to call them to talk, the phone line just rings through until I get hung up on. The last time I tried calling (I actually tried calling three times in a row), the staff picked up and I told them who I was trying to get in contact with only for the line to go blank until they hung up on me again. What..?

Visitation is only for half an hour each day at 6:30, so it makes it hard to get down there in time to visit him if I’m working and involves a long five hour round trip. The time it takes to get there and back I don’t mind as much as the fact that when I did go visit, the staff wasted like seven minutes getting us in there (all visitors have to go through a security screening to make sure they’re not bringing in anything to the patients). Instead of doing the security check before the visitation time started they just lumped it into the time we got to actually see our family members. So the thirty minute visiting turned into a 20 minute one.

This last part may break my disclosure agreement but I’m so pissed off about it I don’t even care. When I’ve talked to my brother about the care he’s received inside the facility it’s been close to nothing. Apparently he’s only talked to a therapist 1x1 ONCE in his whole time there. He says there is someone you can request to talk to but they are only there for about an hour each day and you’d maybe get a 20 minute session with them. 

The facility caters to kids of all ages, my brother happens to be one of the oldest ones in there currently. All the group therapy exercises he’s described to me seem like they’re catered towards 10-12 year olds (ie: writing a story about a picture or doing karaoke), and it honestly doesn’t even seem like therapy to me. I don’t think they talk through anything with the kids unless they’re evaluating them on whether or not they’re an immediate risk.

On top of this they seem to be pushing medication really hard. My brother was put on Prozac a month and a half ago, which I think may have had something to do with his suicide attempt. When he went to the hospital guess what they decided would be the best thing for him? Put him on a higher dose of Prozac. He’s told me he’s refusing to take it because the other kids have told him that they will make you stay longer for observation when they switch your medication.

He says it’s depressing being in there. Apparently there’s one kid who keeps coming onto him by touching his thighs and being generally inappropriate. The kid even requested to be his roommate, which my brother adamantly denied. While I was visiting the other day, that kid also had family visiting and I swear he stared at our table from across the cafeteria for almost the entire visit. It made me concerned for my brother. Especially because there was also another kid who had some scabs on his face which my brother told me was from a fight he got into there. He’s also told me stories like on his first day the staff had to take away all the bendy pencils they used to write with because one kid tried to stab another kid with it. He said that those were one of many incidents he’s witnessed there.

I don’t understand 1. Why the kids with violent tendencies aren’t undergoing individual therapy, because they’re obviously a danger to others (I’m guessing it’s because of the terrible resources there to begin with). And 2. Why they would even set up the group therapy with a group that consists of 8-17 year olds, as if they will all be beneficially helped by the same type of therapy. There’s a huge difference in development and understanding in that age range.

It doesn’t seem like the facility has any grasp of how to function, seeing as they can’t even pick up their phones. I even went online to read other reviews and there’s been plenty with very similar complaints. One man even stated he waited 17 minutes on the phone before getting hung up on.

I highly doubt any of those kids actually feel better when they come out of there. It really sucks that I can’t even discuss this with anyone because of the disclosure, they’re just hiding what a terrible job they’re doing over there.

Edit -
TLDR: my brother (16) went to an inpatient center for attempting suicide. Since he’s been in there’s been barely any resources for help available to him, all they want to do is push medication, they don’t answer their phone ever, and it doesn’t seem like they can even keep the kids safe from each other. It’s sickening, and it makes me feel like the kids in there are even worse off than before. I’m concerned for my brother’s welfare upon leaving and it makes me understand why people opt for support like this subreddit instead of getting committed. It sickens me that facilities like this are still open for business.