I need to post this somewhereI can’t get over the memories of the attempt, mostly the feelings I had during it. I remember that night like it was yesterday, even a year later. I’ve never talked to anyone except one therapist about it, and even then never talked about what I was really feeling. I’ve never gotten it out and I feel like I need to. 

That night I happened to be with my entire family (I’ll preface I’m already 25 yrs of age) It was one month after my first unsuccessful suicide attempt after I swallowed all my antipsychotics. I was feeling very suicidal again, I was having a crisis and hysterically crying, but my mom had slammed the door in my face. She was “sick of Me” she’d said, sick of me not being better already. I’ve never felt more desperate in my life. I’d told her honestly and from my heart that I’d been feeling suicidal, that I didn’t feel safe, because some tiny part of me wanted to live. She yelled “I don’t care if you don’t feel safe, I need sleep!”. I remember yelling “PLEASE help, I really don’t feel I can make it through tonight, please can I just sit with you?!” She didn’t care. 

I decided then and there that I would make sure I succeeded that time. I went to the kitchen, took a kitchen knife and slashed my right arm quickly before I could stop myself. I then had the courage to continue and just kept repeatedly slashing at my arms until I started to feel dizzy. At that point, there was so much blood I got worried because I knew if my family went to the kitchen during the night to get a glass of water or something and saw all the blood, they’d try and rescue me again. I didn’t want to be rescued, so I didn’t want any blood anywhere it could be seen in the house except for when they found me and I was actually already dead and unable to be saved. I got the swiffer mop out, paper towels, anything I could to clean up the blood but at that point I was bleeding so much, trying to clean it up was just spreading the blood around more. 

I gave up cleaning up the blood, also because by that point I was so dizzy I couldn’t walk properly. I couldn’t think straight because I was starting to get weak, but I do remember thinking “These are my last moments” and I wanted to die to something familiar, in my own room. I remember slipping in my own blood and falling to the ground. I managed to muster the strength to crawl to my room, turn on my Xbox and start playing “The office” so I could die watching a show I liked, at the very least. I didn’t have the strength to climb up on to my bed, the room was spinning around me, so I just propped myself up against a wall and just waited to die. I don’t remember anything after that. 

Of course I woke up, in the hospital, twice as hopeless as before and angry and distraught I was still alive. I lost all feeling In my entire right forearm, and couldn’t even move it (for the first two weeks). I’ll never get feeling back in it again, I’m lucky I can still move it now. They ligated two of my veins in my left arm, so although I can feel my left arm, the circulation is ten times as poor as my right. I can’t hold a pencil anymore or write like I used to. Idk if I’ll ever get that back. Being scarred for life is also a permanent reminder. Summer and short sleeves make me anxious as hell. How am I supposed to get better when I have a permanent reminder of that day etched in to my skin?? When I can’t even take notes or type on my laptop like I used to? 

Why does everyone expect me to be over it already? I tried describing it to my sister and she said “it was a year ago, aren’t you feeling better yet?” No. I am not. I don’t know how. I wish I could. I feel so unworthy and worthless for putting my family through that. I have all the same suicidal feelings before, but if anything they’re MORE amplified now, because I feel ten times more worthless for putting my family through that, finding me passed out in a pool of blood. How can I live with myself after I did that to them? If killing myself isn’t an option anymore, how do I go on living with the guilt? The scars? The reminders? How can I ever feel normal again? 

I’m so sorry for rambling like this. I didn’t know where else to post this and am feeling so emotional and upset and misunderstood by everyone. I’ve never talked to other suicide survivors before and that makes me feel even worse about myself for being selfish, like I should have just died still. I’ve never fit in this world, I’ve always been wrong and not right and unworthy, and idk how anybody else seems so comfortable in daily life.