A man stopped me from jumping todayI was ready to do it. Like actually. The only reason I haven't attempted it sooner is because of the fear of failing and ending up becoming crippled as a result of a failed attempt. But a complete and utter numbness took over me and suddenly I didn't fear that anymore. Then I heard someone call out to me. In my early idealised fantasies of suicide before I properly wanted to die, that was always something that happened. Right before i was about to jump, some mystical stranger would stop me from jumping and make all of my problems go away. The latter didn't happen obviously, but someone walking their dog just happened to see me by the cliff edge and got suspicious. They took my hand and told me everything was going to be okay. We walked around town for a bit as they pushed me to talk and tell them why I would try to do such a thing, which is a very difficult thing to do in my scenario because literally everything in my life is a problem so it's not just one specific thing or area, and I felt completely empty inside so all of my responses were monotone. They then took me back to their house and made me a cup of tea. I stayed there for 5 hours. I didn't say much the entire time, maybe 5 sentences. They mostly spoke about their life, which is a good thing, I hate speaking about myself to other people. He told me that if I had any worries about anything, to talk to him. I told him I liked metal music; he said he would take me to a metal concert if it got my mind off of bad thoughts. He walked me home. He let me call myself on his phone so I'd have his number, he hugged me, and then he left. When I later tried to save his number on my phone however, the number came up as an unknown number. So I can't call him. But hey, that was surreal. And nice. But fucked. I was about to do it, but now I have to continue to suffer. I could have been pain free. On the bright side though, he gets to live with the fact he saved someones life, whether I inevitably end up killing myself in the end or not (cos he'll prob never find out).