I'm paying for my education and am hours from failing my first exam.I cry a lot.

My life hasn't turned out *anything* like I thought it would. When I was around 8, I had my entire life planned out. I didn't know exactly what I wanted to do, but I knew which schools I wanted to go to, I knew what University I wanted to end up in.

Depression hit when I was 11. It hit me like a ton of bricks, and my parents tell me now that they ignored it because they didn't want to stigmatise me by taking me to a doctor or therapist. Maybe if they had, I wouldn't be in this position now, but I'm not allowed to speak that thought out loud. Mother knew best. Still does.

They dealt with it by ignoring it and occasionally quietly raiding my bedroom when I was asleep and conviscating the razor blades I was using to cut up my arms and legs on a near-daily basis. I always got more.

Mother withdrew me from school to "homeschool" me, but that never happened. I thought I would be dead by the time I was 16 - maybe that's why I didn't do anything to teach myself. I was taken out of school when I was 12 and the expectation was that I teach myself from then on. I want to scream about how ridiculous that notion is - a *normal* 12 year old doesn't have the self-discipline or ability to teach themself, let alone one as miserable as I was. I didn't have a real social life anymore, I stopped going outside for 4 years, so I made friends on the Internet... they are the only reason I lived beyond my 16 deadline. I wish they hadn't.

I've tried to go back into formal education twice, once at 16 and once at 17. Both times, being thrust back into the outside world around all those people quickly overwhelmed me after being a hermit for 4 years - I dropped back out in less than a year each time.. I couldn't cope with the new panic attacks on top of my still-crippling depression. I didn't do anything at all from ages 17 - 22... last year, I applied to sit some exams this year. My first one is later today. I paid all the fees myself with the disability payments I get for being a Broken Person, didn't tell anyone but my boyfriend.

I still don't know self-discipline. Still don't know how to stop myself procrastinating. And my mother *really* doesn't like me taking time to do things for myself. She calls me selfish when I do, throws constant distractions and demands and insults my way until I give up on whatever it is I'm trying to do. I knew it would happen again, so because I'm Fucking Stupid I decided I probably didn't need to study until closer to the time.

I started less than a week ago and it's not enough.

I'm failing myself again. I am a complete waste of a human being. If someone would say I could just go to sleep and never wake up, I'd be glad. I am trying to work up the nerve to sit on the railway tracks near my house and wait for the first train to come. I don't have enough pills in the house to kill me. I could hang myself.

I can't tell my boyfriend I'm feeling like this *again*, it would devastate him. For some inexplicable reason, he can't see that he would be better off without me. I've told him to seek out someone else, someone better, but he refuses.

I'm crying because I'm still alive and don't want to be. Because I fuck everything else up and I'm just trying to decide how to die without fucking that up too.