I'm In a Constant State of Questioning Reality and...No one else seems to recognize how absolutely fucked up everything is. I'm used to spiraling,I'm used to metaphorical rock bottoms. I'm not used to the confirmation I've received on all ends. I'm not used to feeling quite this worthless-- this meaningless. I suppose the catalyst of sorts could be attributed to an ex GF I'm 99% sure I fabricated. My life has been... confusing, I suppose. Since I met her, that is. But from the moment we first spoke, I was almost painfully overwhelmed by the thought that something wasn't right. She was too... good. Like there are people with fragile egos and low self esteem who will say similar but I mean it with full sincerity. She was TOO good. She was too... she was the first person to make me feel sincerely loved. I can only vaguely remember the good and bad times between us. I'm unsure if that is because they never happened or maybe the physical damaged I've tried to inflict on myself has scrambled my brain. Haha. But... we broke up. Or... I stopped entertaining the idea of this figment, this theoretical person, loving me when no one else did. No one else would. No one else could. I... it's all cloudy honestly. One would expect a fantasy world to be pleasant. One would expect that in a world I made up, I would have options. You know? There are times it feels too bad to be true, though. I can't afford to be alive. I'm a cancer 'survivor' (lmao) with a number of medical issues that make it nearly impossible to get affordable insurance. I did the math. In less than 1/3 of a year, one could cover the cost of cremated and then some, for the price I pay for health insurance. I've been bobbing along. There are occasional bitchslaps from existence that I never know if I should give merit to. I reached out to someone who meant the world to me, meant everything. I asked for another chance though I oftentimes don't know what I did so wrong in the first place. And it's not a denial of doing wrong, I know I did. I just struggle to remember how I messed up, exactly. And they told me to let them 'think about it'. But I couldn't leave well enough alone. I... the point is, if they were real, they're gone now. Gone. Told me they weren't my therapist-- and fuck if that isn't the truth and in a perfect world I would have a coming to god moment and realize I need help. But that was never in question. I know I need help. I'm simply not worth the effort. Recently I overheard my mother implying that she wished someone would give me what I deserve. My father used to cover for her, but he doesn't bother anymore. He and I both recognize my worth or lack thereof. But the things people say are occasionally confusing. When I ask my dad what I have to live for, he's angry that I asked and suggests I buy him a grill... it's strange. It doesn't hurt anymore. There isn't much that does. It's confusing. I can't understand and it seems I'm the only one confused. So... I suppose I just... I don't necessarily want comfort. I just want my feelings to exist in some manner, outside of my mind. The confusion. The pain that never ends. At the end of the day, can you call my intentions suicidal? Can you kill what never was?