It hasn't gotten better.8 months ago I made a post on this account. 8 months ago I'm just as depressed as I am now. 8 months ago I was alienating people, and here I still am.

It doesn't help that even with my associates degree (of which I don't know half of because I cheated my way through it because I was just desperate to have a degree for a living wage) I can't get a job I don't even want due to the pandemic.

I hate the path I'm going down, but I don't have an escape. Computers are all I'm good at, and even then it's only with software. I like writing-- or at least think I do, as I haven't done it in ages-- but that isn't a viable career option.

I have a cheap 3d printer that I do projects with, but I am no good at 3D design. (I download models online.) I would get a better printer and make a service out of a couple of high end printers, but the market isn't there yet.

I can voice act, but my anxiety is getting in the way and I don't even know where to start.

I can't even drive because of my damn anxiety.

I don't feel passion anymore.

I feel lost and hopeless. I have 1 real friend, and 2 that are kinda friends but those relationships are hollow and my real friend is always busy and I don't wanna burden him because he has his own shit.

I have my boyfriend, but he's as depressed as I am, if not moreso, so he can't help much beyond giving me support.

I can't see a therapist because the offices are closed right now.

Frankly, I feel lost and hopeless. I'm socially inept due to my autism, which has caused me to alienate people. My career is frozen, I don't like where it's going. I don't know what to do. Some days I feel like just ending it here and now, but I know that'll only make the few people around me sad. I feel like I am wasting my youth away (I'm 21) and I felt tortured in high school, so I have ne3vee peaked. I have no idea where to go from here, I just want some direction again. I want to amount to something. I want to have an impact somehow, somewhere. I don't need fame, I just need direction.