First Draft of my Suicide NoteSo I posted earlier on here about my plans to go through with suicide and I'm in the process of picking a good date to complete it. It's weird to have strangers reading over what will be my final words on this earth, but strangers are all I have right now so I am thankful for the people who can at least read over it and give some feedback. Names are purposefully left out.
------------
Hey everyone, 

Hold onto your hats because this is going to get emotional. I want to start out by saying that I'm not angry. Not at all. I don't blame anyone for this and I take full responsibility for my actions. I'm not going to place the blame on other people or make tapes. This is my fault. I have left my depression untreated for an extremely long time and it got to a point where I could no longer get better. It's too late. I've driven away everyone I cared about because of it and I don't blame them one bit for leaving. I know a lot of people hate me for their own reasons. I was a terrible secret keeper and I loved way too fast and sometimes I seemed crazy, but I guess this actually confirms it. I understand. I hate me too. I hope people can forgive me and look at this from a different light. I tried the pills, the therapists, the self-help guides. It didn't work and now, I don't care for it to work. I'm so tired of everything going on. As some of you may know, I was diagnosed with HSV-1 which is herpes. That diagnosis hit me pretty hard and then a short time later, I was "sextorted" which means I sent explicit photos to someone and they threatened to send them to my family unless I sent more. I had to comply. I felt dirty and horrible.

A lot of people will probably think I'm selfish and if that helps you get over this, then think that. But I promise, I'm just tired and I'm trying to do what is truly best for me. I didn't mean to make anyone hurt and I am truly sorry to the few people who actually cared about me. When I'm gone, I don't want a fancy funeral or costly ceremonies. I'm perfectly alright with being forgotten. My sister has access to my Facebook now so if you want to save some special memories then delete the account, go ahead. I am certainly not someone to be remembered and I don't want people going on about how much they miss me in death when they never cared to show it in my life. The same people who had no problem abandoning me before should have no problem with my absence. I don't want to hear apologies or sympathies. I'm dead. It does no good to me now that you showed up. I would like the funeral to be family and a few close friends, if any feel like attending. I understand if you don't want to go and you should feel no guilt if you miss it. 

I made this to to let people know that I made this choice and that I wholeheartedly believed it to be the best one. There is a huge burden that will be off my shoulders and I honestly can't wait. I'm ready to finally commit to this and although I will miss so many people, namely, my mom, my sister, and my Dad, I just know that this had to happen. Now I can finally be okay. I hope everyone can come to forgive me some day. I love you all. 

-Me :)