ConfusedI tried killing myself in high school. From a young age I have been pretty sad. I can't really tell you why. I have a big family and they are all great. I just really don't relate to any of them. I'm the one who will sit by myself at parties and try to get people to leave me alone. I never really had a friend before. I have difficulty trusting people and opening up. I was in a relationship with a girl that I fell hard for. She was the best person I have ever met. She understood me and did not judge me. She loved me too. Things didn't work out because I thought I was terrible for her. I'm an awful person and I don't deserve someone like her in my life. I would just drag her down. She was probably the only person I have ever opened up to. In high school I was bullied a lot. I went to a small school, so everyone knew everyone's business. I was hated by the whole school for about 2 years. In that time I tried killing myself twice. The second time, my next door neighbor stopped me and told the school. I was put on a "vacation" for about 2 1/2 months. I still graduated on time because the school was afraid of a lawsuit due to them allowing bullying at my expense. That is when I got into drugs a bit more hardcore. At that point I smoked weed regularly. But then I started experimenting on anything I could get my hands on. That's when I found my love for opiates. Oxys and roxys became a norm for me. The feeling of absolute numbness became an escape for me. Rather than focus on everything going on in my head I could focus on staying awake. I came close to overdosing once. My friend flipped me on my side and forced me to vomit. I stopped a few months afterwards. My parents never knew about my drug addiction or attempts on my life, other than the one reported to school. I have always been afraid to talk to them. They are very critical and are focused on preserving self image. When the found out I attempted to end my life, they were upset because they thought it made them look like bad parents. I haven't done opiates or hard drugs for about 8 months. Since then I cannot get a grip on my life. Some days I'm extremely sad, and once in a while I will have a "good day". One thing remains consistent. I wake up and hope that I die everyday. I totaled my car about 7 months ago. As I made impact I just felt relieved. I crashed going 65 without a seatbelt on. I thought that was it, but I walked away from the accident. Lately I have gotten sadder and sadder. I feel like my time is coming up. I'm really tired of being stressed and stagnant. I feel like ending it would be the right choice for me. I don't know if I'm depressed or just sad. I just really want it to end. Is it weird that I find this cathartic? I have never had anyone to talk to. 