Thinking about suicide daily, wanted to share my storyHello all.  I am in a very odd place in my life, and I am posting here to see if anybody else has been in a similar spot or knows of any helpful advice.  This is probably going to be a long post, but it would mean the world to me if even one person reads this.  This is on a throwaway account, obviously.  

I am an 18 year old boy, and I just finished my first semester at university.  I am set to return in about a week.  I have had fairly severe mental health issues throughout my life, including depression and OCD.  I thought I had grown out of all of it by the time I left for college but I guess I was wrong.

Basically, I think about killing myself every single day.  I spend so much of my time considering how I would do it, about how much I don't want to live, trying to decide how to prepare, etc.  And I cannot stop thinking about it.  It's extremely difficult to go through the motions of life while such troubling thoughts are always present, especially since I pretty much have to keep everything to myself.  It is impossible to be present and engaged in life when I think about death constantly.  It's disturbing to me that I find suicide to be such an attractive option, considering that I am only 18 with my whole life ahead of me.  But whenever I think about the mistakes I've made in the past, or the fear that I feel regarding the future, I immediately think to myself that i would be better off dead.  Every single day, I feel a crippling amount of guilt, fear, dread, and general sadness, and it brings me an eerie sense of calm when I think about ending it.  Something has to change.  I can't live my life in this state of mind.  I just don't know how to "snap out of it."

The worst part about all of this is that I have no good reason to feel this way about my life.  My family is stable, and although I have had a horrible relationship with my parents in the past, we get along well now, and they are both good, loving people.  They support me financially, and going to college is the only real responsibility I have.  Compared to some of the other stories I have read on this sub, my personal struggles seem measly.  Even still, I feel a strong desire to die regularly.  As much as want to, I know that I don't have the steel nerve needed to kill myself, and even if I did, I don't want to put my family through the trauma of losing a son.  So, realistically, suicide isn't an option.  Which is why I really, really want to stop fantasizing about it.  Having suicidal thoughts daily is making me miserable and sucking the joy from my life.  The more I think about suicide, the more sad and hopeless I feel, which just makes me think about suicide more.  It's a downwards pattern that I cannot escape.  

I did very mediocre work my first semester of college, and I've gotten caught with weed twice already.  I might get suspended.  Even though I've made an effort to join several organizations, I feel very isolated and have not made any friends that I can really feel comfortable with.  I feel like a cog in the machine of my huge state university.  I do not want to return next year, but I fear that with my 2.8 GPA and multiple marijuana offenses, I will not be able to transfer.  I know that my irresponsible marijuana use has damaged my life substantially, but I have a feeling that I will be smoking and self-medicating to escape my problems soon enough.  I really don't have any real ambitions or direction right now, and I am afraid that I will mess everything up and live a bland, boring, pathetic life.  I have seen myself make so many stupid decisions, over and over, that I do not trust myself to become a successful, productive person.  I instinctually avoid hard work, discipline and routine even though these are the things I need most.  My depression and OCD have resurged in a big way, and it feels as though each day I am falling further and further into a large, pitch black hole.  I cry all the time, for many different reasons but I have to retain my composure around others and appear cheerful all day long.  I have never even kissed a girl.  Every day feels like a blur.  All of my introspective thoughts are centered abound suicide, even though I would much rather think about anything else.  I have a severe stutter and many people think I am "slow", even though I am mentally functioning.  I am overweight and my many attempts to shed pounds have never lasted.  I am so disappointed in myself and I know that if not for the continuing financial support of my parents, I would probably already be dead.  Whenever I consider all of this, I just want to be done with it.  I feel bitter towards the hand that I was dealt but I know that in the grand scheme of things, I got lucky.  I just want to recoil from life rather than engage with it.  But I know I won't have the will to put a gun to my head and pull the trigger, or hang by a noose, or slit my wrists.  Arrrrggh.  I fucking hate this.  

I just want to feel okay, and feel some sort of pleasure or contentment, perhaps a sense of drive and purpose as I go though my days.  That's all I want.  Has anybody felt any of the same things?  I'd be happy to answer any questions.  ANY ideas as to how I can get out of this funk, and get my life back on track, would be very much appreciated.  

Thank you, and I love you all.  ~Jay

p.s. So far, the only thing I have found that can make me feel genuinely happy and excited about life (other than weed) is *The Big Lebowksi*.  I love that movie so fucking much.  I can watch it over and over with a big grin on my face.  I am so happy to live in a world where that film exists.  The dude abides.