Well...bye worldThis is a follow up post from a month ago. Before you people go and say ' ah don't do it' or 'call hotline', I've decided regardless.

I'm going to end myself tomorrow . It might not end well. I might totally chicken out. The branch  from the tree might snap and prevent me from hanging myself etc. There are countless possibilities. I digress, I want to briefly point out why I'm going to end myself for those who know me irl but most importantly thank some people who helped me for different reasons in my 17 years of life. The best thing I can do before I leave is to be grateful. These past few years I lived as a lifeless incarnate resenting being born. Now, I just want to express my gratitude before I rest in peace.

In a nutshell

I'm ugly. Lack self confidence. Can't socialise well. Bad pronunciation of words. Freeze up in conversations.

Dumb. Born to fail. Already given up trying to learn. Suck at memorising. Forgets everything the next day.

Stresses out. Now developing breathing problems. Can't sleep like I used to. Used to love sleeping. Now I hate it.

&amp;#x200B;

To Anon, 1,2, and 3 ( I hope you know who you are)

Anon#1: We met up recently and had a chill conversation unlike when we first met. Your're probably my best buddy for exchanging a 1-1 conversation judging from the recent visit. I hope you can find what you want to do whether a head chef, or making music and no I'm sorry I won't be working with you. Note, remember money comes and goes so taking care of yourself top priority! 

&amp;#x200B;

Anon#2: Anon#2 I think I've known you for 2 years. However, this year you ignored me for a bit but we made up through playing fortnite together cough\*'pigoftruth'. You definitely cheered up in private study sessions and best of luck becoming a zoologist:)

&amp;#x200B;

Anon#3: It's somewhat ironic I'm thanking you as I treated you like trash by going off with another group of 'friends' in year 9/10. This year has truly changed my perception of you: the school trip to CERN just reinforces my understanding of what you're like. Sometimes I get confused whether you're my enemy, study buddy, friend, or best friend and a bit of narcissism kicks in now and then. Nevertheless, you are an awesome person. Do not let other people bring you down and keep spreading  positivity like you always do . You helped with an ample amount of school work, had silly conversations and also my fortnite buddy,'chicken21112'.   You are one the people I don't feel insecure about showing the true me, the best of me. Sorry for ignoring your text messages this whole month. I support you with your ox-bridge endeavors. Fighting! :)

Peace.

Lemon\_\_nomeL