I'm invisible. I'm thinking of ending things.Just in case, English isn't even my second language, so sorry in advance for this mess, but I'm not in the right state of mind to give a fuck about my mistakes now.  


I'm tired of this shit, like, really. If someone is doing something reckless/fun, he's considered to be a fun person, right? Well if I'm doing the same (not to prove anything, but just because I want to), I hear "wow, she's always so quiet, I wouldn't expect this from her". If somebody supports someone through hard times, they become friends. If I'm always there for someone, they don't even bother to invite me to their birthday party. If people are being silent most of the time, it's okay, they're cool and even mysterious. If I've been talking literally the whole night and then sat in the corner to check on my phone once, "Are you having fun? I haven't heard a word from you this whole evening". I spent the weekend after my birthday alone, because no one from those who I wanted to invite, didn't even text me a simple "congrats!". 


I have this recurring nightmare that I have a wedding and my guest are talking to each other: "So, are you OP's friend?" "Umm, not really, I don't know her that much, we just work together. What about you?" "Same, actually. But I felt kinda sorry for her, so I came".  


I've never been a reserved person, I have no problems to talk about myself and about what's important to me. I'm also a great listener, believe me. I actually care. I'm not your typical extravert, but I'm not an introvert either. I love meeting new people, I love parties and big gatherings. So I tried to deal with my loneliness, but I can't. I WANT to have friends! I actually have some, but they are far away, and after analysing my situation, I'm not even sure that I can call someone a friend anymore.  


Why does everybody give a fuck about everybody but me?
I feel delusional and pathetic. It's like looking in the mirror and seeing your brown hair, then going out and hearing everyone saying "This blond doesn't suit her at all". I feel like I have no connection to reality, and even my low self-esteem is actually too high.   


I'm thinking of killing myself. I've lived like that for 24 years, so why should I hope that things will get better in time? I don't need you to convince me not to. You're just another person who doesn't give a shit about me (which is okay), just feels sorry for my situation. And when I'll do it, no one will care. Or they'll say "that was kinda predictable, she's always been so quiet, something must've been wrong with her".
I just wanted to be heard. At least once. Have a great day.