feeling hopelessI don't even know where to begin... I am 24 years old and I have talked to fewer than a dozen people in the the last 12 years. I have never had a friend.. I was home schooled until I was 11, then everything went to shit. My dad had a series of debilitating strokes which he never recovered from. He didn't have health insurance, so my mom ended up working two jobs to help pay for his physical and speech therapy. All schooling pretty much ceased at this point. After 4 months of therapy, we eventually just couldn't afford it anymore. My dad came home and was almost entirely bed ridden, needing help to get in and out of bed, into his wheelchair, help to go to the bathroom, eating, anything.  I learned to understand his slurred speech and would often times have to translate it for my mom. if I wasn't there she would ask him to repeat everything over and over, and she'd talk to him like he was stupid or deaf. My dad would just look so sad and frustrated at this. After seeing this several times, I made it a point to always be there for him. I basically became his primary caregiver.


This was my entire life for more than a decade with very little change.  My dad's health began to decline steadily in 2010, he was losing more and more weight. He didn't even want to do anything. it would take him up to 30 minutes with my help just to get into his wheelchair, and at that point he looked completely exhausted and would ask to go back to bed after just a few minutes.  it took so much effort to get him to eat anything. I'll never forget how weak and frail he looked towards the end. He passed away in his sleep august 15, 2010. The doctors said he weighed 83 pounds when he was examined. I remember feeling so shocked at this, and I felt so guilty that I didn't get him help sooner. I could of called an ambulance or gotten him to a hospital months earlier.

I have been completely lost since my dad died. My mom doesn't even really talk to me anymore, as soon as she gets home from work she drinks until she falls asleep on the couch.

Occasionally she'll get really upset and tell me I need to learn how to drive and get a job, 
but then she'll forget about it for months only to bring it up all of the sudden and scream at me.


I feel utterly empty and useless. I feel incredibly frightened and overwhelmed just being out in public. I don't even know how to talk to people normally. I have no idea how to make a friend.  I cannot believe that I am 24 years old. In my mind, it doesn't feel like so much time has passed by. I feel like I should be maybe 14. it just seems unfathomable how old I am. I don't feel like an adult. 

I have been thinking about suicide for over a year now. I am right on the verge of actually doing it. I can't think of any other way out... I just want to give up.