My plan? Hoping I won't surviveOriginally I planned to commit suicide by cutting my throat open. Yes, it sounds morbid but I found pleasure in the imagination and knew I could do it with the right tool. But that's the problem. A simple boxcutter won't do, at least not our dull one at home. I remembered my mother having a scalpel and I managed to find it after a loung treasure hunt only to realise it also wouldn't do the job. Even the blade of a pencil sharpener would work better. My sister does have a professional blade to shave beards with since she is a hairdresser but she doesn't live close to me and stealing it shouldn't be easy. 

Here aren't any nearby buildings which are high enough to jump from and die. There are train tracks but I always was scared of being run over by a train so it's the one option I don't wanna choose. And since I don't live in America I won't find a gun that easily. I could drown since I live close to the ocean but getting there still takes some effort and time.

But I still decided recently on a date to die. Just how? I'm able to hang myself in the nearby woods but knowing how high the rate to survive from hanging is doesn't really makes it an option to me. I did wonder if it would work if I would also drink alcohol, cleaning products and take every pill I find at home before putting my head in the noose. I'm not really convinced but it's the best I can do. 

And what do I have to lose? It might be a permanent solution to a temporary problem but at least it IS a solution! I'm sick of having to back down. I have horrible grades because I'm just so traumatized and think no one will ever accept my opinion again which is why I can't raise my hand anymore in class and seeing how soon I graduate from my school scares the shit out of me. I don't want to continue as who everyone sees me, I don't wanna stay in this body for ever. Having to deal with suicidal thoughts on a daily base paired with the feeling of being constantly stared at and having tomatos thrown at me while not being in peace with myself is f*cking exhausting! 

Is it selfish from me to have the desire to commit suicide? Yes, but everyone says you should treat yourself sometimes and so will I hopefully quite soon. Bye for now.