I think I’m coming to terms with letting go of life. It feels somewhat peaceful.My whole world changed last week and I’ve been feeling very suicidal. I’ve felt like this in the past, but it was more romanticising with the idea of death, and I could never really settle on how I wanted to go. The idea of going through with it terrified me and I always tried to take my mind off it. There was a night that I was taking drugs at a party, and I never had the intention to end it that way, but I also didn’t really care about if I did, so I just kept on taking more and more. I apparently blacked out once that night. Didn’t care when I was told about it... But one day part of me thought fuck, maybe there is something in the life worth living for, I’ll try get through this. Eventually I went to my GP and reached out for some help. 


The therapy I tried was awful, and didn’t make any impact. I tried getting on with things on my own and I thought I was getting better, I set goals, ended a relationship that was dragging me down emotionally and mentally, I felt good. I was making progress. I was doing well. 


But then recently my best friend who I care more about than absolutely anything on this godforsaken planet used me as a rebound. He tore my world down with his lies, killed my dreams by leaving me numb and practically spat on my will to live. I’m done.

I’ve actually settled on how I want to go. Every day I wake up and my heart races at the knowledge I’m still alive, so every day I expose myself to how I want to go and slowly I feel more at ease knowing that it’s all going to be over soon. 

Every time I think about how life might be like if I don’t go through with it, but the thought makes me sick. I don’t want to be here anymore. I don’t even think I want to discuss it, I’m not really sure why I’m posting here. To vent I guess. 


Stupidest part of all this is that I still love him. Still care about him. I’d do almost anything for him... but I won’t carry on living for him. I won’t even do it for myself. 
I want to be angry at him, so help me god I do, but I can’t. We have so much history. He’s not a bad person. Cutting him out of my life isn’t an option, as that leads me back to wanting to end my life. 


Everything points back to one outcome, and I take some comfort in knowing that. Not every life has is precious. The only impact of me dying is loved ones having to clear out my possessions. I bring no value to anyone else’s existence unless I’m being used for something. 
I don’t want to feel anymore. 