What I want and needThis may or may not stay up/get approved depending on its content because most places forbid discussing it in this way. I tried to find more rules on this subreddit, because I don't want to post anything that isn't supposed to be here, but I found nothing stating anything about it. I am desperate to get this out somewhere and hope it stays.

I want and need somewhere that people can freely talk about self harm, depression, and suicide. You can talk about how it makes you feel, even if it makes you feel happy, comforted, addicted, etc. You can talk about whatever you like, in whatever depth you like. You could also show any pictures (possibly blurred until you click on it, so it isn't as bad to some). 

This would not be encouragement for self harm, suicide, depression, etc. It would not be a place for people to say "just do it" or plan their suicide, etc. For example, I want to talk about how cutting made me feel happy and comforted while everything else made me feel miserable, how looking at my cuts made me feel happy and not shamed, how I loved watching blood drip down my wrists. This is not allowed to be spoken in most subreddits, but I need to get it out. I want someone to share their self harm stories with me, their life story. 

Lately I have needed someone to talk with. No, I do not mean support chats either. I need someone who has gone through the emotions, or at the least isn't just set on trying to get you to stop or not think the thoughts. I do have the desire to continue, but I swore to my fiance that I would not do it again. He has already told me he would not forgive me if I went against my swear. So, since I cannot actually do it, I want someone to talk to about it, to get my frustrations out with and maybe speak to about the past. Someone who will not judge me, someone who will not try to just be "support" and "help". 

I wouldn't even mind doing roleplays with self harm and suicide topics in it, but not just the type where everything is "implied". I want the emotions tied with the acts to show, not just be a short sentence acknowledging it happened. Most roleplaying sites do not allow self harm or suicide in the threads, and if they do it literally has to be implied that it happened with no further details.

I do not need to be told that there are support lines out there. I know that. Heck, that is all google wants to show, and if you -support from your search most things are old or inactive. 

If this stays up long enough, maybe someone can direct me to such a place. Maybe someone could also create a place as such. If it stays I will also update it as I think of more. Last night I had so much in my head to speak about, but I was too sleepy to type it all up.