i have no idea what to doi turned 18 in july. i recently found out i might have autism (and i think it explains a lot), but it was never diagnosed. someone i used to love posted things a few months ago, basically saying i was toxic and a horrible person and they wish they could hurt me back. this really fucked me up, because i didnt know i was hurting her or that i was saying anything wrong. i was really suicidal, but got advice that motivated me to forget about her, not give up, find a purpose in life (i still have the screenshot as my phone wallpaper.) this helped, and from then until a few weeks ago, i tried really hard to fight against depression. however, things got bad again when i tried to apply for a job. i freaked out ended up not going to the interview. things went downhill and i stopped leaving the house ever, or trying to cook or keep interested in anything. all i do is play video games, but i can feel myself losing interest in them too, i sit around just thinking when not playing. i know im a failure and a huge disappointment. i cant go to the community college i was planning on trying because that person goes there, and seeing her terrifies me. i know things are going bad, so i asked my mom to get a psychiatry appointment, but i heard her and my dad talking about the copay, my dad saying how its not their responsibility anymore to pay for it, but theyll help this time. this really freaks me out. i really need to get tested for autism. im also trans, and just knowing how extremely far away and expensive hormones are hurts so much. i need to get a job, but its terrifying, and there are ao few options, as my social skills are absolutely awful. i dont see how i can possibly do anything or support myself in life with my depression, anxiety, possible autism, and inability to talk to people right. i feel awful mooching off my parents. i dont want them to have to pay for me to got to the mental hospital for a 4th time, so i havent told them how bad im doing. the best option is suicide, which ive researched and have a plan i believe will work. the only thing stopping me is a thought i had. my parents raised me, sent me to therapists and hospitals and such. i feel like itd be really inconsiderate to kill myself after theyve put so much money into me. would it make that a waste? would they think raising me was a waste and regret it? normally i have the mentality that when im dead, ill be gone so it doesnt matter if people are sad or anything(i rarely care about people's feelings right anyways).
ive done 4 and a half years of "wait and itll pass", coping strategy, find the right medication/therapist, talk to someone you trust, "it gets better lel" shit, im done waiting and trying because im pretty sure that ill never have a good life or be successful. i just dont have motivation or any skills. sorry this post isnt written well or anything, im bad at writing. i just dont know where else to get advice on this.