I honestly don’t know if I can make it another day. My Mom passed and I lost everything with her.I’ve battled mental health issues &amp; self-harmed since I was 13. My Mom is the only one who made an effort to understand or try to help me. When she got sick, I dropped out of school to take care of her cause my Dad said she was a burden and my brother couldn’t be bothered, despite him being the older sibling.

The things I’ve seen as her caregiver have given me PTSD. I still have nightmares, 3 years later. When she passed, I planned the whole funeral myself. I didn’t get to heal because with my Mom went her income so it was up to me to find a more serious full time job than my last gig while getting back into school. But, I was diagnosed with bipolar last year and it became very hard for me to function in the work place so I had to leave my job. 

When my Mon passed, my two friends basically were nowhere to be found. I guess no one wants to be friends with the sad girl. My relationship was really supportive but recently my partner has been saying the same, that it’s draining to be around me. I just hoped someone would be there but all I’ve got is me and it’s so hard. I feel lonely and tired and defeated.

My Mom was so young. Her death, so cruel. She was my best friend in the world. She was the one I could always talk to and it sucks that I’m literally alone in the world without her. I go weeks without leaving my apartment if I can. I don’t speak to anyone - no one to speak to. My family and I live 10 mins away from each other but no one has time for me. My calls get ignored. I feel like I’m struggling and it’s obvious and no one cares to help. Or at least just extend a hug. It feels like I’m already dead, so why even bother?

Everything is pointless. I don’t even enjoy just taking a walk in the park and being in the sun anymore. I’m scared to die but I know I’m not living. I have no one. No one to talk to, no one to call. It sucks being this alone.

I miss my Mom so much. I can’t move on with my life, without her. I’m tired of feeling this way and I can’t do it anymore.