It's getting to be about that time Why did I ever recover from heroin addiction and not just off myself when I had the fucking chance? Literally nothing has gotten any better. My wife still left even after I was recovered and doing better. I'm back to always being depressed, and now have no way of coping with it. I still struggle with the after effects of my addiction and no longer have an option to manage my physical pain, so I just suffer all the fucking time. I lose sleep because of it which only adds to the anger and frustration.
I quit drugs and alcohol 6 years ago, improved my diet and lost a bunch of weight thinking life would get better once I stopped being a fucking idiot and got my shit together, yet none of it seems to matter. At all. I still feel absolutely horrible! The only thing that has changed is I now have no coping mechanism, nor do I have any pain relief. Just more pain, both physical and psychological.
I can't stand to be around other people unless it's those of my choosing which makes holding down a job next to impossible. Dating is completely out of the question, and even when it wasn't I was constantly rejected which only made me feel worse about myself. I'm finding myself pushing people away lately which is not like me at all. Minor complications keep piling up creating major complications that become too god damn overwhelming to deal with! I am angry and feel so alone all the fucking time and it just builds and builds until I explode and completely lose control. I go into a blind rage and just start destroying shit then feel like a complete fuck up afterward. I isolate a LOT and either just cry or lay there feeling angry. On "good days" I just feel numb.
 I swore I'd never go back to heroin and I have stayed true to that thus far, but I'm beginning to think that one last dose might be just what I need to shut all of this insanity up for good. I fucking hate my life. Hell, I hate life in general. Everything is completely fucked in this world, in and outside of my personal life, and there's only one thing that I can think of to put a stop to it all.
 Can anybody give me a good, solid reason why aside from "oh,  it'll get better" or "you'll only hurt those that love you" I shouldn't just bang an entire 8 ball and not ever wake up again?