Justified RetributionI always believed I was the outlier to everything bad. Most things I've said in the past was just a plausible excuse to deny the fact that I was really a terrible person. I would belittle people and their emotions for the sake of satisfying my own fragile ego. 

Well, enough with beating around the bushes. I'm going to to tell you guys a story in hopes of mitigating all the hopelessness that some of you may feel. Back when I was in high school, I was probably a borderline bully without even realizing it. Most things I said were either vulgar or profane yet I disregarded it because to me in my eyes, I genuinely believed that it was in a joking manner. It didn't matter if the person I was speaking to had a disability or mental problems, the portrayal I gave myself was to be "honest." The one thing that stuck with me the most was how easily I was able to brush off depression. I took AP Psychology so I indeed understood depression but not enough to empathize nor sympathize with people who had it. Whenever a friend would tell me about their problems, I just told them that they're being too sensitive and need to learn how to confront the issue themselves. Of course the words seemed a lot easier than it really was. When it came to online friends if I believed that they had too much issues they would be deleted off my friends list instantly without any thought of how it would affect them. I brushed out everyone that I thought was useless and emotional. Who would have thought irony would come back as karma. I wanted to get rid of everyone who i deemed was useless and emotional yet I was the one who became a lonely and miserable guy in the end. There are times when I'm fine with being alone but there are nights where I become excruciatingly lonely. If I was nicer to people then maybe I wouldn't have drove them away. Why didn't I take the time to understand where others came from? Why did I drop them without any concern? This ultimately led me to become who I am today, some miserable guy who wishes he could repent for all that's happen in the past. I don't even deserve to kill myself, that's just another excuse and I don't want to end my life and have a legacy of being a coward jerk. I will attempt to wholeheartedly change myself and become a better person but for now, this loneliness and sadness is currently what I have to embody.

What was my point with this short reflection? Those who have been abused and mistreated, please understand that life isn't against you. This proves that anyone is vulnerable and that you're not alone. There is no value in killing yourself because of how turmoil life may be. Melancholy exists in order for elation to exist. When you feel sad, it means that happiness certainly exists. Please don't give up so easily and do your best to live for tomorrow.