I don’t think there’s a way for me to get better. I have an ethical obligation to kill myself.I don’t think that there is a way for me to get better. I have spent a year and a half dedicated only to trying to get better. At 17 years old I find myself In the exact same place I was as a 15 year old in sophomore year. People keep telling me “things will get better” I don’t think they will. I think I’m different. You can read my previous posts for a background of my symptoms. Anyways the only way I kind find any sort of joy at this point is by distancing myself from the world. Playing video games and being high are the only things that make me feel anything.

I digress, I think that I’m doing a disservice to myself and my family if I continue to live. A. I am putting myself in pain for no reason. I don’t think there is a point for me to suffer any longer. For a long time the thing that kept me from seriously considering suicide as my exit strategy was my family. 

Recently I came to the realization that I’m not going to get better. If I continue to live I will only be in pain for the rest of my life. This brings me to my second point. B. It’s unfair to keep my family hopeful. I’ve accepted the fact that My life on earth is done. I think it’s a fucked up thing to do to keep them thinking that things will turn around when they never will. It’s best to end my life so that they can let the thought of me go and get on with their lives.

I am pretty sure I’m going to go through with it. I’m going to go to one more therapy session. I’ll tell my therapist about my thoughts and give him a chance to convince me otherwise. My last hope is that these are just delusional thoughts that every person who is “depressed” has. Sadly I’m confident that I’m thinking clearly. 

I wish that I hadn’t been born. I wish that I didn’t have to worry about the well being of my family. It makes this so much harder. I want to get over with this and just be gone. Every time i look at any of my family members I want to cry. They have no clue how much pain I’m going to cause them. I hope they are all right. I fear I’m going to cause my parents to get a divorce or cause one of my family members to fall into depression. The world would be better without me. If I simply didn’t exist. Fuck this.

I digress, I’ll probably write a goodbye note to reddit. I’ll write one to my family and I will write a note to the world and society in general. 

Until then, I’m unsure of how I’m going to kill my self. I’m scared of using a knife or hanging myself. I don’t think I could cut myself and I’m scared banging myself won’t work. I don’t think I can get my hands on a gun because I live in an extremely privileged white community In the suburbs of Grand Rapids. I think the person who I would ask for a gun would be suspicious of me. I’ve thought about using my car but I don’t think I should fuck my parents over financially as well. This all leads me to pills. I don’t know what I would use but I need it to work. Surviving would be too much pain for me and for my family. Any suggestions drugs or otherwise are appreciated.