My brother (17) attempted suicide yesterdayHe's been depressed since middle school when he started getting bullied. During the past few years, it's been getting worse. He was diagnosed with anxiety and depression and still takes xanax and some other drugs. When he was a high school freshman, his anxiety was so bad that he couldn't even go to school. He would get panic attacks, cry and scream on the way to school, he had absolutely no friends, didn't talk to anyone and it was really bad. He was suicidal even then, but didn't actually try to do anything until now. Recently, he found a girlfriend and both me and my parents thought it would make him feel at least a bit better because he needs and wants to socialize. But the problem is, when something goes wrong even a little, he flips out. He starts throwing everything around the house, threatens me and my parents, fights us and sometimes even brings out a knife. He can't control himself but regrets it all later. Yesterday , his girlfriend told him that they have no topics to talk about. When he came home, he took 10 xanax pills to "calm himself down". My dad noticed he was a little...off and tired, but didn't think much of it since he thought it was just lack of sleep. A few minutes later, my brother told him the truth and when I heard that, I immediately jumped in and told them to go to the hospital. They did and long story short, the doctors flushed his stomach (I don't know if that's how you say it) and my brother spend the night at the children's hospital connected to the tube. He was transferred to the psychiatric hospital today and I don't know when he's gonna be released. My parents are devastated and I'm worried for them because they have heart problems and I'm scared that this stress gonna harm them badly. The atmosphere in the house is so depressing and dull. I'm having trouble concentrating and I can't stop thinking about this. Today, he admitted that he attempted suicide and didn't take the pills just to calm down. It kills me that my brother is so sad and hopeless to the point where he tried to take his own life...I just can't believe that this is happening to me, actually my brother.  I can't stop blaming myself and feeling guilty. To all the depressed/suicidal people here: What would you want someone to say to you? How can I help him?  What shouldn't I do/say to him? Any advice would be appreciated. Thank you if you made it to the end and took the time to read this.

P.S. Sorry if there are any grammatical mistakes, English is not my first language, I didn't proofread this and I'm very tired. If anyone's wondering about my age, I'm 13. 