Think its timeAfter reading through this subreddit I’ve realized that people went through much more than I did and I’m just a pussy who can’t handle life. Looking at my life from the side it would seem that I have it easy; a few friends, university, family etc. But the reality is that no one really cares and I’m only needed when they need something. I was always the person who has to initiate the conversation or make plans. If i didnt do that i would be forgotten. I am 20 years old with little to no social life, I look about 14 because i am tragically underweight, the long distance relationship that i am in makes me paranoid because the girl is so far above my league its unreal. 
My teeth look like they’re throwing gang singns as my parents were more worried about alcohol than taking me to get braces, this creates major problems when communicating with other people. I try not to smile, there is not one picture of me smiling.  Even now i am typing this from an air mattress in the living room because my parents rented out the room that used to be mine. Don’t get me wrong, they have money and we never argue, they just dont care. Cant remember the last time i saw my father sober.

A few months back i decided to spend the money that i had saved up on a trip to asia, the only thought in my head when there was that i should fucking end it all. I saw a poster saying “Don’t give up” and it made me tear up. People have it much worse than me and I’m so much of a pussy that i get these thoughts when I should be happy with what I have. I am a worthless dissapointment to myself and everyone else that cared at any point. 

Every night I fall asleep with the thought of a rope around my neck going up behind my ears. I walked around the house looking for the right place to do it several times, the trees in the garden would probably be the best option. Self harm used to help in the past and take the edge off, it no longer helps. This is unfixable. I feel like I’m ill with an incurable disease that is killing me and it hurts more and more every day. I only see one way out and it honestly is a concious decision to end it all. There is absolutely no reason to carry on. Dont even know why I’m posting this because it makes it look like I’m still only considering it. I hope things get better here than they were when i was still around.