I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORESo my mother is an extremely emotionally abusive drunk. She verbally rips me to absolute shreds on a daily basis, and drinks so much that she's lost several jobs (including childcare) due to being drunk on the job. I am only 20 so I am not living with her by choice, but by need, and that I wanted to take care of her.

I am an absolute shell of a man. I have been told to kill myself so many times throughout my life it's not even funny, people always say I'd be doing myself a favor. So I isolated myself from these people until I only had one person left, the one person I thought I could depend on; my mom.

She's been in and out of rehab well over ten times and eventually her family decided to just frame me, her son, for a crime I didn't commit and got us kicked out of my grandparents house at age 18, homeless, still in high school. Then my mom became the worst bully, because she's the only person who's opinion I've ever actually really cared about.

After one of the worst years of my life, it just gets exponentially worse. This year I was held hostage and tortured by my own boss. This year one of my friends died (only 20) and several are homeless due to obvious financial complications. This year I lost almost $4000 due to a previous employer screwing me over and of course I can't afford to take legal action. That could have finally bought me another car - oh, did I mention my other one got stolen?

Drugs. I wake up with my heart pounding out of my chest. I need a Xanax. I scramble for my dresser. I need a Xanax. I open the drawer and take the xanax. Now I need a morphine, a bowl and a cigarette. Drugs. The only things that have kept me insane enough to stay alive through all of this.

I'm finally done. I have everything I need for a painless death finally and I'm getting off of this God forsaken earth as soon as fucking possible. She always makes fun of me and mocks me when I cry and beg her to stop drinking, so maybe she'll finally realize what she's put me through.

Shame is I actually had potential before. I scored a clean 29 on the ACTs and had an IQ of 133 (for whatever that's worth nowadays). My dream was to become a scientist and research new treatments for debilitating mental illnesses like the myriad I suffer from. That was back when I was normal.

I am no longer. I am a sub-human piece of garbage. I don't know what I did in my previous life to deserve constant agony and NOBODY to help me through it. I'm tired of living my life for other people.

Goodbye, reddit. I genuinely hope things get better for you guys if you're reading this. I'm sorry I couldn't be of more benefit to the world.