No matter what I do, I can't beat him.Relationship entering 5th year. On and off, but 5th year of being intimate with each other. 

He doesn't love me. Not like he used to. I know that. But I still loved him so I toughed it out, "for myself" my heart said. Long distance turned short distance (20 minutes drive) and he still can't commit to seeing me regularly (he says he's busy with odd shifts at work, I work an office hours job). We fuck a few times a year, texting contact aside from that. He'll be sweet once in a full moon. Other wise, it's pretty sex related any time we talk. Haven't seen each other in person for almost half a year now. 

Every time we're "off", it's because he's decided to chase some skirt. He just disappears and comes back pretending nothing was wrong, - "just busy" he'll say. But you can't put blinders on somebody in the age of social media, especially if you're going to be blatant about it. 

Every time, I took him "back" because I'm pathetic. Was pathetic. Latest round of this cycle left me in a bad place mentally. Sought help, been getting counselled since. Kept saying the next time I meet up with him, I'm going to confront him. Tell him to commit or get out. 

Last few months he's been freelancing, but still - not seeing me. Getting pretty fed up. He's been asking me for help. I've been cold calling different departments at my company to ask for favors, for interviews. It took a while, a lot of waiting, but he got one offer from one department. He hasn't emailed them back to my knowledge, asked me to reach out to another dept. The position was too "low" for his liking is my guess. Yesterday I got him another meeting offer (with other department) - dates TBD-ed. I text him the good news. No response even though he reads it.  

Too busy on social media posting on his ex's wall cause the ex is suddenly thirsty for his attention. The same ex who tried to ruin his life by ruining his image on social media. Who knows if he'll "come back" this time. I'm so tired of all this.

So yeah, fuck it all. FUCK IT ALL. I'm so tired of being punished for being good to him. 