I'm tired of being miserableI hate that the only happiness I can remember experiencing was when I was with my ex-boyfriend, if you can even call him that. It was a long-distance relationship that only lasted 2 months (last year) before he figured out that I wasn’t worth the effort. All I ever wanted in my life was someone to care about me, someone to be there for me when I needed a shoulder to cry on, but most importantly, someone to share my life with. Every day I browse Reddit and a dozen other websites and think of how he would enjoy the stories and videos I found. I think about how nice it was in the beginning when he told me he loved me and stayed up late at night waiting for me to come home. Now all there is in my life is loneliness and depression. I’ve tried so, SO hard to keep my head above water, but I always fall back into this pit of misery. I can’t seem to get over him and move on… I hate knowing I am worthless to him, that he doesn’t think twice about me or care how I am.

My friends care, I know they do… but it’s not enough for me and I hate myself for it. I know they would be sad if I killed myself, but at the same time I know that they would be okay. They have their SO’s, their families… I’m mostly a last resort these days, the person to talk to when no one better is around. I miss being someone’s number one. I feel like I could disappear and nobody would notice for weeks.

I don’t know how to make this agony go away. I’ve been fighting this episode for a few weeks now, but I’ve been depressed since I was about 12 and I'm 24 now. I tried ODing on Tylenol when I was in middle school and didn't do any harm other than making myself vomit. I've always been teased for being fat and though I've tried dieting and exercise I always reach a point where I think, "What's the point? Even if I were thin I'd still be a loser." I don’t see the point of continuing to live feeling this way when nothing is ever going to make it better. Nobody is ever going to legitimately love me, I’m ugly, fat, disgusting… worthless to everyone. 

I wish I didn’t have to wake up tomorrow and I feel extremely pathetic for allowing something like this to affect me so much, and for so long.