Not sure what to doI have been struggling with depression and suicidal thoughts my entire life. My earliest memories are of me being unhappy with something; breaking a toy sent me into a tailspin, missing my favorite television show made openly weep. These outbursts were immature to say the least, but those early feelings of anger and depression were always present beneath the surface of an otherwise 'normal' childhood. I resented a lot of the other kids because they had money, or because they didn't have younger siblings, or weren't the victims of an ugly divorce. This created a lot of anxiety for me because I always felt at odds with my peers, and beneath all of that I was gay in a place where that wasn't an option. My family was always very supportive of my schoolwork, but as my parents attention was split between their children I felt like grades were the only thing that mattered to them. I threw myself headfirst into my studies, despite the fact that I hated every minute of it.


As I grew into adolescence I realized that my tantrums (and generally effeminate nature) created a lot of conflict with the people around me, so I tried to internalize my feelings. I became quiet, distant, less angry and more sad. I never stopped feeling sorry for myself, whether it be because of my terrible, terrible acne, or because I was too skinny or whatever. As everyone around me got to experience a sexual awakening during puberty, I (like so many others) had to sit on my feelings with the vague notion that maybe after I graduated there might be opportunities to explore them. My grades continued to slip throughout high school, so much so that I had failed my junior year of English despite the fact that I was simultaneously running the school's award-winning newspaper. I just didn't care much anymore. Most of my thoughts were suicidal in nature and it became impossible to focus on anything but my self-loathing.


Often I would think that my depression was a way to draw attention to myself, but the sad fact was that still nobody noticed. Even as my grades plummeted none of my teachers or family seemed to ask 'Why?'Even if they had I don't think I would have had the courage to tell them. I came out to several friends I had made online with limited success, but the best friend I had fallen in love with openly scorned me for being gay and constantly threatened to out me. My senior year of high school was the most miserable time in my life. I would go to my room, lie in my bed and just pray that the roof would collapse on my or my heart would stop. As much as I thought about killing myself I never attempted it, but I attribute this more to a lack of conviction than a lack of desire.


After graduation I enrolled in a small community college to appease my family's concerns about my future. While I still lived at home, I worked very far away in the hopes of trying to build a life for myself on my own terms, as an out gay man. Being openly gay allowed me the freedom to date, to be feel accepted and understood much moreso than I had been by anyone at that point. It caused me to crave that affection; like many others I took to sleeping around and began an unhealthy obsession with sex that I still deal with. I made the first hook-up to show me any generosity or kindness my boyfriend, and for three years I was stuck in a loveless, controlling relationship. We moved in together quickly and things only got worse. He didn't understand my emotional situation and recommended I take anti-depressants.


When I saw a doctor they were very quick to give me a prescription of Zoloft, but the dosage was too strong that I became even more unbalanced. No longer were any of my feelings hiding under the surface. I was constantly on the verge of tears or so angry that I would break things around the apartment. He was finfancially supporting me and I felt the only way for him to pay attention to my pain was to hit him in the bank account. Several months had passed since I started taking Zoloft, and at this point all I ever felt was anger or a lingering numbness. I discussed my situation with my Mother for the first time around then, and her support encouraged me to try and quit the medication cold turkey. The side effects and withdrawals were very severe. There were some nights where my skin would randomly breakout in hives, or I'd lose my sex drive for weeks at a time. I quietly left my boyfriend after being together for three years, but that co-dependence still haunts me as I seem to jump from one relationship to another, regardless of quality.


Time has passed. I am 27 years old, in probably the first healthy relationship in my life and living in an extremely liberal part of the country. I have recently worked to try and repair my relationships with my family, who I had grown so cold and distant to over the years. It is wonderful to know that they accept who I am, even after the repeated failures I set-up for myself. Still, I go to bed and stay awake for hours because of these feelings of anxiety and unhappiness.


Three years ago I went to regular therapy sessions through an organization that helps low-income crazy people like myself. It was good to have an outlet to discuss my feelings, but I felt as if my therapist wasn't terribly engaged. We would talk about art or his travels and (occasionally) my life, but his questions were so unfocused and generic that I was able to talk him into thinking what a stable, mature person I was. It is still very difficult to talk about how I ever truly feel and I left those sessions  with his blessing. That night I sat in my bedroom alone and drank until my face was numb.


My life is objectively very good. I have a very active social life and many activities to keep me busy, but I'm still so unhappy. I have a very supportive partner who I love very much, but he does not understand the depths of my depression and discourages me from seeking professional help. For him depression is situational, and if I work to change my situation then perhaps I could be happy. I know this is not the case; I have come so far from where I once was, but every day the feelings are the same and it becomes harder and harder to take part in the life around me. I have grown to resent the people around me for being so functional and able to find happiness.


I'm the only person I know who wakes up miserable, with no enthusiasm or hope for the day. I feel unhappy all of the time, in varying degrees, but that pressure in my chest and dangerous thoughts are never far behind. In the past few months I feel like I have gotten worse, I just don't know why it's here or how to stop it. Recently I quit drinking, but this has done nothing but save me a headache the morning after. I smoke a lot of weed and I am aware of the dangers of smoking while depressed, but I feel even worse without that simple high to keep me subdued throughout the day.


No matter what it is I find a way to become stressed and unhappy about it. I find fault in everything, whether it be a trip to the movies or an expensive vacation. I am always tired, even when I find it impossible to go to sleep. One of my biggest worries is pushing the people closest to me away because of my behavior. For me every little thing is a crisis because I'm unable to handle the idea that this is it. I'm stuck with this life and I'm powerless to feel anything positive anymore.