i can'tgod this is so stupid im only here bc i literally dont have anyone else to turn to and this is just gonna get ignored too. its pathetic im so alone that i have to resort to this subreddit because i have no family or friends to reach out to. ive ruined all of my meaningful friendships. i only talk to my boyfriend anymore and hes not awake so he doesnt know. im so alone. and i want to just go ahead and get it over with because i have nothing to live for. but im scared to die. i dont want to die because i know it just feels like im alone but i have people that care about me and i know how sad theyll be if i hurt myself and i dont want to hurt anyone. 

but i cant do it!!!! i cant do it anymore im so tired of being alone. i want friends too but i feel like im such a waste of space that i cant bring myself to talk to anyone. i feel like im just going to ruin everything i touch. everyone leaves me. theres only one thing i have that makes me happy right now. at least enough to prevent breakdowns like these. but its not enough. its just a game im going to forget in a few years but thats the only thing i have. isnt that pathetic. im pathetic.

im 18. ive had 3 real suicide attempts now. my first one was in 2012 and my family laughed at me. my parents know im suicidal. my parents care about me, they say they do. but they dont care enough to ask whats wrong. they dont care enough to get me help despite me BEGGING them to. i have depression &amp; anxiety. hell im thinking ptsd &amp; bpd too but its not like id be able to get a professional diagnosis bc as far as my parents are concerned mental illness is just a state of mind. i choose to be like this. im breaking down in my room because i want to be.

ive been abandoned by ppl my whole life and i ruin potential friendships bc im afraid of ppl abandoning me. im really lonely and i just want a reason to live. my entire life for the past 6 years have been the same thing every day. im a drop out. i dont work. i dont go to school. im wasting my entire life away on my computer playing video games and i dont know how to stop it. i feel like ive thrown my entire life away and now i cant get it back. and now im telling my life story to strangers on the internet so i can feel better about myself.

this is long. but ive been bottling everything up for so long now and its gotta spill somehow. i need to call a hotline or something so i can actually get help but i cant talk. i just stutter and freeze and make myself sound as awkward and as sad as i possibly can. if u read thru this thank u it genuinely means so much to me that someone out there cares. i feel so hopeless.