I'm going to kill myself soon.This might be a little long, but I guess I just want to get things off of my chest, maybe it'll make someone feel less alone. I don't know.

I'm getting sicker with each passing day, my mental health is deteriorating fast and I don't know how to fix it or make it better anymore. I'm in therapy, I'm trying meds, I tried a change in diet (currently vegetarian, meat makes me puke no matter what it is or how it's cooked), I tried exercise, I tried helping others/those in need, but none of it seems to be working. I'm trying DBT and CBT and everything else my therapist suggests, but I feel like I'm such a lost cause.

I tried reaching out to people who I thought would give somewhat of a shit for me, only to be ignored. I always helped them, you know? When my "friends" mom was in an abusive relationship, I provided my "friend" resources in her area where they can go/who they can contact, etc, and I stayed up late while she freaked out over what was happening. I listened and helped a friend while she was feeling down about herself and everything that was going on, I provided alternatives to therapy (like art or writing or something), and I gave local resources to a friend whose father was abusive towards her, and I do this all the time when they need something. I try and I try and I give and I give, and when I need something, when I need help, it's ignored.

I can't speak to my parents, they'll only lecture and criticize me. When it comes to mental health, they're in serious denial with me (yet, so readily accepted that my brother has PTSD) and think I'm doing it all for attention. I can't tell my therapist or my psychiatrist, I'll be hospitalized and my parents will be notified because I currently live with them.

A few months ago, someone wrote a suicide note and placed me as a blame for them going to commit suicide. Because I didn't do what they wanted, because I disagreed with them on something stupid and proceeded to trash me whenever they could. They recently apologized to me, but ya know, there's no coming back from that. Everyone else has forgiven them, but I can't.

And now, these "friends" are just outright ignoring me. I don't know what I did, or what I said, I'm just not receiving any responses. It's like I simply don't exist.

And then work is shit because of course it is. It's retail, and we all know what retail is like. I used to kind of like it, my co workers were nice and then we got a new team lead, a new manager and things just went to hell. The TL was talking about my personal problems to another cashier, I was doing the job of eight people and I ended up having a massive breakdown because I hadn't gotten a break yet in seven hour shift, with no chance of getting off because the TL closed everyone but me?? And told my help to go out and cover someone's break and I was starting to get a line. And things have just been absolute hell at work since.

And I've picked up drinking. I don't drink, I don't like alcohol, yet, here I am. Drinking to the bottom of the bottle because cutting no longer helps, it just makes me feel so much more miserable. And we'll be putting down my cat soon and I can't take another death in 2018, especially something so important to me. The thought of losing my sweet old lady is the real kicker, and I know it's just a fact of life, but she's the only reason I've held on so long.

And so, so much trauma in my life, so much loneliness. I wasn't meant to be alive, I don't think. It seems whenever I try to be happy, when things go "okay", it can't remain that way for long.

My parents are going out of town soon, and that first day that they're gone, is when I will go through with it. I've been planning this for months now, to be honest. 

There, I said it. I'm going to kill myself, and that will be the end of it all. People won't have to put up with me anymore, and everyone will be happy and relieved, and the people who do care will move on, because that's how life works.