What the hell am I even doing here?Ok, because I know that I am going to write a freaking novel here, there is a TL;DR for trolls to read so that you won't spam to me that I shouldn't tell that much etc. bla bla idc

TL;DR: Shitty Childhood, Shitty Teenage Years, Shitty Parents, Helper for friends, gets me even more depresed, I just want to stop the pain, Just graduated from high-school with no plans for the future, no real-gf ever, introverted af in rl, extroverted in the internet, kinda like to personalitys, anxious agains women (got my reasons)

So, for everyone that ones to deal with my shit or not, here I come. To start off simply I got like the generic bullcrap Childhood as way to many kids these days, my parents were unable to cope with a kid and I was treated like an object. I wasn't really taken care of by them but mostly just given crap I wanted but nothing really personal happend between me and my parents.

In Kindergarden I was the person I am now in the internet, kinda. I was extroverted had many friends and people just generally liked me and I had alot of friends, but one kid, didn't like that and started to verbarly and later even physicaly harasse me. That harassement was a chalk brick into my face and some trys to poison me with certain lunatic ideas. It was later found out that he was psychologically damaged and picked me as a target, but the damage has allready been done, I was more insecure of myself and became more and more an introverted kid, that ofc lead to my parents and my real-life friends to not like me anymore, because I was a different person.

Later in secondary school with only new people I was hated by everyone instandly, It was hard to imposible to find new friends and those 2 I had from primary school instandly turned against me for some "cooler kids". So I was now hated by the majority of my class mates and the harrasement didn't stop there, I won't go into much detail because I just don't want to/can't. And my parents ultimatly wanted me to "grow up" and to protect myself agains bullies, so what did they do? They threw me on the ground hold my arms and screamed to me to free myself. I therefor not only started to hate everyone in school but then my parents. But then a random girl from my class approached me and asked me if we could be friends together, I didn't hesitated and we became good friends very quickly, she then asked me if we could date each other and It seems like my hole world would just get better again, but I was to optimistic about that. 2 weeks after our "relationship" began, which wasn't even like "friends with benifits", it was just a generic friendship that was called a relationship, she told me that she wanted to date me because she felt sorry for me and that she and I should move on.

As other kids in thier late puberty were alot intrested into sexual relationships and to lose thier virginity as fast as they could I just didn't care. Same to this date, sure I still try to find my "Significant Other" but not for any sexual reasons but for romantic and emotional ones, that is the first time I encountered my demisexuality, which made and still makes matters worse.

I woulnd't certainly be here anymore if it weren't for my best friend that I found randomly over the internet, we get along each other since 2011 and we are very good friends until this day. He saved my live but he doesn't know this because I haven't really spoken about my "past" with him, because that would most likely hurt our friendship. But for alot of people I meet I am like a psychiatrist because not only can I relate to other but I am a very good listener and know alot of the times if I should just listen and back up him/her or if I should activly help him/her. But this one the one hand helped me, because I also told them about my past but in most cases it just threw me back into a deep hole that I had to climb out once again. I had so many suicidal thoughts from the age of 15-17 but I never hurt myself because I knew it wasn't worth. I crazily enough made a "backup" plan, a safe and painless way to end it all, just in case. Because I am scared as hell to suffer though anykind of pain I could inflict myself, and would therefor just kill myself if it was w/o pain.

I had so many days where I lied in bed and cryed my soul out. Sometimes my parents would actualy see that and tell me to "man up", and to not make matters worse. But they do not know how much that actualy hurts in my heart.

This is just like on of these days, I wan't to just quit life, and just make matters easy, that why I am writing this. I know that no one with a healthy mind will read this all, and I can fully understand that. But the feeling that I finaly put some of the bs I lived through in this forum, and that someday, maybe some one might listen to me once, is something I never got so far.

And now I am sitting here, I gratuaded from high school, yey, but tomorrow is the horror fest of the hole graduation thing and everyone wants to party but I just want to get my stuff and leave. I have no idea what I should and can do in the future. I know that if I continue living like I do right now I will never find my "true love" and that actualy gets me really sad, because all arround me, everyone got a "partner in crime" but I am left out. I am just the "nice guy" living next to everyone, helping everyone out, getting used by everyone and that nobody really notice tho.

But I know that I will most likely live alone until I die, because I just can't get enough confidence Offline nor Online. I mostly tell my friends that I just don't care, and that if someone has intrest into me that they should initiate something, but in reality. I am just a scared little piece of shit. That doesn't deserve being loved or cared after. It's all my fault in the end anyway. I haven't done anything good yet, and I won't do in the future.

I actualy want to, as a self discpline, post a "sign of live" here, first reason, because just writing out my feelings actualy helps me a bit and secondly, if someone cares, which nobody will tbh, they have a way to find out that I am in a better place by then.

Signing out, CampeR_