I don't want to live anymoreI'm 19 (f) but it feels like my life is worthless. I feel like i should do everyone a favor and kill myself. 

I have depression, generalised anxiety, and may have borderline personality disorder or be a narc/have Fleas. I keep trying therapy and meds but i feel like it's not working. 

Growing up my mother was an alcoholic, bi-polar, narcissist who emotionally and mental abused me and my siblings. She died when i was still in highschool. I'm not really close with them but am close with my nephew. My father was an enabler for a long time and was in and out twice before me and my younger sibling moved in with him before i started highschool.

I grew up hated and disliked by my classmates from elementary school through high school. I had no one and we I did they left or abused me.

By the time i was in middle school things got worse. Someone who was suppose to be my friend ended up being my abuser. She was another girl my age and would physically, mentally, and (when she found out that i was bi) sexually abused me. Through out middle school I had three suicide attempts and all the bullying got worse. I was the class joke.

It took me years to get rid of that person and the last time i heard from them was them trying to manipulate me to talking to them again after graduation. I haven't talked to anyone from my class since i graduated.

While now i have friends who support me i feel like I'm a burden, I am not a real likeable person. I admittedly can lash out verbally when I'm not comfortable or set off. I can be brash, loud, and rude. I try to watch myself but it's hard and I don't always realize when I'm being mean. 

I feel like i should just kill myself.i feel like i don't have a future and i feel like i don't know how to be happy by myself. I'm scared to be alone and i make my friends worry and i hate it. They mean so much to me i don't want them to worry. 

I don't know what i want to do with my life. I know i should probably go to collage and get more help but i feel like I'm just going to be a broken piece of crap who's not gonna make it to 20. I don't want to feel like this anymore and i want to end it all.