I want to leave something behind before I do itI’m trans, I’ve got horrific gender dysphoria. It’s painful. I’m stuck. I’m on estrogen but I’m never going to be a real girl. I tried to find a way, I looked for someone out of the billions that may have changed their sex but now I know no one can right now. I don’t think I want to wait for a potential way with technological and scientific advances. This will definitely sound crazy to some or even many, I believe I’ve experienced a lot of past lives. The ones I remember are all similar. I’ve felt a lot of feelings. Not many of them have been good. The only thing I’m afraid of about death is me being right about my past lives and being put in another life where I’m trans. I feel very disconnected from the world. I should care about my family and friends more. I’ve had too many people in other lives that I’ve loved so much. I don’t know anything for sure. I’m one of the most logical minded skeptical people you’ll meet and of course I’ve got all of this crazy stuff. But experiences and feelings sometimes can’t be explained with logic. I might kill myself soon or later. Just know that I’ve felt this all before and I’ve learned so much from the suffering in this life. I remember the things I did in the farthest back life I can remember. It was horrible. I was grieving I enjoyed it way too much. I’ve learned what the right thing to do is and I’ve learned to love myself. I matter more than anyone else. And I really need to move on already. My ideal scenario is that I’m just imagining things to help myself feel better about my shitty situation and I just stop existing after death. But I really doubt that due to my past live stuff. I’ve been telling myself that I’ll wait for science and tech to get to a point where I can either have a 3D printed female body made for me in the future(they’re already 3D printing organs so I’m confident in 30-45 years it’ll all be achievable) or some kind of procedure that would revert my chromosomes and my body’s development. It’s possible and quite likely in potentially the next 20 years even. I’m just... tired. I’m exhausted from all of the pain. I just want to move on. I’m definitely going to sound like a crazy person but whatever I’m being honest it’s not like I’m trying to convince you that I have a real imaginary friend so yeah lol.