trans, suicidal, and sick of it. (content warning?)where do i start? i'm a bloody mess. i've always felt kind of empty, but i ignored it, i thought it was normal. but as i got older i got more and more empty and here i am. rock bottom. i don't know how or why this happened, but it did. the world has never been kind to me. i've never had many friends, until the internet. but so many of those relationships were unhealthy and draining. sometimes we had nothing in common but pain. and if only my friends could listen, i only remembered being named an attention seeker and being bombarded with angry texts and suicide threats if i ever killed myself. to make matters worse, i was born in the wrong body. damn, i feel like i'm a soul imprisoned in someone else's body, and they're stuck in mine. and a lot of the time, i'd rather die than live this way. to be honest, i feel disgusted by myself. i'm not sure if i'll ever get over how i was born. i would die a thousand deaths to not be this way, but in this life, i will always be this way. and no one really helps. all i ever bloody hear from people is i'm just  teen, to stop being emo. just because i fit whatever stereotype, doesn't mean my pain is not real. and don't tell me i'm selfish, you don't know me, you don't know what i've been through, my story. my entire life has been focused on helping others, so much that i'm unsure how to take care of myself (i don't.) basically, i'm pathetic. my classmates, peers have all these bloody awards, love from their family, fame, bla bla bla...they're in newspapers and shit, and i'm suffering. going to school every day is like climbing a damn mountain. it ain't easy. me? i browse dank memes, eat junk food, play video games and blast mindless self indulgence all day. maybe throw in some porn too. do i have hobbies? i used to. dunno what happened, i sucked too much at them. although i do play the guitar sometimes. sad that being in a band requires friends, or people who can stand you. i write a lot, i suppose. but i'm too unmotivated to write anything on paper, so here i am, letting the internet know my secrets. why? because i trust you, reddit. everything else is failimg me, instagram, twitter, whatever is garbage. but reddit is something else. i like it here. i'm glad i joined. thank you for reading.