I'm Ending My Road. I Have No FutureI've been wanting to write this for a while now and finally get my feelings out there for someone else to see. And since i'm starting to seriously consider suicide as the 'perfect option', I might as well take the time to at least tell the people close to me the reason I've chosen this path.

So, let's just get into it. I'm nearly 17, and my options aren't so good educationally. My sophomore year of highschool I decided to take higher level "IB" classes in a desperate attempt to try to get closer to a girl I had been crushing on earlier that year. This ended up backfiring on me my Junior year. Most of my grades are below average and compared to my higher level classmates, I am a brain-dead moron.

I don't have the discipline needed for these higher level classes. When I'm home, I try to forget that I have any semblance of obstacles by constantly gaming. I've done this since I was a toddler. While the humiliation of these classes are bad enough, my mother only adds to it. She often speaks to me dismissively and in a condescending tone- as if there's something that's my fault. Recently she's been saying the phrase "when you're 18, you're out of here." 
 She's generally a pain to be around and doesn't have many friends. I could honestly make an entire thread on my perspective of my mother and how she's shaped my earlier years of unnecessary depression.

Anyway, back to the present. i'm almost 17 and I don't have a job. My chances of going to University is 0 now, and I drag everyone else around me down. My mother is wasting time and money on me. Whenever I try to talk to my friends, I get this gut feeling that i'm wasting their time and their potential with my failure. I've often taken to just keeping my thoughts to myself.

My plan is to off myself as soon as summer starts. I'm not going to say goodbye to anyone, not even my closest friend- because he could honestly talk me out of it. But I really wanted to get this out, and to be honest, half of the stuff I've wanted to say has been forgotten or left out because of how self-conscious/loathing I can get.

In the past, I've struggled with whether or not I should even exist. When it comes down to it, if I were never born, my mother would've been free to live her youth. I would've never stolen all of these years from her life- the night's she's spent crying because of my innate incompetence. 

My friends would still be on their path to success, as they should-perhaps even more so without me wasting the little time that I do.

Once I leave, my mother will be free. My friends will be free. And I will be free. In my case, i AM being cowardly. You'd be justified in saying that I should shut the fuck up and stop being the little useless shit that I am and appreciate what I have. You'd also be justified in saying that others 'have it worse'. But I don't care anymore. I've been hating myself so much and for so long. It's high time that I do the world the biggest favor and just erase my existence. I won't be missed, and nothing will be lost.

But I've wasted enough of your time already. Sorry for this stupid edgy stuff. I hope you have a wonderful day/life if you're reading this, and peace.