I still think about it whenever I'm the first car stopped at an intersectionI thought I had put these kinds of thoughts behind me. But I still get them.

I'll be driving and everything will be fine. Automatic. Easy. But then the light will turn and I'll slow to a stop and I'll be the first one waiting for the light to change. Where I live, every intersection is big and busy. When the cars start rushing across in front of me, I get this *itch*. This nagging voice in my head that it'd be so easy just to let my foot slip on the brake and inch out. Or maybe slam on the gas and sent myself rocketing into traffic. And it'd be over. And I wouldn't have to worry about the consequences anymore. I wouldn't have to worry about the little things. Bills, work, cleaning, medical insurance. I could just be free of it.

Or sometimes, I think about how easy it would be to swerve just a little bit and wrap myself around a tree. How it could be chalked up to me texting while driving. Or having a seizure, or just being careless.

I dream about it too. For a while, I wasn't sure what exactly the dreams were about, but I think I know now. I get these dreams where I slamming my foot down harder and harder but my van can't or won't stop in time and I slam into traffic. I just realized the other night though that it isn't about me slamming on the breaks-- it's about me slamming on the gas.

My fiance used to bug me all the time about how I'm terrible about going out and doing errands without her. Part of the truth of it is, driving scares me. And she knows I hate driving so she lets it slide a lot. But the bigger truth of it is, I'm scared of myself. I'm scared I'm going to do something stupid.

I told her years ago about it. But I think like me she had hoped it was something in the past. I'm not going to tell her that I still feel this way. I burden her with shit constantly, she doesn't need that on her mind too.

I used to think that I'd be lucky to make it to adulthood. Failing that, I wasn't sure I'd make it to my 21st birthday. And younger me thought for sure I wouldn't make it out of my 20's.

Things are a lot better now. I'm 21, and in some ways I like myself a lot more than I used to. But I think I'm a bit more fucked up than I'm wiling to admit. My family has very few health problems. Physically, we tend to live long lives. But god damn does crazy run on every single side of my family. When I confided in my momma as a teenager that I thought I might have depression, she brushed me off. She then went on to start antidepressants a couple years later. I know I should probably be on them too. They'd probably help some. But for the life of me I can't admit to myself that I need them, no matter how much my life starts to spiral out of control in the little ways. My health insurance situation is a mess, and I can't afford to get meds right now. And I dissolve into a panic attack whenever I even think about trying to set up an appointment.

Anyways.

I don't know if anyone feels the same way. But I needed to get this off my chest. Because I've been struggling the last couple weeks.

Love y'all &lt;3