Crippling anxiety bringing back old suicidalityTo get the standard questions out of the way before getting to the meat of it: I was previously suicidal for about five years, ending about a decade ago. It stopped when I bottomed out and had a very severe mental breakdown. Since recovering from the aftermath of that, I've felt dramatically better overall; my mood is usually good, happy, sometimes even honestly joyful — something that I couldn't even imagine as a possibility before my breakdown, when I was in the depths of it, hoping only to be at least neutral for a time.

At the time, I did my research quite thoroughly, so I have a well thought out plan — painless, effective, low risk of only injury, low mess. The materials needed are readily available to me.

I have a live-in boyfriend of 5 years (I'm male also) who is a wonderful person and tries to be supportive, but lacks any real understanding of what it's like to be severely depressed, and is just out of his depth. He lost his best friend to suicide a couple years before he met me; he never really understood that either, and I don't want to hurt him further by forcing him to think about it.

I've tried seeing therapists in the past about this, but it never went well, for various reasons. I've never called a suicide hotline. A decade ago, I went through pretty much all the major classes of anti-depressants under two separate psychiatrists, and none of them worked at all, so I have more or less zero belief that further attempts at therapy or medication would be effective (on I think reasonably good grounds, though of course it's hard for me to know how warped my own thinking is, and I know that thinking this is a common delusional aspect of severe depression).

I don't feel that I can talk about this with any of my friends. In fact, ten years ago I tried to — and as a result I lost every single one of those friends I tried to ask for help, because they simply couldn't deal with it; it was just too much, too bleak. This is probably the first time I've felt able to be quite so... direct about saying what I am, and only because I'm writing this from Tor with a single-purpose account. :-/


I'm starting to have persistent, intrusive suicidal ideation. 

It's very specific, and very visceral: an image, a tactile sensation, almost like a vivid memory, of picking up a gun, putting it to my head, and pulling the trigger. I don't own a gun (though I've considered getting a concealed carry permit, I realize this would be too high a risk factor), I've never even handled a handgun, and the plan I mentioned doesn't involve that kind of violence; it's not how I would want to die if I did. So, narrowly construed, I'm very unlikely to actually carry that through. Nevertheless, it's becoming increasingly distressing to have this imagery in my head every night, and I know that I meet basically all of the criteria for severe risk — though that's mitigated by having gone through it before.

I'm not now quite at the depth of depression that I was then, but I'm starting to get there, and that terrifies me. I didn't get out of it through any intentional act last time; it was almost a fluke. So though I know I can survive a great deal more pain than I am in now, I don't know if I can survive if the same thing happened again. Maybe the next time I wouldn't be as likely.


All that is, I suppose, context.

For about a year now I have been trying to complete a project. I'm glossing over details for the sake of anonymity, but it's a project that should -take- have taken me only about a week to complete, maybe two. If I finish it, there'll be a significant reward. If I don't, the failure will be fairly bad for me professionally and socially. I've already long overstretched its due date, and the more I push that the worse the consequences will be. There is nothing external that stops me from doing it. It can be done in increments.

Every time I even *start* thinking about it, let alone actually starting to work on it, I have an extreme aversion reaction. I get... brittle; I snap at my boyfriend if he's trying to help; I have an overwhelming urge to do *anything* to get away from it; I can't focus my mind on it at all. It's like trying to grab a oily jellybean with chopsticks; it just slips out of my grasp. The more this happens, the more it worsens; it is incredibly frustrating and disheartening. My intellect is my one major asset, and to have it fail me like this is something that strikes deeply.

I've started other projects in the meantime, to try to at least procrastinate into something positive. I've made some little progress in those, but my heart isn't really in it; this albatross weighs too much, distracts me, makes me think that working on anything else is just procrastinating and making the consequences worse. I want to just finish it and be done but I can't seem to get myself to do so. 

I've tried taking benzodiazepenes that I'm prescribed for another issue — that are also prescribed for anxiety — without much effect, though also I always forget to take them regularly anyway. I've tried taking pot to relax me and working on it. I've tried breaking it up into little pieces; the outline of all I need to do just makes me feel all the more overwhelmed. I've tried getting my boyfriend to work with me on it; I just end up snapping at him and surfing the 'net instead. I've tried visiting therapists specifically about this issue — three of them — without any progress.

I don't know what to do at this point. I feel like I've tried pretty much everything that's normally advised, and still failed completely. When I go to bed, like right now, thinking about how I'm continuing to fail triggers the ideation, makes me feel horrid.

I guess my question is simple: now what should I do?

I'm out of ideas and I'm bone tired.

ETA: xposted: http://www.reddit.com/r/Anxiety/comments/t2pe3/help_crippling_anxiety_bringing_back_old/