I Wish I Could Do ItI like subheadings so I’m gonna break this down piece by piece.

Context: I graduated college in December. Now I’m working a low level customer service job again. This job is at a company that I’ve worked at before, but not this exact store. I don’t know anyone there, and I’m put in a low level power of authority (like a shift manager). No one there really likes me very much, and I have a bad habit of being mean when I feel threatened.

Diagnosis: I’ve been in and out of therapy for about 7 years, and I take medication. Officially I have severe depression, anxiety, and paranoid episodes.


Work life: Basically, right now I’m not doing what I want to do at all. I’m stuck doing a job I hate, with people I don’t care for, and making shit money. I’ve already tried applying for “real jobs” but it just isn’t working because I do not have enough experience or a strong enough portfolio. My work environment is toxic, and I can already feel it driving me insane.

Dating life: I can’t get a date. I have tried almost every dating app, and still no luck. Of course I’ve tried in person too, and it just doesn’t happen. I’ve had horrible luck with women. For example, a girl I dated dumped me and then fucked my roommate behind my back. I think most women don’t want to be around me because my life is so stressful at times. I try not to let it get to me, but as I’m sure we all know there is a breaking point.

Family life: I guess in the grand scheme of things I have a “loving” family. My parents are still married, and they try to support me and do their best. However. my mom is constantly on my ass about how I should be trying to move out, pay more of my bills, take on responsibility, etc. I am the oldest and I have younger siblings who would be devastated if anything happened to me.


However, in spite of everything I just feel so worn down, defeated, and depressed. Sometimes I wish I could just do it, and end this miserable existence of mine.


I’m in bed right now, I’m not feeling actively suicidal but I definitely do not want to be alive. I’d love some advice, thoughts, or whatever you have, if you don’t mind.

Please and thanks

-M

