Long post ahead.I don't really know why I am doing this but I feel like it's kind of my last hope of letting it out without people constantly trying to help me with the shitty "you need to move forward" and shit like that.

Who am I, well I am a lonely man of 26 years, I feel like I lived my life and there's nothing I can do to live a little more.

Why, I have a lot of issues, depression, anxiety, self loathing, loneliness and other stuff.. 

Why do I have all of those well it comes back to my teenage years, and a divorce that was really messy, we were exposed to everything.. The hate that ensued, the fear of not understanding, all that goes with it. 
I couldn't help but feel responsible for it, I mean I was bullied at school and when I came back home, insults were flying around like you say hello. And it also didn't help that for the first time of my life I was not at the top of my class, so yeah add dissapointment to the vocabulary of my parents. And if only it was just for the school side of things, but no, it didn't stop there, you see I picked up the guitar, and my mom just like my dad didn't encourage me to pursue learning it. 

So the self loathing comes from that.. But hey whatever everyone has a shitty teenage period. 

So the next thing to explore is when this situation became even worse... 
I come from a family of 6 Mom dad 2 sisters and a brother, how did it get worse? Well, my older sister left the house to go live with my dad because tensions were rising between my mom and her. Not without the doing of my father confessing everything to her, how he missed us and so on and so forth. 

I was left to tend to my younger bro and sis, but it was too much for me, my brother was having a hard time and was acting out, so my mom was constantly on his tail, and I saw him turn red of anger, and was sweating so much you would have thought he had a fever. 

So I did the only thing I thought of, go to my dad's, since whenever we went there, he was okay. And so, comes à fateful Wednesday of the month of October 2007. When we told my mom we were going to our dad's, evidently she didn't took it well, throwing me and my bro out on the curb to wait for our dad to pick us up. But I couldn't let my sister behind so I made a stand for her, telling my mom that she also wanted to come, because we always were raised to support ourselves. 

And so we did, and with that I told my mom to leave us alone, because at that moment I hated her, she was hurting those who she should have supported.. I know that's a mistake, now looking at it, and now since I understand what it Feel to be left on the curb alone... 

While at our dad's everything went fine, up until I went away for university, from which I dropped out of, because my younger sister was bullied by my brother... (slaps in the face and shit like that) 
So I came back home trying to fix things for my family that was breaking apart.. I failed again. 

Oh and on a good note, I found love at that time, she became my escape from my shitty family, because whenever I visited her I felt like loved by her and even her family. So a big change for me. 

So the depression began, everytime I had to come back home I felt like I was torn inside out, fear, stress, up to the point where I lived with her mom for a while cause my dad kicked me out, saying I was a piece of shit and I gave him nothing but trouble. 

Huge problem, I had to find a way to get myself a home because I couldn't impose myself on her mom for too long. So I tried contacting my mom whom I hadn't been in touch for seven years now. It went well up to the point where my little sister called me in the middle of the night, at that time she was 14, and she told me that she missed me and she wished I was there with her, because nobody was defending her against my little bro.. And that night she explained everything, how she was treated, and how my bro slapped her so hard that she had a busted lip... I was raging, I remember I couldn't sleep... 

After a while I finally got her to visit me by buying her a train ticket and propose her to meet my mom again.. 

And everything was fine, she expressed the desire to stay, so my mom did all she could to make her feel better. It worked for a while... But it was too good to be true. All the cool things were fast to pass. And the cycle began anew. 

So I decided to get a job far away, and move in with my gf at the time (7years we knew each other). 

But you know how we say that life always find a way to mess with you, we'll for me it was a lung infection that nearly killed me. Oh and also my girlfriend who cheated on me. So she kicked me out since I lost my job and couldn't pay for shit. Disspointment again because everything was my fault. And even my mom still thinks that it is my fault. 

So back to square one, back to mom's with a depression that is kicking my ass since a fucking long year.. (2018)

And now comes the big fight of tonight, (my mom remarried) where my mom and her new hubby told me I had to move out soon because for a year already I am staying, and I am struggling to get back up on my feet. Failed therapy, failed job interviews and my inability to connect to others was even stronger than before. 

So with nowhere left to go, and no one to talk to, I called a suicide hotline prevention, and shit hit the fan. Because my mom and new hubby lost a parent to suicide. And they caught me talking to him about what I could do and how to not go through with it (he was really helpful more so than anyone) and they gave me shit for it saying :,"people who wants to kill themselves just do it, they don't talk about it so stop with your threats"... So I snapped and told them to fuck off of my life, since I am the source of their problems (their words) Imagine how I feel now, laying in my hotel room bed with my sister worrying about me and nothing I can do for her... 


Sorry for the long post but I wanted to do it for a while and never did it, because I am ashamed of myself and family. 

But anyway I hope I can get some sleep tonight after laying it all out,also hopefully stopping those thoughts. 


