Life keeps getting worse for me. I’ve run out of options I have a illness that doctors can’t diagnose. I’m just posting this to see if anyone has a similar situation because I’ve already written my note. 16 years old.For about a year I thought I had hope on figuring out what was wrong with me, so I could move on and have a job, family, or a life. But now I realize there’s no hope. We’ve been chasing nothing for 3 years. I’ve lost friends, relationships, and most importantly my happiness. I don’t want to die I just want the pain to go away. But death is my best option. And my pain really never will go away. Every day I want to down all the pills in my drawer, hang myself with a HDMI cable, or shoot myself in the chest so I can slowly fade. My life is already so far down the rabbit hole no matter how long the rope is I’ll never be able to pull myself back up. All I do is wake up eat maybe 1 meal or drink 1 cup of water before lying in bed again just wanting to fall asleep because the dreams I have are the only place I’m not completely down. I have friends in my dreams, I get to see my mom and dad together and I’m actually running around having fun, I have a girlfriend that I’m happy to have. So when I wake up it’s all swept away from me. So my real life is almost my nightmares where my dreams are my paradise. I’m writing this in my bed next to my dog captain at exactly 4:52am. I don’t know if I will end my own life soon but my depression has fully taken over and for me you can’t get out of that dark place. I’m stuck forever. I’ve been in my room doing nothing for a long time. And your mind starts to wonder to dark places, but this is the darkest it’s ever been. I’m sorry mom, dad, 






Everyone keeps telling me it’s gunna get better bet it always gets worse for me. If there is a god why would he have created me. Although I’m atheist I am now praying for a god because I’ve got no other alternative. I wonder what’s my purpose other than to sit in pain. Is there an afterlife? I don’t want anyone to report me, feel sorry for me, I just felt like I had to post my suicide note. I’m not going to kill myself just wanted to see if anyone is in a similar situation.