another unhappy human storyi'm 22 years old. not in college, because i don't know what i want to do. i've never been able to hold a job very long, so i live with my parents. i'm in the upper middle class and i have a loving family that wants me to be happy. yet i'm unhappy. i've been to 2 psych wards. i have nightmares every night. i've had a three different guns to my mouth three different times. i attempted to suffocate myself, failed. i'm bipolar 2, so i lose hope for living, for the most mundane irrational reasons. it happens all the time.
imagine losing hope everyday.

i've been on meds and seeing a psychiatrist and psychologist every week, for  three years now. 

i'm a virgin and have never had a intimate relationship. all i want in the world is a woman to love and be loved by. but i giving up hope on getting a lover. women/men only want to be in a relationship with some one who is happy, so they can be happy. i'm just not fit to be in the dating game. nobody wants to getting involved in a sob case. i don't blame em'! 

the only reason i'm writing this and not just going to kill myself, is because i have to wait to do so. this week i'll be able to get a hold of my .22 rifle. frankly i don't even know if a .22 with work. but a hole in the throat and brain stem should work no matter what the size.

i apologize that i'm whining. i know that people who want to kill themselves don't go on reddit and post in r/sw, they go and do it.

there are two world views, a naturalistic world view and a theistic world view. the naturalistic, entails; no morals, no free will, no after life, no god, no meaning, and no hope. the theistic world view entails; morals, freewill, afterlife, god, meaning, and hope. [i got this from philosophy for dummies] but none the less it's true that these issues are connected.

 i feel like hope is mere hope and no hope is reality. we don't know what's coming next, we can hope but that isn't the truth. the truth is we don't know. and hope is wishful thinking in face of the unknown.  so since i'm opposed to hope, i believe in the naturalistic world view. in other words i'm a nihilist.
 so i'm just some tiny piece of mass in the infinitely, unfathomable universe. no point, no meaning. we all are so tiny, so pointless. we think our lives matter. we are just evolved cells on a tiny planet in the cosmos. what difference would it make if one of those 7 billion people killed themselves. no difference, the world would go on. or i'd even make the claim what difference would it make if the world ended. none, the cosmos would go on. we all are so small. 

so why live this life unhappy? what hope is there? i don't even know if i can hope. i don't think i'm capable of that.

i suppose another reason i'm writing this is because i'm not even sure i'm a nihilist. i'm a good person, and i believe there is a good. i treat people well. so i believe there is morals, thus i believe in god. but at the same time i see it's a joke. and i've convinced myself so much into believe there is good and bad. yet i stand up for injustice. so this is why i'm confused 