How much longer?How much longer do I have to go through hell all alone? I have been struggling w/ depression for a while now. Here's mainly why: in kindergarten, 1st, and 2nd grade I had no friends. Near 2nd grade, my dad had a stroke our family basically became poor. We are financially stable now, but still have debts to pay... Anyway, after that my life became a living hell. I have a psychopath mother (physical is only one kind of abuse.) Then I got a dick of a stepfather. Everyone bullied me, I had no friends, and I couldn't stand up for myself. This lasted for 4 long years. Emotional abuse, Emotional bullying, and mental scarring. some people think that mental abuse is nothing near aas a bad as physical abuse. They are so wrong. Both leave scars that never fully heal. In middle school, everyone talked trash behind my back and I was lonely. I had no friends and the living hell I was in became even worse. The internet was my only safehaven, and I became AMAZING at video games but that is not really relavent. It became my only safehaven,and it it was not for the internet, I honestly probably would have killed myself. In middle school, I got cheated on, abused, emotionally crushed, and emotionally scarred by 4 "girlfriends." 2 were dared to be with me and the other two just wanted to mess with me. So, here I am all alone. In 9th grade. I have no one. No one loves me, and that hurts. I need someone there for me. I tried to find someone on suicide watch that fits the description of who I would want to be with, but to no avail. I'm 14 and I'm a guy. It's hard (for me at least) to find a girl on suicide watch at all. Let alone one that is also 14. Nobody here is in my age group, so it's difficult to find anyone. Even on a subreddit DEDICATED to depression, I have a hard time finding someone. I am sure there is someone out there for me, but how far do I have to search!? Every single day is a hell and I can't escape from it. I can never find anyone. I've tried talking to people in class, but nobody likes me. I will never give in this living hell, but I don't want to be IN a living hell. So, here I am. This is a desperate plee for anyone to talk to me, before I retreat into the darkness and force myself to go forward into the hell. The closer I get to the core, the hotter it gets. I doubt anyone will be here for me, or even bother responding, but I might as well try. It has never worked before, and it probably won't work now, but I'll be DAMNED if I stop trying. Please. Anyone. P.M. me. I want to talk to someone, get to know someone. Have any interaction whatever with another human being, even if it is limited to being behind a screen. I have no microphone, so I am stuck to text chat unfortunately. It probably won't even matter anyway. For reference, I am a 14 year old Caucasian (White) male. All I can do now is wait. again.... 