i know i'm going to regret posting this urghI feel like garbage today, just plain ol garbage. I'm just going to straight out lay all of my trash on here. I've got nobody to talk to, anyways haha.
I always normally just delete my account after doing posts like this, but I feel so bad that I don't care, and I might as well.

I feel suicidal almost daily for years now. In april 2017 I had a panic attack in the middle of class and they saw my cuts and they took me to hospital. Worst experience ever. I was exited to get help, but boy was i wrong. My mum acted like she cared at first. I believed her. My dad was a lot more blunt about how he really hates how I'm like this later on in the year. My mum and dad called me insane. They forced me to tell them nothing personal and that if I did I would betray them. And so I quit after not being able to handle it. They had a quran read on me. They told me it was embarrassing. It obviously didn't help, and It just made me feel as if my parents honestly didn't care about my feelings. 

I feel really alone. I have friends, but I can't trust or enjoy their company.I feel so bad saying that. I feel like i don't deserve them, even though I know I try much harder than they do. I'm always the one to shower with compliments, to tell them that they deserve love and care and attention (I do this too everyone i can), but not one person says the same to me. Not once. Am I selfish?Am I not good enough? I don't know. Even stupid relationships, I still feel so sad about them. Nobody has ever liked me, and looking at my other friends make me realise why. I'm really unattractive, but I guess you're your worst critique I suppose. I hate my short, dark curly hair. I hate my huge forehead. I hate my skin tone (i know it's weird, i just kinda wish i was light skinned sometimes, stupid i know, I don't know why either)I hate that I bite my nails, or that I brush my teeth way too often for really weird amounts of time, I hate that I secretly fantasise having a boyfriend or best friend, I hate that I look fat and etc. I feel like nobody will ever love me in a romantic way; as if no matter how kind or generous I am, nobody will like my personality. In primary school, I was constantly called annoying and loud and rude whenever I was myself by a specific girl, and so I told myself to shut up. I no longer talk about how I think magic is awesome and that princess in the frog is amazing. I no longer show my (real) love for studio ghibli in front of anyone I don't really know. I don't tell anyone how much of a fangirl I am when it comes to steven universe, and how much I adore it's creator. I wish I could be loud and talk to someone without them telling me to shut up. I used to be extroverted, now I spend all of my time in my bedroom (it's gotten worse since it's summer holidays)! I wish I could be myself without people hating me. I can't though, if I want to maintain friendships with people I don't like hanging out with anyways. I don't have any real friends. I do have friends, I just don't like having them. I feel bad for saying that. I feel though, that if i end friendships, all it's going to bring is anger for them and loneliness for me. And so, I stick with it. I can't even find someone with more than 3 common interests. Maybe it's because i'm so unnatural, i don't know.

Suicide is almost all i can think about, even though I have goals and I have dreams (i want to be a 2d animator living in america). I like planning my future a lot, which stresses me out too. I'm bloody 12, and it makes me feel even worse. As if my feelings aren't valid. As if its just puberty. I hope it is, so I won't have to go through this ever again. I really just want to clone myself, and give myself the biggest hug possible. Because nobody does the same. I want a friend. I dream of jumping off waterloo bridge. It's the closest one too me, so it would be easiest. You only feel pain for like a brief second before you're dead, right? I don't know. My mum and dad will disown me one day, it's extremely difficult to pursue my dream job, I don't have any good friends, and all i got is my stupid sketchbook. I hate this. Before I left therapy, they sadly didn't give me a diagnosis. I wish they did. Maybe it's because I repeatedly said i'm fine i'm fine over and over so I got to leave. My therapist talked about religion a lot too, which wasn't fun because it was basically a conversation between my mum and him about whatever and religious remedies and it was not fun. 

I think that's all, i'm going to stop. I might be able to get a ticket soon. I gotta find a way to go there without being caught, and I gotta plan my suicide note. oh well :(
i want to feel better, and i've been seriously trying, but i feel so hopeless. hopefully some of you guys are doin great.
