HopelessNothing left in my life to live for anymore, i just wanna die and never wake up. No support from anyone in my life man, it’s just me in the end. Been severely depressed and suicidal for the pass 4 years and nothing is getting better, it just gets worse from here. And I’m so sick and tired of people telling me life gets better or you’re too young to die and feel this way. Makes me no sense, it just pisses me off when I hear those supposed helpful advice. Just a bit of context about me, I’m 17 from Pennsylvania and currently a junior in high school. I don’t have much friends or really a support group that has my back, I’m always seen by myself most of the time. I keep things to myself, not really interacting with the outside world. Everything that I once held close, is now all of sudden letting loose. Everything from my friends, and family, school is falling apart, I have nothing left to loose at this point. One second I’m happy and the other I’m sad, depressed, and crazy. Sure maybe I need to surround myself around better people that care about me, but it’s hard for people to be accepting of me. I tried making internet friends to see if it’s worth it by joining the different sub reddits they have to offer on here. And to my surprise, everyone’s the same. Maybe my expectations are way too high when making friends, but I find that people either ghost, don’t respond at all, or say a few things and dip out like they never knew me. It’s saddening to me because I want to experience and have a friend that is down to earth and loyal. I consider myself an outcast, reject, and loner. Nobody wants to talk to me, walk with me, sit with me, or really associate themselves with me. I don’t know what I did to deserve any of this, I am not denying the fact I’ve done and said fucked up things, however, i just can’t seem to rationalize or understand how ones life can be this terrible. Don’t get me wrong, there are plenty of people that are struggling out there worse than I am, I’m sure of it, but that doesn’t mean my mental health isn’t important. The saying, “They only care only when you die” really is speaking into existence in my life right now. Maybe if I die, people will truly understand the pain, struggle, and misery i been through. Sometimes, I just wanna run away far away and never return. It makes me sad that my other friends are happy and have friends who care about them, while I literally have no one. All I do is wake up, do school work, sleep, and repeat. It’s really sad how my life has turned out, and I don’t care if I’m only 17, age doesn’t mean shit. Let’s not forget to mention that I get made me of for feeling and being the way I am. I can’t help that I’m stuck feeling depressed and suicidal all the time. Maybe just maybe someone out there will see message and understand what I go through..