i don't want to keep living my life anymoreevery single good thing that ever happens to me. i always fuck it up. i hate this stupid fucking world. i hate that i'm not good enough for it. i try so hard to be the best that i can be but it's not fucking enough. not even my own girlfriend wants to put up with me half the time. and my family hates me because i don't do well in school. i hate it. i hate living here. i don't want to be alive if this is how i have to be. none of my friends ever want to hang out with me. i hate myself. i don't like being me. i hate it more than anything else in my life. every single thing i thought i was good at i was really just delusional. everything i ever do just ends with me becoming more depressed and more suicidal and eventually ill just finally do it. last night i took a bunch of my dad's anxiety medication and finally felt okay. i'm gonna keep doing it. it'll probably kill me but i don't care. i don't wanna live like this anymore. i don't want to feel like i do. i just want to forget it and die. 

i love my girlfriend so much but i know i'm not enough for her. she doesn't think i love her. she thinks she puts in all the effort. i don't know why. i try so hard for her. every single day of my life i just try to make her happier because i don't deserve to be. she's been through so much. she has so many scars. she doesn't deserve any of it. she never did. i'm afraid that one day i'm going to get a voicemail from her mother that tells me she killed herself last night. i don't want her to die. i want her to be happy. she deserves to be. 

i can't keep living like this. i don't want to keep getting hurt. i don't want to see my dad's face when he looks at me. i don't want to hear him talking to my mom about me being a disappointment. i just want to leave here and stop being a drain on everyone. or overdose and die.

the only thing that still makes me somewhat happy is music. listening to something gives me an escape. the only thing i like to do these days is turn all the lights off in my room and cry myself to sleep with headphones on. 

one day it's going to happen. i know that. i just don't know when. maybe it'll be the day that the love of my life leaves me or cheats on me. it probably will be. at that point i don't think i would care. itd be a bittersweet feeling. it'd tell me then's the time. to just write the note and grab the razor and the pills. 

i don't want to die but it's all there is for me. it's all there will ever be. and i don't see much of a point in continuing if all that's ever going to happen is more pain. 

i will never tell anyone in my life about this because i don't want them to carry this burden. not my parents, not my friends, not my girlfriend. it's not right. they shouldn't worry about me until i'm dead and won't care whether they'll cry over me or not. i just wish i could tell someone. i wish i wasn't alone. 