I don't know what to doHello, I've never ever dared to post something to intimate about myself on the internet. I honesly ran out of both ideas and faith. I'll probably be gone whenever I build up my courage so I might as well leave this message here as a testament of my suffering.  


I am 28 years old, since I was born, I've received nothing but abuse and rejection. I was born in a home without love. Where my father would physically and psychologically abuse me, my mom and my sister. My father has done horrible things to us in the past. Put a knife up to my mom's neck, abandon her god-knows-where in the middle of the road, beat the crap out of me, not take me to the hospital when I was about to die, drag me out of the car... I've experienced nothing but pain. I had no friends in my childhood, nobody to play with. I spent all days, in my room, playing with the computer my dad bought for himself. It was the only thing in the entire house that did not yell at me or be mean to me.  My grades used to be decent but they started to go down. Everybody told me how stupid I was and how I had no future. Before entering high school, my mom called the police on my father when he was pretending to leave, he then, came out of the basement enraged as a beast trying to strangle my mom. I've stepped in the middle and he slapped me and broke my glasses. Afterwards, the police took him into custody and we had to leave home for months. My father's family would call us on the phone, angry of what we have done to my father. Because I didn't want to stay at my fathers for the weekends I had to go to this place where I would stay with my father for 1/2 hours every day of the week except weekends. I did suffer a lot. My father would put on his best face, pretend to be the best father in the world, I was utterly scared. On the meanwhile, I happened to start high school. I was bullied, looked down as the child of an abuser, my teachers would mind my private life and I had to leave classes every so often to go to the courtroom. I'd have to go to a psychologist. That psychologist of course didn't care at all about my feelings or provide me with any kind of therapy. He just wanted me to tell him all the horrible stuff my father did to us in order to use that against him in the trial. I even had to talk to my father's lawyer. I was so scared and my family didn't even understand my pain and reassured me. They only told me to "do it for my mother" "do it for my mother" that I was being selfish. So I did. She would tell me "Well, your father punished you like any normal father would, right?" No, he didn't "punish me like any normal father would" but of course she had to do her job in order to earn her money. My grades were awful, I fell into a depression and my classmates were idiots that treated me like crap. I did enroll in this experimental class where all subjects were taught in english (I am from Spain btw) and my teacher even told me that "I would never speak english in my fucking life (More on that later) because of me "Another kid was left out". Languages are my passion today, I thought I would never speak english, that I was stupid and I hated it with a passion. I left high school after being bullied enough and started studying cosmetology. It was very expensive so I couldn't afford the studies and I quit. I had a trauma when it comes to schools and I didn't study again until recently. All this time, I never had a GF, never somebody said to me that they like me, ever. One day, when I was 21 or so. I registered on a dating site. Sigh... they had this feature where people would rate other people on a scale of 1 to 10. Thousands of people voted for me and my score was a 3 out of 10. That day, I ran out of home desiring that something bad would happen to me and I would die. That same day, I logged in on Second Life and I met a girl. We clicked and we started dating. She is from the US, too far away from me but I managed to save enough money to visit her twice. We loved each other dearly. She doesn't speak any spanish at all but we communicated in English, turns out I could speak english after all. 5 years later, not being able to stand a long-distance relationship, we broke up. I was devastated. Later, I had the terrible idea of installing Tinder, I thought somebody could be interested in me that lives nearby and I could go on a proper date. I didn't meet much people to be honest. I met this girl, which today is one of my best friends, my sister even. She is gorgeous, smart, I love her smile, her laugh, her voice, her personality. I told her back in the day that I loved her, she said she didn't feel that way and it broke my heart. I tried much later telling her again and she said the same. I also met this girl that was very intense at first but I wanted to meet her too soon and I messed up royally by doing so. And another girl which a personality I loved and I was rejected too. I was so sad and lonely. A lot of things happened that I am going to ignore, so I hope y'all dont mind it. I just don't want to recall them. I am living in complete hell at home. Where I am psychologically abused by my mom and my sister. I love them dearly but they are doing numbers on my mental health. I know it sounds mean to say this but... they are doing a lot of harm to me. My bestie and I are very close these days, she even wants to take me to another country away from my family. I have no job experience and no income. I am applying for jobs while studying for my high school diploma. I keep being negative thinking she should go with somebody else, thinking I am a horrible person and a horrible friend and I spend all days crying and mentally unstable. She told me today she met this girl on Tinder and she's going to date her tomorrow for dinner. I've been on Tinder for years, I even tried every single dating app with no luck. I even paid for every kind of subscription for any dating app on the market to no avail. I even spent more than 200$ dollars on datings apps... I just decided to reinstall Tinder today and see if I had any likes in all this time I had it removed from my phone... None, zip. I remember this girl that I spent the night with. We slept in the same bed. Nothing happened but we caressed and I liked it. That was all. She was not interested in me. She was interested in another person and when this other person broke up with her so to speak, she was meeting another person already. That never happened to me. Nobody finds me attractive or interesting or worth it. I know it's bad to say good things about myself but I am a sweetie, I am romantic, caring, I always go the extra mile to help my friends, I speak over 9 languages, I have culture... :(. At home, I have to hear my sister always have sex with her boyfriend. My walls are not that thick it seems. It is disgusting and it makes me feel so sad since I am a virgin still. I hate to see them kiss because nobody ever kisses me. Since over 10 years ago, every single day I desired to kill myself, I can't go on. I've prayed to God in every single language possible, I cried, I beseeched God to give me a partner. God never replied back. I only see people from my enviroment with couples and kissing and what not. Everybody but me. Honestly, being alone is not my only problem but it's affecting me greatly today. I get it, I am ugly, undesirable, it doesn't do any good to my self-esteem. I will never find a partner. I even set Tinder on "Global" to find me people all over the world... 0 likes. Nobody finds me attractive :(. I am going to die alone. I am even sure I won't be able to move with my bestie somewhere else. I won't even be able to find a job with no experience.   


I tried to explain everything the best I can but I am leaving out a lot of details because my mind can't think properly right now. I just decided to end it all, completely, I refuse to live, not like this. I am living just like when I was a toddler. In a house where everybody yells at me and even feints hitting me. I will never find love, I am tired of waiting, tired of searching, tired... sick and tired of it all.   


I just wanna get outside home and try to get a car to run over me. I have to right this wrong called me.   


I want my bestie to find somebody that loves her because she deserves it and I love her with all my heart and soul. I want her to have a great day tomorrow but I want something like that for me too. Even if that sounds selfish. Why can't I have the same?   


Excuse the large text, there's so much I forgot to mention like I am doing therapy and I've been taking medicines for the past 8 years and I still feel like killing myself.