There is no future for someone like me.I've been spending days doing nothing. I sit in front of this computer, I look through the same sites over and over again expecting something new, I lay in bed for a bit, I look out the window, because there's nothing that I want to do anymore and nothing that I do brings me any happiness anymore. It feels like I'm going crazy when I spend 5 hours like that.

The "Mom would be sad" thought used to stop me, but it's starting to not work anymore. My mom is the one who wouldn't let me play with other kids and had to move with me a bunch of times because of finding new jobs during my childhood, it's her fault that I ended up so messed up. I can't be normal after growing up like that.

I can't have friends, I'm so alone, I hate everyone. The only time I fell in love with someone was with this guy over the internet, we would talk for hours about obscure music and manga/anime and politics and internet stuff and everything else, that was the only time I was actually happy with someone because we had so much in common, we shared almost all of our interests, but I can't feel that with any IRL person, they're all nothing but normie trash to me. I've tried to have friends before, I did, but I didn't enjoy any moment of it and I still hate all of them. I just isolate myself from everyone because I can't find anything similar to what made me happy back then. I had a taste of perfection when I was talking to that guy, a taste of my dreams coming true, so now nothing else will ever be good enough.

And yeah, falling in love with a guy huh. I'm bisexual, but I'm basically gay, because my interest in women does exist but it's pretty small, add that on top of everything else. I'm already an obscure edgelord who spends all the day in his room and can't connect with anyone, then I'm also gay, there's no chance for me. All in see in real life are these annoying obnoxious gays who I'm also digusted by, I have no desire to be part of that so-called community. Go on, accuse me of having "internalized homophobia," you're wrong and I don't care.

I just hate this life, all of it, there's nothing here for me, I should've never been born here. It's been enough years of this same trash over and over again, nothing changes, I can't see any way out, I can't do anything. There is no reason for me to live. There is no future for someone like me.