it feels like there's nothing leftdon't want to make this too lengthy or what have you, but here is a brief background of circumstances.

i'm trans (specifically agender)... which is okay. out of all the factors that make my life miserable that aspect is very low on the list. i'm alright with who i am as a human. but i also have debilitating depression and anxiety. i am a first year university student; retaking my first year after a two week hospital stay that left me feeling unable to catch up to my peers. i'm reaching the end of the term and i feel hopeless. i'm only a part time student (i'm too stupid to take a full course load lol) and i find it almost impossible to go to class. out of the three classes i take, including labs and tutorials, i can only manage to go to one or two a week. im constantly paranoid about showing up after my constant absences that i just see it as another reason to avoid it. my work is subpar. i have three final assignments due this week and because of anxiety, procrastination and overall disconnect from the course material, i seriously don't think i can finish them, let alone get a passing grade. tldr i feel like i've fucked myself over yet again.

my brother is horribly abusive and manipulative. my dad is as well. they are good at hiding that under a facade for everybody else on the planet who isn't my mother or me. i am constantly degraded by my brother, called things like the R slur, anti gay/trans slurs, etc. but as an unemployed student i have to live at home(-that's another thing. i'm too fucking useless to get a job)

everything feels like it's spiralling i really can't do it anymore. everyone around me sees me as a failure. i don't have friends. tomorrow is my birthday and i'm going to spend the whole day crying and feeling immense anxiety over my inability to be a functioning student in academia. i've had enough. but even when i've tried to hang myself or overdose on my meds its never enough; the wire breaks or i just throw up. i'm thinking of jumping from the bridge beside my house. it does not feel worth it anymore. i don't know how to keep going. i'm a failure 