Never thought I'd do thisWell here I am. Not sure what to say but I guess this is where i can vent. Tired of losing people, never being good enough or interesting enough..We've known each other for 1 year and all it took was one day to change everything, to be replaced and then argue about it. She made me feel special, like I was the only guy she cared about, the only guy she could tell anything and it didn't take long for that to change. She tells me she cares about me, how I'll never be replaced but how can I feel like that if she doesn't treat me how I want to be treated? 

Tired of feeling like I'm just her second option, ever since that day she replaced me all I feel is like i want to die. She'd always comfort me when I get like this but tonight I haven't told her, how can I when all we ever talk about now is how I feel while I watch her do everything with him? How can I tell her that she's the reason I want to die and at the same time my reason to live? She's everything to me and all I can see is myself losing her slowly one day at a time, we've argued about this multiple times and each time she won. She was my reason to live, the one who pushed me and inspired me but here we are now where every day is a constant reminder I no longer matter as much as I used to? What is the point in living if all the people you invest yourself into just replace you and then get mad at you for trying to show them you still exist? 

I tried to tell her so many times I feel like I'm being pushed out but it seems she just doesn't listen, she reminds me I still have her but how? I used to feel like everything to her but now all I feel like is a nuisance, how can I be feeling this strongly attached to her when she's not my girlfriend? Everyday brings me one step closer to doing it, I just don't know how I want to do it. I thought about cutting my wrists open but the thought of hurting myself like that scares me too much to do it, I have to die but how? I've thought about jumping but that doesn't guarantee me my death though i may end up actually doing it. How can I tell my girlfriend that I no longer love her? We barely talk and she still loves me, but I can't bear this anymore. 

I knew I wasn't ready for the relationship but still jumped in knowing I wasn't ready to love her like she loves me but I still lie to her knowing if she knew the truth she'd hate me more than anyone. I shouldn't be alive, I shouldn't have people. People I don't see physically mean more to me than people I do? This relationship is not even physical, am i this desperate for someone to love me? I don't deserve any of this but I guess it won't be long till I finally decide to do this. I wish she didn't mean this much to me, she's killing me slowly..