RelativityAnxiety. Much of my childhood went under some serious separation from my family into my own mid. Asking myself questions, that I was unable to trust even my parents with. Gasping the unknown problems and relationships of my and other families was one of my my main occupations as a kid. Having nobody but myself in house, due to  my parents being too busy working made me think that those questions are not worth mentioning. Anxiety, that grew into depression due to lack of sociable skills grew. I developed skill to love me as I am, enjoying my life as a depressed nobody has become my everyday routine. Not being able to find any answers amongst my family members has turned me to science for answers. As time passed, what initially was curiosity driven process grew into existential dread. Studying made me think of our ''earth'' culture as something obsolete, something that will lead to our extinction. Our body being made of complex molecular interactions, does it really matter who am I, what are my values and cultural inheritage ? 
Human species have domesticated world as far as calling ''natural'' everything that is beneficial to economy of 0.1% of rich individuals no matter the costs. I'm considering if it's worth living in a world that is ruled by overpopulation, human centred economy on environmentally polluted planet, where something as selfish as money is ruling the planetary development? 
Being raised in second world country has made me realize that we don't really have a chance to become first world country due to unequal distribution of resources around the world, it made me realise that as much as third world countries would try to become less driven by wars and lack of resources they will never be able to maintain homeostasis in economy as long as we do not distribute our shared world resources amongst our fellow emotion seeking human beings ( which will never happen). All those feelings makes me think that I will end up like one of my parents either as an alcoholic or some cult driven lunatic and that there is no hope for our existence. Poor people will become exploited by rich class and mental and physical illnesses will exterminate us as robotized world become standard for ruling class.
Just sharing my thoughts on my awkward, self accepting life long journey as it begins. Do I accept my life as it is or do i seek help to become ''normal'', ''functioning'' member of society ?
Pls help comfort me in my journey of not killing myself over something that can be changed. 
Hopefully my only time of being open minded to society.
Peace, love.