maybe i’m too young to think this wayi’m thirteen, in seventh grade. i’m bipolar and that really doesn’t help my situation. i’ve had depression and problems with suicide since i was around ten. it really got bad this february. i was dating this girl for two months and she really abused me mentally, i decided to call it off and that was a bad idea. she had a lot of friends since she was popular and pretty much everyone hated me and i was hit by her friends who thought i was a dick. 

i was pulled out of school shortly after. i decided to get into another online school, even though i was in one for sixth and it didn’t go well. from there i decided to start talking to my old friends and that was also a mistake. that’s when my first real suicide attempt happened. it was around one am, no one knew and i had two belts. one of my friends had my mother’s number and knew something was wrong. they now knew and took away the belts. from then on they didn’t really care though, just assumed it was a sudden burst i guess. 

then i was contemplating it again, this time i had lost the courage i had from last, just breaking down into tears. i eventually started playing games on my pc again, i had no friends, but my brother introduced his. they are good friends at least, but sometimes they would act very immature and mean for their ages. i would just brush this off. like the last time i was home schooled, it didn’t work. i was too fucking lazy to do anything and just wanted to play video games to numb my mind. 

this spiraled into me not talking to my family anymore, not even my brother. my poor dad had got a movie for me and him to watch but then i fucked up by defending my brother when i thought my dad was being “too stern” i’m a dumbass. now me and my mom argue daily, i only hear my dads voice and don’t see his face anymore. i don’t talk to my brother anymore, and school is fucking me. i wish i could die, but i’m such a disgusting fat coward. twice i had the opportunity for the sweet release, but i had chickened out. i cannot buy a gun, nor do we have one, so my only option is the bootleg belt noose on my fan. how can i reduce the pain of my noose so that i may finally die?