I am going to be lonely forever - no friends, no significant other, no family. Just me.I've been having a really hard time lately, triggered by a rejection from a guy I really fucking liked. This sounds so pathetic, I know. But I am just. so. lonely. 

I've never had a date that lasted more than 2 hours but this one lasted for 5. He laughed at all my jokes, he was so kind and thoughtful, and attractive, and I genuinely felt a connection that made me so happy  - something I hadn't experienced in a long time. Finally, the universe was giving me something. I told my sister all about him, and stupidly believed that it would work.

We kept chatting non-stop after the first date and organized another - this time at the museum. My first ever museum date - I was stoked. And then right after that date he ghosted me. So I messaged him, and he left me on read. I messaged him again, and he sent me a dry reply. Then he told me he wasn't interested. 100 to 0, just like that. What is wrong with me? How did I fuck up so bad? I've been replaying that date in head for the past 5 days, trying to fathom how I could've kept him interested.  We used to talk all night and I missed him so much that I messaged him last night, asking if we could be just friends instead. He said yes, but then didnt reply to me for 4 hours -  he always used to reply withing minutes. I felt pathetic and desperate. I am pathetic and desperate. I really fucking liked him - and this doesnt happen to me much. 

I can't stop crying. Stupidly, I can't stop thinking that I won't find anyone like him. I've been on about a dozen first dates and he's he first person I genuinely liked.

I am also so jealous of him, in a way. Our first date was at a bar, and he pointed out to a booth nearby and said that's where he celebrated his 20th birthday with all his close friends. Thinking back, all my birthdays have just been me feeling sad and alone in my room. Every single one of them. I can't stop imagining how his 20th birthday would have been like. When talking, he would always send me snaps of him hanging out with his friends. On New Years Eve, he was playing drinking games with his friends. He sent me a picture of his friend group taken that day and I felt so fucking sad. I wished so bad I had something like that. Once he sent me a snap of his mates hanging out a beach house, having guacamole and crackers and fuck, again, I felt so sad. He has thriving at life, and somehow I thought I could be part of that. But I think he sensed my desperation and lack of social skills and noped the fuck out. 

I feel so pathetic but I wish I had memories and experiences and friends like him. I wish I didnt waste 7 years of my life doing absolutely nothing with my life. I feel like it's just too late. I can't stop imaging how his life has played out. Going to birthday parties, christimases with family, graduating with friends. I will never have those. 

I just want to end it all. I am so fucking pathetic. I'm so fucking lonely. I am broken. I want things I can never have. Life comes easy to some people. And then there are people like me.