Could really use some advice for my friendMy friend (M20) has been saying since I met him that he is going to kill himself someday. Usually he says this confidently but lightheartedly, usually with a chuckle or grin. It’s hard to take him seriously in person, almost like he’s presenting it in a relatable way. He has also been posting long paragraphs of how he can’t wait for death and how he’s only ever been comfortable on a noose. For almost as long as he’s been part of our friend group we have wanted to help him in any way we can, but he is incredibly resistant to change. A lot of our friends and acquaintances have put their money, reputations, and homes out on a limb for him, but he always seems to mess it up by being wildly insensitive and detached, often throwing blame around in a very defensive and sometimes offensive way. He is a master of words, and can throw you off and distract you until you give up. He’s incredibly stubborn and can improvise a defense using half-lies on the spot. If he gets caught in a lie or if he’s objectively wrong, he rarely ever admits it and has been hurting us all. We all feel like there are a lot of secrets he’ll never tell us or anyone who doesn’t already know. We found out his old friend groups that he says are some of his favorite people actually resent him for this behavior and more. None of us want that to happen this time.

Any confrontation involving this has been met with jokes and defense. We’ve tried talking but he’s too good at that. We simply can’t convince him of anything that didn’t come out of his own head. His past is tragic, he has a god complex that fuels most of his unruly decisions, he’s been smoking weed every day for probably longer than we have known him. We encourage him to grow but he insists he’d almost rather go back to living on the streets than stay in the home he’s in now. He argues that it’s his right to make every decision for himself, including killing himself, and that we should all be ok with it. One of his finsta posts is even him hanging from a noose in his bathroom. We’re all afraid to take action because he is avoidant impulsive and we all assume he would just skip town and stop talking to us if we tried to get him some real help (without his consent because he would never consent).

I’m probably rambling in a lot of these paragraphs, but I love this kid and his personality, but his negative traits threaten his own safety. All his relationships with his friends are either too shallow to matter or toxic because he disrespects the people he cares about. He even shrugged off suicidal texts from the person he considers to be his mother (not biological).

If this is behavior anyone here is familiar with and you have made it past this, anything would help because it’s about to go too far, things are getting very tense and dramatic.

TL;DR my friend is too stubborn to accept help for his troubled mind and it’s costing us his friendship