Lucid Reasoning (Why bother?)Just to get it out of the way, I'm not suicidal.  I've had suicidal thoughts before, when I was younger, and I will occasionally think about it now, but I honestly believe I'm far from it, seeing as how I fear the pain of dying more than living (at this juncture in my life).

So I guess my question is why bother with living when you have nothing to live for?  I understand people who live for their family, friends, job, career, money, etc, but what about for the people who really have nothing? By nothing I mean, I really don't care about anything other than the automatic functions we as humans go through (breathing, sleeping, eating, etc).  I am currently unemployed, which would explain why I'm bothering to post on SW to begin with, and have been quasi-"down" (I don't want to use the word depressed) for the past few months.  I find myself wondering what it is I am living for. 

I don't have a reason to live (nor do I want one).

I don't need anything.

I don't love anyone (family included).

I don't really care about anyone or anything.


I understand that this is abnormal and don't want to feel this way, but it's how I really feel.  I'm also having a hard time expressing myself via writing, even though I consider myself a decent writer (it's also late) so yeah...odd.  

I'd just like to know what you all think about life motivations.  How do you find motivation for someone who has none to begin with?

A personal (recent) story to kinda tie it all together.  I don't know who said it, but maybe it was Freud who talked about our two biggest drives as human beings are sex and death.  I was recently in the bedroom of my very hot friend, who wanted to just be friends with benefits (or so she claimed). I hadn't had sex in a few months, so it was the perfect set up.  But I walked away.  I kept thinking, "Whats the point?"  

So yeah.  I'm closing myself off to people.  Becoming a recluse.  I sleep, eat, shit, play video games, and then repeat it every day.  What's the point?