I'm sorry.Appreciate those of you that are fighting the good fight.

Was diagnosed with major depression as a teenager, mid-30s now with nerve damage in my back from an MMA injury leading to chronic pain. Special Ed teacher for over a decade but lost job late last year when the school closed and my medical coverage expired in Decemeber so I have been off all medication (SSRI, Gabapentin and Norco) for a few months. In the beginning I felt great, but a few weeks ago life started losing its "color"... not sure how else to explain it. Highs weren't high, food doesn't taste as good, music/video games/sports no longer interest or entertain me, blah blah blah.

I would say I'm not even really depressed like I have experienced in the past, I'm just empty and done. I feel like I was supposed to die already but somehow Death misfiled the paperwork and so my soul died but my body is just left wandering around hoping for a tree to fall or a car to swerve.. the thought of being able to go out maybe saving someone from a fire or jumping in front of a gunman, to actually give my life meaning AND be relieved of it at the same time, brings tears to my eyes and offers the closest thing to hope that I've had for awhile.

Financial ruin, pain, troubled marriage, normal stupid depression stuff. I'm sorry for such a boring story... I wish I had some kind of horrible disease or had experienced some terrible trauma or SOMETHING so that I'd feel that my depression was justified, but instead I am just weak. Just "pouting". 

Have you ever tried sitting through a really bad documentary? I mean like one that is REALLY biased on a subject and is filled with absolutely 100% lies and you find yourself looking around the room for SOMEONE else, ANYONE, to be like "Dude wtf right!? That's not true at all!" That's kinda how I'm feeling about life. So many things feel like lies.. things people seem to either take for granted or not even notice they have. Things -I- used to take for granted.

I dunno, I'm rambling. I feel like this is a message in a bottle or a time capsule or something. Sorry, and thanks for everything you do guys.