Being suicidal for 100% of the time for years is exhausting. I have no desire to put the work in to continue living at this pointAnhedonia is going to kill me. I literally have not felt a positive emotion for years, and I am incapable of it. My doctors have never been able to help me get the anhedonia under control, and I've been told that there may not be much they can do.

Things are hard enough when you have no intrinsic drive due to mental illness. I've been trying to get new work for a year that pays more, but something always happens, particularly in the interview.

My work at my current job as gone to shit because it is impossible for me to care about it now, especially after being rejected for raises.

I'm always in pain. I genuinely don't like life. I have been dealing with my issues for over half my life (I'm almost 30), and they are only worsening. On top of my mental health always being on a steady decline, my vision is beginning to worsen (congenital birth defect).

I have a wife, parents, 2 brothers, nieces, and 3 cats, and the thought of their sadness is no longer a deterrent, especially since these issues are not unknown amongst my family members. I know it will hurt them, but we sometimes must act in our own best interest.

I think of non-existence as a 0 state. The times where I have been genuinely happy, meaning above that 0, are few and far between (and a distant memory now). I spend my time in the negatives. I don't care about getting back to the positives now. I just want to be at 0. Therapy and doctors haven't helped me. I can't handle "the real world" anymore. I finally set my date. I've been prepping my note (really long one, but that is because I address a number of people directly). I have secretly gotten my affairs in order.

I'm sick of the fucking bipolar roller coaster, especially when I dont even get the positive feelings during mania. People want you to stick around because that is what you are supposed to do, but how do you help once someone no longer cares? I want to want to live, but I simply don't want to live.

Anhedonia is not talked about enough. That is what killed me. Deuces.