Reddit, I need some advice or help or just a listening ear.Hey Reddit, this is a second account I made primarily for this post and I'm sure future other posts. I need some help, or maybe just someone to listen and give me some feedback. I'm lost in depression.. I have a good life, a great life actually yet I can't shake this horrible sinking depression.
I have a good life. I have a great older brother who to me, is the equivalent of a real Superman. I have two amazing best friends whom I would be utterly lost without. I have a very supportive mother. I have an equally supportive step-mother and I have a slightly bipolar father. 
I've never really been good at talking about my problems, which is probably why I'm rambling (in my mind I am anyway) so if there is anyone out there that is actually taking the time to read this..I do thank you. I'll get to the point. Depression. I was first diagnosed with it when I was 13. Ah yes the tender age when it seems most adolescents are getting diagnosed with something, right? Well I got lucky enough to be diagnosed with depression. I remember the first time I realized what was happening in my mind. My grandmother had a brain aneurysm and a year later passed away from it and other illnesses. That was the moment my life changed forever. 
By this time I was a freshman in high school.
Shortly after my grandmother passed away my depression worsened. I was placed on medication but I've always had a negative feeling towards medicine. I was diagnosed with ADD when I was eight and always felt incompetent at school because I couldn't concentrate without medicine to help me. I'm now 21 and I've accepted the fact that the medicine helps me..but I still hate taking it.
Sorry, I am rambling again (sigh)
Alright, present day. Today is Easter..happy Easter Reddit! I'm sitting in my room typing this thinking to myself, needing someone to just give me advice. How to get out of my slump. I'm a 21 year old female, I'm working on my junior year of college with a music major, I have two amazing best friends, have three amazing roommates one of which is my brother. I have many talents and hobbies..yet, I'm extremely depressed.
I'm that person that everybody goes to for advice, goes to when they need someone to hang out with, I'm that person that gives drunk people rides home. I'm a genuinely well-rounded individual. Yet I just feel like I'm sinking into this massive black hole.
I've been fighting this for a long time, my mother has long since thought I was over my little 'mood-swing' and I was all better. I tried asking for help from one of my best friends, we'll call him Alex, and his response "You just need to be more positive. Think happy thoughts." but he doesn't understand. I can't just make my mind think something..when I try I just get even more frustrated that I'm not thinking positive enough and it's putting me in a darker place. I just..need some advice.
Anyone? Please? Thank you.