I have bad family issues.My mom had anger issues all her life and whenever I try to discuss it with her, she gets angry at me and denies it and tries to insult me back. I remember when I was six years old, I was studying shortly in a foreign country and I was absolutely terrible at English(English is not my first language). I wasn't able to memorize the alphabets and I was just very slow when it came to learning the language. For this reason, my mom threatened to send me to an orphanage and she actually threw me out of the house, not once but twice. I had to beg her to take me back. I also remember that whenever I would wake up late, she would literally start beating the shit out of me and cursing at me. I remember one time, she thought we were late and started beating me to wake me up and then when we out to wait for the bus, she realized we were an hour early. She never apologized. In fact, she never apologizes for anything. Once, in middle school, my mom and I were talking and it came to the conversation of when I was younger. I tried to tell her that I thought it was wrong how she treated me just because I was bad at English, and she got mad at me and told me that any parent would do that if their child was me.

My father and mother also treated my older brother terribly. He was not good at studying and he got low grades on his tests. My parents would beat the shit out of him. I remember I was playing games with my brother on his computer, when he should have been studying, and my parents found out when they came home. They literally grabbed a golf stick and hit him with it. I vividly remember my mother grabbing my brother by his face while he cried and telling my father to beat him while she held him. That made me cry when I witnessed what happened and thinking about it still makes me cry. I'm crying as I write this. My parents kicked him out of the house because he wasn't studying. My parents told me to lie that my brother was in the army if people ever asked me because it was “embarrassing” that he didn't go to university and also because she didn't want to look bad.

Now, it's happening to me. I'm not going to lie and say that I grew up to be a good kid because honestly, I am a terrible kid. So it just makes it so confusing because I don't know if my parents are in the wrong or if I deserve it. When I was in middle school, my parents were incredibly strict on studying. My mom wanted me to be some sort of child prodigy, but I wasn't. She wanted me to complete high school math(Geometry to Calculus) and middle school math in a span of 2 years(during my middle school years). I'm definitely not some fucking genius, ESPECIALLY in math because I suck at math so bad, so how the hell was I supposed to do that? When I didn't understand a question and tried to ask her, she would get mad at me and yell at me to find it on my own to "train" me to learn on my own. I don't know if it was because of this, but in 8th grade, when puberty hit hard, I started acting rebellious and stopped studying. Surprisingly, I still passed the classes while getting As and Bs. That's when my best friend(Maddy) and I decided to try drinking alcohol. I was at a sleepover with her and we snuck out at midnight to drink alcohol at this bar. After that, we did it a few more times. I found this app on my phone where I can talk to strangers and I decided to meet up with this guy to drink together(I was a huge fucking dumbass). We were supposed to meet at a subway station and I spotted him. He was not what I imagined looking like at all because he looked really creepy. I got scared and ditched him and decided to drink on my own. I went to my best friend's house completely drunk and her parents had to take care of me. They didn't tell my parents yet. Maddy and I were fighting a lot and honestly, I was being a really toxic friend, and the school principal had to step in. The principal had a meeting with her father and my parents, and her father told my parents that I had drank alcohol. My parents were really mad and shocked, but they didn't hit me or yell at me as I expected. They were just calm and told me to never do it again.

At the end of my freshman year, I started becoming really depressed for no reason. I didn't understand why, but I felt so fucking empty and hopeless. I started cutting myself. My parents found out and became very angry. They threatened to send me to a mental hospital. They asked me why I was cutting myself and told me to answer honestly, so I told them it was because I was depressed, and they laughed at me. They told me that if I was really depressed, I would just kill myself. They also brought up my ex best friend, Maddy, and said that she stopped being friends with me because I was acting like this. I thought my brother would understand, but he said I was self-harming because it's "trending" these days and that it's social media's fault. He said straight up to my face to go kill myself if I'm actually depressed. So I decided to kill myself before the last day of school. I wrote my farewell notes for my parents and close friends, and prepared myself to die by jumping off a nearby bridge, which was infamous for suicides. Knowing that I was going to kill myself was mental torture. I would just go home after school and cry and ready myself to die. Before the last day of school, my school has something that's similar to prom where the whole school body dresses fancy and eat at this expensive buffet. I was going to the bridge after that and going to jump off. I told one of my close friends about my plan and they stopped me. They told the school principal what I was planning to do and my father came to pick me up(I don't think the principal told my father). My friends really helped me through that and I'm still alive because of them.

Summer kicked in, and the relationship between my parents and I were really toxic. Whenever I would talk to my mom, we would end up arguing, so I stopped talking to her altogether. My brother came back home because he decided to go and finish university. I was glad to have him back, but I never expressed it because it was just really awkward and I didn't know how to. I barely spoke to him when he came back, but I cried happily by myself. Then, after a month or two, my brother and I were alone at home. He told me to do the dishes after he was done eating and I said to hold on because I was watching something on my phone. I was taking a while, so he just walked over to me and punched me. I was shocked and muttered "what the fuck" to him. He got more mad that I had said that to him, and he literally just threw me to the ground and started punching and kicking me. He cut off the wi-fi and told me to do the dishes. I had really bad bruises for 2 weeks because of that. After that, it became even more awkward between my brother and I, but he acts like nothing happened.

Until my sophomore year, I used to be really socially awkward and quite unattractive, but I had a "glow up." People started talking to me first and I became REALLY social. I literally had a 180 degree change. I was naturally confident and social and a huge extrovert. I made friends with a lot of the popular kids and got myself into dumb shit. I started drinking alcohol, going to clubs or bars, and vaping. Honestly, I don't think drinking alcohol underage is bad as long as you are surrounded with friends who can take care of you and are not drinking past the point where you can't control yourself. 

I first got caught vaping by my parents because I used their credit card to buy juul pods online. I lied to them that it was my friend's. After a month or so, I got caught again when my mother found a pregnancy test in the trash can. I wasn't pregnant, thank God, but my parents were pissed. My father was so angry(he was angrier than me vaping or drinking alcohol). My parents are not religious at all, so I never expected them to be so angry about sex. He literally flipped out, but he didn't hit me but my mom sure did. He then checked my bag to see if I had anything else and that's when he found my juul. My mother told me that if people ever find out that I had sex, everyone would make fun of me and that I would be expelled from school. I later explained to them that I used protection, but I lied to them that it was my first time so I was scared and that he was a boyfriend I had dated for a long time(it wasn't my first time and it were all just hook ups with my friends). Then my mom brought up how it was because I stopped going to church and she said that it was probably because all the kids were making fun of me there(she's not even Christian, so I don't understand why she said that). I explained to her that I stopped going to church because this teacher there asked me to hook up with him and I declined and I've felt uncomfortable since. She just said that I was lying and she told my dad not to believe me. Then, skipping to almost right before summer, I hung out with my friends and we drank together socially. I drank too much that day and I got really drunk. My friend ended up having to call his parents to drive me home. That's the second time I got caught drinking alcohol ever since the first time in middle school. My parents were very angry and they started hitting me, and I promised them I would never do it again.

Summer started and that's when my grades roll in. I got a F on my math, while getting As and Bs for other subjects. My parents were, of course, incredibly pissed but they didn't lecture me much about it. I really slacked off that year and seeing how I was caught vaping and drinking alcohol did not make me look any better. I wanted to really try hard for the next year, so I decided to spend my summer partying and wearing myself out, which worked. For the first week, straight, I was out all day with my friends, just drinking and crashing at motels or their houses. My parents told me that I can't have a sleepover, but I ignored them and slept over at my friend's house anyway. I drunk called my parents once and that's when they found out. I went home, my parents were very angry, they yelled at me, and then they started beating me up to the point I had bruises. Honestly, thinking about it now, I think I deserved it because I was really being a bad kid. I promised them that it wouldn't happen again. For about a month, I stopped hanging out with my current friends and stayed home because I didn't want to anger my parents more, and moved on to better friends because my current friends were being a really bad influence on my life. I reconnected with some old friends and we decided to catch a drink together. Everything was fine. I drank moderately, just drove around in my friend's car(of course, my friend who was driving didn't drink at all), and then we all went to his house to just talk there. I called my mom and asked her if I could sleep over at my friend's house(I always lie and tell her that it's at one of my girl friend's house because she freaks if I'm with a guy) and she said no. I got angry and explained to her that we weren't doing anything bad and that I'm fine. She still said no. Instead of obeying her, I ended the call and slept over at his house anyway. We really didn't do anything bad(we did drink but we drank maturely and to the point where we were all under control, as we had a lot of experiences drinking before and we just drank for the sake of drinking socially) and I was just angry that she didn't trust me this once. Of course, she has every right not to trust me because I broke her trust multiple times but the fact that the time when I was finally becoming "good” she didn't trust me, just made me really angry and want to break her trust more. I got home the next day, my parents are mad, they yell at me, and my mom hits me. After that, for the other month, I just stayed home because I felt like if I went out, my parents would get angry and I felt like I would do something dumb. That's when my mother found my vape a second time. I fell asleep with the vape in my hand and she saw it because she regularly just barges into my room. I used to be really addicted to nicotine and I just started going crazy when it was gone. I went into my parent's bedroom, looking for my vape everywhere, and demanded to know where it was. My parents woke up and got mad, of course, and the usual things happened- my parents screaming at me, me screaming back, then beating me, then leaving me alone. I found where my mom had hidden my vape and got it back. When my parents found out and demanded to know where it was, I lied to them and told them that I sold it to a friend.

After summer, when school started, I really decided to get my life back together. I dropped all the friends that were a bad influence on my life and tried to strengthen the friendships that were healthy to me. One of my good, older friends decided to go to the military instead of university right away. It was his last day and I decided to grab dinner with him. I asked my mom if I could sleep over at his house and she said no. I told her that I'm done with all the bad things now and that it's been a month since anything bad happened and begged her to let me because I wouldn't be able to see my friend again for a while. She still said no. This just made me spiral back down again. I got angry because she still hadn't trusted me and ignored her. My friend and I drove around in the night, just having some deep conversations, and I went home at midnight. My parents didn't say anything the next day and were just glad that I was home before morning. I really think she should have trusted me that day because my friend and I did nothing but drive around, and the fact that she didn't trust me made me want to rebel again.

After a week from that, I decided to quit vaping. I threw away my vape device and juice. When I got home, my dad suddenly called me angrily. I asked what was going on and he said that he was contacted by the police because I was being charged for shoplifting. Around 2 months ago, my friend and I had shoplifted at this store. I only stole one item, which was 15 dollars. My parents got home, yelled at me that I was going to get deported or thrown to jail for a year, and they beat me again. My mom said that I was acting this way because I was dressing like a slut and this is why Maddy stopped being friends with me. I got angry because it was summer time and I all wore were shorts and tank tops or short-sleeved shirts, and my mom constantly brought up Maddy whenever I did something bad. Maddy and I stopped being friends THREE years ago because we were fighting constantly and we were both going through middle school puberty and we needed to mature up. I just hated how she brought up Maddy whenever I did something bad and would say that's why she stopped being friends with me. I also just find it so funny how the day I decide to quit vaping and really move on with my life, this shit catches up with me. And want to know something funnier? My friend got away with it and I'm the only one paying the consequences. My brother came home and beat me up too. We begged the store to drop the charges and they said they would try, but it's up to the prosecutor. Everything was okay for about a week, until my brother caught me staying up all night. I have a huge fucking problem sleeping. I have this insane fear of falling asleep and I try my hardest not to sleep. Also, I procrastinate on my homework and I keep telling myself that I'll do it later. I've recently been taking sleeping pills to solve this problem. My brother told me to go to sleep and I said that I had homework to finish. He asked what I was doing the whole day and I told him I had fallen asleep. He said to go to sleep, but I said no. He then got angry and started punching me really hard. I couldn't deal with it anymore. I kicked him back. My parents and brother are always hitting me, and I had to just crawl up into a ball and defend myself from their punches and kicks, and I was so fucking done. He was shocked that I had hit him back and it just made him angrier. We started fighting and we eventually stopped. He then spit on my face and I spit back at him. He punched me again. I told him to stop. He said that if he hits me once, then I can hit him once back. I didn't know what to even do at this point, so I said okay. He's a big guy and I'm a thin girl, so of course, his punches hit a LOT stronger. He punched me in the arm once and I punched him back, and it kept going until my mom stopped us. What she said just blew my mind. She told my brother to stop hitting me because I had to go to the police station because of my shoplifting and she said that the police might be able to see my bruises. My brother yelled at my mom saying that she treats me better and that it's unfair for him. I felt bad for him because he was just taking out his anger on me and he probably still hasn't recovered from his family issues. My mom assured him that she would kick me out of the house once I was an adult and then she went back into my room to yell at me. I still have bruises from my brother and my mom. After that, it's all been calm. I think my mom felt bad because she would make me really good food, but I didn't eat and just got angry at her because I'm still holding a grudge for what happened.

It's not only my parents that I have relationship problems with. Every single one of my close friends ended up leaving me. Whenever I get close to someone, we end up fighting and then drifting apart. Same thing happens to my exes. I just have really bad relationship problems. It's gotten a little better, but not much because I've been kind of distancing myself from the fear that I'll lose them.

All this shit is mentally deteriorating me. Honestly, I've thought about suicide a LOT of times. I thought of taking all of my sleeping pills and ending it all, but I'm fucking scared of death. Honestly, I feel like I sometimes unconsciously get myself into trouble because whenever something bad happens to me, I stop fearing death because I want to escape the problem. I fear death constantly, that's why I hate sleeping because it's like death.

I know that I'm a bad and troublesome kid. I don't know what the fuck my problem is. I really want to better myself, but whenever I actually try to, something bad I did in the past reveals itself and I get in trouble with my parents again, which makes me do the bad things again to cope with the stress. It's like God actually fucking hates me. I have no passions or goals or motivation in life. I just want to get into good university to make my parents proud.

I just hate how I turned out. I never expected to be such a bad kid and I feel bad for my parents. I wish I was a child prodigy like they wanted or at least a good kid, you know? I also feel like I'm becoming dumber and losing focus. I used to able to read all day, but these days, I can't focus while reading and I can't understand a lot of simple things. My memory has also turned to shit and I forget things all the time. I don't know if people can be dumber, but I sure feel like I am. I just want to be a kid again, playing with my toys. This is embarrassing to admit, but that's kind of why I started playing Roblox again. It was a childhood game of mine I used to play all the time, and I got back on to feel like a child again.

I'm sorry for this incredibly long post. I just had to get this off my chest. I don’t know what to do with my family. I don’t know if my family is right to treat me this way because I’m not a good kid. I don’t know what I’m really looking for by posting this, but I just had to get this out there.