Been depressed for the past 3 years and for the first time I am really considering killing myselfBasically it all started in my Junior year of high school when I got suspended for 4 days for showing up to my Homecoming dance drunk. It was not even my fault that I got caught, my friend was too drunk to even make it inside and got stopped by a cop outside the main entrance, he then ratted out me and 3 of my other friends. So I get suspended for that and my parents are FURIOUS at me. I get yelled at for literally 3 hours following the incident and my parents ground me for a year. That's right, a year... I was not allowed to go out for a year and basically lost all of my friends. Well I didn't really lose my friends but I never felt as close to them as I once was. This is what started my depression. I felt so sad every single day of my life. Getting out of bed was the hardest thing in the world and school just fucking sucked ass for me. I would just go in and hear all my friends talk about all the fun stuff they did that weekend and I'm just kind of there, not being able to relate to any of their experiences or anything. However, this situation was not all that bad. I ended up getting really good grades that year and picked up producing music as a hobby. And with my improved grades I was able to get into, what I thought, was my dream University, the University of Wisconsin Madison. However as time went on I started to get more and more into producing music and at some point I remember I decided that this is what I wanted to do with my life. I wanted to study Audio Engineering and I did not tell my parents that though because I knew that they would not support me (which will turn out to be the biggest regret of my life). My parents are the classic hardcore conservative, religious, type of people and they pushed me and pushed me to pursue something that would get me a job. I was moderately interested in Computer Science so they pushed me to do that and so I decided that was what I wanted to do in college, even though deep down, I KNEW it was not what I wanted to do. But I didn't really care, I just wanted to go to college and enjoy the University experience. Fast forward a year and my parents finally let me out of the house again. Needless to say, once I had freedom again, I went a little overboard. I started smoking weed every day and going out and getting drunk every weekend. My parents would catch me repeatedly and our relationship just got worse and worse and worse. They started to despise me more and more. Needless to say by the end of the Summer, our relationship was in absolute shambles as I went off to college. But I didn't really care. It's college fuck yeah I don't have to see them anymore, freedom!

So I go off to Uni and things just get worse. I was so happy to be finally relinquished of my parents control and, again I went a little bit over the top. I started to just not give a fuck about school and started smoking and drinking almost everyday. I joined a fraternity and that was just the end of it. About halfway through my first semester I get caught for smoking inside my dorm room. I get a ticket for paraphernalia (which got dropped thank God) and I get in trouble with the university but its not really a big deal since it was my first time. I just had to take this marijuana awareness class online and that was it. It was around the time of this first offense that my mind set started to kind of change. I realized that I hated what I had become. At this time I had not really been depressed for a while but it slowly started to come back. I just did not give a fuck about learning about Computer Science, it was not interesting to me at all and I knew at this point that I needed to get the fuck out of this University and regain control of my life and reach my original goal that was still deep down inside me, to study Audio Engineering and producing. I just felt like a fucking loser all the time. My grades were absolute shit. I ended up getting a 2.4 GPA that semester. Finally towards the end of the semester, I tell my parents that I want to transfer schools and that I am not interested in anything I am learning about at University. After a long talk my parents finally agreed to support my dreams. I go home for Christmas break and my parents find out about my grades and have a long talk to me about how my life is heading, I made my Mom cry and that was kind of like the "woah I really fucked up moment." I felt like such a fucking idiot. My parents do all this shit for me and work their asses off so I can get a good education and I just threw it all away like an ungrateful little shit. This is where my depression started to hit overdrive. I was always so angry at myself. I started to smoke weed everyday to cope with my depression over break and they caught me again like 5 days before I went back to school. At this point they had just lost all hope for me, or so it felt like that. When they confronted me about it, I had never seen my parents so defeated. I wanted to kill myself, I felt so shameful. I gave my parents a heartfelt talk about how I will change at University and give up pot and drinking and all of that and focus on school so I could transfer to learn Audio Engineering. They agree to let me transfer so long as I get a 3.5 GPA and stay out of trouble and for once, I feel that they have faith in me again. Well I got back to school with this mindset and I follow the limits I set for myself... for the most part. I just can not give up weed. I gave up drinking (which was not that hard, I never really liked drinking anyway) and started to do really good in school (still am) but then... some incidents occur. I get caught, 2 more times for smoking weed in the dorms like a fucking idiot. The university puts me on probation and I have to go to a counseling center as a form of punishment. They threatened to call my parents but I begged and pleaded for them to not and was able to get out of that. After this situation is when I really started to change. I stopped smoking weed after these 2 incidents and started to devote all of my time to my music and school. Fast forward to the weekend of 2/24, I go to visit my friend who lives in Marquette to take a break from all the studying I had been doing. I get a call at around 11 from my buddy on the floor below me who says cops are searching around his floor and he asks me if he can put his weed in my room because he thought it smelled and didn't want to get busted. I explain to him my situation and ask him to take full responsibility if something were to happen. Well something happened and I get an email the Monday I get back from Marquette from the University saying that they smelled pot coming out of my room and that I had to meet with them again. My buddy sends them an email taking responsibility for the pot but yet they still ask me to meet with them. I just got back from my meeting and they did not believe me and now I am probably going to get kicked out of my dorm and they are going to call my parents and tell them about all my past offenses.

I've been crying for the past 2 hours because of this, I dont even remember the last time i've cried and have never felt so depressed in my entire life. I feel like the biggest fuck up in the entire world. I am actually seriously considering killing myself just so I do not have to deal with the disappointment of my parents. I cannot even fathom the future. I am going to be stuck in Madison learning about shit I don't give a fuck about or my parents are going to make me move back home and ill have to live with them and go to a university around where they live (they are in New Jersey). I don't have anyone to talk to here or anywhere for that matter about this. I do not feel close to anyone. I hate it here. I have no true friends here, school is stressful is fuck and I just feel like a fucking moron now because I just completely jeopardized the one thing that was keeping alive and sane, transferring and pursuing production. I lost any faith I have left in humanity. I try to live a better life and yet no one believes me or gives a fuck. I will try to explain this to my parents but they will not believe me. They really thought I changed my life for the better and now they are going to hear about all of this stupid shit I did and it won't mean anything to them. All of my other brothers are so successful which makes everything 10000x worse. My two oldest brothers graduated with a 4.0 and both have jobs. My little brother is a star athlete in High School and is going to get a scholarship to play lacrosse at one of the top university's in the country. And what have I accomplished? Nothing. I'm a stupid fucking pothead who can't fucking learn when to stop. I don't know what to do at this point but killing myself is honestly sounding like a better option at this point. I just feel so alone in the world and just feel like everything is working against me. I don't know what to do anymore and I don't want to live in a world anymore where I feel so alone with no one to talk to and where my parents feel nothing but dissapointment in me.

Here's some of my music if any of you were curious, its the only thing that might keep me alive at this point: https://soundcloud.com/engelwoodmusic