You Should be Hopeful Compared to MeLife is not a competition, yet I have failed in every way imaginable and compared to me you are a winner. Hitting rock bottom is different for everyone but my rock bottom is truly terrible and it reflects my bad life choices.

I have had no self respect for myself in almost 40 years of living. I have been intimate with over 50 men and most of those occasions I was drunk and desperate for attention. I have ruined my relationships and have had multiple miscarriages, I've never been married and now I know I can't be in a relationship of any kind as I will only damage the other person. I have been an addict and had an awful drinking problem for years and years however I was still a mess before this as well. 

I have no degree and I have talked my way into being hired in multiple jobs and I have built a career I hate and I have burned my bridges so that I can't have references to get another job during this difficult time, and I wouldn't be hired anyways as all the jobs I've wrongly had require a degree now. I resigned my job before Covid and I don't even qualify for unemployment.  I lost my fiance, my cat, and my home from these actions. 

 I am in severe debt, I almost died and had to go in for emergency surgery with no insurance a few months ago. Prior to that I have had to move home to my parents (who I have also neglected over the years) as I was asked to leave my home by my now ex-fiance after losing my job and not being able to take care of myself or afford rent/bills. In addition to being hospitalized I had other severe health problems a few months prior to that and I am still suffering from feeling dizzy, have issues with focus, and I do not feel well enough to move forward or help myself get better in any of the ways I used to be able to. 

Now I see my life has been wasted, there are no more options for someone like me. I was a drunk and a drug abuser for years and years, I am now sober for the past two months and I remember all of the bad things I've done and cannot forgive myself for. I don't deserve to be here still. I don't deserve to have a place to stay, I should be on the street. I spend most of my days researching how to end things, I need to find a method that works and will not fail. 

If you are still reading this long sad rant of my life, karma is real and I am in this place in my life because of my mistakes and my bad behavior and compared to me, hopefully you see that your life still has hope and has options for success. Mine does not, I spend my days researching options to end my life and I have no joy, the only thing I look forward to is sleeping and to not wake up at some point. I have nothing to build on, nothing to feel happy about, and no options to fix the mess I have made.

To recap I have multiple health/mental problems and no way to pay to help myself through them, I have lost everything, I have no job or hopes of getting another one, I am worse than broke, I have no future and I have been lucky to have even made it to this point with my crazy behavior, and being sober and seeing my past clearly I know I have hurt a lot of people and I do not deserve to move forward. I only want out of this life, there is no way to fix things. I need to end this life soon, I have been suffering for a very long time and I have only caused suffering in other people.