Old feelings are coming back and new ones are making it worse this time.I recently finished my big final school exams (Leaving Cert cause I'm irish but I think its the same as finals) and I got my results a few days ago. I got what I needed for college and much more so I'm pretty safe there so I know I should be happy but I failed Maths and I didnt think much of it at the time cause Ive never been much good but just now my dad asked me to add up the money I spent today and I realised that I couldnt do even that in my fucking head. I've always struggled with numbers but in the past hour I've realised that the past 6 years of secondary school and even the years befor ein primary were literally a massive fucking waste of time. I spent 6 years in secondary struggling along and all I did was get worse as the years went up. and realising that I cant even do small things in my head made me realise that Im fucked up for the rest of my life. It was just that tiny thing about not being abble to add in my head made me really scared about whats going to come up in he future. I spent 50 euro today and I have no idea how, I spent 20 in the cinema beause I bought my girlfriend her ticket and 10 euro on phone credit but thats 20 euro missing and I have no idea and I cant make sense of any of it. We finally find out whether or not we get into college tomorrow morning and Im finding myself back feeling helpless again.I had a friend who turned out to be an asshole because all he did was berate me and call me names and make fun of me and id be the butt of his jokes and he would slowly turn  my group of friends against me, i realised the crappyness of it and got out of the situation but what he did still annoys me because he mocked me when I came out but now says hes gay and everyone was so accepting of him and i had to go through 3 years of him making me feel like i shouldnt be alive anymore because I wasnt normal or didnt belong in school. I thought I was over all of it and when I saw my maths grade I realised that he was right to call me useless and that school was just not for me. I'm not going to become anything great im just going to get a boring job and a boring house and a boring family and do boring things because I cant do anything I think of right and it scares me so much because I feel like im letting every part of me that has dreamt of becomeing some cool actor down because im afraid to go out and try it. Im really scared of the future and I want to do well but I really dont think I can. I havent felt this way in a while and I just needed a place to put it. Ive gotten close to ending it once before and since these thoughts have started becoming more frquent im afraid Im starting to consider it again. Im 18 and still live at home and I know if I say all this to my [arents they wont think im being serious and that Im just over reacting but im so afraid of what Im going to do I just need someone to tell me im going to be alright but I cant see how I will plase help me 