I don't have a will to live anymoreWas gonna use throwaway account. But fuck it.

It's such a failure that I had to move out of my own house. Because I don't have money to take care of myself, my bills, and my dogs anymore. I don't have any money to even go to hospital for checking my flu, or even getting check by a psychiatrist. Being back to Mama's boy is so.. tired. I have to endure my dad, who is alcoholic, abusing me by words, expecting me to be the best child. Get married. Get a good workplace. And I already knew it's impossible.

I've got a flu this morning and couldn't taste anything anymore. If I've infected by the virus it'll be so much less tiring. Since I don't have to try it by myself. Maybe because I've done internship in a mall?

My grade is so fucked up I can't get any workplace. I wanted to try to live by myself and it has failed miserably. Old office kicked me out, got a new office, got kicked out again. Because of the damn virus.

The goverment is rotted to the core. I couldn't get any money for working. I couldn't get any subvention because I'm academic student, even I'm done for the university for a damn month. And seeing "Someone" is having such a luxury life by wasting our taxes.  I can't. All social media keep posting the same things. Over and over again. I'm so tired.

I'm so sorry to tell you this bro. But I'm having suidical thoughts the whole time. I see myself trying to do suicide in every way. Jumping out of the bridge, drowning, crashing by car, overdosing my pills. The whole time.

The sexual harrassment I've got in fifth grade. It's still haunting me even in the dreams. That faces. That laughs. That place. That feelings. That hopelessness. is echoing in my mind ever since.

I'm trying to isolate myself so anyone won't be hurt, sad, get annoyed by me anymore. But I've ruined my relationship with the only one who I'm loving so much that I can die for. By telling him I want to be alone. But it hurts me more, so much more. You're the only light in my life, and I've ruined it by these hands that typing this nonsence.

I want to thank you everyone for making it to the end. I just want to get it done. I've got an energy to do something today. and I'll use it fot taking my life tonight. Thank you.