I cant take this anymore its just too unbareble.I simply cant take this anymore. Its just too unbearable.

I often feel like just ending it all. Its just no point in anything anymore. I get bullied in school so much. It\`s every single day no matter where I go it's always there, even online. I\`ve deleted my Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat. Simply because I was getting so much harassment. And if that sounded bad. We haven't even gotten to the worst part yet. The f\*cking school hallways. It's a hell on earth, I get shouted at, pushed, grabbed, teased, even hit. They call me "s\*ut" "wh\*re" "bi\*ch" "ugly" "fat" "disgusting" and much more. Really everything you could think of. I\`m scared to go to school because I don't know whats going to happen.

Sometimes I go to the library to try and relax a little during lunch breaks. They once ripped my phone out of my hand and said that they were going to smash it. They didn't, but still.

Back when I was 13, I had just switched schools because of bullying. I was trying to start a new life. Everything was going fine. I was dating one of the boys. We were together for about a month until it all went to shit and it has been there to haunt me ever since. I'm 14, almost 15 now. That dickhead guy is now together with one of the other girls. I think that relationship is what really started the firestorm. I

it's usually a group of 3 girls and 2 guys. Everyone can see everything that is happening and they don't do anything. It makes me feel so helpless. They will take any opportunity to take what I say out of context and turn it against me. They will fabricate false stories and spread fake rumors just to make me look bad. They say that I\`m really close to my brother, like REALLY close. Wich, I am not. I love my brother, as a f\*cking brother. And that I have a crush on this one 17-year-old guy, who I bearly even know. I don't understand why they do this to me, I'm not a mean person in any way, actually I'm probably one of the nicest people you'd meet.

There is absolutely no fun in anything anymore. Everything is just an endless struggle. There is no escape from it. I am legally forced to go to school and I cant do anything about it. People think there is so much getting done to prevent it and yes there is a large amount of anti-bullying campaigns, but all they do is make people more aware of the issue, the bullies don't give a sh\*t and they are the once who are the real problem. My parents don't understand and the teachers just overlook it. When I get home from school, I just go to sleep immediately because all I do is cry. Sleeping is the only sort of escape I have. I have switched schools once and there are no other high schools in my area. I'm never going back to that school.

My profile picture is my face, btw. I know I'm ugly, I got that through my head years ago.

\- Victoria Lizz