It is a world completely sad, where the low sullen skies seem about to rain pure horror from above. (Long post). iI am lost. I’m a 26 year old woman with nothing to show for my life. I barely graduated high school, took time off after because I didn’t know what to do, eventually ended up going to a shady for profit school (Phoenix), because it was easy admission and brick and mortar schools scare me too much. I did end up finishing my AA there in Elementary Ed, which was a complete waste and I have no desire to work with kids or teach them. That has left me with 26k in loans. 

I don’t have any friends. It’s hard for me to get close to people. The only person I communicate with on a daily basis is my cat. 

I have two credit cards in collections (2k total), my credit is awful. The only jobs I have ever worked are retail ones and they go smoothly at first and I think everything is going to come up milhouse, but there is always an issue. I’ve been sexually harassed, I’ve had my hours cut because I spoke up about the negative treatment, I’ve worked in a situation where I was the only one on the registers on a busy sale weekend, and I was trying to go as fast as I can, but the entire time I was being scolded over the radio by my manager for not stocking the food items up front or putting merchandise back. 

I’ve been unemployed since the end of March after I reported the unfair treatment from
the sexual harassment job and HR decided nothing was wrong and implied that I was making it up, so I quit. I’ve tried to search for jobs and have been rejected over and over again. I had a promising interview with a credit card company for a wonderful position, did several phone interviews, and never heard back from them. That destroyed any confidence I had left. I live with roommates and I am grateful that I have shelter, but there’s no money left. I have $40 in my bank account. I do mturk to try and make some sort of money, but it will not be enough for bills I have due in a week. I just have no hope. 

I want to go back to school (I’ve applied to WGU) and I think that is the right decision, but I don’t know if I can make it that far. Both of my parents were addicts and I swore to never follow that path, and I haven’t. But recently I’ve been mixing benzos prescribed to me and alcohol. It’s not enough. It’s not destroying me like I wish it would. I’m just hopeless, I feel like a burden, I’m disappointed in myself. My mother always told me growing up that I was worthless, that I would never amount to anything, that I’d end up alone, and as much as I hate her, she’s right. Mother does know best. 

I just wish I had an opportunity, a chance to change my life, to show someone that I am
capable and smart and a hard worker, but it is just not happening. 

So why try anymore? Why would I continue to live? I’m just a waste. I’m so sorry that this post is so long. 