I'm not sure why I'm posting this but I felt it should be out there somewhere.It’s clear I’ve overstayed my welcome in your life and my own.


I have never had an intrinsic will to live. Whether that’s apparent or not I’m not sure — I became talented at hiding it. I didn’t think I would live to eighteen. Until now, life has been railroaded enough by external forces that I could float through it easily. After university ended, that became floating through open space, which led to the realization that the rest of my natural life is meant to be guided by intrinsic forces (of which I have none) and that has manifested of a level of pain with which I cannot cope. In response, I acquired some money and did my best to have some fun. The fonts of those both have dried and I’m confronted again with the future: years of work with nothing foreseeably strong enough to justify it. Death is my alternate response. Selfish? Yes, but not as much as idling through life on others’ resources. There exist a host of other personal thoughts and details that I’m sure will come to light eventually, but I chose to omit them here. I just want to be clear that this was not a decision made in a brief moment of passion.


As a note, I finally cracked in repressing my gender dysphoria this year and sought treatment, saving my life a number of months, but obviously, my body and face made the effort ultimately unsuccessful, and I absolutely cannot proceed through life as a male. Still, it was the grandest goal and best decision I ever made and I hope you can remember me not as one hundred percent male.


It would be unethical of me to attempt to force anyone else not to think of blaming themselves, but please know that I didn’t blame anybody but myself for the circumstances or my final decision. You offered me more than I deserved. You have my deepest apologies for wasting your time and affection over the years past. I loved you all as much as I could but my heart was shallow and I simply couldn’t keep holding onto life for other people. I was not meant for this world.


-a