I need to vent. I hope you guys don't mind.You know, a lot of the time I would think about suicide. At first it was just a fantasy, something that I would think about and wonder "how would people react? would they care?" But now it's gotten a bit more serious. I'm still so scared, I'm scared that it'd hurt. I'm scared of hell, if there is a hell. I'm scared of letting down my god. I don't think I'll ever do it, though I often hope for it. I've considered taking drugs (acid, specifically) to make it less scary, which has worked if it wasn't for my friends stopping me. There are some train tracks nearby I was going to stand on. They didn't let me. I hate that. I know these people hate me, all I do is cause them trouble and drink all their alcohol. It really bothers me. Why don't they just stop feeling sorry for me and tell me the truth, that I'd be better off dead. They blame me for everything and tell me how much of a downer I am but I hate being alone and can't keep my fucking mouth shut so I just take it. I don't work very hard, I guess you could say I'm extremely lazy. I've never really had to work hard in school. Now I do, now that I'm in college things are getting harder and I'm failing. I honestly don't feel like life is worth the effort of trying. And everyone who I think doesn't hate me just looks at me with this kind of half-disgusted pity in their eyes. I hate that. I hate being a problem for other people. I just kept thinking about suicide for so long I decided to tell a friend. It made me feel better, I wanted to die less. Every time I was feeling down I would vent. I loved it at the moment and looking back I'm sure it made me look like an attentionwhore. That made me feel worse, and I vented more. Now people don't believe me, and they think it's a joke. They make JOKES, to ME, about ME WANTING TO DIE. WHAT THE FUCK DOES THAT SAY ABOUT ME? They think I'll never do it and sometimes I do too and it makes me feel disgusted with myself. I feel like a waste of life. I feel like I'm going to drag myself through life for years and years and die a slow death of cancer or something. And it frustrates me. It frustrates me that I don't want to die more. I look back at my life and I see how pathetic I am and I look at myself now and how I'm getting fat and how I'm failing out of school and I don't understand why I can't hate myself just a bit more. Does it even make sense that I "want to want to die?" I want to be at the point of crying uncontrollably, I want it to hurt so bad that I finally just throw myself in front of the fucking train. I'll never fit in anyway, I'm such a socially awkward douchebag. I deserve death, I'm such an asshole and I weigh everyone down. I can't help it. If there's a god I hate him, I hate him for making me so useless, I hate him for making me not care and making me ugly and making me the kind of lazy shit that plagues everyone including himself. I probably have some sort of mental illness, that's probably the reason for all this, I'm a fucking cripple. I don't know, some days it does get bad, and I cry myself to sleep at night. and I feel GOOD. That doesn't make sense, I know. It's like, a different kind of pain. It's something I have the solution for. When I want to die I feel relieved because I KNOW the answer to my problem. And then it goes away. And I'm stuck with this. I'm disgusting. Everyone I know hates me. I dated a girl once, and I found out she had some kind of weird pity-fetish. I didn't even know that was a thing, but a friend of hers actually told me she went out of her way to date guys she thought were losers or something like that. Even this girl who told me she loved me over and over, was really, on the inside, disgusted with me.

I know this doesn't seem to be in the right order, nothing has to do with the sentence before it. I just needed to throw this out there. I bet posting this will fuck me over somehow, since it's got a lot of identifying info or something like that. Tell me if there are typos or if I left a few words out of a sentence because it's almost 5:00 AM.