I've got alot of good things in my life but I still have suicidal thoughts almost every dayI'm a 18 year old male from Australia. I've had alot of great things happening to me lately. I've recently got a loving girlfriend who I've been friends with for several years. I've finished year 12 completely and am expecting the soon to be result of a strong Australian tertiary admission rank (ATAR). I've lost weight and looked the best I've ever looked. I've surrounded myself with strong and loving friends and have accomplished many things that make me feel happy eg, public speaking, film making, volunteering. But yet every second minute of my day I'll think about suicide. I don't know if this year's lockdown, year 12 anxiety and social problems had put me deeper in my previous subconsciounly forgotten mental health problems (I'm non diagnosed and have never seen a psychiatrist) but it's brought something bad out of me. I've alwaysed had this low lying sadness over my life but I never bought into it due to just forgetting about it and living a kid's life. 

However from about the start of this year it's just taken over me. I will be sitting there playing games with my friends or hugging my girlfriend and being full of happiness then it just hits me, these depressing thoughts. I can't get them out of my head and the more I try to ignore them I'm filled with dread and the overwhelming urge to do something irrational to myself. It's almost as if I swap in between states of bliss and depression hourly. 

About 4 months ago I called the suicide hotline to talk about how I felt and at that time I just couldn't explain why I was feeling suicidal with much substance. The lady was very pleasant and she talked to me which calmed me down for a while. She advised to find comfort in family and friends. I have talked to friends about it and they have told me it'll be okay but it isn't okay. There's something wrong with me and I can't fix why I feel this bad. I have so much and am really privileged but I'll still find time in my perfect day to look into my knife draw or off the side of a cliff while thinking the worst. It pisses me off that I have these thoughts while over people go through so much and are so much stronger. Why can't I be strong. I need some help