I am 19 and already feel that my life is overSo this is going to be a long one in order to encompass all of the things that I have done to ruin my life, and led me to want to kill myself. Also am posting this on my porn account because all my friends use reddit and might recognize my username, so if you want to browse my account and see how much of a fucking freak I am then be my guest.

Honestly while I haven't always been cognizant of it, my life has been leading towards my current misery for a very long time. I'd say the first showings of me being completely fucking inept, at least that I can remember, appeared in fourth grade. I would forget to do my homework no matter how many warning slips and detentions, and meetings with the principle I had. My parents couldn't understand how I could fuck this up over and over again, and I don't blame them because I don't understand either. Looking back the cause is pretty clear but wasn't known to me at the time. I have pretty severe ADHD, and It makes my life fucking hell. No matter what I know that I have to do, I somehow manage to fuck it up. The school problems I mentioned repeated themselves year, after year, after year, ad nauseam. There wasn't a single year in my school career that I didn't have to scramble at the last minute to unfuck myself, or that my parents had to have another talk with me about how NOW this is enough and I need to turn it around. But I never have, no matter what I set out to do I just revert back to being a fucking failure.

In terms of actual, life ruining fuckups, the first one would have to be me getting arrested the summer before my senior year of high school. I decided at two in the morning that I needed to go out and drive to a parking lot so I could smoke in my car before bed. Well I also forgot to turn my lights off and two bike cops tapped on my window and had me call my stepmom to come pick me up. This really fucked with my family and strained it even more, as my parents are divorced and both in relationships that I can see being destroyed by further fuckups from yours truly. This caused my Dad to decide to move my whole family to a different school district so I could get away from what he perceived as a bad environment at my old school. My brother and sister resent me for this, as I made them move away from all of their friends. I didn't have any friends at my old school, because I can't get anyone to like me for more than an hour, and every group I tried to fit in with rejected me. I spent every single waking hour outside of school playing video games on my computer, and I never saw anyone outside of school. I also didn't hit puberty till about Junior year, so I was constantly bullied growing up because my voice was still very high and I look like a child. Girls were out of the question and to this day I have never actually had a girlfriend. Girls are another problem area in my life that I am completely hopeless in. I use tinder to talk to girls because I can't imagine actually making a move on anyone in real life. I thought my whole life that once I actually have sex then I will really have made it. Now I feel the opposite. I can temporarily charm girls with some wordplay or puns, and as a result I can pretty much have as much sex as I want, as I'm not a bad looking guy now, but I don't even want it anymore. I've hooked up with probably 20+ girls in the last year and I am so sick of it. I can't get anyone to care about me for more than an hour or two at a time.

I started talking to this one girl though that I stupidly thought would be different, as I actually knew her from childhood and learned she always had a crush on me. We were talking for about a month and had hung out a couple times, and I actually thought it was going really well and I definitely started to fall for her, when one day when we were supposed to go on a hike, and when I messaged her around the time we were supposed to meet up and found that she had removed and blocked me on snapchat, so I messaged her on Tinder and asked her what was up, and she told me that she didn't remove me, but when I said that's fine, I'll just add you again. But she never responded and to this day I have never heard from her even though we live less than a mile away. Another girl I met on tinder and talked to for about 3 months, and was "dating" for about 3 weeks at the end, when she stopped showing any enthusiasm when talking to me and didn't want to hang out or really interact with me anymore. Then she told me that she wasn't sure she wanted a boyfriend and that we could still talk, but she didn't want to date anymore. This in spite of the fact that I asked her several times before we started to get more serious if she actually wanted to be with me because I would get too attached and couldn't really take having someone like that not be a stable part of my life.

Sorry to go off on a tangent about my pathetic struggles with getting someone to love me. After my dad moved me to a different school I actually had what will be the high point of my whole life. I fell in with a friend group that persists to this day, and all 14 of us are still extremely close. I really can't express how happy I was to finally have friends and people that cared about me, when I always had been a fucking loser who never did anything with anyone. This high point of my life where I actually was happy came to a crashing halt once high school ended. I was doing summer session at the state school I decided to go to with several of my friends, and like I always have, fucked it up. By halfway through the semester I was guaranteed to fail one of my two classes. I didn't tell my parents till the semester ended and my mom saw my transcript online. I told them it was a one time thing and I would pull it together this semester. Well big fucking woop, I didn't. By 3 weeks into the semester I was failing all my classes and not going to any of them. Just sitting in my room getting high. I wasn't even having a good time. Every day I was having panic attacks about telling my parents that I fucked everything up again and wasted $25000 of their money. So I didn't tell them until it was almost finals week, and I hadn't gone to any classes in months. They were really understanding and weren't even that upset surprisingly. I came back home to think about what I wanted to do next. I decided to enroll in my local community college and take some classes. Well I failed one of them and barely got C's in the other ones, all the while telling my parents I was doing fine,and they were pretty pissed understandably.

So you'd think that I would try and get my shit together but no, I was saving the best for last. Last summer I started getting very depressed and didn't see any future for myself. My friends seemed like they were pulling away and nothing was going well, so I decided to kill myself. I had thought about it pretty much every day for the past year and a half, and finally decided to pull the trigger. One night I had one friend over and got drunk. After he got picked up and left, I got in my car and started driving. I was going down this long stretch of road and started to speed up. I swerved off the road and head on into a tree at 60mph. Well unfortunately that didn't kill me and I just woke up in the hospital with almost no injuries and a DUI. I lost my license, car, and any faith in myself. Now here I am being driven around by my parents and little brother like a fucking loser, going to community college by myself, with no friends around. Recently my parents also said they're not going to pay for me to go to school anywhere not in my hometown, so now I have to go to my local college if I want to go to school, and I am not excited for next school year at all. In fact I hate even thinking about it, as I'm probably going to have to live in the dorms as well, as they don't trust me enough for an apartment. Recently I've been expressing this unhappiness by getting extremely angry over absolutely anything. It happens the worst when I play video games. In the past month, I've broken 6 controllers, 3 iphones, kicked a hole in my closet door, and punched a hole in my ceiling. I hate my life and what it's become. I get so upset over anything. Well tonight was the last straw and I managed to smash yet another iphone that I got. My moms old one nonetheless, and my parents are probably going to lose their minds in the morning when I have to tell them. I almost would rather die than tell them I'm going to need to purchase another phone. I'm thinking hard about suicide now and I need help, because something is wrong with me.

&amp;#x200B;

Sorry for this long post, but I just wanted to get it all out so there's at least a written record of my problems somewhere. Hopefully I don't end up having to kill myself