16 Year Old With Nothing LeftI've been dealing with depression since I was 9, after my parents got divorced. I attempted to hang myself with a belt when I was 10 but I was too scared. I went to therapy throughout the next three years until I was "better". Little did I know, nothing had been solved. I starting going back to therapy when I was 14 until my therapist (who I had been going to since I was 10), died unexpectedly from a heart attack. Then I alternated between several different therapists to deal with depression and my anxiety that arose when I entered high school. I ended up finding a therapist I loved last summer. Last summer I also was almost hospitalized for suicidal thoughts and ideation but I was too afraid to go in. Then my therapist who basically saved me moved away. I found another therapist who I've currently been seeing. He's trying to get to the root of my issues (the divorce, being involved in the collateral damage of the divorce between both of my parents, etc.) It's the most painful thing I've ever done in my entire life. All I feel is pain. I have an amazing girlfriend who I've been with for about a year now who has supported my every step of the way. The problem is, I have intense jealousy and insecurity issues stemming from being cheated on in the past; and overall trust issues stemming from the fact that my dad is an alcoholic who betrayed my family and continues to fuck us over on a weekly basis. 

All I think about is killing myself. I can't think about anything else. I hate school, although I somehow manage to do quite well. Everyone tells me to "hang in there" and that "I have so much potential." But I don't see the point in anything if I can't enjoy myself. I hate myself. I don't love myself, and I don't think I ever have. I can't enjoy life. I don't think I'll ever be able to enjoy life, and I don't see my situation getting better. I've been dealing with the intense suicidal thoughts for over a year now and things have only gotten worse. I cannot find catharsis in exercise, reading, meditation, or journaling. I don't know what to do. 

To be honest, I don't want to kill myself because I'm too scared. I'm scared that whatever method I chose would fail me and would leave me paralyzed, crippled, or bereft of brain or bodily functions. If there was a pill that would end my life without any repercussions or side effects, I would take it. I don't feel guilty for leaving anyone because I'm in so much pain. I can't even get up in the morning to go to school anymore because being at school physically hurts. 

I know that everyone is going to ramble on about how I have years ahead of me and that "it will get better." But I'm tired of hearing the same old banal bullshit. I have a disease. I am sick. I am ill. I cannot be cured. There's no point in my existence at this point. If the rest of my life is going to look like the present I'm better off dead. And I can't risk that happening. I'm at my wit's end. I'm lost. 

**EDIT:** I don't expect anyone to actually read this but I guess I feel a little good that I let it out. 