How to help a friend who doesn't really want help?Hello, this is my first post here (or ever on reddit) so hopefully I am doing this right.

I've been trying to be there for my friend while he is dealing with a major depression, which has lasted about a year now (although I suspect he's been depressed on and off before this one.) He's been hospitalized before, and he has a psychiatrist he see's about once a month. His parents don't really understand the severity of his situation, even after his hospitalization, and have told me to just encourage him to be positive, and smile more. He has a few friends, but he's been pushing a lot of them away/isolating himself more and more.

The issue is he is not getting better, but rather much worse. He attempted suicide about a week ago and was brought to the hospital, but he wouldn't disclose to the doctors or his parents what the reasons were for why he was so sick (they must have just assumed it was an accidental alcohol poisoning...). I've been trying to talk to him, and I have been nearly everyday for the past 6 months. He doesn't want help. He doesn't think things will ever be better, and he says he doesn't understand why people won't allow him to rest in peace. I know that is a symptom of his depression, but I really don't know how to get through to him. He is also an incredibly stubborn and intelligent person, so he will argue and fight me when I try to encourage him to hang on, and when I give him reasons for why he should. He is on medication but it doesn't seem to be working well. He told me it just makes him feel an empty happiness and that it means nothing, and things are still bad.

I just don't know what to do. I want him to talk to his therapist about his most recent attempt, but he doesn't want to do that. I don't know if I should try and get him to the hospital again, because last time that wasn't too effective... I'm just at a loss of what to do. Any advice would be sincerely appreciated. Thank you in advance.