There are so many who deserve this life more than meI have loving parents and friends, pets, a job, money, drugs, people who let me fuck them, people who I can make laugh, chances for education and greatness, accomodation etc. despite this I want nothing more than to slowly fade away. The only times I actually want to make use of all these opportunities are when I’m nodding off on oxy or otherwise intoxicated. I’ve tried sobriety that helped but I was bored and came to the same conclusion just a lot calmer and less eager to die. I tried acid I just turned fucking insane for 6 hours and did told my best friend at the time things that ruined our relationship and sent me into a deeper depression. 

Every day I wake up and struggle to get out of bed, only manage too when I coax myself with a shower that will last for about 20 minutes mostly just me sitting down feeling sorry for myself. In my head just wondering why I even had to wake up again.

At school I experience the closest thing to happiness I ever do which is talkin shit with my mates distracting myself from my thoughts or mocking them, I feel free for just a while, life is worth living, so worth it in fact I don’t do anything I should be at school cause if I spent my time working I’d probably be dead. Having not achieved any of my responsibilities or goals I go home my friends let me know they are worried about me and that I should seriously stop doing drugs because they care about me. I nod in agreement sorta laughing and promise this time I will not.

Little do they know I haven’t been sober for more than three days in a row all year. I don’t have the heart to let them know but exactly like my mum no matter how hard they try they can’t fix me and I still hate myself and the life I live. It is incredibly painful being so close to being confident and happy that people who are not extremely close to you believe you to be exactly that. No one knows the extent of my sadness, my emptiness, that not a minute a day passes without me considering suicide, that the only reason I’m still here is because I’m scared of injuring myself in a suicide attempt. People tell me I’m loved that life is worth living that I could achieve things or do things, I’m sure I could but you know what we all die in the end who gives a fucking shit I can leave whenever I want they’ll get over it no doubt and make better friends who they deserve, I’m a shit friend and a shit son.

These complaints are petty compared to what I’ve seen here, or what I’ve heard in real life. I’m just a dumb moody teenager to anyone who I share this with which is why I choose to express it here anonymously. 

I think I want to overdose tonight but I’ll probably just end up lying face down on the couch until I fall asleep some time in the next 6 hours wishing I don’t wake up the next day thru some magic 