My friend [30M] is severely depressed and set on killing himself by the end of the month.First of all, sorry for the x-post. I realized /r/suicidewatch is a more appropriate subreddit to post this on. 

I've met this friend 5 years ago on forum aimed at people with depression. We were pretty close during the first couple of years, but we gradually drift apart after I started Uni. Not only that but he also got absorbed into some relationships and would barely remember to call me. Nowadays, we don't speak to each other nearly as frequently as we used to in the first years. However, we still call each other once in a while and talk like nothing has happened.

I'm the only friend he has at this moment since he's distanced himself from everyone else. I'm like family to him, I think. Also worth mentioning that he's from a different state than mine.

My friend has had problems with girls since I met him. Really bad problems. He'd been obsessed with one for 10 years, but managed to recover with medication and such. He's had other relationships with girls he claims he never truly liked. When he does like someone, it usually involves a lot of drama.

One year ago, he met someone [21F] who was part of the same community where I had met him. She has trust issues and borderline personality disorder. It wasn't long until they started to like each other, exchange pictures, make plans for their future and whatnot. However, she'd had a few bad experiences with a stalker boyfriend in the past and the trauma wouldn't allow her to give personal information away such as phone number, address, full name, etc (yet she planned to move in with him at some point...). Their contact was limited to fake VK profiles and alternative email accounts. She didn't like talking on the phone either as she wasn't able to call for a pizza. On the other hand, she was doing well in college and had a really nice family backing her up.

My friend has been depressed for most of his life. It seems that having someone with him helps him cope and gives him things to look forward to. Unfortunately it's the only thing that makes him want to keep on living. The same thing he thinks will save him is also what damages him the most. I think it may be a distraction, it's almost as though he's trying to escape from his problems. He's been trapped in this cycle for years and has done very little to change the things that he doesn't like about his life.

Their online and exclusively text-based relationship lasted for 6 months, I think. He was starting to get impatient with all that, thinking maybe she didn't really like him as she claimed. He then decided to break up with her. She was very understanding. She said that with all her problems, it'd definitely be for the best. My friend even tried another relationship with someone from the same community at the time (didn't work as he kept comparing the two of them).

Although this girl that he liked seemed to be OK with it, she was actually suffering a lot and he hadn't picked up on that in time. One day, without a warning, she deleted herself and he's never heard of her again since.

For the last 6 months, he's been feeling very guilty and severely depressed. Keeps saying he messed up his only chance at a relationship. That he regrets not being more patient or understanding and that if he had waited longer, she might have given him consistent ways to contact her. He is thinking of killing himself over that. Wel, not only that but also because he claims he's never going to find someone like her and who also likes him back. He's even contracted a detective from her state to look for her so he could talk to her again.

More importantly, he's going to kill himself if the detective can't find her until the end of this month. He still has the gun he's bought 6 to 7 years ago. He claims that he can't even work because he keeps thinking about it. I've been trying to speak to him and for the last two months and all he wants to talk about is this. He keeps sending me screenshots of their conversations expecting me to explain why she did this. He couldn't work for his family anymore since he was so depressed he had to leave to cry in the bathroom. In all the 5 years I've known him, I've never seen him feeling this bad before.

I tried to talk to him about this many times. I've already exhausted all my arguments. I tried to counter his words objectively, but instead of hearing me he chooses to find small faults in my arguments. For instance, I told him "look, you've been repeating this pattern for years now", to which he replied "...but I've only known her for a year". He's put her on a pedestal and thinks there will never be anyone like her (pretty, young, likes the same things, etc). I told him that no one is irreplaceable unless he decides so, but that and many other common sense knowledge things fell on deaf years.

What else could I possibly say? I told him to go back on therapy and maybe try out a new psychiatrist, but he says he's not going to do that as the only thing that would help him will never happen again (that is, finding someone like her). I think he's been having delusions as he once asked me if I knew of a way to erase someone's memory. I'm really worried for him and nothing that I say seems to have any effect. I have depression myself so I'm not the most positive person to say "hey, there's much to live for yet". I thought I'd try to contact his mother and tell her he needs to get hospitalized, but I'm afraid he's going to hate me for that.

Plus, this is a very difficult decision for me as someone who also struggles with depression, I keep thinking "who am I to deny him that?". I'm going to miss him, surely. I don't want him to kill himself, of course. But I keep thinking if that wouldn't be selfish on my part if he's really suffering that much. Damn, I am clueless. :(

Thank you very much for reading.

