I fucking give up.There's no point. I'm never going to belong anywhere. No one is ever going to treat me as the person I am. I'm never going to be able to get top surgery. Nobody is ever going to love me. Nobody is ever going to want to be my best friend. Nobody is ever going to stick around. 

My family doesn't like me. My mom made a fucking casserole for my sister's boyfriend just because he asked and I cried. She's never going to be that way with anyone I might bring home. Not like I ever will bring anyone home. Nobody wants to hear about my day. Nobody cares. There's no point in trying to be involved because nobody wants me. I get yelled at every time I stand up for myself. I'm going to be forced to be someone I'm not for the rest of my life. I'm always going to have to be someone's sister, daughter, niece, aunt, wife. Nobody is ever going to believe me. They'll never let me be.

People are just going to keep laughing at me every time I dare to correct them. I'm never going to get to have a best friend. I'm always going to be too loud, too queer, too weird. Nobody is ever there for me. I'm so tired of lying awake and begging for someone, anyone to talk to me. Nobody  will ever fall in love with me. Nobody at the bar apart from Aaron can stand me. They don't want me there. Nobody wants me anywhere. Nobody is ever going to include me. How can you be my friend if you're never fucking there for me? Why the fuck does this keep happening? I'm trying so hard. I just want friends. Everyone else gets to have friends. 

I disgust myself. My chest feels like a weight sucking me down into misery. I'm never going to be able to look how I want. I'm never going to get my name changed. I'm jealous of everyone who does. So many of the people I see have support. Partners, parents, friends. My dad can't even tell my siblings to stop being assholes. I can't even take a piss in public without my brother throwing a fit. And nobody cares. It's like my well being doesn't matter at all. My insurance doesn't care that I constantly wonder if death might be better. They don't care that I lie here unable to function  with my dysphoria leaving me a useless lump. My therapist isn't going to understand. I'm just expected to stop defending myself because my poor family can't take it. 

Because that's all that really matters. That my family is happy and never has to adjust their way of looking at things. Just call me a girl forever and scream at me every time I correct them because that's how the majority is happiest. 

Defending me the way a decent person would is just too much work. Being my friend is too much work. Loving me would be too much work. Treating me like a human is too much work. I give up. 

