Broken recordI already know what people are going to say. "It gets better" "make a bucket list" "people will miss you" "you have your whole life ahead of you" "it's selfish" blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. It's a bunch of horse shit. 
Things for me just keep going down.... down down.... right when things get better they get significantly worse. I didn't ask to exist, I didn't ask to be alive. For some reason I'm here, and I'm beginning to think my only reason to live is to die. Which sounds crazy, but are some people meant to exist purely to have bad things happen to them? Does this somehow balance out the universe? I don't know. 
I want to just say a few things to some people. 
To my ex friends: thanks for nothing. Your selfish, always have been. Part of me misses hanging out with you. But I can't stand the thought because you are all ugly people.
To my family: thanks for the lack of support. The lack of affection. The lack of caring. Thank you for making me the person to blame for everything and anything. Thank you for being so egotistical and self centered that I broke my back everyday just trying to please you, only to realize I can't. Because no matter what I do, it's just not good enough.
To my two best friends: you know the most about me yet you know nothing about me at all. For some reason you all seem like strangers to me
To my dad: thank you for being a good for nothing drug addict. Thank you for abandoning me as a kid. Thank you for acting as if you can stroll on by like everything is fine. And thank you for continuing to be absent from my life.
To my mom: thank you for guilt, thank you for the screaming, thank you for all the blame I've taken. Thank you for the insecurities, thank you for the self doubt, thank you for the beatings when I was a kid, thank you for telling me how disappointing I am, thank you for the mental wounds you created, and thank you for shoving me in a box, because I have no idea who I am. Thank you for teaching me how to put on a fucking mask for everyone.

Last person I would like to address is everyone.
Thank you everyone for watching me slip through the cracks. thank you for ignoring all my cries for help. Thank you for ignoring me when I actually used my voice and asked for help. Thank you for kicking me when I was already down..... and not just kicking me, but beating me down in the process. Thank you for assisting me in having no idea how to socialize due to all the trauma.....

Thank you all for fucking nothing. 
Thank you for making me into a statistic..... because after all, I'm just a number in a sea of other numbers