Girlfriend of 3 years has more or less broken up with me and I have no other friends or other people I really care about.Hi all. I'm sure this is a pretty common post. But my girlfriend of 3 years just decided that we need a break for an undetermined amount of time and she can't even tell me of she's going to be seeing/ sleeping with anyone during that time. We've been through an insane amount together given how young we are; i helped her get through her self harm/ depression, i was willing to commit to a long-distance relationship when she moved away and stayed faithful even when she couldn't, i put up with that (call it strength or cowardice ive heard it both ways) and Hell when i found out she was being raped in her home my family gave her a place to stay. I feel like I must be truly broken to be able to do so much for someone and have them still not be happy with me. She says that she needs time to figure herself out and that she wants to do it on her own but I've always offered time and space if she needs it. She admits that she's being selfish and says that she just doesn't want to beb
 responsible for a relationship right now (go figure... Stick around until you're no longer depressed and decide it's too much to handle when I am). We still have been kind of talking as friends but she just seems to get mad or irritated when i ask about what's going on with us, always just saying "i dont know ok?".

I've given everything i have to this relationship and i don't think i really have much left to offer the world. I grew so accustomed to us living together and doing everything as a team that i don't even know what single life is like anymore. The worst part is that while i sit at home staring out the window to see if she comes back she's probably out partying with her friends enjoying her new carefree life. 

Anyways I'll cut to the chase. I want to give this break a chance. But if it doesn't work out i don't really think i want to be around anymore. My family is mostly disappointed in me because I'm not taking as many classes as i should (1st year at a community college) or because I'm a socially awkward computer nerd with no friends. Obviously they'd be upset and miss me but i don't really think anyone in my family is cherishing my existence. The only friends i have are her and my other best friend from high school whom I've been treating like shit (never asking to hang out etc). He'd be devastated I'm sure because I'm one of his only friends too but he's more sociable than i am and would move one well enough. Probably pretty well since i haven't really been around all that much. I know that she would be devastated as well and would probably blame herself but she gets free therapy from the state and she has all of her friends to support her. She's also not unattractive at all and I'm sure she'd find someone to replace me within a few months anyways. 

I'm going to give it time but i think that if things don't work out I'm going to find some cheesy poetic way to off myself either on my birthday or our anniversary, both in December. The only thing that would be effected for others would be Christmas, none of my friends or family have birthdays after those dates so I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard for everyone. 

I don't want to die. That's why i posted here. But i don't want to live in this shit world alone either. It took me so long to be this comfortable with someone and to truly fall in love and due to both lack of ability and lack of desire i know it's never going to happen again. If i can't have her i can't have anyone, and if i can't have anyone i really don't want myself.