Off my chest?I'm 35 and I've never told anyone that I attempted suicide once. I've never been happy in life. I've always known I was "different". My earliest memories were wishing I had been born a girl. I remember this from when I was 3 years old. Every night before bed I would wish I would wake up the next morning as a girl, and every morning I would wake up disappointed. I didn't have the vocabulary to explain transgender or gender dysphoria then, and I didn't for most of my life, but even if I did then, I wouldn't have brought it up. My parents were going through a divorce and I didn't want to add to the problems.

When I was seven we moved far away from everything I knew and I was always bad at making friends. I always wanted to be one of the girls but I had to be one of the boys. The next summer when I was eight I took a rope out into the woods behind my house, tied it to a tree, stood on a log, tied the rope around my neck, and kicked the log out from underneath myself. When my breath started to run out I got scared and panicked. I was very active in sports at the time and in great shape (for an eight year old). I was able to pull myself up and get the rope off of my neck. I took the rope down, took it home and put it away and never told anyone about it. 

It never got better. It only got worse. I've wanted to kill myself ever since, but every time I consider it I remember the fear I experienced when I was eight. After that day I stopped trying in life. I just auto piloted through life. I stopped participating in sports a few years later, and started putting on weight. By the time I was ten, I was pretty big for my age. Then we moved again.

Wash and repeat, and I just kept gaining weight. I'm not one of those 500 lbs people who can't walk, but I'm nearly 300 lbs. My health is pretty fucked from a lifetime of obesity. I eat nothing but fast food, I have diabetes, and I'm sure if I don't overcome my fear of suicide before too long, I'll probably just die of heart disease, or a stroke or something.

I live in a rural area, and none of the doctors have any knowledge of transgender treatment, so even if I was healthy enough to transition, I couldn't because the doctors here are clueless. Even if the doctors knew anything about it I couldn't because I can't afford it. I live under a mountain of debt that doesn't get any smaller. At one point I took a job that guaranteed me 40 hours a week and I was given 15. My options were either eat, have a place to live, or use my credit card and have both. I should have just given up the food, but instead I chose a shit load of debt. Every time I've started to get under my debt something comes up, like my car being fucked, and I'm buried again. It's to a point now where I know I'll never be out of debt. 

My soul crushing depression and anxiety prevent me from doing anything about any of my problems. I just go to work, pay my bills, and lock myself in my room all day. 

I'm "safe" for the time being. I can't bring myself to kill myself until after my dad and my aunt die. They're the only people in my life I care about. With my health I'm sure my aunt will outlive me anyway.