I feel like ive had enough of living with my childhood traumaShe abandoned me when I was 11 for over a week. She gave me to dad because she honestly hated me, and had already crossed a big line no parent should cross. This going were going into a rage she embarrassed me, grabbing me by the roots of my hair and dragging me my bedroom. She hit me across the face, then picking me up and screamed wordlessly

I was raped at 13 by a friend. It was very confusing because I knew nothing about what I was doing. I consented to lying down and pulling my jeans off, and hand stimulation. I did not consent, and had previously said no several times, asked for anal or vaginal sex, and it was my minorly my fault for being naïve. When I told my mum she screeched at me before i could get a word in edgeways. Despite the fact of it only lasted a few seconds I managed to say get off me. He did it so brutally and quickly I was wiping away blood and for 2 days it hurt. Despite trying, listening to the whole story. She is furious and phones up frustration threatening to tell her i was a slut. She couldn't get through so she basically went hysterical and screaming for a moment.

Since my dad was murdered, stabbed with a kitchen knife. when I was 12 I spent every single weekend with my uncle and grandmother. Friday afternoon until 5am monday. I loved being with him and hated my mum so much I would travel 3 busses every monday

When I was 19 I started suffering with weird thoughts and could barely for them. I believed 100 percent she wanted me to kill myself. So I took a massive overdose and went unconscious. My mother apparently was shaking and hitting me and I was completely unresponsive. She didn't call 999, she didnt she open 111. When I woke up I was hallucinating and recognised the house but had no idea who I was. At 3am. By 6am I knew who I am

After my 15th birthday my mum and I argued and I blew up, throwing things, screaming how much I fucking hated her, and put a hole through my bedroom door. She insulted me and threatened to call the police. I was forced to give her my key and made to leave

I will always remember sobbing in terror in this little woodland area nearby. I truly saw no way out. Luckily my uncle told me to get the bus and get to him.

Repeatedly my uncle has shown me kindness, compassion, understanding, intelligence etc. He'd calm me during moments of pure self destruction, he took care of me physically as best as he could. I was a meek, terrified girl severely traumatised and constantly afraid

I recently decided I want to be adopted. I do believe it will offend my dads mum. but I have legit reasons I hope I can explain to her. I do not want my mother to have any control over me. No medical proxy sorta thing, no funeral where she lies and cries, no access to belongings.

The main reason I want this is because I was in that situation above where I could of died, and my mother knew what had happened and left me there. No 999 or 111

I don't hate my mother, we are sorta close and we talk on the phone a few times a week. She is so unstable and paranoid due to weed I cannot even stay a night.

I will look after uncle in his old age because I adore him. My mother has my older sister, my uncle has only me.

My uncle is considering it.

All the young trauma make things worse.

This led me to be diagnosed at 17 with borderline personality disorder. They are referring me to processs whether I have bipolar like mum, or complex ptsd (CPTSD). There were numerous events that I believe contributed to my mental state, but everything that happened she would often use as a way to hurt me. She would smile when I'd sob. She believed and admitted seeing my genuine anguish made her feel better.