I want outI'm done hoping for things to get better. And I can't continue like this. I'm too exhausted. Not the kind that gets better with sleep (not that I get much of that). I really don't have it in me to continue. I just want it all to end.

The primary reason I want out: my anxiety is unbearable. The reasons are not a mystery. The abuse by my mom and her boyfriends probably underlies a lot of it. But the memory of so many of my close friends and family members attempting suicide and getting in accidents is what haunts me more noticeably now. And they haven't stopped, I'm constantly waiting for the next one.  There's always a next one. The night are the worst by a lot. Once the sun goes down I feel so unsafe, particularly at home, so I can't be there if I'm alone. I'm stuck walking around the city or staying in my office all night, it's still horrible but it's less bad than home. I'm so afraid it feels like I'm being electrocuted. I can't do this night after night. It's been years now and it's getting worse and worse. I'm getting more and more anxious each night. It feels like it could kill me, I wish it would.

I'm kicking myself for not taking an out when I had it. I have an eating disorder, it got bad and I was starting to die anyways. My best friend convinced me to go to treatment. I wish I hadn't, I wish I'd just let it take me. Treatment got me medically stable but it didn't fix anything psychologically. The eating disorder it still there.  I almost died from heart failure one night. I let them fix it while I was semi conscious. I immediately regretted it in the morning. I wish I'd never gone to treatment, I wish I was still dying from the anorexia so I wouldn't even have to consider doing it myself.

I have lost any faith that I'm going to get better because I feel like I have actually tried everything. I desperately need medication, unfortunately thanks to a rare brain condition, all psychiatric medication (all classes of anti-depressant and anti-anxiety medication) makes me hallucinate. I have tried CBT, DBT, interpersonal therapy, emotion focused therapy, deep breathing, mindfulness, meditation, group therapy with no effect. I've tried art therapy, which although it's a pleasant activity, it doesn't really reduce my anxiety, especially if I'm alone at night. Anything pleasurable: reading, watching movies, going on the internet, listening to music... I can't do it at night when I'm anxious, I can't keep my mind or body still long enough to do it. Exercise helps a little while I'm doing it. I am trying to balance the want for that relief with not being on the elliptical literally all night.  I've tried everything recommended by roughly a dozen mental health professionals, and the first 50 pages of google. Nothing helps enough to give me a quality of life I can actually live with.

The anxiety is killing my relationships (the few I have). At this point people are getting annoyed with me for my anxiety disorder. They're tired of me freaking out, they're tired of feeling guilty because they can't make it stop, they're annoyed I can't be left alone at night without losing my mind. Most of my friends are gone.... either because they can't handle the anxiety, because I haven't hung out with them because I hate hanging out in bars because they make me anxious, or more frequently, because they have careers, families and lives, and in the scheme of things I'm not really that important anymore. Which is good, they won't miss me that much.

I truly believe people will be better off without me. I hope they will come to realize this. They'll have so much freedom without having to consider me. Their lives will be easier. I'm terrified they won't see it that way. There's a few people who care a lot. And I feel excruciatingly guilty about leaving them and what it will do to them. I don't want to leave them. I love them. But love is not enough to get me through terrifying night after terrifying night. I just don't have it in me to face that. I know I can't stay.

So the reason I'm here is really don't to logistics. I don't have a method I'm comfortable with. I'm too concerned about the implications for me if it doesn't work. I'm not okay with my life right now, but I know it's not the worst it can ever get. I don't want to be in the psych ward (since they can't do anything like medicate me, I'd just be anxious in the psych ward, it wouldn't provide any help). So I'm still here because I'm too scared to fail. 

I wish I could find another way but I don't think there is one. I've tried every treatment I can find. They've all failed. I'm getting worse not better. And I really can't take it anymore. This really seems like the only way out. It has for months. I just want it to be over, I don't want to feel the anxiety anymore, and the only thing that seems like it will make it go away is to make me go away. I can't take feeling like this anymore. I can't do this day after day, night after night. I can't face this monster anymore. I just want out. 
