"Hey man, how's life." A text from my friend on the 5th I never got around to replying to. Found out today he killed himself in his dorm room.I met him while working at a local grocery store.  He was one of my favorites to work with because he was a hard reliable worker and we always managed to get on wild tangents of conversation that made the day much more enjoyable. He was just finishing up his senior year in high school where he was one of several valedictorians and worked until later in the summer when he left to study chemistry.

One of his last days at work he came over to my house and I dumped something around 10 gigs of music on his computer for him to help with all the kicking ass he was about to embark on at college.  He seemed so thrilled to be starting this new chapter of his life, and I was happy for him.  He was so logical and mature for his age but still so young and naive.  He would often ask about my college exploits, the parties, the girls.  I didn't embellish the details and was rather blunt about my over the top approach to life and my struggle with alcohol.  I tried my best to be a mentor of sorts and pass on some of my hindsight and experience.

I have no idea what lead him to take his own life or what clues he may have been leaving in how he lived his last days, weeks, or months.  We only caught up randomly once in a while and the news from him always seemed to be of wild enthusiasm and enjoyment, perhaps a clue in itself.  He did have a lot of built up sense of incomplete social goals having been so dedicated to school. 

I worried he might be going a little hard on the partying, but I and so many others of us did the same thing in college. 

It hurts wondering if he was reaching out to me with that last text message... I know he was in some way.

Any of you out there struggling please realize that no matter your misery, embarrassment, loneliness, or anything that compels you to think in terms of suicide, people care about you and are willing to help you as much as they can.

**TL;DR** Please keep yourself alive reddit.  People are around that can and WANT to help you. Your life matters and things get better.

Hug a friend for me and tell them how much they mean to you.