I can't live like a stalker.http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=stalker

This page is pushing me over the edge. I have a restraining order from a girl who I was seeing a year ago and even though I seem to have enough sanity not to talk to her, leave the college she's in, remove the phone #s and IM contacts of her I feel fucking horrible.

It's this picture of myself scaring the shit out of her as a creepy, weird, drug-addled, insane asshole that's haunting me and flashing before my eyes. And it doesn't really get better with time. I'm a fucking asshole and the more I realize it, the more I want to rid the world of my existence.

It just can't be worse than this, can it? Regardless of whether there is afterlife or not, I doubt  want to exist like this. I don't know if I'm chemically depressed right now or it's just normal works of the conscience and the world trying to get rid of the faulty behavior in our society. I don't even know if I can change anything. In one of our last conversations, the girl told me I'd be better off dead so I started contemplating suicide quite seriously ever since. A heroin overdose and perhaps some benzos seem to be the most gentle and painless way. I've been studying this page for a while http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lethal_injection#Euthanasia_protocol

There is no immediate threat, I learned to calm myself out with a cigarette or, in extreme cases, a lighter burn (it works wonders, btw) and I don't want to get on harder drugs like smack or alcohol since I know it'll just fuck me up further and fairly soon make me come down to a reality where I am a worthless, creepy loser. I don't know why I'm even posting this, but my psychiatrist told me not to isolate and I can't really say all this to any of the people I know in real life. One one of the causes for a restraining order was a suicide threat and I'm kind of afraid of talking about suicide to anyone I know  personally ever since.

EDIT: I binge-smoked pot this weekend, can it be a withdrawal?

EDIT: Thanks for the comments, people, they did help.