My parents seem to understand and support my niece (13) but not me (17)So I'm suicidal, I have been for years. 


My family never talk about emotional problems. Ever. If you ever try to, my mum especially will guilt trip you and make it seem she's the victim and won't want to listen to my side. I actually thought this was normal until recently. 




But I'm having a problem in my family at the moment. My niece (13) was self harming and had to go to hospital, and she has an eating disorder and been refusing to eat. 


At the same time, I was very suicidal, but it's something only I really knew. My mum knew something was up with me, but blamed it all on me and told me how I'm making it worse etc. She knows a psychologist, and asked about my behaviours (sleeping, constantly sad, not 



I ended up calling a suicide line, and saw a doctor, and then the mental health crisis team came to my house to make sure I'm not planning on killing myself. My parents now know that I'm suicidal , but  they do not approve of it at all.





They are finding every excuse to try and put the blame on me,  say it's my fault for making myself like this. They constantly ask me why I'm suicidal, and they just assumed  that I'm suicidal because I'm worried about my niece. Obviously I am worried , but it isn't why I'm suicidal. But I tell them that's not the reason why I'm suicidal, but they just say I'm making excuses up. 



As my mum is in her late 50s and my dad is 60, their hearing isn't good and that speak loudly, not knowing when I'm in my room I can hear every word they say. I heard them talk Bout say how it's strange that I'm suicidal



What also annoys me, is in both situations, this is how it went


*(my niece is self harming) 
" I'm so worried about her, I'm always there for her and I'll do anything you want"




*(I'm suicidal) 
"he's probably making it up, everyone is worried about [my niece] and he isn't getting as much attention as he wants" 


And 


I asked them if they noticed I haven't been eating a lot. They said "it's only happened after [my niece] gets diagnosed with an eating disorder". I haven't been eating enough over a year before she gets diagnosed, but they won't have it. 





If I'm doing it for attention, I wouldn't get help in secret and not want anyone in my family to know. Or if I wanted attention I'd go around telling everyone and posting about it on Facebook all day (which my niece does).





I've been very depressed for a long time (around 2012). I've just haven't seen a point in living for a long time. But my parents deny that I have been, and told the nurse that it's only been a recent thing, only after my niece gets hospitalised back in February 2017. Which is bullshit. 





I regret getting help. All it's done is made me worse. It's made me look bad, I keep getting evil looks from my brother (I think my parents have made stuff up and told them) and my entire family think I'm an attention seeker. 


I thought this would of happened, and it did. It's made it even harder to kill myself as I'm being watched all the time. Why did I have to see my GP? I regret that day so much. If I could go back I'd never see her. Fuck. 