WHAT DO I DO? If I stop being friends with this person, they'll probably commit suicide!So I know a guy who has been spiraling into a seriously deep pit of mental illness.

When I first met him we both had a lot of stuff in common-- we were both very into technology, we both had very similar interests and viewpoints on life, etc. And best of all, (and worst) we both identified with each other very well in that we both struggled with depression and anxiety. We used to find comfort in discussing each other's experiences with life.

It soon became apparent though that he was the type that didn't want to work for anything. He always wanted the quick solution. He would always talk about short-term solutions like opiates, benzos, and a plethora of other drugs.

Meanwhile, I focused on things I felt would work better in the long term. I would talk about things such as cognitive behavioural therapy, the possibility of seeing a psychiatrist, going to a therapist, seeing a counselor, researching possible future cures, etc. But he didn't want to hear any of that. He would always say that he didn't think any of that would ever help him, and that "his parents wouldn't think it was a good idea" and any other excuse he could come up with. He was certain he was just too far gone for anything to ever help him. When in reality he has never tried anything.

I understand that depression and anxiety SUCKS because I felt it myself for 4 years. But... He didn't even want to try to fix anything.

Meanwhile, my entire life turned a complete 180. My depression is cured, my anxiety is almost entirely gone, and things are looking brighter than ever.

He contacted me the other night, after almost 2 months of very little contact. I just kind of grew apart from him as he didn't seem to want to do anything to fix himself. I understand he's going through pain, I just... Can't bring myself down watching him. I hope this doesn't make me seem selfish.

That leads us to now. He has been using IV heroin now. He literally just picked it up randomly. He didn't start with any other opiates. He just went straight to IV heroin.

*Sigh*. He literally doesn't seem to care where his life is headed now. He has track marks all over his arms, told me he tried meth last week, and basically let his parents find the weed he so recently started using just because. He said he wanted them to find it. It almost seems as though he thrives on conflict. His grades in college are plummeting as well: his average grade is now a C- whereas a while back he was doing well with A's.

Additionally, he has been consuming a somewhat concerning amount of benzos. Forgot to mention that. He told me that he mixes it with Phenibut, and together they make it so that he could "literally stab his entire family and everyone he knows" (direct quote) and he would literally not care. He said he took 8 lorazepam tabs the other day in class and was just staring at his phone for no reason and the teacher got onto him. He barely remembers anything anymore.

He told me he almost sent a message to all of his contacts that he was going to jump off the tallest building at the university he attends.

This has all happened in just 2 months.

He said that he has no friends and that all of his past friends have grown apart from him and "ditched him". He has become very egotistical lately and reckless, so I can definitely understand why a lot of them don't want to be friends with him anymore. He doesn't care if he just straight up confronts people on something he didn't like that they did anymore.

He said that if he doesn't have any friends he will just kill himself.

He said that the last time someone shot him up, he told them to put in an amount that would make him overdose. They declined, of course. But he said he would have been fine if they had.

I feel like he's going to keep going down until he hits rock bottom. Or worse.

I just... I don't know what to do. He doesn't want to fix anything. I'm worried these benzos are taking away his fear of death so much that he'll actually end up doing it.

I'm so torn. I'll probably feel like it's my fault if he kills himself, but at the same time I can't spend every other day with him as he always wants me to. Uggh, I feel like such a terrible person. I feel like part of him is crying out for help, but I don't know how to communicate to that part.

:(