Goodbye, againI'm here again to write a post that supposedly is my last. I'm tired of doing this so many times. But actually, everytime feels like the last time, and I wish it was. I hope one day I'll say that it's the last time and it actually will be. I hope today is this day.

I feel guilty about leaving the people that I care about, that I remember, that I live with. My friends, my family. I wish they didn't suffer, they didn't have to feel bad. I wish I was just erased from their memories.

I don't want to hurt anyone. I don't care about me, but I want everyone else to be okay, to be fine

And I'm sorry. I'm sorry for leaving that people that I'll hurt. I'm so, so sorry. But I can't do it anymore.

I love the people that I met here. Even if we just talked for one time, I'm really thankful and I'm happy we did. You really helped me, and I hope I could help you too, somehow.

I feel guilty and sad now, but I hope that when I go to bed, I just feel numb, because it would make everything easier.

Sometimes I have a quick feeling that I souldn't do it, that I should tell someone, that I should stay here to listen to my favorite's band new album, to watch a class with that funny teacher, to eat noodles again. I feel that I should stay here for the little and the big things. But it vanishes quickly as it comes. I don't want to do any of these things. I don't want to be here to do it. And it won't make any difference, because I won't feel anything anymore.

I just want everything to stop. But I'm scared.

I'm pretty sure there's no way back from this method that I'm using, but if it happens for some reason, I don't think I will ever recover, and I'll just hurt everyone more and I'll be a bigger burden for them.

I'm scared from the pain, I'm scared that my parents won't find my notes, I'm scared they will blame themselves.

I'm scared and sad. But more than anything, I'm tired. I want it to end forever.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm sorry if you read this untill here. And I'm glad too. You made me feel a little bit more real, for sure. 

And I want to remember you that you can get better. You can feel better, I promise. Don't do it like me. I'm tired, but you still can try. Don't give up &lt;3

Thank you for being here &lt;3