I’m angry at my parents for forcing me to liveI know they love me a lot, but it feels selfish. I’m probably the selfish one. They know I’m suicidal because I tried to attempt earlier this year, but that wasn’t that serious. They are being supportive, I’m under mental health services and they’re nice but I just want nothing to do with it. I’m on medication which my mum administers every morning and evening. It’s meant to be a mood stabiliser but it does nothing for me. I don’t want to hurt anyone but I just don’t feel compatible with life even though I know I have everything to live for. I sound like a brat, but I genuinely feel resentful towards them. It makes me not want to talk to them, because I don’t want to say anything hurtful. I’m tired of them guilt tripping me any time I try to bring up that I want to die, probably because it just makes them feel bad and helpless. Their response it generally people have it worse than you, it would break them, it’s sinful, etc. I get it, they brought me into the world, they have so many hopes and dreams for my happy, successful life, but I just want an out. You could argue that we can’t just tap out because we want to. I get that life is beautiful and the future is full of potential, etc. It just all feels like bs, and I feel so detached from ‘reality’. 
I almost attempted last week with a meticulous plan, sorted out my finances, picked an outfit, wrote my notes, bought presents. Then I spoke to a good friend (without telling them I felt suicidal) while saying my mental goodbyes to my friends and felt a renewed purpose to stay alive. It lasted two days. I keep planning things to live for, so I have to follow through and not disappoint the people involved. I don’t want to ruin the holidays or upcoming birthdays by making it sad with my absence, it would be cool to finish my uni project, just to prove I can. There’s a good window in April realistically, but then my plan may not work (it has to be in winter if you get my drift).