I need to vent. I'm at breaking point.I'm 20 years old. I've had severe depression and anxiety since I was 14. I've had a pretty bad upbringing. I'm one of 5 kids. My parents are very unhappily married, they hate each other and only speak to argue. My Dad's had cancer. My mum is depressed and (I'm pretty sure) suicidal. One of my brothers is addicted to drugs and has both physically and sexually assaulted me (no one knows about that part). My brother has a daughter that I basically bought up when I was 15 when she was a newborn because neither my brother or the mother could be bothered taking care of her. However, when I finally got the guts to tell my brother to get lost, he took my niece with him. He was arrested a few weeks ago and doesn't look to be coming out anytime soon. My niece is getting put into foster care.
I just dropped out of University because I wasn't happy with my degree, and I've racked up a $1000 credit card bill because my parents can't pay for anything for me because we're broke. (My car just pooped itself which cost $600 alone to fix). 
Other stuff has happened too, unfortunately that is only some of the crap I'd love to vent about. But something happened just tonight that I'm really upset about, that I believe has been the thing to make me snap.
I've been with my boyfriend for 3 years. About a year ago, he met a girl at his trade school that he constantly swore he didn't have any feelings for. I went to a trade school party with him earlier this year, and everyone did nothing but bitch about her.. She has a STRONG reputation of being a slut. Regardless of this, my boyfriend kept talking to her because "no one else would." I kept getting on his case about her and he got angry at me and told me to get over it.
I knew in my heart something was going on. So, yep, I'm a sad bitch, but tonight while he was sleeping, curiosity got the better of me and I checked his messages.
He was EXTREMELY flirty with her in August and then late August there were messages about a kiss they shared. I woke him up basically yelling and crying at him.
To be entirely fair, he hasn't spoken to her since August, he says he regrets it and she initiated the kiss entirely. He told me he didn't even like her "that way" and that he planned on telling me this had happened "when I got over her and stop being threatened."
He still lied to my face for 2 months about this all. And if I'm being entirely honest, I feel like he wouldn't have told me if I hadn't of found out the hard way.
I don't know what to do.
The person that's been my rock for 3 years has now just torn down the slightest bit of trust and happiness I had built up.
I want to forgive him, but I have trouble trusting people as it is. 
I also think this is because he's been one of my very few sources of happiness lately.
This was honestly the worst time for me to choose to read his messages. My depression hit it's peak when I was around 16/17, but I've been recovering slightly since then. As of a few months ago when things in my family started to resurface, I've started going downhill again and this is just the icing on the crappy cake.
I feel like I really, really want to hurt myself.
Suicidal thoughts haven't been around for a couple of years and I'm absolutely terrified. 