Looking for helpful advice, life is going to shit Hi! and sorry for a long text not sure how I could make it any smaller, also I might ramble a bit here and there.

So I've been depressed for about 8 years, mostly because of my relationship and money related hardships.

I was really depressed before I went to college and when I started it felt like I accomplished finally something, but boy was I wrong. After starting college, me and my long time fiancee got pregnant. Just after the baby was born It came to my attention that my fiancee was fucking around my back and we broke up. I didn't get custody of the child but I can meet him/her once a week. I got really really depressed after that and went to the school's nurse. She wrote a prescription for a antidepressant that caused me HUGE panic-attacks and made my depression worse. I didn't attend classes after that because I got so bad anxiety and got thrown out of school. Now because I just made it in, I cannot ever attend the same school again(since I'm a second time applier).

Also at the same time I got huge gall stones that needed emergency surgery that did cost a lot, right after all of this. This was really painful and after I got it fixed i've chipped like 6 teeth and its hurting like a mofo everyday. I have no money to fix my teeth atm and since 160$ is enough for living, coming from the debt collector who takes a cut from my pay and I have no say to it.

After this whole mess I went 1k$ into debt which started a BIG rabbithole of debt that is increasing every month. Then I started working a shit job with random 16hour shifts (still doing it). Now after all the expenses it leaves me with around 160$ a month to live ( which the debt collector is more than enough). Winter time is coming and I literally have no furniture in my apartment, struggle to pay rent(haven't got the money to pay rent in 2 months now), debt is at 3k and increasing with more and more speed, and I'm fasting 2 days per week because I struggle to pay for food, have no utensils no winter clothes etc.

I tried applying for more suitable jobs for me, I have a background in Finance and Sales, but now that I got the mark that I have no money, none of these workplaces take me because apparently I am now untrustworthy to do anything related to money.

Now I cannot pay for child support and I might lose the only reason to keep on living which is seeing my child only once a week. I'm in semi constant pain because of Horton's neuralgy and bad depression. The only thing everyone keeps telling me is just keep on going you will get out of debt, but if everything is as is, my debt will rise even faster, I will be homeless and lose my job and my child if this goes on for more than 3 months(which will, since there is nothing at the moment that is going to change it).

Also I live in a country that has been marketed to the world as the happiest place that has "free health care"(Its free cos its so cheap anyone but me can afford it). I also wanted to start couple of companies (gaming and comp repairs) but because "I cant control my finance its not possible for me at the moment".

Is there anyone who has any wise words how to deal with all of this shit without jumping off a bridge, I feel like there is no way I'm going to win over this and literally everything is escalating to worse and worse every single day.

I cannot ask help from anyone close, because I don't get along with my immediate family and after I got depressed all my friends just stopped contacting me and most of them stopped even replying to me(always busy etc.).