Today I feel aloneToday I feel alone and I feel pain. I don’t want to move off this couch. I don’t want to text back my friend or boyfriend. I don’t want to watch this show anymore, but I don’t want to grab the remote. I don’t want to go into the kitchen to put away the food I left you because there’s a knife lying there and I’m afraid that if I pick it up I won’t put it down. I have mono. I can’t go see my friends on my Rowing team. I can’t tell classmates or they won’t want to be around me. I can’t kiss my boyfriend. I have no other friends in college. I am alone. I feel drained physically and mentally. All I crave is some physical love. One that isn’t afraid to touch me for fear of getting sick. I’m not death. I’m not broken and I don’t need to be fixed. I have to give my friends and boyfriend space, but days where I try to I feel like that’s when I need them the most. I want someone to talk to who will understand. Who knows what it feels like to have a hand and their throat. Or to be held down and feel the claustrophobic weight. To know how to describe the way an ice cube melting in a cup looks exactly. Where sitting in a certain position makes you feel like a slut. Or feeling that dizzy confusion you felt that night. Hating the feeling of stubble on a chin because it reminds you of how it felt scraping against your face. Feeling like it’s my fault knowing it’s my fault. Maybe I shouldn’t have walked down that hallway alone and he would’ve never been able to pin me against that wall. Maybe if I would’ve told him in his truck that I wanted to go home. Maybe if I would’ve told him I didn’t feel comfortable. Or keeping his secret for 9 years only for him to die. It’s him. It’s all of him that fires this to me. That makes my veins crave the knife on the counter that I’ve been using to cut up salmon that I need to put away but I can’t. Why am I the way that I am? Why did he take what little I had? Why can’t anybody save me? Why can’t I save myself? I’m not strong. I’m not great. I’m not fearless. I’m so afraid and so alone and nothing has or will help. I receive so love but I don’t feel okay. Maybe I’m selfish, but today I feel alone.