Living in chronic pain, the last glimmer of hope in the world is goneI'm 27. I've been living with rheumatoid arthritis at least 10 years now. The unending pain and fatigue has turned me into a miserable, pathetic, draining, intolerable person that my fiance finally decided to give up on last night. I don't blame him. He was forced to be a caretaker more than a partner and I let him take on that role instead of helping myself. We've been together almost 6 years. That's more than anyone should have to deal with me.

He is the only hope I see in my life. Any future I could think of always involved him - traveling, studying, kids. He was the reason I got out bed, even if it took me two hours. He's the reason I finally started studying for the mcat because he believes in me though I am unable to see the possibility in myself. He's right that this isn't healthy, that another person shouldn't be the reason for living. But it's all I have. I told him I have no future that doesn't involve him and offered that we individually go to therapy as well as couples counselling. No. He's done with me. Can't even say he loves me. I don't have any reasons left to keep suffering through my horrible life without him. I told him this because it's a fact. He says it's unfair to put that on him. I agree it's unfair, but it's my reality.

 I'm so tired of the pain and so afraid to become a chronic painer like I see in the ER wallowing in their misery when nobody could give a fuck about them. I'm a coward or I would have already done something. Afraid of not being successful in the attempt and ending up in a worse situation. Or afraid this is some sick dream and if I follow through on dying then I'll miss my one chance at being happy with him. 

He said if I die, then I might as well kill him because he'll follow soon after. I'm just trying to take away this burden I've unfairly placed on him. He is the only thing worth the daily pain and suffering that is and will always be my life. Without him, there is no light in the world.

I started cleaning our house. I'm not sure why. So there's less to do when I'm gone? I asked him to take care of our dog and make sure my parents get all the passwords to my accounts. He cried and left for work saying if I do this then he well kill himself too because he can't handle causing any more deaths (was in the army).

So now I'm lying here. Figuring out if I even have a shot at  being successful in the whole matter. Last thing I want to do is end up on a mental health hold or only half-dead. I'm so ashamed of all of this I can't talk to anyone I know. I'm afraid of nothingness, but I'm afraid of suffering the rest of my life even more.