Currently on suicide watch at the hospital, and it’s making me feel even worse.A VERY quick backstory: Hey everyone, 19F. I have struggled a lot with depression and anxiety and have never gotten help for it. My whole life I have felt like I can just manage and move on, but more recently in the past couple years, and the last 8 months especially, have realized I need help. My family life has been quite odd, being in foster care for a period of time and then adopted into a very emotionally and physically abusive family until I was around 14. At that time, I was adopted into another family, and always felt I was treated much differently, and it was noticed by other people also. My senior year of high school I ended up moving in with my best friend and her family, working and then leaving for college. Also in my senior year I met my recent ex bf. We dated for around two years but that relationship was awful and I seriously believe it has majorly contributed to some of the issues I’m currently experiencing. I ended up moving in with him this semester and he kicked me out a few weeks later, knowing I would be homeless. After begging and other people’s input, he let me stay but every time he saw me he would say awful things and scream at me. (Sidenote: I didn’t do anything to deserve getting kicked out, I promise. His reasoning was that he just didn’t want me around anymore.)!After our relationship has always been volatile, and I loved him with my whole heart and tried everything to make it work out, but it was just unsuccessful. I had been starting to have suicidal thoughts and each day felt like a battle with my brain. I told my closest friends about these thoughts and asked that they just check in with me. The feelings of despair and hopelessness, and the negative words and awful comments from my ex were just too much for me. I tried to overdose and it was unsuccessful. 

I am also diabetic, and this past Sunday my ex came back to the apt as I was leaving to visit my friend. For whatever reason, he was so irate and told me to get the fuck out and locked me out. I didn’t have enough insulin with me to make it through the night and was not planning on not spending the night there. (He was almost never home so it was not really a problem.) I called and texted him, explaining the situation, but got no response. A couple hours later I went back to the apt and knocked on the door to his room, which was locked and contained my medicine. I pounded on the door and was sure I would’ve woken the dead if there had been someone in there. I asked his roommates if they knew anything and they said they thought he had left. I decided to stay on the couch and wait for him to get home so I could get in the room. Throughout the night, I started getting ill from lack of meds and spent most of the night throwing up. Finally the next morning he opened the door, as he had been in his room the whole time. Again, I beat on that door and I seriously don’t understand how he did not *supposedly* wake up. I was so sick, and he was just yelling and berating me. He also physically threw my stuff outside and I couldn’t do anything because I was so sick and didn’t have a place to stay yet. I called my friend and he drove me to the hospital because I needed medical attention for my diabetes. When I was checking in, I told them about my suicide attempt and the depression. I wanted help.  However, being in the hospital has made me feel even worse. They have had me on 24 hr watch and keep taking things from me. This I understand, even tho I’m not currently wanting to hurt myself but severely struggling with my thoughts. But one thing I do not understand is that they will not let me have visitors, or even walk to the end of my room to ask my nurse a question. I’m currently waiting to be placed in a psychiatric institution (a 1019 patient) I am totally fine with this, and I requested it because I need help and I cannot do this by myself. I feel like I am going crazy here, and have been having anxiety attacks and progressively getting worse. I’m so lonely and they had initially taken my phone. They haven’t prescribed me any medication, nor have I seen anyone dealing with mental health. 

My main question: Is this treatment normal? Do any of y’all have any experience with this? 

I’m sorry this was so long, but any feedback would be greatly appreciated. 
