I am depressed, or rather, I get depressed. Often.The last little while it’s been really often. I decided to assess myself to find what is causing my depression lately, but in order to do that, I had to really dig deep into the root of the problem. 

I realized while typing this, that I’ve been on my journey to recovery since November 2017. 

First I want to say that I don’t go to therapy, so I just speculate a lot and rant, so there is a good chance that is what will happen. I will try to edit out unimportant ramblings. 

Back to my journey; I come from a large family so my siblings and I often go in on gifts for our parents in order to get them something big, so last November one of my brother’s texts everyone and says we should make a video of all the kids talking about their childhood experiences.

Sounds cheesy, but nice right? Wrong. See a little back story on this brother tells you that he was abusive, conniving, hateful, relentless, heartless and all around terrible. As an adult, he is pretty much the same, but well read and extremely douchey. Making him much worse. 

All my siblings agreed to do the video, except for me. I wasn’t going to either A: tell the truth about my childhood and ruin Christmas, or B: lie and give the person who stole my childhood what he wants. I decided to make a point to not go along with what I, and come to find out all my siblings, thought was a bad idea. 

Well my family gave me shit for not doing it and I was even more alienated from them. I don’t mind that part. They are all sort of terrible in their own way, but what did make me angry is that one of my brother’s wife lied and told my family I’m an alcoholic, so they all wrote these bull shit notes about how much they love me and that video made it so much worse than it needed to be. 

Only problem is, if that were true, at least one of them would know I haven’t had a drinking problem for about five years and the douche brother I mentioned earlier is a raging alcoholic and has been for a long time.

Okay, so back to the topic of my journey; I am currently unhappy with mediocrity in my life, but am terrified of success ( for reasons I have only half way figured out) which has lead me to have suicidal thoughts regularly. 

I believe that depression is much like herpes, or HIV. Once you have it, you have it, but you can treat it and prevent flare ups, or spreading it to others. Right now I am unsure of what my preventative care is. I exercise, eat well, have an amazing family I made on my own. I have a good job with so much opportunity and great friends. Everything except therapy, so maybe that’s ultimately what I have to do... 

I’ve tried therapy once and it sucked, but she was clearly biased towards Mormonism, so it got me nowhere. 

