I'm Lost.I don't know where to begin. Everyday is a struggle. I've repeatedly been making attempts on my life since about December. I tried hanging in the beginning, with little success because it seemed too painful. 6 or 7 times of that made me realize that it wouldn't work. I broke in October, and took 1500 mg of antidepressants, more than 60 times what my dose was, in hopes that I would die. After puking and having severe pain for hours on end and texting everyone I loved, I told my mom, because I thought about my families suffering. I was taken to the hospital, then I was put in a psych ward. My experience there wasn't great, as I saw kids even younger than me, around 12 years old, who had attempted to slit their wrists, and the help they tried to provide, in the form of group therapy, did nothing for me. Not even 2 weeks later, in the early months of November, I accidentally slipped in conversation, and my mom realized I had plans to try to kill myself again. She forced me to go into the hospital, and despite my protest, another psych ward. At this Psych ward, my experience was terrible. We were neglected sufficient water, they stopped doing check ins, and they screamed in a room full of kids with PTSD. They were constantly triggering kids with these severe issues, and the constant yelling has caused me to occasionally shake if I hear loud noises. The workers also stopped doing their check ins at some point, so I would see kids start slitting their wrists with things they stole from the workers, so I had to take it into my own hands to stop them. When I was there, I met people who had been raped, their children beaten to death by their parents, forced to take alchohol, but one stuck out. One girl, who was my same age, 16, had been forced to drink alchohol when she was 2, was beaten by her father, forced into sex slavery, tazed 27 times in a basement as punishment and locked in a basement for 48 hours, intentionally starved, saw her friend get shot at point blank and the blood splattered on her, her brother was shot over $50 of meth, and she resorted to any drug you could think of. She had been stuck in Psych wards, residencies, and foster homes, and none of them could sufficiently do anything. She got in this time for jumping in front of a speeding car, and narrowly avoiding death. I thought she was pretty, but I recognized we were in a psych ward, so I didn't take any action, yet. In our groups she mentioned that she liked weightlifting and playing violin, which were 2 of my favorite things. We started to discuss more and more and found that we had a lot of common things we liked. I completely fell for her at that point, and I told her, and she said she felt the same. From that point on, we held hands and hugged when the workers weren't looking, we fell asleep in the hallway looking at each other from the distance between us, and constantly telling each other we love each other. We made plans for all the things we wanted to do, places we wanted to go, and I told her I wanted to give her the life she never had. At some point, the staff realized, and tried to separate us, but before I left, those staff members were gone, and we could see each other yet again. I had seen her arms covered in scars from cutting, and that is the point where I had to start sneaking into her room to take stuff so she couldn't cut herself because the workers didn't do anything about it. On the final day, we were hugging at any possible second we could and repeatedly saying I love you, promising that we will begin to date once she is out of the next stage of treatment. I hugged her before I left, she promised me she'd be alive for me, and I had to leave. I had snuck her snapchat and Instagram accounts so I have her contact, but she is in residential. I looked into it and talked to my psychiatrist, and he said residential can be anywhere from 4 months to 2 years. She is the only reason I haven't ended it all. I feel horrible all the time. I've tried medicine, I've tried new sports and hobbies, I always feel like shit. I see so much suffering in the world, nothing brings me joy anymore, and the medicine puts me in constant pain. I'm scared I'm gonna end up trying to kill myself again, but I'm scared to go into another psych ward or residential. I leave her 2 paragraphs everyday on snap for when she gets back about how much I love her, and that's about the only coping I can do anymore. I promised her I'd give her it all, because she is my only motivation anymore, and the last thing I'm holding onto, but I may not get to see her for a year or more. I don't know what to do. Everyday is pain. I've tried and tried for a full year now, trying to stay alive for whatever I have to hold onto. She is the only hope I have left in this world and I can't even talk to her right now. I'm so lost and I don't know what to do.