Just venting: I can't do this much longer.The funny thing is...I am a psychiatric nurse. A cowardly, hypocritical psychiatric nurse.  

Tomorrow, I will discourage people from killing themselves, and spoon feed them the classics: "suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem", "you matter"...

In my own mind I believe none of it. In fact I really want to kill myself. I have a plan, and I have lethal means. I have ample time alone...I'm just missing the courage and frankly the energy. 


Life has gotten pretty bleak in the past 2 years.

My dad has cancer and is in a coma. We were close. My fiance told me he no longer wishes to get married now...and that he'll "let me know" when he wants to get married. I took off a lot of time from work to care for dad...so financially I'm in bad shape. Work is torture because I am clinically depressed...dealing with people all day when you're depressed is a special kind of exhauating.

No one really knows the extent of my depression.

I "Robin Williams" (RIP)  my way thru the days I leave the house...I never let people see me sweat or cry...or even frown. They think I'm "so strong".

If I can't do that I stay home. I stay in bed for hours and weep bitterly. It's all I can do.

I want out. I don't see a point in me being an additional burden on my family. I just can't seem to feel good no matter what I do. I've tried most things...non-pharmocological things anyway. 

I don't want to take medications, but I'll try them at this point. I don't have high hopes for the meds but hell I'll try. I want to either have life be bearable or not to be here anymore.

I actually, in the end, prefer dying. That way I won't have to endure the pain of loss ever again. I am a coward.

The other day I found myself in deep envy of a corpse being wheeled to the morgue. I wished so much it could be me.

I counsel people going thru worse all the time. Here I am running scared from my life which for all intents and purposes is decent, if u observe from the outside. Inside though it is the blackest of black and I can't deal. 

Yes I have folks to talk to...I am afraid even that has fallen short in helping me. 

Wish me luck...I don't know how this will end. 