I was doing so good... wtf happened?Abuse. Sucks. So. Much. And you can tell me over and over how bad he is for me and how horrible he will treat me... yet I will still love him more than any other person on this planet. I was doing so well... I kicked him out, I was away from him for a whole year, no talking, not even texting. Then I met someone who was literally the perfect guy, but I just wasn't attracted to him... I let him go as soon as things got too serious and told him that I wasnt ready for a relationship. It was more than that. I just can't be with him because he is too good for me. I would ruin his life... he deserves better. Then it wasnt long, I come into contact with my ex, we bumped into each other at a local coffee place... this was about 8 months ago. We decide we can just be friends at this point. About a month in he wants more, tells me all the progress he has made in changing his behavior, how he wont ever hurt me again etc... I basically kept him at arms length. I told him I still loved him but I can't be with him again. Which is very true, even now... but he started to show me so much improvement. I could tell how much he changed from just talking and hanging out. I started to see the guy I fell in love with the first year we dated... the guy that disappeared for the other 7 years of our relationship and thought id never see again. I was shocked, curious, but still cautious. We had long talks about how different he was and how proud I was of him. And eventually we start dating again. Everything goes great... but the past month it has been hell on earth. He is right back to his old behavior. The emotional abuse is unbearable. And thankfully we do not live together where he can get physical with me this time... but its worse this time. Because I feel more trapped than I did the first time. I dont know if I have the strength to leave him again. I love him more than anything I literally do everything and anything for him even if he will never do a thing for me. Its so disgusting. It makes me hate myself. I dont want to love him. Why do I love him??? Im so trapped... 

I wrote a bunch of goodbye letters to loved ones. Stayed up all night working on them. 
He isnt the only reason Im going to kill myself. My entire life could write the largest drama/crime novel ever written... But anyways. I think Im gonna do it a few weeks after New Years. I don't want to do it on a holiday cuz I know how hard it is to lose someone you care about on a holiday... lol. Even when Im being selfish enough to take my own life... i still care too much about how others feel. I dont want to hurt anyone... but I just know in my heart that I seriously have to kill myself. It sucks...