I think death is realese.Well I'm 23 year old boy, I have dermatological problem for past few years. It may sound "silly" or "stupid" or whatever you call it, but I have dermatoligal problem on my foot skin, which makes it stink realy hard, and it's not like I didnt go to doctor, I was visiting a dozen dermatologist and they jsut cant help me. Well it may sound silly "I have a skin on foot which stinks hahahaha". Yes, it actually is, I had this problem since I was 13 years old or so. It's annoying becouse I cant make any friends or any relations with other people. You know it's like I can talk with them and everything but sooner or later they gonna know that I just stink becouse of these foots and that's when every relation is over. I'm 23 years old, I was depressed coz of that, tried to suicide but I was to weak I jsut ate 4 hypnotic pills which was too weak to kill myself. My problem may look stupid, but every girl that liked me, every person I was getting well with just interrupt connact with me after they notice that I'm stinky. I feel very lonely, I'm 23 years old and never had a girlfriend or anything the farest I went in relationship was kiss in cheek. I'm tired of weird looks from people when I'm going somewhere by BUS, tired of weird looks from my "classmates" at University, tired of impossibility of making any relationship. I just cant stop thinking about death, about suicide, I'm not interested in any lessons at University and they will expel me soon (if I wont get to work ofcurse).  I just think it's nice to die. It may realesse me from my disease coz doctors cant. If I would die I wouldnt have all this internal pain, it will finally be over, no more weird looks, it would be over. I'm sure that my death will hurt my mom and my brother (yea, my dad never contact with me), that's why I just delay my suicide over and over, I started to smoke and drink alcohol, well why? Coz it's killing me and it may be less painful for my relatives if I will die longer right? I also started eating much becouse unhealthy food get me closer to death, I got 30kg (73 lb)  overweight over last year. I think thanks to suicide I will finally stop feeling embarassed. I always wanted to have a family but since I cant even make a relationship becouse my dermatological problem it wont ever happen. I just wrote it here becouse I'm unable to speak with anyone in real life about it and I propably want someone to cheer me up or smth I dont know... I'm sorry for my bad english I hope you didnt have big problems with undestanding.