WHEWFor the few friends that I do have, I don't have any classes with them, so I never really talk at school. I don't think many of you are alone, but it sucks.

Also, I'm not sure any of this is real. I can't even verify anything you tell me, because if it is true that this isn't real, then everything you tell me could be true in the confines of this "existence". I don't even know what this. There could be something more than life out there if this is real.

Also, this whole real thing is kind of affecting my school work. I have work due in 6 classes tomorrow, some of them being multiple assignments. I've also missed school 2 days in a row due to some issues.

Oh, also everyone is fake in terms of personality.

I don't know what I'm still doing. I've considered just dying before, but I've never tried it. I've never cut myself (I don't get the point of it?). I'm looking to buy some helium and suffocate myself with it. I don't have a car, so I'll have to use a plastic bag. I can't let the air escape, though. I forgot what happens, but it's bad.

Maybe I'll buy helium tomorrow. I don't really know.

It's funny though, because if you saw me in real life, you would have no idea of anything that I was thinking about.

I don't know, just the thing about asking for help is that you're crazy then. And I'm already classified as crazy + my teachers know this. I can't say anything!

Also, if any of you manage to find my personal information, that would suck really bad. I actually contemplated killing myself before and the cops showed up at my house during midnight.

The only reason why I don't want to do anything right now is because (most important to least important) I spent a bunch of my time going towards getting my laptop. I know that won't matter when I'm dead, but I still think about it. I also think of what I can do. I made this handy program, so I'm going to make a business with someone. Sounds like some useless stuff, but I promise you it's useful, though niche. I wanted to help the world in some way. The third reason is if I'm wrong. I could be irrational right now, but that would mean that I've been irrational for 7 years.

I'm kind of interested if anyone will use that last paragraph against me and say I have something to live for.

Well, if you made it this far (or just saw this and skipped to the end), you don't have to comment. You don't know me, and if anything does happens, it won't really matter to you. It was nice to type this all out. I would post this on the schizophrenia subreddit, but everyone there is dealing with their own stuff, and I don't really want them to be forced / pressured into taking time to respond. 