I'm not suicidal. I just need to talk to someone, and this subreddit has always been here for me. This is gonna sound weird. But I was just reading a write up on why Edward and Bella's relationship throughout Twilight is abusive. And I realized, that sounds a lot like a recent relationship I was in.

I doubt many people remember me from last time I posted on here. So a tiny bit of background: I'm 16, I've suffered through a lot for my age, and I have a chronic pain condition that no one can/will help manage.

As I was saying, though. This boy never treated me as an equal. It feels now like we were married back in the '50s. He always had to protect me. I belonged to him and ONLY him. If I talked to someone he didn't approve of, he would talk shit about them and get huffy if I disagreed. 

One day he actually stopped talking to me because I was tired and wanted to go home and rest rather than hang out with him. I think at that point I started to realize what I'd gotten myself into.

At the very beginning of the relationship, he lied to me to "test me" and see if I would deal with him at his worst. Thing is... what he lied about was physically attacking multiple other people. And I only agreed to date him after that because he swore it was under control, or that he'd had therapy or something. But now it seems like all that was a ploy, like he was making sure I wouldn't leave him even if he hit me. Maybe that's an illogical leap. But I don't know.

He forbade me from speaking to one of my best friends because the friend and I had been romantically involved in the past. He made me feel like shit for things I'd done in my past. He freaked the hell out at ME when I told him I'd been raped.

And then later, he and his friend basically raped me. I did want to have sex with him, but not under the conditions which it happened. His friend held me down while I thrashed around and cried no over and over again. I did consent partway through... but the memory of that night is always going to be how small, how helpless I felt.

No one even believes me that that happened, so I can't really ask for help. I'll continue to talk to my therapist about this, but I won't see her until next week and I needed someone to say all this too. Words of encouragement are always appreciated. Thank you &lt;3
