Burnt outUnmotivated to do anything at all. Jerking off would be too much trouble. Walking to the fridge would be too much trouble. Getting up to piss would be too much trouble. 

So obviously I'm not wanting to kill myself right at this very second. But for the past few years it's been on and off pretty consistently. I don't know how many times the 'three day rule' saved me. 


The first time I ever really wanted to do it, I wanted to get off a bus to jump off a tall structure nearby. I was 17. But I didn't. I was reading a book on the bus and even though I didn't care about anything, I kinda cared about how the book ended. A few months later, I was hiding in a public garden near there, making out with someone I'd recently met, and I looked at that tall structure for a moment and thought "I'm glad I didn't do that; this is pretty great." 


The next serious moment was over a year after that. It was a couple days after I opened pandora's box and realized I am transgender. I've never been transphobic, but the revelation was too much for me on top of everything else. I can't talk about it. I had one foot in the land of the dead.  


There were a few bleak moments in the couple years after that. Actually a few months ago, I was on the subway headed wherever. Plan was to get smashed and then maybe do some more hard thinking about if it was all worth it. But this crackhead sat down next to me and started telling me why the English language is the devil (fair enough really, but I didn't want to hear about it). I wanted to get away from him, so I got off at the next stop. And a few minutes later, I ran into a buddy and ended up just shooting the shit with her over coffee for a couple hours. And later I thought, damn- that crackhead on the train really did me a solid. What were the odds of me getting off the train at the exact right time, at the right stop, to run into one of the few people I would have been willing to interact with? I live in a large city. I don't believe in god or fate or anything- but if I did, I'd think someone upstairs sent "English is the devil" guy my way. 


And today I feel completely drained. You know the drill. Nothing seems worth it. I don't care about anything, except for a few people. The best thing is to not forget about them; depression can make you forget. But hey, writing this thing energized me enough to walk to the fridge. So there's a bit more life in me than there was 10 minutes ago. I wish I had some tranqs, but then again I don't know if I could get more sedated than I already am. 


I don't want to go into specifics, in case someone I know sees this. But I'd have to say the main cause of my depression is that I'm so uncomfortable with myself, mostly due to being closet trans but also due to other things. Then there's also external factors, like people being stupid and the future seeming really bleak. But fuck, I'm so far down the hole. I don't remember what it's like to not be depressed. I'm not even sure if I want to be not depressed. If I wasn't depressed, I'd care more about stuff. Fuck that. How would I get by at all if I cared more? 


I'm a bit drunk now so one more story. Like two weeks after that time I didn't want to talk about, I called someone I trust and told her about it. She said she wanted to call the cops. I didn't want her to do that, and plus I had work, so I told her that if she didn't, I'd call a crisis hotline and tell them everything, and if they told me to go to the hospital, I would. And I guess I could've just lied, but I was good to my word and called them. They told me they didn't think I was a danger to myself anymore, so I called the person I'd told and reported back to her. She believed that I'd called them- maybe not the best thing to do, but since I really had, it worked out. Her memories of that summer are totally fucked, so I don't know if she remembers any of it now. Part of me wants to ask. 


I have to get out of bed now. I can see my tits and my big lady hips from the position I'm lying in, and I care just enough to not want to look at that. Which is more than I cared about anything twenty minutes ago- so maybe there's hope for me yet. 