I can’t be arsed lnowso I have been suffering with depression for around 10~11 months, well I say that but I believe it to be closer to 5 years but I only want to say what I know and I know that I realised I had depression then. I have never been tested for it because I really don’t want the fuss and besides the medication doesn’t work, my mum was on fluoxetine which is an anti depressant and on the 18 th of february she slit her wrists knowing I was in the house but I have wrote about that before and I do not think I removed it so feel free to read it. I moved from my old school in nottingham to fucking cumbria (and no I am not that prick who is running for the youth council he is just some other guy from nottingham). cumbria is a shithole county full of shitty people who lead shitty lives and have shitty kids to contribute shit all to the shitty society but to be honest I don’t care about that, I just miss having friends irl. I made friends with a really nice girl from florida and we talk almost every day but due to the fact that it’s like 5 hours behind when I want to talk she is usually asleep or at school. I had 4 really good friends on csgo and we often played all through the day and night when I lived in nottingham but now I can’t even talk to them cause I have shit internet which has a data limit cause bt are cunts and don’t have a 6 month contract which we could have taken up for this house (a rental cause our house isn’t even fucking done yet).

I went to my councillor at school once after what happened but that was bullshit and she didn’t help. I didn’t feel comfortable sharing information about what I felt in case I was seen as a risk to myself and got sent to a mad house. I don’t want to go to a mad house cause I am not mad, i fact I believe myself to be the sanest person I know most of the time.

over the past month it seems like my life has been flipped upside down which has made all the shit that wasn’t boxed away in some distant part of my head spill everywhere. This couldn’t have came at a worse time this academic year as I am taking my mock exams for next years GCSE’s and when I am sat in the silent room I can’t stop thinking about what happened, replaying it over and over in my head. I usually do well in exams getting 9’s in science, 8’s in maths and computer science and 7’s in the rest (apart from french because french is the root of pure evil) but in these exams I don’t think I did well. I revised really hard for my maths exam but I don’t think I did well, I am close to being moved down to second set and if I do then I will be average at everything. I am gifted with chemistry and physics, well I assume so due to me getting better then the old A*’s a year early, but I am in a shit set and no teacher will move me. I feel afraid that if I fail these exams I will end up doing something stupid, I was gunna OD on my mums pills but I found out that they don’t work very well so that’s out the window. I just don’t know what to do, I just want everything to be over, I am nice to people and mind my own business and don’t try to be funny and just try to seem like a nice enough person to be friends with but it seems like it doesn’t work but I don’t want to change because then I would become that which I hate, people who try to be funny and seem funny but end up acting like cunts.

thanks for reading if anyone did, I don’t know if it will help but what else is there to do. if you can give me some advice which isn’t tell your parents I would appreciate it.