No immediate threat of suicide, but...I hear that's not a requirement to post here.  I'm sorry in advance, this might be long. 

I don't know what to do with myself.  I'm pretty decent at getting through the day to day stuff now, I just feel dead inside.  Like every action is a struggle.  It's a struggle to eat breakfast, to clean up after myself, to take showers, to go to school, to do school work, to stay in contact with friends.  I feel like I could sit in one spot on my couch for the rest of my life and just never do anything ever again. 

I keep myself alive by having dogs.  They force me to get some exercise and move about the house.  When they eat, I eat.  When they feel like playing, I take a break from sitting in my spot doing nothing.  When they need some fresh air, I get some fresh air with them.  I feel bad for the dogs because I must be such boring company, but in all fairness, they probably get a lot more attention than the average dog does. 

I just feel like it's really difficult to interact with people.  It's exhausting. But I'm lonely.  I want to trust people, I just don't. I want to pretend that people don't leave you the instant you need them, that people do try to help you when you're struggling, that people do care - but the reality of it is that most people don't.  Most people leave the instant things get complex.  Who can blame them?  I don't.  I just hate them for it. 

I was sexually assaulted by a classmate when I was 14.  It was a half day at school, I was supposed to go with my mom to open a bank account.  He stole my bag and I followed him to get it back, and that's when he attacked me.  I tried to kick him in the balls but he just grabbed my leg and lifted up so I fell on my back.  He had a knife, so I stopped fighting.  I just cried. My therapists tell me that that whole fight or flight thing isn't totally true - that a third instinct is to just survive.  Still, I blame myself for not fighting harder. When I got home that day I told my mom I accidentally took the wrong bus and that's why I was late, and I cried and apologized over and over for being stupid. 

I told my mom a few days later and she reported it to the police.  After going through the statements and all that, they told me I didn't really have much of a case against him, so instead of pressing charges, I should just switch schools. My mom agreed with this idea, so I agreed.  I switched schools.  I made friends.  I was getting better.  But then, he switched into my school.  I still remember the first time I saw him in the hall, I collapsed.  A friend took me to the office, he didn't even know why, I couldn't talk I was crying so hard.  I explained the situation to the principal, how two years earlier the VP had assured me I would be safe from him in this school, that he couldn't come here.  

They said there was nothing they could do.  I told my parents, who said that there was nothing they could do, either.  I called the school board, and they too said that nothing could be done.  The VP of my school told me to get over it or switch schools again.  Meanwhile, he was spreading rumours about me, trying to intimidate me, and everyone just stood by telling me to get over it. Nobody even admitted that what happened was wrong and shouldn't have happened. 

So I started drinking, and eventually I tried to kill myself.  I spent that night in the hospital comforting my mom, telling her she wasn't a failure.  She then told me what I needed to tell the doctors to avoid the psych ward - that it was an accident, I was distracted and just kept taking the tylenol by mistake and I didn't know you weren't supposed to take tylenol with alcohol. 

And then I was left to my own devices again.  I started taking sleeping pills.  I was cutting, drinking, and taking sleeping pills. Rushing home from school every day to cut myself and go to bed. Nobody noticed. Nobody cared. I even wrote a poem about it in English class - it got a 10/10 and a "great work!" sticker. 

It's been several years since all this, and I've had friends come and go, some people I've gotten close to.  Some people I've been able to trust a little bit, but I live with the assumption that they won't be there for me if I ever need them. I almost feel like it gradually gets harder and harder instead of easier.  It gets harder to trust, I mean...even though the trigger for my trust issues was so long ago and nobody's really done anything to perpetuate those beliefs.  Still, I feel like the instant someone knows how fucked up I am they'll just take off...and it just makes me furious.  No force on earth could make me abandon a friend in pain, and yet I expect it from everyone else as though that's just the standard. And I feel guilty.  I feel like it's my fault. Something I didn't do or don't do right.  I still think about just killing myself, all the time.  Sometimes it's a struggle not to just step out into traffic. I've been in therapy off and on and sometimes it works for a while but I feel like I'd need to be in therapy for the rest of my life to be able to manage the pain.

Maybe I'm just thinking out loud.  Sorry for taking up the place of a legit suicide risk. 