I need help/adviceI’ve been considering suicide for a few days now. I've almost attempted it previously (around half a year ago). But back then i wanted to get better and not feel suicidal so i went and talked to a close friend and she was able to convince me out of it. Talking to her made me feel a lot better.

I don't have any close friends anymore or anyone to talk with. I'm an extrovert and i can get a long pretty well with people. Like I'm great with introverts as well. But I'm terrible at maintaining relationships. It's been a few years since I've had anyone i could call a best friend. I'm great at conversations the first few days but later on i just turn into a boring person and it feels like people don't want to talk to me. I know that they might just be busy but I'm very sure that's not the case. I might just be bad at this. 

I feel horrible whenever people jokingly say everyone hates me. Even worse when they mean it as an insult. I remember every person that has said this to me and their words repeat in my head everytime i break down. Deep inside i honestly feel like I'm being a bother to everyone. Like they just put up with me and I'm not interesting at all. Basically I'm that awkward guy standing outside friend circles. I'm sorry if i annoyed anyone by doing this. 

It's the same with my family members except for the part where i know that they are bothered by me. If i talk about this with my parents they'd brush this aside saying that I'm just saying stuff to make them look bad and what I'm going thru is nothing (i have actually tried once and i got this answer). 

This is really cliche and you all might hear this a lot but romance has a bit to do with this as well. There are girls that have had feelings for me (even from the ones i liked) but a lot of them got disinterested in me after talking or hanging out with me for a few days. I'm not the type that says offensive or indecent things. I'm either annoying or not interesting. I've confirmed all this.

My mom abandoned me when i was a little kid. I found out somewhat recently and this just makes me feel like i wasn't really wanted. And this is really lame but i get depressed by those "you're an accident" jokes, i try really hard to hide it because it's just a joke that people usually say without ill will and unaware of what i went through.

So basically i feel like someone who's just a bother to everyone and that no one wants to be around me. I don't have any friends or family members i can talk to and i honestly think killing myself is the only way out. I've been feeling horrible for a few years now. I think I'm reaching my breaking point.