Feeling on the vergeI've been dealing with my depression off and on for a little over a decade. I'm 27 now and have started taking anti-depressants again (Celexa) after taking them for the first time when I was 18. My stomach is pretty weak and the meds (Effexor) before took their toll on my body, causing almost daily morning nausea which just brought me lower and lower so I stopped after a few weeks. Currently dealing with the same symptoms after starting it up again, and it's absolutely crushing me. My suicidal thoughts have become almost daily now and its wearing me down. 

I started a job last year as a part of my school program that I absolutely love and is a great fit for my lifestyle(flexible hours, independence). When I worked there as part of the school program I was the happiest I had been in a long time, not remembering more than a day or two I was down the entire 8 month span I was there. Coming back to school has brought back my moods and I feel as if I have checked-out emotionally/mentally from thinking about school which is causing me a lot of problems with trying to finish my classes. I've failed multiple classes in the past due to mostly laziness on my part, but even now that I've been given a second chance to retake them, I'm throwing the opportunity out the window.

I opened up recently to my fiancee about my thoughts and she is obviously concerned, and made a comment about noticing my behaviour since we resumed school. She wants me to continue, and even my boss said it would be better for me in the long run if I decide to look elsewhere for work, but we have already discussed about me staying there for a few years of work at least. I want to do right by my fiancee and even my mom. I want to make them proud and graduate but I can't keep my head above water. I feel like I am constantly sinking and watching myself helplessly struggle. Nights are spend yelling at myself in my head about things I should be doing, but i can't seem to muster the strength to follow through and work on things I know I need to. 

These constant suicidal thoughts grown from my depression are ruining me, some days making it so I can't even leave the house let alone my office which is my usual recluse space. I'm lost and want to make everyone happy and proud of me, but I just want to give up.