how do i tell my parents i’m suicidal(for reference i am a 14 year old female)
after endless battles inside my head for months on end, i have finally come to terms that i am suicidal. i’ve always been one to deny my emotions and bottle them up. but i cant take it anymore. it’s always the small things that are the most triggering. as my depression is getting worse, so is my anxiety. i cant do the most basic things. tomorrow, i am supposed to give a presentation. i emailed my teacher to ask if there were any other options besides presenting, as my anxiety is becoming too much and i can’t imagine giving a presentation in this state. she told me that she can’t allow me to skip it, and all i have to do is read some words. it’s not that fucking easy- the whole thing just made me explode and i want nothing more than death at this point. i cant even imagine myself alive in a few years. everything feels pointless- like if i died no one would care. i’ve lost so many friends, and missed out on opportunities of making new ones because depression got the best of me. i have the same painful thoughts: “what would my life be like if i didn’t have depression/anxiety?” imagining myself being out there and having fun like a normal teenager is so fucking painful. especially because i used to be an extroverted ray of sunshine as a kid, which my mom always brings up. i bet she’s disappointed to watch that kid turn into a train wreck. and then i have to watch my nice, normal, popular, teen brother have a healthy social life, having the time of his life with his best friends and girlfriend. and there’s his deadbeat sister who can’t even say hi. this whole time i’ve been so occupied inside my mind i didn’t bother to look at how i let so many opportunities pass right by me. im so fucking tired of crying to mitski songs and thinking about what a failure i am. i cant do this anymore. there’s no point. i ruined everything.

but i do think i want to get help. but i don’t know how i can walk up to my mom and tell her i’m suicidal. i don’t want my family to deal with the costs of treatment. my other brother is already very mentally ill and sucks up a lot of attention+care because of it, i don’t want to be another problem for them. i don’t know what i’m doing anymore