Stuck in a cycle I want to escapeEver since my junior year of high school, so about 4 years ago, I've been fighting with depression and losing. I did very well in high school and landed in a high profile science university on the track to medical school, and while my first 2 semesters were rocky I've been on a significant upward trend and could be a strong candidate for medical/pharmacy schools by the end of my undergraduate... And I still feel worthless. I know my future, if I have one, lies in medicine, but whether that's a clinic or a pharmacy I'm not sure, and at this point I don't think I really care.

Let me preface this by saying I do not, nor have I ever harbored any ill will toward any other person, those that I have known nor those who I may meet. I have no reason to direct my depression outwards to others, and never once during my experience in various healthcare volunteer settings have I ever thought about intentionally harming any of my patients.

The cycle I'm stuck in works like this: By no means should a doctor of medicine or a doctor of pharmacy have contemplated suicide as often as I have in the past 4 years. I have no idea why I feel this way or what brought on this depressive mentality that I have. My desire to kill myself is only surpassed by my desire to help others get well, and at this point the prospect of potentially being able to save even a single life forces me to continue forward at the cost of my own happiness. If I die without helping a single person, then I was never alive. If I were to seek help or let anyone catch wind of the way I truly feel, how utterly pathetic I feel as I cry through every evening on my couch every day of the week just hoping that one day I get the courage to kill myself, I'd be barred from obtaining either a medical or pharmacy license without a doubt. Someone in a position of taking care of other's well-being in such a capacity has no right to be doing so when they can't even take care of themselves. However, I cannot morally continue through medicine with my future patient's best interest in mind with a diseased mental state like this. I and everyone else relies on doctors and pharmacists to clearly and logically assess the needs of every patient, and I know with my depression that eventually it's going to catch up with me and begin to affect my work, and I cannot morally allow this to happen. At this point, the only way I see out of this cycle is to kill myself.

My only passion lies in medicine, to those who may suggest a different career in life. I have also contemplated what may happen if my depression caused me to fail out of an osteopathic medical program or, while much less likely, a doctor of pharmacy program, to which the answer is simple; I would absolutely kill myself. I have no reason to find a career elsewhere, because at that point I wouldn't be helping people substantially enough to warrant keeping myself alive through all of this. I just want to escape this torturous hell I created in my mind where there is no right answer other than death. Originally I was going to go to r/advice and ask what I should do when in this kind of situation where no answer is right, but in typing this I realized that I already made my decision.