Is this how it starts?I have no diagnosis, and I won’t claim that I’m depressed until I have one. But I’m constantly fighting these thoughts of being an awful, lazy, worthless person. My mood seems to dip suddenly from moment to moment. I’m not sure how to describe it.

I have been struggling with self harm for just over a year now. For 18 years, I was certain that I would never do such a thing. I never thought that I would cut myself, or want to commit suicide.

But I hit a low point, and I started thinking about self harm after an small accidental injury. The thoughts passively creeped in until I was thinking about it every day. I just wanted them to stop. I was desperate enough to actually try cutting myself. I had hoped that my brain would remember that pain is bad and then the thoughts would stop, but that didn’t happen. Instead I became addicted to self harm.

I experienced some fleeting suicidal ideation at my most desperate, but that went away after I started cutting myself. But a few weeks ago it started to come back. I’m a little scared. I didn’t take my thoughts of self harm seriously, and now I’m immersed in it. 

There are people who love me, even though I don’t think I deserve it. I can’t do this to them. Should I say something? They found out about the self harm, and they’ve been so supportive, but nothing seems to help. I don’t want to be locked up somewhere or hospitalized. I’m unmotivated, but still functional, I shouldn’t need constant supervision. There are other people who need help way more than me. 

I’m so confused. I don’t want to die, I don’t want to hurt the people I love. But I’m so tired of these thoughts. I’m so tired of waiting to feel better. I’m a drag on other people’s lives. I’m a disappointment. I’ve been given an easy life, but I don’t deserve it. I’ve never had a real job, I complain about the smallest of things. If I’m not going to contribute to anything, why should I reap any benefits? I feel like a bother to everyone. I wish I could shut myself off from the world and never inflict my presence on them ever again.

I just need to know, can these thoughts go away? Or will they escalate, like my thoughts of self harm, until I finally act on them?