I hate my lifeSorry if this will be a long ranting post , but i feel the need to get this out.

I hate when people say , that killing yourself isnt the way out , or it is a permanent solution to a temporary problem , id want any solution that works . I have tried anti depressants for years but even my psychiatrist gave up on me when they werent working for 2 years.

Im going to a shitty school because i couldnt get into any better schools , because my family isnt rich enough ( yay for eastern europe ) . Every day i get bullied , and even the teachers think im a retarded freak . Even though i try so hard to study , and every day i take extra classes at school , still somehow others manage better . I have no friends at school or anywhere except an online friend , she is the nicest person ever but sadly she lives too far away that i could ever meet her .

My parents hate me and when i was younger used to beat me but now they are divorced and its probably my fault and the only reason my dad tolerates me is because i take care of my sick grandma when he is at work . Having to manage school and being a caretaker is quite rough .

My english is bad and will probably never get better. All the english i know is self thought thats why its so basic .

When i was around 10 years old , i got raped but never told anyone about it , i held it as a secret because i thought nobody would belive me , i still have nightmares about it . Im 19 now. The only thing that helps me cope is that im a major drug user , been ever since i was 15. Its like its so difficult for people to understand that when you are in constant suffering a small blissful moment is worth so much , its the only time when i feel even remotely alive or like normal people do every day . I consider myself a good person , i have never stolen to get a fix even though i have been tempted . I wish i could be high all the time though .

I had once a relationship but it ended , and il probably never find love again and will be forever alone . My heart hurts every day.

I really dont know how much of this life i can take , its been shit so far and it dosent seem like it will get any better. Just people sometimes there are quite valid reasons why you want to kill yourself.

I honestly dont see it ever getting better. I feel like im too weak to even kill myself , i have tried several times in the past but fucked it up , but because i didnt go to the hospital , nobody knows about them. I wish ii could run away or move to another country but sadly because i dont have any money i cant.

I honestly feel like im in hell.