I am so lost right now.Let the rambling begin:

I've been thinking about killing myself for as long as I can remember. There might have been a day here or there where I didn't imagine it, but I can't remember the last time I went an entire day without picturing ending it all. I often imagine myself putting a gun in my mouth and slowly pulling the trigger or slitting my wrists and then clenching my eyes shut because I know that I wouldn't be able to look at the blood pouring out of me. When I painted my bedroom a few years ago, I chose the color because I thought that if I shot myself in there, the color of the blood would compliment the color of the walls. I don't feel as if I'm in any immediate danger of killing myself at the moment, but I feel that it is inevitable. Whenever I think about the future and how things might now work out in my favor I always think "that's okay, I'm just gonna kill myself anyway." It's so casual that it's terrifying. 

Part of me feels like I'll be okay though. Everything that I've done (or attempted to do, or better yet, started to do) in this life has been half baked. Started and then quickly abandoned. I have no follow through. If I decide to hang myself, I'll probably get side tracked halfway through rigging up the noose. If I do actually get around to pulling the metaphorical trigger (because I'm still picturing hanging myself-I'm not in the mood to imagine shooting myself at the moment) I'll probably fuck it up. That in and of itself is justification enough in my mind to end it all. I'm an constant fuck up. I can't keep a friend for more than six months (which is about how long it takes to figure out if someone is a decent person or not-I guess no one thinks I'm decent enough to be worth keeping around), I've only fucked one girl, and while she's generally pretty much alright, she walks all over me sometimes. I don't know what's worse, that she makes me feel like shit, or that I let her make me feel like shit. And if I'm too much of a pussy to stand up for myself, then maybe I deserve to be treated like that. Really, she's not that bad, I'm just a little over sensitive sometimes and she's a little too sharp tongued sometimes. We just moved in together and things were going great... until she started grad school. I know her classes are super tough and maybe she's taking it out on me? I also can't find a job and that's hard on both of us right now. Holy fuck I want a cigarette. And vicodin. I'd actually really like a drink or ten right now, but if I don't end up killing myself tonight then I'll have weird bowel movements in the morning and that will suck. So instead of a drink, I'd much rather have a few pain killers.

Did I mention that I have an incurable disease? I'm not going to go into details on what it is, but basically I'm in constant pain, I throw up a lot and I always feel like i have food poisoning and I'm about to pass out. I look healthy on the outside, so when I tell people that I'm sick, they think I'm making a bigger deal about it that it really is. It's a big deal. It'll kill me some day. There is no cure. I was born with it. See, I've been defective since day one.

I feel even shittier after having written all of this. I'm way closer to killing myself than I was when I started.

I haven't told anyone about this before. I want to be able to turn this around before I finally go through with it, but I'm feeling so lost.