What future?You know, when people ask me what I want to do with my life, I have a hard time picturing it. I usually just say that I’m still not sure and that I want to travel a bit because I know this is an appropriate answer that doesn’t require more questions. Sometimes they’ll go on to ask me where I see myself in 5 years and I usually can’t answer the question. Then they go on to ask where I see myself in a year and yet again, I feel like I can’t answer. So out of frustration and the person just simply wanting to get an answer out of me, they usually ask where I see myself tomorrow. I usually can give them a simple answer of what I have to do within the next 24hrs which typically entails my work schedule for the next day. Most of the time they’ll be satisfied with my response. After answering these questions I try to play it off as saying the reason I don’t know what my future looks like is because I like to live in the moment. That’s a lie, the reason I can’t see a future is because I truly don’t believe that I have one. One day, I think I’m going to get so fed up of my pathetic life that I’ll just end it. I don’t make anything out of my life because I don’t see the point. I don’t see it getting any better and I don’t think I can be helped. I guess I’m just hoping something will come along, like a wave catching a piece of drift wood in its current and carrying it somewhere safe, like a beautiful beach. I don’t know why I’m still hanging around. I don’t know what’s keeping me here. I feel selfish taking my own life because I know how much it hurts to lose someone you love but at the same time, nobody understands how much I’m hurting. If people could only see why I feel the way I feel, they wouldn’t hesitate to make the decision of ending it.

I’m pushing people who love me away because the further they get from me the less I can hurt them. The lonelier I am, the better. I destroy these relationships and I am always to blame which is good, I guess. The more you hate someone, the less you care about their life. 

Sometimes I get the feeling that I want to make things right. It’s like cleaning a dirty car window. I feel relieved when I do it and I can see where I’m going but after driving a few kilometres, the window is dirtier than before and I haven’t got the tools or energy to clean it. So why do I even try anymore. Why drive the car and why clean the window? I know that it will always revert to being dirty. 

So in the end, I stay alone, hidden in my comfort zone where nobody asks any questions. Eventually I think my low self esteem and lack of purpose in life will become so unbearable that I will realize that I simply can go on living like this...