My body is my prison
I am tired of the maintenance. I am tired of the work that it requires. It is an assault that never lets up. I am a slave in chains crawling along the edge of a precipice. I am at the mercy of hormones and brain chemicals. I could go practically forever without food, but my body won't allow that. I have no free will because I am separate from my body. I am not this fragile blood bag. What I am, is trapped. This is a trap. I need control. I need a break from my body because it is that upsetting. A break from the pain and uncomfortable sensations. A break from constantly being "on". A break from the weight. I'm too tall to not feel heavy, even though I'm skinny. The heaviness is exhausting to the extreme. Nobody can tell it's a battle just to keep myself upright. Literally upright. This is where I'm at. I'm tired of wanting what I can't have. I want a way out of this situation. This is unreal. This life has been a series of blows, one after another. There's nothing left to hit. Nothing but shreds. There's zero energy left. I can barely (unwillingly) fight for scraps like everyone else. I wouldn't lift a finger to prevent dying. Stay alive for what. Suck air for what. I went. Let me go like I'm not already gone. I've learned that it gets worse and I won't allow myself to be around for experiencing that. Most people are clueless. Moving from one task the next. They have a sense of identity with their body. Like it's theirs. I am not one of those people. When I look in the mirror and see the reflection staring back I feel cheated. I feel shortchanged. I can't "relate" to this body. It's only familiar because it's what I'm used to. I don't care what happens to my body because it's not "mine". I claim no ownership. Lately I've been feeding myself only because I absolutely have to. I am forced to do something I don't want to do and have no control over which is unacceptable. I cannot accept such an unwarranted prolonging of suffering. I hate eating and would never do it if I didn't have to. Food slows me down in different ways. I wish humans didn't need food to live. Again, no control. I don't want to put things inside my body. I don't want to worry about my next "meal". Being in a body in this world makes me crazy. It makes me crazy just being here. Not even the struggling part. It's the control aspect. I feel powerless and I can't live like that. I feel completely compromised. How could I, for even one second, think I'm free. There's nothing to back that up. Actual nothing.