I've seen the consequences, just give this a read.  Hey guys, I'm hoping some people who could use the words will read this. I recently posted on another thread and wrote about how I've been through 3 suicide attempts, 5 hospitalizations. The responses made me want to help other people if even a little bit possible.

[I apologize in advance for how long this will be]

  I can understand the dark place that some of you are sitting in. Some people will always say things about how it will get better in time, but that hurts to hear when every minute of your life is dragging by at an unbearable rate. Pain skews time, it fools us even more than usual. When you're deeply depressed, the rock bottom moments drag by slowly and at a point you don't even fight it because there's stability when you can't get any lower. And then when you have good days or moments, you can't fully enjoy them because deep down you know it will just pass. This is something that people who have never been severely depressed will ever fully understand, but you can't hold that against them. They give their advice out of love, and there is a world full of people who DO understand who will be willing to help you.

  Suicide attempts have left my life in such a complete mess. I have medical bills that I'll likely never pay off, my credit is ruined at age 22 - with nothing to show for it. My police record shows the results of my self harm, and I'll likely never be taken seriously if I were to have to go to court for something serious. I can never - for the rest of my life - join the military. I can never donate eggs or be a surrogate mother. But the worst result of all this is that my family will never be able to forget it. Some of them responded coldly, some of them with pity. If I start getting somewhat unstable, I have to see my mother look fearful and hopeless because deep down she's wondering if this might be the final time I go through with it, the time she'll have to bury her daughter.

  You may think the solution here is to just go through with suicide so there's nothing left behind. But, the chances of that happening exactly as planned are really low. The negative consequences of my attempts are nothing compared to what some people will live with. Even a gunshot to the head or hanging yourself won't always kill you. Chances are the result could be severe brain damage, or a physical paralysis that you'll then never be able to end on your own.

  
 I know this may get looked down on, discussing the consequences rather than just avoiding the idea all together. But this is the reality of it. Now, as I stated before I've been hospitalized 5 times, but only 3 were for suicide attempts. The other two were times I got so close, but realized I could seek help. I went to my local emergency room, and was sent to a hospital to rehabilitate. I didn't have to stay long, just long enough to stabilize. Those visits weren't held against me financially, and I had experiences in the hospitals that would help me for months and years to come. Sometimes it wasn't even because of the doctors or the medications. Sometimes I just met people who shared experiences that would alter my views. It gave me a chance to step out of the game for a little while and look at my life from the outside, which can completely change how things are evaluated.

  It's just a better choice. I can't tell you that you need to look forward to the rest of your life, that things will get better, because I don't know. But just for now, if you're really on that edge, try going to get help. What more do you have to lose?