I don't have anyone anymore. X-post: /r/Depression who didn't give a flying god damn fuck about me.I don't think I'm going to make it the night.
My mother's all fucked up on whatever drugs she's on
My dad's over at some friend's house until it's long enough to divorce
My sister' is going batshit crazy with all the shit that's going on
I can't even call the cops or an ambulance or the children's aid will take my sister
I can't think of any other way out of this and I just want it to fucking end
I think... Yeah I think fuck this. I've already got the rest of my mom's pills so why the fuck not.

-----------------

In less than a minute from posting this, my microwave started beeping, my TV flashed on and off, my back door swung open, and my dog is barking outside.

But nobody's awake, the TV is unplugged, the doors are locked and we don't have keys, and my dog is inside.

I'm fucking hallucinating from this god damn shit. 

**I CAN'T FUCKING TAKE THIS.**

--------------------------

Oh, and thanks to all this shit, the start of my school year is going to be hell. Did I mention I'm in high school? Yeah. My principal has tried to expel me for walking slow. Yes, accusing me of intentionally trying to be late for class, even though I'm missing half the muscle in my leg. THE DISABLED MUST BE EXPUNGED.

My left leg swings like a prosthetic. The only thing I'm good at is running. I have to walk extremely slow because my leg simply swings around unless it's in full force.

Basically, I'm getting expelled. With all this shit, there's no way I'm not. I haven't even received my schedule yet. I think they've already removed me from the system. They did the same thing with someone I knew. He attended classes for a good month before the VP told him he was expelled without notice a month earlier.

--------------------------

Another edit, I can't actually leave either. We're renting this house. If I leave, we're not entitled to it and my family gets thrown in an apartment building. So I have to put up with this shit until I put a bullet in my head or fuck over my entire family.

#WHAT A GREAT FUCKING HONOUR, CANADA. I BID YOU A GOOD FUCKING NIGHT.

-------------------

Shoutout to /u/caprice_la_malice and /u/Corynne_ for helping me and PMing me about the /r/depression post. Thanks guys. 

Also /u/dieshmaster for checking in about a post of mine three months ago. You rock, dude.