This is a rant. I am horrible. I already know that. *trigger warning I guess*For the past few year I have been extremely suicidal, due to severe depression and anxiety, bulimia, and struggling with bullying and self harm. People have told me to kill myself, and that they wanted to kill me. That I was worthless, and annoying and ugly and an abomination. I quite literally have zero friends because I had to drop out of school a few years ago to basically be homeschooled. I went to residential treatment this past year and ended up becoming friends with a manipulative patient who had behavior problems and abused me emotionally and verbally. I have been “recovering” the past few months. The only reason is because I am to afraid of causing problems for my parents. I have stopped cutting and purging but have replaced those with restricting and other less visible forms of self harm (scratching, hitting myself, etc.) and shutting away my emotions. My mom has told me before that I am the reason my family is so miserable. I am LGBT+ and have had to constantly be around homophobic family members and family friends. Now I’m stuck in an R.V form a family road trip with no where to sit (currently sitting in the tiny bathroom with no air conditioning.) have not been able to drink more than half a water bottle in the last 48 hours, and because my mom has a horrible migraine, had to give her my all new cold water, and have had to take care of my little brothers by myself, and I am sick as well (with a horrible headache, stomach ache, and I am pretty sure I have a fever. Honestly the situation is as ridiculous as it sounds. I’m completely being truthful. I am trying to force thoughts of killing myself out of my head but I can’t. No one is listening, no one cares. I am as bad as they say. This is just a post for complaining I guess, because I’m selfish. I know. I wish I could kill myself without my family being mad at me for that. They are mad that I’m alive and will be mad when I’m dead. I am sorry. I just needed to talk. You don’t have to listen.