Brother murdered SIL then committed suicide. Husband left me and took the kids next day. I wish my brother had killed me too.I’ve never posted before so pls forgive formatting errors. There’s a lot of back story in order for y’all to understand why I feel this way. 

This might get a little confusing. My brother (B) and I married into the same family. He married the older sister and I married the younger brother. 

B and I were extremely close. I know him better than anyone else in the world. We talked on the phone daily and lived a block away from one another. I know how his brain works. I’ve been his keeper for as long as I can remember. Anytime there was a problem with B I was the only one who could help. 

B has always had a dark side. We were gang bangers, and drug addicts. B wanted to kill his first wife. I talked him out of it. He wanted to kill a fiancé that cheated on him. I jumped in his car through an open window. He refused to go through with it b/c I would be an accessory. He’s even more violent when he’s drunk. He would frequently threaten strangers at bars with a gun; sometimes even going so far as to chase them in his car. B was arrested for two weapons felonies as a minor and he’s tried to commit suicide 4 times. The first time he tried to OD and had his stomach pumped. He told me the next time he’d use a shotgun. 

Several yrs ago B met an amazing woman and finally turned his life around. He married my SIL and had two kids. 

SIL and B started drinking heavily 3 yrs ago. B bought a gun and was threatening SIL with it when he was really drunk. Worse he was telling me he’d kill his kids, wife and himself before he’d ever let her leave. My first opportunity I stole the gun. 

As things got worse I begged my In-laws (Husband and SIL parents) to intervene. I told them about B’s murderous rage, his history with gun violence, and addiction. My in-laws wouldn’t listen. I was told, “He’s a kind and gentle soul. He’s nothing like you.” 

You see our in-laws loved my brother and hated me. Their list of complaints was never ending. Anything was fair game. I’m loud, prickly, rude, disrespectful. I’m a liberal who volunteered to work in the “nigger presidents” campaign. I don’t wear a bra or shave my armpits but still wear tank tops. It was pretty ridiculous. No matter how hard I tried they hated me. They’re not wrong about B and being opposites. Relevant example? I’ve not been violent towards a single soul since I gave birth at 16 (currently 39). Also, how dare my in-laws presume to know my own brother better than me??? What kind of arrogant BS is that?!? 

In January B went to rehab and quit drinking. After 2 months of sobriety he asked my husband (SIL’s younger brother) to help him buy a gun. THIS IS A MAN WHO SHOULD NEVER OWN A GUN! My husband consented and helped him purchase a Glock. Couple months later he helped B buy an AK. 

My husband knew B’s history but helped him anyway. He’s a Second Amendment, “everyone has the right to protect himself type,” of guy and my brother was sober. What could go wrong. I knew my brother didn’t want to protect himself and told my husband as much. I believed he was planning a murder. I repeatedly told my husband he was putting his sisters life in danger. 

In May B’s mood started to get very dark. I knew he’d started threatening to kill my SIL with the Glock just a few weeks after getting it. I could tell he was spinning out. I begged my SIL to leave. 

In July he asked his wife for a divorce. SIL brought her kids and the guns to my house and went to stay with a friend. My husband encouraged my SIL to keep the handgun. A couple hours later my brother came by for the AK. I told my husband to lock it in the gun safe. Instead he allowed my brother to take it with him. 

I knew they would both be dead by morning and told my husband. He scoffed and told me B seemed calm, rational, and level headed. Again, I know him better. When he’s dead calm on the outside shits about to get really really bad. He was calm b/c he knew that night would be the end. I called him over and over and sent dozens of text messages. He never responded. I gave up and went to bed. I got a text at 3:30 AM. “Tell the kids I love them. We’re both going to die tonight.” Before I could respond he shot his wife and committed suicide. In less than 3 minutes they were both gone. The only good part is his kids were with me and are still alive. 

I blame my brother but also myself and my husband. I knew and my husband should’ve known. The guilt and pain was eating me up. I ended up getting very drunk that night. My husband is an alcoholic. I told him over 7 times not to come home b/c I was drunk. I didn’t listen. Instead he came home. I tried to make make it very clear I wasn’t ready to talk to him especially drunk. He wouldn’t leave me alone. I got angry and told him I wished he’d died instead of B. He took the kids and left the next morning. We were already having problems and this was the final straw. 

My husband and his parents believe if my brother (the kind gentle soul) is capable of murder then lord knows what I must be too. It destroyed me to hear. After all I’d been trying to warn them and no one listened.

I was a SAHM. Now I’m homeless, jobless, and practically car-less. Windshield wipers don’t work. I live on the gulf coast and it’s hurricane season. I was allowed to see my kids for the first time since the middle of July last weekend. Basically my life is a shit show and the ppl I used to depend on the most are dead or convinced I’m dangerous. 

Finally... I really wish B would’ve killed me too. I made a promise to my oldest that i’d never commit suicide. Unfortunately, I take that promise very seriously b/c right now all I want is to die. I don’t know how to describe the pain I feel. I can’t breathe and I feel like I’m losing my mind; am I dangerous?? Were my in-laws right about me all along? Should I just walk away from my kids to keep them safe? There’s no joy anymore. My brother and I quoted movie lines to one another all the time. Now I quote a movie and no one laughs or quotes back. When one of us was angry or upset we’d drive around bumping Tu Pac, SPM, DJ Screw, UGK, and others until we were worn out. Now I don’t even want to listen to rap. I don’t want to get out of bed, I don’t want to eat or shower or breathe. I used to be pretty confident. Now I doubt everything I thought I knew about myself and my husband. He’s been so cruel. I kinda understand my brother did murder his sister but that jackass gave brother the GD gun. Sometimes I don’t understand how I became the bad guy. Other times I feel like I feel like I should’ve done more to save my SIL. I knew B would successfully commit suicide one day. My only hope was to save her. Instead I allowed my husband to bully me into letting my brother take the gun with him. 

Without my brother I’m completely lost. I honey feel like I lost a part of my soul. My brother and I shared a lot of the same friends. They’ve all surrounded me with love and support which I appreciate but don’t deserve. My mom is making me go to counseling every week. I thinks it futile. I’ll never be completely happy happy again. We were so poor growing up that my older bro, myself and my younger bro all shared a room and a double bed. When B and I finally got our own rooms we couldn’t stand it and almost always ended up together. Now I sleep with a box of his ashes next to my bed. I just want to join him. Fingers crossed He’s finally found peace. I guess I want that too. 

If you read all of my rambling I truly appreciate you. Actually, just writing it all out made me feel a little better. Thank you for taking the time. I should sleep. Goodnight.