Complete miseryToday for the first time in many years I feel suicidal.

This is problably going to sound like a rant and I don't even know if anyone is going to read this or if it will help or anything. I don't know anything about anything anymore.

People always say to never compare yourself to others. I just talked to my ex. She's got a new boyfriend. Theyre moving into a house together. They're going on a trip to Spain for easter. She's garnering international attention for her art. She has a rad job and makes lots of money to be able to afford all of these awesome things I'd love to be able to do. It just reminds me how many of my life choices might have been a a complete fucking mistake.

I chose music as my career path. I'll never make any money. I can't even find work in my field right now so I'm stuck working a minimum wage part time job. I can't save up enough money to move out of my parents place. Even if I achieved all of my meaningless goals I'd still be this poor invisible piece of shit who can't go anywhere.

I just moved back to the US from living internationally for a long time. I live with my parents in suburbia in a wealthy county, so there's no one my age living around here. If the cultural shock wasn't isolating enough, the fact that there's literally no one to talk to around here or be friends with...It's like social castration. I feel so fucking alone. I feel like no matter what I do nothing will make me feel happier or satisfied. Im sitting here sweating as I write this practically in tears and I don't even think im effectively communicating right now. I can't even fully express an idea anymore.

All of my habits are fucking killing me right now. I smoke constantly. Im not exercising enough. My diet is shit. I don't use my brain anymore which is death for a person of any amount of intelligence. And I'm powerless to change my habits. I've written down everything I want to change over and over and over again and I can't change anything. I'm stuck in my pattern of doing absolutely nothing and I fucking hate it and it makes me so miserable so then I just keep with my habitual patterns to help me forget how miserable I am which ultimately just makes me even more miserable. I'm stuck in this cycle of crippling misery. It robs me of any desire to go out and meet new people. It robs me of any desire to try and have fun. All it makes me want to do is sit in a dark room and repeatedly smash my head into a fucking wall.

I have no goals anymore. I have no more direction. I feel like I'm stuck in this freezing fog with nothing but desolation in all directions. I can't see a brighter or better future. All I see is poverty and misery.

I hate my job. I have no friends. Everyone I've ever loved has moved on to bigger and better things and all I'm left with is relative failure. My music sucks, I don't even have the energy to work on it and even if I did what the fuck is the point its all just wasted time. I can't get a date to save my life because of this mental state I'm in and the culture shock I'm still going through. None of my goals matter, and everyone writes off a person with no goals.

I dropped out of engineering school to pursue music, what the fuck was I thinking? I have five years of higher education but no bachelors to back it up with so I might as well have spent that time on the moon. I have nothing to show for the last five years of my life. No portfolio. No following. Just a bunch of unmarketable skills.

I feel like I can't change anything and even if I did it wouldn't matter at this point. My whole life up until now has been nothing but a waste of time and resources. The only thing I see looking forward is a big black pit of despair. I fucking want to die. I don't want to keep thinking about how shit my work ethic has become or that for whatever fucking reason I'm equating success and happiness to wealth. I don't want to keep thinking about how socially isolated I am from everyone and everything. I don't want to keep thinking about what a waste of a good brain I am. I don't want to keep thinking about anything. I don't even want to feel anything. I just want everything to go away. I hate myself. I hate everyone. I hate everything. I find no joy in anything I do anymore. There's nothing in my life right now except misery, regrets, and loneliness. I just want to smash and break everything around me until I can't move anymore and collapse into a curled up ball on the ground and cry and cry and cry until I pass out. 

Fuck this. Fuck all of this. Fuck every choice I've ever made. Fuck me. I'm trapped in my own head, and I don't even know how to properly express what's going on in there anymore. I used to pride myself on being articulate. Reading this it's just a bunch of rambling bullshit from a spoiled dude who doesn't understand what it is to actually suffer.

Fuck it.