I Think I'm DoneHey,

I'm not going to be dramatic or over the top with this, though I've done that many times in the past, but I'm pretty down and I think realistically, I'm done.

I don't want to die. Really, I don't. It's that not-wanting-to-die impulse that's kept me from doing it. I can't stand to think about what my family's reaction would be, I would never want to put them through it. But there's a part of me that pushes me towards it. I've got a serious case of l'appel du vide going on, and this subconscious piece of my mind is getting clever.

I'm staying up far too late (insomnia, 72-hour stretches) where I end up sitting at the end of a dock and waiting for myself to fall asleep. I don't have the courage of my own cowardice to actually do anything, but I'm putting myself in the position for it all to happen. I don't like this, but I'm doing it.

I'm losing everyone in my life one by one. The last person I've lost was a close friend, a lot like an older sister; she was the person I would go to with bad news, whether relationship (happening a lot lately) or health-related (unfortunately, happening a lot lately). However, something's happened, and she's changed; she's my roomate's girlfriend, and she's suddenly turned into this hateful person who's using high school-level bullying techniques on me but doing it very effectively. I no longer feel safe in the hosue I pay rent to live in, or talking to any of my friends. I don't know why this person I trusted so much has decided to try to ruin my life, by telling me and forcing me into making certain things off-limits. I don't know if I'll be able to forgive her, but to be honest, I don't think I have time.

It's only a matter of time before the depression wins, I'm afraid. I don't want to die. But it wants to kill me. I don't know why I'm posting this. I tihnk it's because I've finally got to the point in my life where I couldn't confide in someone in real life. They've all either left or been taken away. I don't know whether this is a cry for help or just a suicide note. I'm going to finish now.

Goodbye.

EDIT: If this is a suicide note, then it's a fucking novelty joke account I had from a while back I'm using as a throwaway account. Now that's a depressing way to end it all.