I think it’s about timeI think it’s about time I leave this world behind me. My boyfriend of two years recently kicked me out while I was on vacation and broke up with me. 
This caused me to have to move back into my family’s house. Which always caused me to want to kill my self , caused my mental illnesses and depression etc. 
it’s just gotten worse and worse after a month and I can’t do it anymore. My mother is absolutely psychotic and I can’t bear it anymore. I’m so fucking depressed. I’m gonna have to bring my dog back to the shelter because my mother is obsessed with laying down about fifteen wee wee pads in this lovely 12 by 10 room we share. I can’t even afford them anymore because she barely works and doesn’t pay for anything. I pay for food our phone bill anything we need. At 24. And she’s fucking psychotic so she’ll just lash out at me telling me how worthless I am because I forgot to clean out a fucking dog cage after I cooked for us changed about ten pads in the hour after I got home and took a piss. 
God for fucking forbid right. 
And now she has this obsession where she refuses to walk past the dog. She snaps at her she claims. Sure. So she’ll wake me up all hours of the night to pick up the dog and put her on my minuscule fucking bed. So I haven’t slept in a month. 
And if anything goes wrong in life it’s my
Fault. If I show any emotion I’m worthless. 
I just want the world to know it was her fault. 
And I don’t have support from friends. My only friends are coworkers I can only see at work because I’m not allowed to go out because my dog will cry and I don’t have a license and I can’t afford to fix my car so I can go take my road test
And no one will let me borrow their car to take the test in because I don’t hang out with anyone and I can’t take classes because I have to support a family of three at 24 and I can’t learn with anyone because I can’t hang out with anyone. 
And everyone at work doesn’t support me anymore because were telemarketers and we’re supposed to fake it til ya make it and everyone drinks the same koolaif and everyone’s solution is to get out but how the fuck do I get out when I have no fucking money an dno license and I can’t rent because I have the dog and she has anxiety and cries and eats carpet when I’m not home and my dog is fucking depressed and if I send her back to the shelter I’ll fucking lose it I won’t live with myself. 

I need to die. It’s truly the only
Fucking. 
Way. 
Out. 

It’s like a wheel keeps turning in my god damn head and it’s like how many times is she going to interrupt me how many times is she gonna make me want to die today how selfish is she gonna be today how rude is she going to be to me or others around me to make me uncomfortable. 

I can’t do this anymore. I can’t do this anymore. I can’t do this anymore. I can’t do this anymore. I can’t do this anymore. I can’t do this anymore. I can’t do this anymore. I can’t do this anymore. 