HelpI just dont know what to do anymore... Im not even sure I fit in here, since Im never really going to even come close to committing suicide, Im too much of a coward, too afraid of death and of hurting my loved ones to ever even attempt it... but Im just tired, Im SO tired of existing... I hate myself I dont have even an ounce of love for myself, Im just incapable of being happy, I am unable to enjoy life... I think about death daily, every single day, the thoughts "I want to die" and "I hate/dont want to exist" go through my head on repeat every day of the week, at all times (or at least at any time when Im not distracting myself with videogames, movies, friends, work or family).

Here's the worst part though... Im not even depressed, this is just what I am, WHO I am... I wake up early and get out of bed every day to go to work, I hang out with friends pretty much every weekend, I share good moments with them and my family, I have genuine laughs and smiles with them, also when I play games or watch shows/movies, none of those feelings are fake... but somehow Im just still miserable, I despise myself, I cant stand this, even if my fun moments and laughs with family and friends are genuine, they are just distractions, they take me away from myself, distract me from how I truly am, a joyless piece of shit who cant help picturing/imagining himself jumping in front of a bus/car every time hes waiting to cross a street, or jumping in front of the train when waiting for the subway (not like Im gonna do it anyways, like I said before, Im too much of a wuss), for some reason I cant help it but fantasize about me killing myself on a daily basis, sometimes like I mentioned there and sometimes I just straight up imagine shooting myself with a gun or hanging myself. I really needed to vent this somewhere, and I guess the internet's the best place to do so, where I dont have to feel the agonizing anxiety of knowing I'm worrying a loved one by admitting all this to them, that Im letting them down, making them feel liek they are somehow failing me, I just cnat live with that.... I hate myself, I hate beign this, I feel so FAKE, I am a fabrication to all my loved ones and friends... but can you blame me? who in their right mind would EVER want to have any relation to THIS... One other random thing I need to confess... I seem calm and collected to everyone that knows me, but I actually have an horrible temper, Im just too obsessed by what others think of me so I do my best to keep it all inside and look calm, but damn if I dont lose my fucking mind when Im alone, why am I like this... I mean I know where I got this temper from, but unlike my mother, I am a spineless piece of shit too concerned by what others will think so I cant help but keep it all inside... I only ever take it out on myself, because I despise myself and I deserve it... when I get super frustrated by how stupid and usless I am 99% of the time, I just hit myself on the head with my hands, I am SO ashamed of it, but its my only outlet to my frustration with myself... it doesnt happen often thankfully, but it does happen and if anyone were to know this they'd definitely think Im insane and would want me locked up, I couldnt live with people seeing me that way, I couldnt live with that prejudice, do I NEED to look like a normal chill regular dude, otherwise Im going to lose the only good part of my existance, those placebo distractions I get with my friends and family, that make me forget who I am for just a while.

For the longest time I thought I could live like this, hanging onto my friends and family and the good moments I get with them... at least until I couldnt take it anymore and I'd gather the courage to off myself or maybe if Im lucky die of natural causes early in my life.... but I Cant take this anymore, I want to be happy... I want to be happy with MYSELF, for ME and not have it depend on other people, so many people say a solution to depression is making sure you're not alone and to be with friends and people that make you feel good, but the truth is that's just a placebo, you'll end up like me, having your joy depend on the existance of other people, but every single breathing moment with yourself is agony of the highest order because you just cant stand yourself that much (and this is my own experience, being someone who cant even claim to be depressed, because my problem its just that I'm like this, incapable of being happy, I came out wrong from the get go)

People always say "Be yourself" and "be proud of who you are", but when you are like me that's really not an option, being myself is what causes my agony, which is why I look for any form of distraction to not be with myself... I just dont know what to do... I want to be happy, I dont want my happyness to depend on other people... but I CANT, I need someone to tell me HOW I can do it, cause I just dotn see it, I dont understand what I ahve to do I just dont...

Im just rambling, I Doubt this makes any sense or that anyone will read it... what the fuck am I even doing here, I'm not depressed, truly struggling and suffering people with depression cant get out of bed or their homes... I go to work, I hang out with friends, I share good moments and have fun... the sad truth is that Im just a joyless piece of shit, I am rotten inside and I have no fixing, I'm broken beyond repair.