Can't shake thisWhen I look back on my life, I just see mediocrity, underachievement, and failure. No great paying career, no real success in music, which throughout my 20s I focused a lot of time and energy on, and no real useful skills or profound knowledge. This is how I view myself. Everyday I ask, "What is this life?"

I was with a woman for five years. We were engaged, then it all fell apart the last couple years. We tried couples counseling, I went to therapy, she also went to therapy, we tried recreational drugs, bla bla bla, but everything worked no better than a temporary Band-Aid. Nothing seemed to mend our differences, and she ended up leaving anyway. She took a lot of the valuables, and the dogs. And within two weeks, she was with another man. 5 years together, and she got over it in two weeks? I'm pretty sure she cheated on me, despite her telling me she loved me always and all these other lies. Honestly, it's better that she's gone, as I've had months and months to reflect now, though her jumping into another relationship immediately after doesn't make me feel all that great about myself.

Anyway, the worst part is the dogs being gone. I raised those dogs and did everything for them, and I got nothing. Now I'm all alone, under stay-at-home orders, $52K in debt (not including student loans), about to file for bankruptcy, and wondering if she'll ever pay me the $10k she owes me (probably not) or take initiative to get my name off the title of her car, while her new man drives it around with MY dogs... Being alone is not helpful because I just think about everything that happened and it makes me angry. One of the worst things about our breakup is the rift it created between me and our mutual friends. Now, nobody wants to hang out or talk to me. Nobody asked for my side of the story during all this - they never cared to. And I'm not about to go tell everyone around town what happened or post about it on social media. That is not my style. So, I just rolled with the punches until I'm where I'm at now. Forgotten and alone.

I used to get really driven with music and write tons of songs, play with friends, play shows, hell maybe even a little tour here and there, but the last half year+ has been pretty much a dry spell. Then I get mad at myself for being so depressed, because I can't write songs. Then I start thinking about the point of it all, as often it seems like a huge waste of time. I feel like I'm losing my life by doing nothing with music, but I also simultaneously don't feel the same joy I used to feel when doing it. Then I think, "Well if you stop making music, what else are you gonna do?" That's one of the best things I can do, and I'm not even that great at it.

So what's left? I'm trying to study to get A+ certs to get into IT, but that too brings on a feeling of, "What's the point?" Yea, more money, but for what? I have no goals and don't know where to start to make new ones. Right now, I just want this constant feeling of lethargy, apathy, and depression to end so I can at least occupy my time with something else.

I'm just so sick of this. I feel like I've fucked up my life not only because of everything that happened the last 5 some years, but because of a slew of other shitty decisions that I've made over time. I feel like my family thinks I'm a fuck up, and that I let them down, and I often believe them. By comparison, my sister is a Doctor, and I'm just a loser with a boring job and an ability to play bass and guitar. Wooo... Totally giving back to society over here...

I often think about suicide as the ultimate escape from this hell. I need to break this cycle and I don't know if I have the ability to do it myself. I stopped doing drugs, don't smoke, try to work out, eat great, but it isn't enough it seems. I'm either missing something, or my brain is now hardwired for the constant negativity beat-down, and I don't know how much more I can take.

Sorry for the long post. I don't really talk to anyone about this so, here it is. Depressed, lost, and alone.