The family's staging an intervention for me tonight. I don't know what to say or do because I still don't feel like trying.They're picking me up in a couple hours (it's 5:47 PM EST right now).

The one who told me about it, my sister, said they want to try giving me back control over my life. But they also put a club on my car so that I can't drive anywhere.

I am suffering a lot of indignities right now because of my poor choices. For example, I sleep in the same room as a 3-year-old and have nowhere to put my stuff. Sounds like no big deal, at least I have a place to stay... but it still makes me feel like a child.

I have been unemployed and broke for a while. When my phone was shut off, I missed a call that could have landed me a job. I told my sister and she said I could have asked for help with the phone bill. The only problem is I feel like I have asked for help as directly as I could. That has always been really hard for me, but I told my siblings that I wasn't able to pay my bills and they didn't do jack shit about it.

Now my car's booted and they think I've never reached out and the whole thing is really humiliating.

I really am a whiny bitch when I try looking at myself from the outside... wow. But how can I take this intervention seriously when I have been suffering (more ways than the petty ones I've listed here obviously) for YEARS?

I am a little pissed off. But calming down.

I've posted before, there's a little more history in there. http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/fb5q6/i_dont_think_trying_is_worth_it_for_any_reason_at/

EDIT: Thanks to everyone who wrote. I'm heading off to the "meeting" now but will check on this post later. I am a little better prepared and collected now and am very grateful to have had people to talk to before the spectacle begins. SW is really an amazing place.

EDIT 2: I'm back and man that was weird. I might post a little description here after I respond to a couple posts down there.

EDIT 3: Thank you again to everybody. This community's kindness and support are really touching. Time to read for a bit and attempt sleep, but I'll check the thread tomorrow, so throw in your 2 cents if you got them.