Helping with Suicidal DepressionSo, a very dear, but volatile, friend of mine contacted me the other day. That in itself was rare enough but he said he wanted to talk. We live in different states now and had to do a phone conversation. He's usually pretty funny about things but he was a straightline with this. So anyways, we have a three hour talk and I'm going to try to piece this together as best I can. 

We met in a department in college and kept in touch, for the most part. Very intelligent, handsome, and energetic guy but there was always this aspect of him I couldn't put my finger on. I wasn't the only one. Mutual friends mentioned the same thing. He wouldn't let anyone get close and being around us for consecutive months doing work, having drinks, hanging out together, he would inexplicably disappear and get angry with us whenever we would reach out to contact him. "You have enough shit to deal with, worry about that." "Is there something you need from me?" Were common responses or somewhere along those lines. We would only seem him sparingly through these willingly absent times. When we would he would have sunken eyes, be consoderably thinner, and even once he had apparently shaved his head. He would then slowly come back to the group, which was turning into a grouo of friends and not just acquaintences in college, and he seemed to be back to himself. Helping people with work and aspects of their personal lives, sometimes even unsolicited. He was the only guy who would remember everyones birthday and actually do something for them. In hindsight I noticed we all dated, sometimes each other, in this group but we never noticed him with anyone. We knew there was one person once upon a time but that's another story. 

Anyways, fast forward about 6 years (2015) and the group has graduated with degrees and some of us still contact each other occasionally, but that's the extent of it. Two of them married and look happy. But no one makes large attempts to contact each other. This friend though, we'll just refer to him as Robert, disconnected from everything and everyone. He was kinda the glue with how much he would get the group together.  His number changed several times,  deleted absolutely all of his social networking profiles such as instagram, Facebook, snapchat, etc. We had no idea what happened to him. Well, I get a call from the area code where we went to college and the voicemail is from him. He said he'd really like to talk. I call him back and he is verrrry distant. Long story short, during the time he was a ghost ftom everyone, his father passed from cancer, he had two close family friends commit suicide, he was diagnosed with severe depression and having Bipolar 2, and had an unsuccessful suicide attempt which led to being institutionalization and heavy meds for a time. He is also has Diabetes, since he was 4, and now is starting to lose his eyesight with cardio problems. The guy has been through the ringer. 

He tells me these things and we talk things through over a couple days. He's not the easiest to talk to anymore but I've always loved the guy. He said things were close to where he wanted to end things and stops talking. I didn't know what to do but it just so happens I was back in town when we ran into each other and he said he hsd just got out of a care center after a suicide attempt. So we caught up and were there for each other, considering I just had a recent break up and let go from a job. We were each others support for a bit. Before I left we made it a point to keep in touch. 

He's horrible with accepting help after that. He says he doesn't want to talk and gets upset when we don't. I suppose that's a byproduct of his mental ailments and explains past behavior. It doesn't make it any less frustrating.

Now, present day, I get a phone call from him after a testing two years. He says he's finally made plans to end it. He explains some friendships had eroded that were his support system, saying that he finally came out with those dark thoughts and people ran. He travelled unannounced to another city for a friend and she freaked out and refused to see him in order to fix things. That's what apparently served as the catalyst for his decision. He sent her money every month to help and said was a great and rare support system. He obviously cared a great deal but their friendship is apparently dead and he told her what was going on in his head and stated all she said was, "I'll be praying for you" before hanging up on a phone call and not talking again. I'm assuming that sent him over the edge finally. 

He gets upset when I try to help and I can't imagine what it feels like to have those thoughts much less people running from them. That type of rejection is crippling I would think. 

My question is what do I do? Was she (his friend) wrong to walk away? 

This is overwhelming and I love the guy, genuinely, but he gets angry when I help and also when I don't and he has tried to legitimately do this before. I want to stay but what do I do? Should I even stay? It's a horrible question but I do need some input. 

Tldr: Long time friend who turned out to be suicidal lost friends recently since coming out being depressed has made plans to kill himself. (Please read though) What should I do?