No one will ever help me out of this, just bring me down. I think I will end it tomorrow.I don't know what to say. I don't like telling people I'm like this. I guess I'm two-sided because I hide my suicidal thoughts/depression/pain and everyone thinks I'm normal. I have people I told about it, but they didn't care, so now I just keep it locked up inside. I've been like this for a long long long time. My father was extremely physically abusive to my mother, whom died 4 years ago to cancer. I hate him. He's scarred me for life. I just don't "fit" anywhere. My family is fucked up, except my maternal grandparents. I can't ask them for help. I posted something about my cousin who got kicked out due to his abusive parents, and my grandparents were no help. They still love us, but they are so pushy. It's a long story and I know I never updated it. 

I just can't get anywhere in life. I have a disability that no one can help me with. I look fine on the outside until you really take a good look at me and see I walk funny because of the pain in my joints. I breath funny. It's so much more than that. I'm in school but it's so hard to get there because I don't have my license because I never had anyone to help me with it but my mom. I'm 21. It's sad. That's what people tell me. Honestly I never cared until now. It's too much on me to take public transportation that I can't afford. I work on campus, but school doesn't start until another few weeks. This is too long. No one is going to read this.

I thought about it for a long time. I've been trying to by a gun but it's hard for me to get to a store. I thought about doing it online and shit. Now I'm like the fuck with it. I'll just suffocate myself. 5 minutes of freaking out/pain is nothing compared to the 10+++ years of depression. Or i'll stab myself. I've done sooooo much research. I just don't want my shitty boyfriend coming home for lunch to stop me. I don't want to be here. I don't fit with anyone. No one will provide me a loving safe haven and help me get through this. There is no physical support. Mental hospitals don't help. Fuck meds, they just hide the issue, not fix it. I used to dream of a mysterious stranger saving me from this world. Now there's nothing. all i love are my pets. idc anymore. fuck it