I don't know where to go from here anymoreI feel absolutely worthless, hopeless and totally in despair. This is going to be a fairly long post so I apologize in advance.

I'm a 23 male. I have body dismophia and anxiety for starters. I'm often told I'm a good looking guy and on the rare occasion I almost believe it myself but a lot of the time I find some flaw that I hate with myself. I keep myself groomed, I workout and can see I'm in good shape, better shape than most guys actually yet I still dislike the way I look a lot of the time. The anxiety affects also in so many ways, the biggest is that I haven't had a proper girlfriend minus one girl who I didn't even kiss at 15. The sad thing is I still care about her even now. I'm not even sure how I'm ever going to date, I never get close enough to any girl and any I feel like like me I get too anxious to do anything about it or approach them.

The worst is that I try soooo hard and yet things keep getting worse. I went to college when I was 16 - 19 and got 2 out of 3 A levels I needed because of all the issues I was having, I went back to college a year ago to finish that last one so I can maybe go to University in a year. Going back hasn't made me feel good infact I've hated it, I've been stuck in a class of 16 year olds who I barely talk to and have no friends there. Although I have the ambition to work soon I haven't been able to work for the last 3 years which makes me awful, like scum and that everyone thinks badly of me of it.

It's not like I don't do anything, I do go to the gym a lot and have trained in Martial Arts for a long time which I still do and I have made a lot of effort to meet up with people and go to different meet ups to mix but I still don't really have any friends, I just have a number of acquaintances who I see within their contexts (like the martial arts for example) but it's not like having proper friends.

I feel like I've missed out on so much and that just makes me feel so suicidal, although I've been to bars before and a couple of hourse parties I've never gone to nightclub, I've never really dated or done the things that come along with that, haven't worked as much as I'd have liked and haven't been to university. The worst thing is I feel like at 23 I must be too old or will be seen as too old to doa lot of the things I feel like I've missed although I feel really young, infact I feel no different physically or mentally than when I wss 17 or 18, don't really look any older either. I just feel like it's too late now, too late to try and date now as a women will think I'm weird for not dating, too late to go to university as they'll all be (by the time I go) 5-6 years younger and I won't fit in.

Sorry for my post being all over the place, I haven't been very clear and to be honest I'm not sure I can be, my mind is all over the place and I feel so suicidal I'm not even sure what to do with myself. Simetimes I think a little positive but it's quickly dashed when I realize all my efforts mean nothing I feel like everyone is judging me, looking down on me and hating me.