I feel like I've done all I can to try to stop these thoughts but nothing works.I've been depressed and suicidal for about 5 years now, maybe a little longer. I will give you all some of my life history. I had multiple parents growing up, most of them all hating each other. I feel like I never really had a place I felt was home. I moved at points in my life where it made school extra hard. I don't have any long time childhood friends because of this. After high school I attempted to kill myself, I hated my new step father, my mom never stood up for me and it made me scared to come out. So all through highschool I had to keep it all to myself and it got to be too much I guess. The night I made the attempt was the last night I have spoken to my mother since.

I moved to my father's house. I still kept my thoughts inside because I was scared of everything. How people would react, would it really make me feel better to transition and worried about how difficult the whole process is. I kept it all in for 2 years, I was getting to the point where I couldn't deal with life and was scared I'd try something again. So I told my step mom first, who had me tell my father because she said she wouldn't be able to keep it from my father. They weren't hostile towards the idea, more worried and confused. We started going to LGBT group meetings, I started transitioning almost right after I came out. 

So it's been about two years since I started transitioning. I got new clothes, changed my name, found a doctor and started hormones, changed my gender legally, etc. I'm happier than I was but it didn't make my depression much better. Over time I've started to hate myself because I feel fake. I feel like people know, I see people stare at me, I've been called names while in the mall and other demeaning things. Sure I feel marginally happy with my body compared to before but there are so many things I feel are harder to do now. I hate talking on the phone, I get misgendered frequently while on it. I could go on forever about all of this. The point is I feel stuck. I definitely would never go back, I couldn't... But I don't really feel like I'm real. 

I have stopped caring about myself more and more. I sit at my computer all day and sleep, that's about it. I was already thin but I've been losing more and more weight. My doctor thinks I might have diabetes too, which doesn't help because if I do have it I'll not care enough to monitor it. I have had social anxiety which has been getting worse. I'm too afraid to even order a pizza now. I feel really overwhelmed with everything right now and I feel like I have no one to go to. My dad already worries about me and his life is so stressful I don't want to add extra stress. My best friend told me a few months ago that I should stop blaming all my problems on being trans, even saying she is jealous of my life. So now I don't really want to approach her with intimate feelings anymore because she doesn't seem to empathize. My psychiatrist even agreed with my friend, which instantly made me feel shitty. I've seen 5 therapists/psychiatrists over the years and none of them have seemed to help. I've been on all sorts of different meds and there isn't really much effect. I'm supposed to make an appointment with a trans-experienced therapist whom my doctor referred me to. It's in Toronto, so I have to pay money and ride a bus and then navigate my way through the huge city alone. I've put off making the appointment because of that. 

Ive been thinking about attempting again almost every night for the last few weeks and I'm scared. I hope that's enough about me for you guys to feel informed enough to offer advice/help. I can always share more and answer questions. 