Just needed to post againI thought today was going to be better.

After getting home from my second session of therapy, I proceeded to have 2 panic attacks (or maybe 1 with a bit of a lull for 15 minutes? I really don't know how to describe it) because of awful shit someone close to me was saying to me. 

I've been manipulated by a family member for 10+ years (talked about it here quite a bit because it gets overwhelming as hell sometimes). I've been made to feel worthless just so this person could have supreme and total power over me. And I stayed in a 2 year long relationship with a girl that has manipulated me the whole time and still manipulates me even though we're no longer together. She leads me on and I know it but I feel like she deserves the power she has over me somehow? Idk nigga I'm fucked

How do you meet good people? Like people who won't use you? I know it's not as black and white as that, but really how do you do it? I've been hard manipulated ever since I was a REALLY young child and only used as a toy for power fantasies. 

I crave actual love. I've never been really loved my whole life, just used for what I was. I really just... want real, actual love. I don't know where to find it or if I ever will find it. And I know I gotta work on myself inside, too, but I feel really lost and just tossed aside. All the people I've loved in my life have manipulated me. This probably sounds like an exaggeration but it's really not. 

I don't have a support group or anything in between my sessions. Really all I have is this subreddit and the kind people in it. 

Overall I just feel alone and misled. I don't know how to go about finding the love I crave? I've been pushed down and abused and hurt so, so frequently for so long. But I still just want love. I know it'll lead me to get manipulated and hurt more, but it's the only thing that seems even remotely appealing about my possible future. Everything else seems bleak and shitty.

tl;dr: I've been manipulated a lot in my life by everyone who I ever loved. I'm a fucking puppet honestly. I just want love and kindness. I want to show love to someone. But alas, I'm still getting fucked over by manipulative people and made to feel like I'll never get what I want out of life. Suicidal thoughts peeking out yet again.