My life.. My miserable life.......I am so sorry for posting this here...  Mostly because I am not suicidal.. Even though honestly.. I don't know why I am not... Mostly just because... Despite everything I couldn't put the people I love through it.. I am so afraid of knives. Guns. Anything that can conflict pain... And I hate pills.. But... I shouldn't. Maybe I should just do it.. End my miserable life... 

I created this as a throw away... Mostly because a lot of people know my regular account. This is going to be rather long and I apologize in advance for this... But I feel like I just need to get it all out. I will probably make many grammatical mistakes as well as spelling errors. I may skip over things and ramble randomly from topic to topic. I am sorry... I have ADD...

I am 23 years old and I am stuck. I am stuck in my own mind. In my own life. In my hometown. I cry daily. I am in a downward spiral and I just cannot stop. I have been to doctor after doctor... To try and help "fix" me... Nothing works. Sometimes the medicine actually makes things much much worse. One medication I took made me suicidal. I suffer from Chronic depression. Anxiety, Panic attacks, Bipolar?... (That one they ruled out though)

The truth of it is, that I do not think that any doctors can help me. There is no magical pill that I can take to make me feel better. Nothing can help me. Talking to people doesn't help... Or if it does it is only temporary... I trust no one. Everyone always leaves anyways. I guess I would rather be alone for the rest of my life than to rely on anyone... At least that way I know that no one can hurt me... Leave me when I need them most...

Why am I like this? Well... Let's see here.... Where do I even begin...
When I was 15 years old I went hiking with a friend of mine. We are both rather tiny girls. Around 4'10"-4'11" both of us.... We were followed into the woods. A rather large man came up behind us and grabbed me by the hair. Threw me to the ground and ran after my friend. Thankfully this girls mother had watched this man follow us and was not far behind. I did nothing. I laid on the ground. I did absolutely nothing as this guy chased my friend. I was paralyzed. This girls mother grabbed her by the hair and drug her back as I shivered... and followed shortly behind. Not a word was spoken about it. But I knew that she knew this guy. She told me about it later. She knew him and had no idea why he did what he did. I knew his intentions though. I knew what he'd planned to do and he would have had my friends mother not come storming in.

Fast forward a few weeks later. My friend had stopped talking to me. I was petrified. I was so scared that I didn't know what to do. I didn't know who to turn to... So I went to the guidance councilor at school. Little did I know that I could not trust them... I should have known that they would have to call my parents.... But I didn't know. I told her everything. I told her exactly what happened. She help me after school. Called my mother. Called my friends mother. Called my friend into the office. She denied everything. Absolutely everything. Including her mother. Why? Honestly? WHY? I do not know. I have no idea why she denied everything. All I knew was that I looked like a total liar in front of everyone. My parents... The guidance counselor. Everyone... So I told my parents and the counselor that I made it all up... So that they would stop judging me. I mean.. They didn't believe me anyways... Well... Except for the guidance counselor. She believed me... But at that point I just couldn't.... I felt so betrayed by her. I trusted her...

Fast forward to when I was 17. At that point I started dating a guy that was completely wrong for me. I had when off the deep end. I started drinking. Doing drugs. He would hit me. Call me a slut. Cheat on me. He knocked me unconscious once... Spit in my face... He guilted me into having sex with him. Told me that if I really cared about him I would do it... I was desperate for someone to love me at that point.. So I did it. I lost my virginity to him. Because I got into the wrong crowd, however... I started hanging with another girl. She wanted to me come over to her place and meet her boyfriend. I agreed. I mean... Why not? We were friends right? I was wrong.. So very wrong. She had lured me there... To her house with her boyfriend and unknown until after I had arrived, her boyfriends best friend. They drugged my drink... Using a webcam they had set up in the room, they recorded as the best friend had his way with me. Me... I cried the whole time. But I could move. I couldn't do anything but cry. I remember every last detail. Down to the song that was playing while it happened... It haunts me. It haunts me to this day... I could do nothing but lay there. I didn't know the webcam was on. Had no idea. I mean I can look back on it and recall the light being on... But I didn't notice it at the time. I only knew afterwards... When I had told my abusive boyfriend about it. He told me I was a dirty slut. That I deserved it. Every last bit of it. He broke up with me. A few months later was when I found out about the video. When he had text me and apologized. Said he had been watching porn when he stumbled upon the webcam video of me. He sent me the link and I got to relive the whole thing over again.... I didn't tell anyone about it... I mean who would have believed me anyways, right? They didn't believe me when my friend and I were followed into the woods.. Why believe my when I'd been drugged and raped at my "friends" house by her boyfriends best friend? I'd started dating a guy my elementary school crush. Everything was actually starting to look up for me... Then my mum got breast cancer. It was bad... Very bad. I had just started my Junior year of high school. I had no friends. Living in a new town. I started working two jobs to help my family out because my mum couldn't work. Someone had to help pay for things.... My little brother wasn't old enough and I had to step up to the plate... I worked two jobs and went to high school. Paid for my own clothes, gas, car insurance, phone, food, everything for my little brother, and tried to help put food on the table for my family as well.... But my mum... Who was my best friend at that point... I had no one else... Kept telling me she was going to die. That she wasn't going to make it. I shut down. I couldn't be around her. I couldn't be there to watch her die. I threw myself even more into work and hanging out with my boyfriend... Well after about a month, it was Valentines Day. I was working myself so hard that I was physically ill. On valentines day I was admitted to the hospital. My boyfriend? No where to be found. I found on the next day on Myspace (yup, myspace.) that he has went bowling with his best friends little sister and cheated on me. On Valentines Day... Not even a month after my mum found out she had cancer... So... We broke up... He got her pregnant.. They married. I had thought he was my soul mate at the time. We could sit and start into each others eyes and it was like the whole world did not exist. Everyone thought we were made for each other. But... We had all been wrong. All of us...

Fast forward to when I was 18 years old. I was working the two jobs still. My mum was still undergoing chemotherapy and radiation. She was still incredibly sick and I was incredibly shut off from everyone. I had pretty much lost it. I would work, go to school, and sleep.

After work one day, I was walking to my car. A male coworker in his 30's, married, 3 kids... Had been waiting for his ride to get off work outside. I walk out. He's smoking pot. Calls me over. I talk about how excited I am to be off. How tired I am because of school the next day... I say my goodbyes and start heading to my car. He decides he is going to come up behind me and start putting his hands all over me. Touches my chest and proceeds to shove me against my car. Tries to make out with me. I keep saying no. Please stop. After saying it about 8 times he does stop. Threatens me and walks away. I get in my car. Start crying.... Drive home.. Crying. This time I do tell my parents everything. They call my cousins, (both of which worked there.) They tell the manager. The manager calls me and tells me I need to come in and make a statement. He was working. SO my one cousins boyfriend take him outside on a smoke break while my cousin escorts me in. I make my statement. They send me home. They had my shift covered. He admits to everything. They call me. He asks me what I'd like for him to do. I say nothing. I do not want him fired. He admitted to everything. He said he was sorry. I knew he had a wife and family to provide for... I didn't want his wife and kids to suffer because of his fuck up.... Stupid me... But they'd said they had to fire him because I'd made the complaint. But I didn't go to the police. I should have.. But again.. Stupid fucking me didn't want to ruin his families life... So fast forward a few months. About time to graduate High School. I decided I needed to get out of my hometown. I just couldn't take it. I put my two weeks notice in and they took me off the schedule. I was pissed. I did everything for them. I literally bent over backwards for them! I needed to save every dime I could before picking up and moving and they just took me off the schedule. So I walked out. I made sure my shift was covered. Made sure the girl had gotten a break.. And I walked.

Fast forward to me living in Virginia Beach. (Stupid.) I was living with a bunch of drug addicts. Barely surviving. But I'd went down on the false pretenses. Promises of great job opportunities. Actually that I had already landed a great job. Not. All lies. They had me put numerous bills in my name. Racked up thousands in my name and sent me packing. Nothing I could do. I know.. I know I know I know... I am a stupid fuck... Stupid moron worthless... Everything. All my fault. I deserved every last bit... I got engaged to a man in the Navy. Moved to Texas where he'd been stationed. Found out that he had been cheating on me. In our own home, while I was literally sleeping upstairs. He admitted everything. Told me he had a problem and that he desperately needed help... I flew back home... To be with my parents. He followed me. Came to my parents. Started yelling at me. Disrespecting me in my parents home. Right in front of my mother.  I cannot remember what exactly for... But... I walked out. I ran out. Got in my car. Got a block away before my mother called me and told me to get my ass back home. That he was my problem... Rather than her just kicking his ass out and telling him never to disrespect her daughter like that. Nope... So I go back to the place where my cousins work. Where I'd been molested in the parking lot. We go to eat dinner. And when I walked in I thought the manager was going to shit himself. I look in the kitchen... And there he is... There is they guy that sexually assaulted me and they had fired... The manager looks at me wide eyed and told me he thought I had moved for good.... Here... He told everyone I'd made the whole thing up.... My own cousins.. My friends I'd made there that knew what had happened... No one... Not a single soul... Stuck up for me. My own fucking cousins...  No one. To this day... I cannot do anything about it to this day.. I mean.. I didn't go to the police and obviously they shredded his admitting statement... I still get facebook messages asking me about it from new hires. I'm known around town as a fucking liar. I mean... Why not right? I deserve it... I am a shit person who deserves everything that I have coming to me... Everything.

Anyways, I am done with his ass. Fast forward again. I'm 20. I meet a guy I'd went to high school with. We fell in love. (Haha! I have quite the skewed perception of love...) Get married. We married for a year and a half before he decided that he wanted to be with a girl in her sophomore year of high school. Decided he never loved me. Asked me to chop off all my hair. Quit my job. It was a couple weeks after Christmas. My parents had bought and installed brand new wood flooring in our living room. I had bought new leather furniture for our house literally the week before. Funny how that all came into play. And then suddenly. Within a week he decided he never loved me? Really?

He wanted the house. The furniture. Everything. He wanted to screw me for all I was worth. And honestly... I was so devastated that I kind of just let him. My mum told him I was keeping the furniture and that was pretty much it... He wouldn't grant me the divorce for about a year. We didn't speak... We had no contact.. But I was devastated. Thankfully the job I'd put my two weeks notice in at understood. Actually they were ready to beg me to stay. I mean I was the store manager. They were freaking out when I'd put my two weeks in. But my second job... The jobs I'd worked at since I was 16... They say that I was emotionally breaking down.. Took me off the schedule. I had come to view them as my family. On homecomings, proms, my wedding.. I'd stopped in to see them... In my outfits... I told them everything. And.. They took me off the schedule. Didn't even have the guts to tell me... Didn't say.. "You are going throw a rough time and we would like to give you some time to sort your emotions out. We are here for you and whenever you are emotionally ready to come back... We would be more than happy to have you." Nope! Just took me off. For three weeks I walked back into that store... Three weeks.. To look at the schedule. Every single person knew I wasn't coming back.. Did anyone tell me? No. Nope. Just let me check for three weeks... Eventually I got the picture. But they still had to walk by to get to the food court. But they started walking all the way around the mall just to bypass me. Like I had done something wrong. Like I was the fucking plague.  I mean... Fuck me!!! Fucking right?! Fuck me...