well here goes nothing I supposewell hi SW. 

Just another fucked up tranny here. I have no where else to vent and even if I say I don't care anymore I guess there's a small part of me that still wants people to see what I'm feeling. I guess the real person to be talking to would be my therapist (who's even nice enough to offer me sessions at half-rate) but I really don't feel like talking to him anymore. 

It doesn't really work and I'm sick of feeling like I'm taking advantage of his kindness even if I genuinely can't afford the full-rate prices. Yeah and no I can't talk to any friends or family because they all pretty much ditched me as soon as I told them what I was, ha. Although some of my friends remain in the dark as to why I don't hang around anymore it doesn't matter. 

They aren't the types to be supportive of a freak like me lol (who is? honestly I feel that everyone is repulsed by trans ppl secretly) and I think I would prefer that my memories of my friends remain untainted by them mocking me or w/e. Even my counselors seem to be disgusted by the sight of me which is more or less what I expected. I don't go to them all that often but since I'm a fucked up tranny they get to pull me down and talk to me every few months or so.

It's very depressing to have lost all your friends on one go, especially if you've known them since elementary. Like I know that a lot of people say there's more supportive people than you think, yadayadayada, etc - but here's the truth: 

The vast majority of this world does not like tranny freaks. They do not. Even in our own "community", the LGBT, we will face hate for being fucked up and delusional retards. Lots and lots of people want the LGBT to be the LGB only, and I can see why they wouldn't want to be associated with disgusting freaks such as myself. 

Not sure why I'm deciding to share this with SW either tbh. Even in this sympathetic community the majority of people think I'm some kind of disgusting degenerate. Don't try and tell me otherwise please - most of the transgendered threads here are lucky to even get two responses. I fully expect this to get little to no responses which I guess I don't mind. Even if down-votes mean nothing I still feel a little sad? unhappy? I guess a word that's less severe than those two but along the same meaning fits what I feel lol. But enough of that, I'm not fucking suicidal because of Reddit down-votes, after all. It's just my body I hate. 

I wish there wasn't as much publicity on trannies as there is right now. Since then there's been an out-pour of hate and disgust against things like me and I never even wished for any of this. I just wanted to try to transition in peace. But I guess I can't change people's opinions to how I want it - but it doesn't make it any less painful. 

Like how when even on the seediest ads people specify how they don't want trannies like me. Not that I didn't expect it but before they would just say "women only". I could at least pretend that they were talking about me then, even if I'd never dare contact them. I could have at least imagined someone who was capable of seeing past how fucked up I am. But now with all the "no trans, bio-female only, real girls" flying around out there even my daydreams seem to have been taken from me. 

Of course, I don't blame anyone for not wanting freaks like me. I suppose had I been in their shoes I would have done the same thing. I don't blame anybody but at the same time I admit that it does hurt. Not that anybody cares but ah well. Such is life I suppose. I hate everything about my body tbh, from my horse like face to high hairline to man-hands to no waist to adam's apple to deep voice - what else could I expect having been born a man? Am I too vain? I dunno - I don't think it's too vain to want to at least pass as an ugly woman. I'm not even asking to be average let alone pretty, I just want to be seen as a woman. 

There are a lot of problems I have with passing in the trans community... and one of them is the oft repeated myth: Oh, but lots of women are mis-gendered! 
That is the biggest fucking lie I have ever seen. Have they ever seen real women? I would say that literally maybe 0.0000000001% of women get mis-gendered - there is clearly a real fucking difference between a woman's face and a man's. 

What's depressing is that I can clock like 99.9999999999999999% of transgender people as well, which means that for someone who is decidedly below these peoples that passing is a real dream. Or maybe I'm not looking in the right places or I'm even more crazier than possible. The point is I'm so moody and angry and sad and whatever the fuck to ever idk. I don't think I can mesh well even with other transgender people because even if I'm a fucking delusional tranny I am not that delusional. 

I guess another transgender person reading this might feel more depressed. I guess I'm sorry for that - sorry for not being as strong as you are. I'm too weak to face the hardships of our lives. Fuck I hate myself. 

At this point I'm just waiting for my parents to die before I do too. I do feel very sorry for them having such a pathetic freak as a child so I decided that I could suck it up until they die. Not that I want them to die, I want them to have long and happy lives. Although I suppose they would be happier if I were gone lol. I wonder how long it will take sometimes. Will I have to wait until I'm forty? Fifty? Ideally I always wanted to kill myself before my thirties. Maybe twenty two - just so I could legally experience everything at twenty-one (not that it matters). I'm not even twenty yet but I feel so restless and anxious thinking about getting one month older. I guess I'm just a big fucking drama queen. 

Ah well. I've shed a lot of tears and I'm just very tired at this point. I'm tired of being a man. Even if I know that genies and wishes and magic aren't real I do find myself sometimes making a really childish and stupid wish from time to time - to just have been born a genetic woman. I tried to stop feeling any emotions because I heard it's healthier for your life but I can't seem to stop feeling this pang of sadness every now and then. 

But mostly I feel numb and tired, almost like I'm under a pile of blankets. I hate and love when I feel sad because that's when I feel the most out of anything really. It's hard to describe I guess it's like a shiver runs through my heart and back all the way to my feet. As there's nothing I can do but be a crude imitation I don't know if there's any point to life. 

People say that it shouldn't be all I focus on, that I should learn to love myself but - how the fuck can I do that when the basis of my disease is all about hating who I am fundamentally? I don't even know what I'm expecting from this post. It's not like there's anything anyone can do and all the "cheer up, it'll get better"s sound like lies. 

I'm not an idiot, I clearly can see that there's no way I can pass you know. And I don't care if tranny is a slur, at least I've earned the right to say it by being one. I don't care, I really don't. It feels better to refer to myself using slurs and w/e, positive shit doesn't really feel right to me. It feels uncomfortable and I don't care how edgy this sounds. If you managed to get past all this crap and vitriol and w/e, then congrats to you. 

Thanks for reading whatever trash this tranny had to say even if you don't care. I don't expect anyone to (but the fact that I keep stressing this point must mean that I'm an attention whore and that there's a small bit of me that does care, yeah?) There's nothing to do but to sleep and dream about a fantasy life that I will never be allowed to even touch. 

tl;dr
just another tranny freak who hates themselves and wishes they could die. 