My whole body just feels heavy...(long post, sorry)Growing up I had a really rough childhood (abusive stepfather and mother, along with pre-existing bipolar disorder, a development of borderline personality disorder and PTSD, and a bunch of other crappy things that happened that I don't feel like typing out atm), which has stunted my ability to relate to others and maintain positive relationships. This basically means I have zero friends. I have a few acquaintances, but we never talk or hang out, so I don't count them. So, for example, my 22nd birthday is in a few weeks (on March 22), and I have no plans. I get to sit at home alone on my birthday with nobody to keep me company because no one likes me. And it's not like I had other good birthdays to make up for it, my mother made sure of that, and I also understand that birthdays literally mean NOTHING, but I wanted to look forward to something for once.  I also work a really shitty job, and since I'm currently the temporary store manager (the main one is on vacation for 8 weeks), my coworkers HATE me (for not being a the company long enough, not being trained properly, not giving into exactly what they want, etc). They already didn't like me to begin with because I'm awkward and I'm not very good at socializing, so the glares I get when I walk in the door and the refusal to speak to me is like rubbing salt in the wound. I'm currently looking for more employment but I live in a tiny town and there's almost nothing besides fast food which would be even worse and I'd take a significant pay cut, and being a self supporting adult living on an income barely above minimum wage, that's not an option.

Long story short, I just want to be done.

I have dealt with suicidal thoughts/attempts for most of my life, but it seems like now that I'm an adult they feel so much stronger. When I wake up in the morning, all I can think about is going back to bed when I get home from work, and while i'm working I constantly think about the plethora of ways to kill myself using things around me. My partner tries to help, but I don't think they know how to handle it properly. I get things like "but you have so much to look forward to", "think about your cat, you wouldn't want to leave him", and "you can't throw your future away" a lot, and that doesn't help me AT ALL because I know exactly what I'm leaving behind and what I'm giving up on, that's the whole point. They also live 23 hours away from me and live in a neighboring country, so it's not like they can just pop on over in case of a crisis. 

I just have no idea what to do because there's still a little part of me that's too scared to actually do anything about my suicidal thoughts, but that voice has been getting more and more quiet every day. I have no one, and I feel like no one has me, you know what I mean? So what's the point?

(TL;DR: almost every aspect of my life is absolute trash, and I want to kill myself because of it)