Stopped my boyfriend/bestfriend from committing suicide this morning. He's in really bad shape. I need help. BAD.There's alot to this story and I don't have much time before I have to go get him from work and won't have internet, so I'm just going to kind of put it in as small of a nutshell as I can. 

My boyfriend and I have been best friends for almost ten years. We just recently started dating again after he broke up with his baby's mother. She is now making his life a living hell. She blows his phone up day and night LITERALLY constant bullshit about how terrible he is, how she's fucking other dudes to hurt him, and how she's going to replace him as a father to their four month old son. She's refusing to let him see his son as well and it's killing him. She shows up at his house, calls, texts, etc all day, all night, repeatedly. He's had a lot of bullshit go on in his life and he literally has NO one here for him but me. He's in a terrible place mentally. This morning he called me and told me he was really in a bad place and didn't think he could stay away from his gun. Luckily I got to his house in time, but he'd taken three valium, three xanax, muscle relaxers, a bottle of nyquil and had a few beers. He was beyond fucked up. He slept it off next to me all day and I made sure he wasn't going to do anything stupid, and when he woke up he didn't remember anything that had happened. He's still telling me his mind is in that place and he won't listen to me when I tell him to cut contact with her. I don't know what to do, and I can't leave him alone, but I can't keep trying to keep his head and mine above water when he won't listen to me. I also suffer from depression and I'm worried I don't have what it takes to fix this. I don't know what to do. I've considered calling the police to put him on psychiatric evaluation but he works 7 days a week and CANNOT afford to miss work. I'm so terrified and stressed. I don't know what to do or where to start if he won't listen to me. Please, someone, help me. 