Almost did it, but I'm leaving this sub for a whileI have been lurking this sub for a few months now, trying to figure it out whether to kill myself or not. 

I'm a 24M and have been struggling with depression and crippling anxiety for the last 10 years or so, I have never been able to fully connect with people and for the last 5 years I've been lying and pretending everything is fine in order to maintain a few "friends" around

Because of that I lost contact with most of my actual friends and the only two people that I've ever been able to show a tiny bit of who I actually am and what I'm going through are gone, one died last year and my GF left me because it was too much for her to handle (I don't blame her, I made my peace with it).

These last few months were a really rough time for me and my dad, we are both struggling with money and trying to maintaining a somewhat stable lifestyle. I few I'm letting him down by not being able to take care of the family, so I figured I'd stop being a burden and leave him at peace to take care of himself and or family. ( two half brothers and stepmom)

5 days ago on the 29th I planned it out, wrote 3 letters (One for my dad, one for my brother and one for everyone else) and went to the roof of my building (I have the keys to it), but I couldn't get myself to get near the edge.

I was there for about 2 hours when I decided to go back and went to talk to my brother, I've made a promise to be there for him when he needs me, no matter what happens, I will be there. That is something that I never had, and I how messed up I am because of it.

I will not kill myself because I need to be there for my little brother, no matter what happens.

Today I had my first appointment with a psychologist and I don't think the suicidal thoughts will go away, but I'm ready to learn to deal with it, without going through with anything.

I hope to never come to this sub again and urge you all to seek professional or any kind of help. Talk to a counselor, to a friend, neighbor, stranger. Whoever it may be, there are a few good people out there, that will try to help you out. I'm in no position to offer much help, but hit me up if you think like it and we can talk