Why I'm hereA few days ago I called the National Suicide Prevention Hotline. I was connected with a very nice lady that asked me a few key questions at the very beginning of our conversation. She immediately wanted to know if I was planning to end my life that moment and if I had a means to do so, like if I had a gun with me or something. I told her no that I was just sitting in my car. She then asked me on a scale from 1 to 10 how do I feel about hurting myself within the hour, 10 being the highest and obviously one being the lowest. At that particular time I was feeling like a 7 but I still had control to some degree over my emotional state. About that time I heard a ring on her side and she told me to hold on one moment as she answered the phone and if I could please wait. I told her sure. I waited a few minutes and she came back and apologize for the wait. I told her it was fine. She asked me if I ever tried to commit suicide in the past I told her once when I was younger around 15. At this particular time I felt like there's no point in trying to hide anything considering I was feeling like ending everything so honesty was basically the only way I was going to say anything. After I told her that she had another phone call and had to put me on hold again and apologized. I did kind of wonder if she was kind of working alone since she was interrupted twice within the span of maybe 10 minutes or so. Totally not her fault I was just surprised that she didn't have more help. When she got back to me a few minutes later she apologized and I told her it was completely fine. For some reason I felt like I had all the patience in the world, I still can't figure that out. She asked me if I had anyone I could talk to or some kind of support group. I told her no I did not. And this is why I am here on Reddit. She told me that I might be able to find some encouragement or a support group here on Reddit. This is my very first post. I've never used reddit before. To be honest I'm still not exactly sure what this is but I decided to at least post this. I would like to make a quick comment about the National Suicide Prevention hotline, the lady I spoke to was very nice and at the end of our conversation though it was interrupted a few times at least gave me a few minutes to think rationally without extreme emotion. For what it's worth it got me here to post this.