I feel so terrible.I wanna end it again. The urge is coming back. I feel it creeping over my shoulder whispering in my ear telling me I need to die. She's gotten in my head again. This morning I mistook my own mother for her and just snapped. (She dies this to mess with me every day) She's everywhere I go, is there every time I try to kill myself (I've tried 22 times), everytime I try to cut (over 1000), laughing, staring, nagging, calling me names, telling me to end it, telling me to harm myself, saying I'm not worth anything, reading over my shoulder, giving her opinions about every single event in my life, coursing me into making terrible decisions. I don't have one moment of peace, one moment of relaxation, one minute to think or zone out because despite my best efforts to block her out to kill the halluncatuons and the voices, she is always there everyday to tear me down and destroy any progress I've made. I thought it was torture before. I thought it was bad. Terrifying even. Sometimes she would try to kill me. Others she would simply abuse me physically. Despite her not being there being there I still felt all the pain, or I would just get super back flashbacks and intrusive thoughts of past events I've tried to forget. But, today it happened again (the worst one yet) I was sitting in my basement and had a complete panic attack where I spazzed out on the floor. She had her hands around my throat and squeezed. I felt like I couldn't breathe. I honestly felt myself losing consciousness. I thought I was going to die. I think I may have passed out for awhile because my dad woke me up. (I came up with some excuse about me being tired) I've tried distracting myself, I swear I've tried everything possible to manage it. The hallucinations, the voices, my BP Depression. Everything. Nothing works. She always comes back. I can't defeat her. There's no point in trying anymore. I've run out of energy, I don't have the fight.

I was thinking of attempting again tonight. The only thing keeping me from doing that is one of my friends. He's been there for me more than alot of people I know. I can't lose him and he said I'm all he has rn. I don't want to abandon him. But, I can't deal with this anymore. Not him hes amazing and I'm thankful to have met him. But, the voices, the hallucinations, the flashbacks, the fainting, the BP Depression. It's to much. My parents wanna pump me full of medicine for the depression and expect me to just smile and be ok 24/7 I can't do it. I can't do this anymore. 

I'm so sorry if this is my last reddit post.
 :(((