Back here again...I don't know if this happened on its own or because I quit the meds that I don't think I need. They all say I'm bipolar and give me these bullshit placebo pills that have hardly done anything. I seriously doubt I am, and so I quit the meds that I don't need. I don't experience the very common triggers, nor do I experience the physiological and emotional extremes associated with that disorder. It's all a misdiagnosis. I know it. I don't care if three doctors agreed with it, it's all wrong. These are the wrong meds and they are going to ruin me.

The thoughts came back. I keep going through almost cyclical periods of wanting to go through with a gender transition, only to completely lose interest weeks or months later. I don't know which side to trust. I was going through treatment for it, but I ended up quitting for some stupid fucking reason. Now it's flaring up again. When it flares up now, it flares up to an EXTREME extent. I can't make rational decisions, my emotions are very unstable, and I become suicidal and engage in self-harm. These periods can last from a week to a few months. I don't understand why it's so intense. I literally cannot focus on ANYTHING else besides the idea of transitioning. The thoughts plague me night and day. It haunts me in my sleep. I'm afraid to go to sleep now. I just can't do it. I don't want this to be any worse. It will only get worse as long as it's not being treated.

I'm almost certain this is going to get worse and it's only the first day of this 'flare-up'. I'm in an incredible amount of distress right now. The suicidal thoughts are starting to come back. I can't relax and breathe. I can't get anything done. It's transition or die. There is no other option.

I won't be able to transition in the near future. By then the treatment will have a minimized effect on me. I was fine before this two years ago. It worked. I was fine. Then I wasn't. I'm fucking done with this shit. I'm done. I want to end it. I don't give a shit about anything else at this point. I don't even know how to do it since anything I could use has been removed from the house after previous attempts. But I know I'll find a way if this gets worse. I don't know where this is going to go and I'm kind of scared. I don't want to end up back in the psych ward.

It's not just this stupid transgender crap that's fueling this. I also have a bunch of other psychiatric problems that are keeping me from getting anywhere in life. My therapist even told me that out of all her patients I have the most problems. Thanks doc. I'm told I shouldn't expect to be able to sustain a real 9-5 job that pays well. It's either part-time min wage servitude or disability. Either way I won't be able to pursue the gender transition. This leaves me with no choice. It's going to end soon. 