Why I want to dieWhat brings me the most joy brings me the most pain. Im not talking about an unhealthy behavior or habit that brings fake relief but instead something real. I was on track to go to school for music and fulfill what I believe I was intended to do in this life but my body won't let me and theres no one to blame but me. I don't feel like telling the entire story of how I've gotten to this point but will instead explain the symptoms both mental and physical which make me want to jump off the golden gate bridge. As a guitarist of over a decade it pains me to accept that my wrist is basically toast. It started years ago the first time I smoked weed. I injured it while stoned from peer pressure with a bad group of people and have been doing that ever since as a means of self abuse to cope with trauma. Moving onto sexual trauma and on a similar note to habitual stupidity on my part. I used to be addicted to masturbating and have basically destroyed my foreskin. Girls ive been with assured me its fine but thats them just being nice to the traumatized musician they can knock off their bucket list. The last physical ailment is gait abnormality affecting my entire right side. From ankle running through my spine up to my neck. Its weird I was marked shortly after birth with a black patch of hair that grew on that side. As of now im at a turning point but don't want to fight anymore. No one notices yet as the conditions are still able to be hidden but progressively getting worst. Ever since I was a child I learned to hide to survive. Im 21 now and still haven't helped myself. Financially, socially, and mentally it makes me tremble with anxiety just thinking about. Ive been held hostage, shot at, sexually abused, tripped way too much acid and just fucked up the only life I had. Mentally I have ptsd, anxiety, and borderline personality disorder. They all suck but if it was just the mental illness I could actually fight. In pain still composing till my dying breath feeling as if I should keep hiding and just end it all. I don't want to hurt anyone but Im hurting so much.