Life is just a video game (and some more ramblings)Sometimes I think of life as a video game. Lets say You are the base version of the game, no mods, no Add-ons, no DLCs. Its playable, but kinda not really fun, and there are just some things that are missing, even though you might not even know what it is. Then there is your SO, your husband/Wife, long-term partner or whatever. Major DLC, adds a lot of content, lots of Joy. (A healthy relationship with) Family is similar, also similarly important, although adding different things as well.

Then there are your friends. There might be a few who are also worthy of being called DLCs, important parts without who the game would suck or be boring as well. Other friends, minor addons or mods. Nice to have, fun to spend some time with, but if theyre missing or never were there in the first place you wouldnt even notice. 

And kinda sucks to be in that last category. Sure, my friends enjoy time with me but I dont really "bring" anything to the friendship circle that others dont do already. When Im gone, the first few days or weeks theyd maybe miss me, but in the end it wouldnt change anything.

____

Also, because thats always the argument: I know it COULD get better. I know if I FIGHT for it I could some day have a better life. There are enough stories and experiences out there that are proof of that. But here is the thing that people who dont suffer from depression dont get:

**I dont want to get better. I dont want to fight anymore.** All I want is things to end. 

I absolutely know that things *could* get better. Things *could* always change. But the driving thing that changes things would be myself and any motivation id have, and that drive isnt there anymore. I have no motivation anymore to do anything, to change anything, all I want is to be done with everything.

Its kinda funny, that in a few weird ways, my depression is both the thing that is the cause of me wanting to die and the thing that prevents it. Ofcourse, in the obvious way that I dont really have energy, but thats not the main thing.

The main thing why Im still here is because I cant manage to keep my apartment clean. And I told myself that when I take my life, ID make sure my apartment is clean and tidied up, so my family or friends wouldnt have the hassle of also washing my dishes or throwing away my trash. Funny how the thought of finally being free of this life can motivate me though, the worse it gets, the cleaner my apartment gets, and nowadays its nearly spotless.

Anyway, if you read through to here, thanks, I guess? I hope my ramblings entertained you a bit, I hope you are doing better than I am.