Long as fuck and poorly writtenHere's the long story short about my life:

I was adopted when I was born because my biological mother was 13. I got adopted into a perfect family, an honest father, great man, who was also a badass (flew F-14's, was the commanding officer of the Kitty Hawk aircraft carrier, always always always did the right thing), an awesome brother 10 years older than me (stereotypical so-cal surfer, "hang ten", "hey brah", "shut up kook" who was was the best big brother you could picture. I remember when I was 7 or 8 he took me to a beach bonfire in Pacific Beach, and he had this girl and her friend (his age) come up and talk with me and flirt with me. I talked about Power Rangers or some shit, I don't know, it's very vivid)).

So, dad died when I was 6, my earliest memories are of him watching him die of lung cancer even though he never smoked, and then 5 years later my brother died, he was shitfaced and slipped off a pier and drowned which is completely fucking ironic because I've never met anyone who loved the water as much as him which makes him a fucking moron idiot faggot unless that Smiley Face Killer cult actually exists and killed my brother.

My mom went crazy subconsciencly took it out on me. Listened to everyone around her, and not me. Sent me away from all of my friends to the preppiest and most athletic school in the US, CMS in New Hampshire. Yeah, I was sad, got made fun of and my ass kicked for being sad, constant public shaming by teachers who were just as fucked up, got gay raped by a teacher (I'm not gay) whatever, you know? Life is fun. Also when I was there ALL of my friends back in San Diego had moved away, so home visits were just as fun.

I formulated a plan to get myself kicked out, it worked. Mom was furious, went to a public school for a little bit, went insane and creepy. Got sent to a boarding school for troubled teens. DGAF at first, got sent to a mental hospital (put on anti-psychotics, locked in white rooms, shot up with Thorazine, strapped to orange beds), completed that, went back to that boarding school. Brain-washed, manipulated,  watch The Cedu Documentary on youtube if you want to know more about that bullshit place, it's too long to explain because its just weird. 

Came home after 2 years of that, still on anti-psychotics. Took myself off few years later, immediately went to drugs. Met my biological mother, made a fool out of myself because I was on drugs. Stole ipods out of unlocked cars in open garages. Turned out Residential Burglary, home invasion, minimum of 9 years in prison first offense because I was a stupid fuck and confessed to everything because i figured it was the right thing to do. fight it for 7 months while im jail (which sucked, but I had a better time in there than both of my boarding schools combined). 

I moved in with a psycho a month after getting out of jail, but it's pretty ironic because when I was in jail I prayed for a girl with red hair, foreign, a legal assistant, who would be jealous to keep me busy and on my toes. I got just that, every criteria (too big of a coincidence for me to ignore) but the jealousy was too much to handle. Broke up with her, she fucked my two best friends in the same night. 

Started dating this alcoholic whore who's idol was Courtney Love. She called me one night, "yeah, let's just get fucked up tonight and fuck all night". "Down." And what happens? I don't drink that much, and she says, "yeah, my parents are going to trip you gotta go. do I need to get my dad?" I blew a .09 driving home, spent the next 7 months drinking in my room waiting to be woken up by a knock on my door taking me to prison for 9 years because I had a suspended sentence. I kept a razor blade by my bed just in case. still was dating that chick, she cheated on me with a 40 year old black guy and a high schooler. feels great.

My probation officer never heard about the DUI because it was out of county. My attorney who had been doing this type of shit for 30 years said I needed to count my lucky stars. 

It's been 3 years. I still drink every day. I still can't find work. Yes I've graduated college. Yes I volunteer. Yes I've done that job for felons thing. There is NOTHING. 

Now I just don't leave my room. Every day is the same. I wake up, lay in bed for 3 hours and fuck around on the internet, try and make music (I suck. I've been making music for 4 years and I'm fucking awful), get out of bed, sit in my chair, fuck around on the internet, avoid facebook and my online dating profiles terrified that someone might message me. Fuck around on the computer until it's dark, turn on phone, if I get a text immediately turn it off and spend an entire day thinking how I'm going to respond, and always respond the wrong way.

Recently I've been getting attacked by something spiritual which almost pushed me out of a window. I know how stupid it sounds. I'm not saying I felt it's hands on me, more so in my head. I've been trying to find paranormal shit since I was a kid, and now for the first time in my life it's actually happening, and unfortunately it's very evil, and very real. Despite all that I've been through, I'm very rational and logical. This shit is actually happening. I don't care about you opinions on that topic.


 I'm pathetic, and I don't want to spend the next 4 years of my life catching up, my entire life has been one big game of catch up. I'm either going to be a sociopathic loner, or an awkward social guy who everyone will internally make fun of and see nothing but faults in. 



I'd rather be neither to be perfectly honest. Suicide is something I've joked about my entire life. I've put cigarettes out on my arm for the past 2 years. Every night before I got to bed I test how long it takes me until I run out of breath, (I smoke 2 packs a day, not that long). I'm drank way too much tonight, and I'm feeling squirrely. 


Just put yourself in my shoes for one second. Don't tell me why I shouldn't kill myself. Tell me what the fuck I have to gain by living. Honestly, it's just too pathetic. I'm 26. I haven't had a steady job in almost 10 years. I live with my fucking mother. I've past what were supposed to be the most fun years of my life. Fuck it man, reset button. I really don't care about anyone else either. I've spent the last 3 years burning bridges. Don't say therapy either, I've been in it since I was 6.

My social anxiety is only getting worse. So is my depression. I really don't see myself leveling up to 27. This isn't a cry for help like most things on here. This is the drunken ramblings of someone who has never had a right head. I don't know what else to do. I really shouldn't be on the 9th floor of this hotel room so far away from my room. 

I don't want to be that guy but...help? 

Seriously, fucking talk shit to me, call me a bitch or a pussy whatever. Let out some frustration on me and try and jumpstart something in my head. Just don't bullshit with me. Be HONEST