This is is I suppose.I was abused when I was young. Emotionally by my mother, it might of just been tough love. I'm not exactly sure. Then I was molested and raped several times over a span of three years. I'm also going to be honest with a topic not alot of people would probably remember but I was bullied alot during that time. I got called ugly too many times to count. I would walk into class to find roaches in my locker, my books spread along the floor. Self harm was my escape for a while I guess. No one ever knew. PE was my hell though I would have to change in front of the other girls. One day I found my locker wide open and my clothes all gone. That one day I told my mom about my dad, I guess things became some twisted mess. We left the day after. I remember my dad walking through the door home early with Taco Bell. He looked at my mom, and he knew something was up. I slept with a knife the last night I spent in that hell house. I was honestly so scared. We had just spent the past few hours packing. When she told him we were leaving, he just layed in bed. I feel so fucked up to say, but I felt bad. Like I shouldn't of said anything. I've spent my whole life trying to please other people. Even to this day, I'm afraid of what's going to come next. I moved to California, fresh start, middle of the 6th grade year. I was a fucked up mess. I knew it was all my fault the way my mom would cry at night, she thought we wouldn't notice. Maybe I took everything away from her, now she works a part time job under the meanest real-estate lady there probably is to support my brother and sister. Do I belong here should I stop trying? I'm just trying to be another girl. Anyone but me. Please. I hate those moments when I realize I took my whole family and ruined it. I was the reason for the divorce. Unlike those parents who can tell their kids it's not because of them, this isn't the case. This WAS and IS my fault. Honestly I wish sometimes that I didn't say anything. I mean, now my brother and sister have to grow up without a dad. And I know how much that fucked me up. I got raped when I was in the 8th grade, by a 19 year old guy named Angelo. I shouldn't of, I shouldn't know etter then to trust being alone with him. He would threaten me, and if I didnt do what he said he would hurt me, and my family or even my little sister. I had always thought of him in such good ways, he knew almost everything about me. He was a lot to me, it was fucking dumb and so naive. I'd like to say I'm okay, but I'm not. Skip to freshman year, I tried to kill myself. A handful of my depression meds and clouded decisions was all it took for my best friend to find me passed out on my bathroom floor. I was admitted into the hospital for days on end. I refused to eat, I knew death was inevitable. We all died at some time or another. Thats when the cutting began again My life probably did matter to some, but at the time I knew, I felt, and JUST KNEW they'd get over it. They'd cry for a while maybe, but ultimately they'd take the pictures down from my wall. They'd box up my blankets, my pillows. They'd throw out my pink cheetah print blanket that I so desperately loved, and still love. I had made it myself in Home Ec. I slept and still do, sleep with it every single night of my life since then. Im sorry, I never really admitted it, but even on my better days I would be subconsciously thinking of ways to end my life. Little things, like look at that knife- and thoughts on how I could do would take over. Nothing else could get in. 3 suicide attempts later, I guess I'm still here. Sometimes I feel like a failure because I can't END MY OWN LIFE successfully. I couldn't even trust my own thoughts at that point. My junior year, I woke up to the last text my best friend sent me. She had sent exactly 132 texts and KIKS. I had chosen that specific night to turn off my notifications. Her parents had been fighting again, and she needed me to come pick her up. The texts slowly got worse, and the realization slowly set in. I had only read 34 texts before I felt the gut wretching feeling, I drove over to her house. No one was home. Alexs car was parked in the driveway, I had snuck around to the back. To her window. Her room was a mess, the view from the window slowly showed me more than I probably could handle at the moment. There was my used to be happy and upbeat bestfriends camera on its tripod she normally would use for filiming, she had always wanted to be a movie producer when she grew up, and the closet door was open. Her dresses were pareted apart, and from the bar hung a looped scarf. It took my minutes to understand. I threw up everything in my stomach. I pulled out my phone, searching for the spare key under the seashell on the porch. Everything was so real as the cold metal pressed into my numb hands when I unlocked the door. I forgot to shut the door behind me, but who cares. My feet were numb, my heart just stopped. Pushing her door open, the room was suprisingly warm. Her phone on the ground in the closet. I was the last thing she had. And I wasn't there when she needed me most. Sitting on her bed, I read through the texts. Her mom had given her dad a black eye, and her dad gave he mother a busted lip and a punctured lung. She was begging me to be awake. I was the last thing she had. And I fucked that up. I couldn't even be there when the person who I spent everything on needed me. I pushed my self to watch the video, the tears in her eyes as she stood there on her knees in the closet, texting me. The sound of her whispering, begging, for me to be up. Thats as far as I got. She was gone, it was my fault. I wasn't there to stop her. I just need to join her. Everything hurts I guess. I have the pills in my hands already. I'm sorry I guess. 