I'm sick of this.I just don't know anymore.

I am currently diagnosed with Bipolar II, with an anxiety disorder and ADHD.  I'm currently out of meds, with no doctor to prescribe them, and no money for copays anyways.  

I was fired from my last two jobs for stupid reasons, and now no one will hire me.  My parents won't and my partner can't help me financially.  I have a pet guinea pig, she's the only thing that even remotely brings me joy, but I can barely afford to feed her or buy bedding.  And if this goes on much longer I will have to put her up for adoption.  I have to buy food for myself and my pet, pay rent, bills and transportation costs, and I have no money.  I was living paycheck to paycheck, and now that I have no paycheck, I can't survive.  

I'm fat.  Maybe not morbidly, but fat enough to be considered obese.  I used to go to clothing stores like Forever 21, H&amp;M, Betsy Johnson, Second Time Around, and The Buffalo Exchange, and try on their clothes.  Even if I couldn't afford it, at least I felt pretty for a few minutes.  But now I'm so huge that even their largest sizes don't fit.  I'd love to be a size 12 again, but most stores only carry up to size 10.

I feel stuck in the relationship that I've always wanted.  I love him, but I just want to sleep and make the rest of life go away.  He's talking about moving in together, whether or not we want to get married, and/or have children together, and I just want everything to stop.  I want to be with him, and I know I want those things, but I can't bring myself to get excited or even stirred about them.

I've been asked to stay away from my favorite indie bookstore, where I used to work, because I go there too much.  I went there too much because I considered the owner a friend, and he's helped me feel better and figure things out in the past.  Now I don't know what to think.  

I'm seriously considering crashing my car in the middle of the night, where no one will find me.  Making it look like an accident.  I have the place picked out.

I don't know what to do anymore.  I'm sick.  And tired.  And sad.