I want to kill myself on my 20th birthday. I’ve had enough.Today after a long drive, I brought home a straight blade razor. I planned on cutting myself again with it but as soon as I got home, I realized it wasn’t in my pocket. Or my car. Or my room. It completely disappeared. I don’t know if that was a sign that I wasn’t supposed to or that maybe I should take matters into my own hands and end it all on the 18th next month. 

I’ve had enough suffering. I suffer from borderline personality disorder (BPD) as well as bipolar II. It takes such a toll on me and I am still trying to come to terms with it. I’m so tired of people generalizing everyone with BPD as a sociopath, or an abusive POS. The last thing I would ever do is willingly manipulate and hurt someone I have so much love in my heart for people and I truly understand and know there are a lot of people that have been hurt by people with BPD. But at the same time, people have been hurt by bipolar disorder as well but don’t talk about it nearly as much. It takes a toll on me every day when I read stuff from people demonizing others with BPD when I know there is a whole community on reddit who like myself, aren’t like that. 

Throughout my life I’ve endured emotional and physical abuse from both of my parents, which my mom also has narcissistic personality disorder. I have no family. My mother is my worst enemy. Throughout my life she has scrutinized, antagonized, and make me feel like I am nothing. I started showing symptoms of depression when I was 11 and tried killing myself. I tried 2 times after that in high school and my freshman year of college. She never allowed me to get help so I struggled throughout school with it. When she found out I checked into a mental health hospital, she shamed me and basically disowned me. I still can’t come to terms with knowing she never has and never will love or care about me, and I am just another chess piece in her life. I am currently unmedicated because none of the prescriptions I have tried have helped and I can no longer afford care (my insurance doesn’t cover and I can’t afford $300 appointments for refills anymore.) it’s like I can’t get a break. My first boyfriend sexually abused and raped me throughout our year relationship, and my second boyfriend also raped me, and beat me every time we argued for those two years. I am so, so tired of history repeating itself. I had to watch my mom, brother and I get beat by my dad and then it happened to me all over again. 

I feel like an absolute failure because I spent 13 years practicing piano competitively just to get into one of the best music conservatories in the country to drop out and get kicked out of my apartment. I now live with my boyfriend and the thought of having to move back in with my mom and dad next month is making me want to die. My mental health is so bad there with them, and when I lived 2 hours away I felt so free. 

The worst part is I have a boyfriend who has spent so much time researching BPD and bipolar disorder to help me to the best of his ability. He is a sweetheart and I’ve never had someone requite the same amount of love I give back, and care this much. But I know how much of a burden I am on him. I know I told him upfront before we started dating but he wanted to pursue a relationship. 

He is all I have. He wants to marry me, grow old and have kids. Watch our careers develop, and get me as far away from my mother as possible. But I feel so so guilty over my mood swings and episodes (which have been terrible lately). I don’t know what to do. I have no friends— never have, and no family. I don’t want to hurt him but I can’t feel like this anymore. I feel hopeless being diagnosed with BPD knowing I will never feel emotions the same as him or anyone else, and I will always feel this empty and depressed. I can’t stop self harming and I probably never will. I will never be successful. 

Idk if this is relatable in anyway. But if anyone suffers with something similar, I could really use some words of encouragement