Every breath is pain, I wish I could be asleep forever. [18M]Hi everyone.

It's been about 3 months since my last post. I got a girlfriend whom I loved very much, she was everything to me and she made me unbelievably happy. We were both extremely happy together. For a while I was really happy and I thought I was going to be okay again.

She cheated on me with her ex boyfriend; she tried to have sex with him. She lied to me about it and then 5 days later in a complicated situation I was talking to her ex boyfriend, he seemed to be a pretty nice guy, and then I asked him about him and her catching up for a coffee 5 days earlier. She went home to his place and took her clothes off, cuddled him in bed and tried to take his pants off. She then told him she had a boyfriend (me) and he kicked her out and hasn't talked to her since.

When I found out that I had been cheated on (this is the second time its happened in two years), I was broken and furious so I broke up with her immediately. A few days later her and I had been talking again and she was very sorry and she kept telling me how it was the biggest mistake of her life and how she won't ever forgive herself or be happy again because of what she did, which as far as I know is the truth. I decided to give her a second chance because I still loved her and we were both so good together, she was my best friend; I had never had a friend as good as her.

Three weeks and a few fights later I had to break up with her, and it was fairly mutual. I couldn't trust her anymore, and she began talking to an old guy friend of hers and she kept refusing to tell him that she had a boyfriend, so I snapped at her (which I believe was within my rights). Obviously the relationship was too unhealthy, I couldn't trust her so I would become angry and snap at her which would hurt her. We agreed to stay friends, which was amazing. This was roughly 3 weeks ago.

Being just best friends with her, while had its drawbacks because of our romantic history, was incredible. We'd have fun, go places with each other, we'd just have lazy days sometimes and watch TV, and I didn't have to worry about her seeing other guys because it wasn't my business. I was happy with her and happy with myself again.

On Monday, my grandfather passed away in his sleep after numerous strokes over the past 8 years. He was very sick and it would have been a relief for him. I loved my grandfather very much, so this news was very upsetting for me. My best friend (ex girlfriend) was really comforting and supportive on the day it happened (grandpa passed away at around 12am Monday morning), but the next day, and ever since then, she has only replied to me with single word responses and really rude attitude. She doesn't message me anymore, she's cancelled on a lot of plans that we've had. I've tried asking what's going on and why she's treating me like this and at one point she said "I've just been having to comfort people all week long and I've had enough", which was fair enough, but all I want is to catch up with her and see how she's going. Anyway, this has also been really hurting, she was my very best friend and I really don't have anybody else other than my parents to talk to (however I'm staying in a holiday house alone for a week), and now she's acting like she hates me and wants nothing to do with me and I have no idea why, and I wish she and I could be how we were a week ago.

I'm extremely lonely.

Today I received my results for my first semester at University. Because I had a lack of motivation I failed two of my four units, and since one of those units, Physics 1, which is my major, can only be studied in Semester 1, I have to wait until next year to repeat it and then progress on-wards. My family have organised a trip to go to the USA which originally meant I was going to defer my studies for that Semester next year, as I'd miss a month of study, however now I cannot defer.

All of this has really just built up over the past couple of weeks and now I just can't handle it anymore, everything horrible is all happening at once and I feel like I'm drowning. All I feel is this pain and the only way I can escape it is when I'm asleep. I wish to be asleep permanently so I don't have to feel this anymore. I've been using mersyndol, which is a codeine and strong paracetamol drug, to give myself a relaxing, deep sleep for the past few days, and I've considered overdosing on it constantly. It seems like it would be a peaceful way to go, like my grandfather. 

I am so alone.

I'm sorry for the humongous post. I had a lot to recap.

Edit:

I can't stop the feeling of constantly anxiety as well. Whenever I receive any messages nowadays or whenever I even think about something confronting like the breakup or being cheated on (which I do without trying to), my heart races and I feel like I can't breathe.

Edit 2:

I just want to thank everyone for the support, it means so much to me that people I don't know can be so kind to me. Just typing about how I feel has made me feel much better already, and knowing that there are people listening is incredible. Thank you.