Planning on finally killing myself this week I'm so tired of this shit. Every month and year my life seems to be getting worse and worse and I can't take it anymore. I've been abused mentally and psychically as a kid by my family and when I thought when I turned 18 and went to college I would finally be free, so there was no need to kill myself. When I turned 18 I wasn't allowed to do anything because my family was manipulate as hell and infantilized me. My mom still cut up my food for me until I turned 12. My family would treat me like I was an idiot and everytime I wanted to make my own decisions they would say no. I wasn't allowed to drive, so I don't have my license. My mom would obsessively call me everyday while I was away at my dorm and would keep me on the phone for a minimum of 2 hours everyday. "WHy DiDnT U jUsT teLL HeR to StOp?!" Because I wasn't able to successfully get a job in college and she had to pay for all of my finances. If I told her to stop calling me less she would start getting an attitude and guilt tripping me. 

 I ended up flunking out of college because one of my roommates the first semester I was in college kept picking on me and we eventually got into a physical fight in the middle of the hall because she punched me in the face. A few weeks after that happened my mom kept telling me to get over it while my old roommate was tweeting that she wanted to kill me and obessesively thinking about what I was doing all day. With that and having to deal with my mother calling me for 2 hours everyday I was just tired and I became extremely suicidal. 

I told my mom I ended up flunking and she started crying. She wasn't crying because of anything I was going through she was crying because it made HER look bad. My mom's boyfriend started getting an attitude as well and one day he screamed at the top of his lungs because I didn't know how to do a math problem. He was like, "YOU DONT KNOW HOW TO DO THAT?!WOW!" They treated me like absolute shit. 

Years of that continued until I got fed up and one of my "friends" helped me to get out of there and across the country to another state. My friend helped me pay to have a roof over my head for a 3 months which I really appreciated, but then she started getting an attitude and flaking on me. I'm not even clingy. I wasn't complaining about what was going on everyday, I gave her space. 

I got a job at amazon and I've been working here for 5 months and I got pulled to the side by two managers and told that my TOT was an hour and a half and they were implying that I must have been not doing shit. I think I accidentally was logged into someone else's account, but when I kept telling them I was working they were just staring at me like I was crazy and told me that they were going to have to send it to HR and HR will "check the cameras", and get back to me. To me that means your going to be fired. After that one of the managers tried to give me an assignment after basically telling me I was going to be fired and act shocked when I broke down and walked off. I was screaming and crying outside because this is my only job and people were just staring and looking the other way like I was garbage. When I went back inside to finish my shift both of the managers were pretending like they didn't see me when I was right in front of them. I'm so digusted. Their still doing it today because they don't give a fuck about what happens to me. When I went to the Amazon subreddit and said this I was meet with downvotes and people telling me to talk to HR and tell HR to check the cameras. These motherfuckers don't give a fuck about me. Their only their to protect themselves and the company. This was my only job and honestly I'm so tired of having to pay to stay alive and be around a bunch of people who could care less if I was dead or homeless.

  It's so fucking heartless. People just have absolutely no empathy for other people unless it's someone close to them. I'm quiet and I don't kiss anyone's ass at work, so I'm fucked. The only ones that become managers are the ones that constantly kiss ass and have no empathy for other people. 

I'm just tired, so fucking tired and I know it's not going to get any better so I'm going to end my own life. At least I'll finally have peace and not be under constant stress 24/7.