21 year old senior college student. I don't think that I could ever work. And I can't change that I did well enough in high school to get scholarships. Along with the financial aid I got from being dirt poor, I mostly got a full ride to my college. The problem is that I'm essentially unhirable. I have depression, severe anxieties, and Avoidant Personality Disorder. My resume is non existent. At my time at college, all I've ever done is go to class and come back to my bedroom. I don't have any friends. I don't talk to anyone. I've never joined any clubs and organizations. I've never volunteered or done research. I don't have any special skills or hobbies. I don't even care about my major. I just defaulted to engineering because I was good at math and science. All I have to my name is an average GPA. I will never be able to do an interview due to my anxieties. Just the thought of applying to internships or job searching immediately brings me to tears and throwing up. I've been in and out of counseling/therapy/psychiatry for several years, but my anxieties and personality disorder are too ingrained in me. Medications haven't helped. My family sees me as someone that's supposed to make something from my life because I'm the first one to go to college. My department constantly sends me emails about available internships/job opportunities. I immediately delete them because there isn't a way for me to do that. My stomach sinks and twists on and over itself. Overhearing how my classmates are doing these amazing things makes me realize how awful and behind I am in life. I can't handle it anymore. I'm an absolute failure. I've stopped trying to overcome my problems, because I can't change who I am. I was supposed to have died when I turned 19, but I didn't go through with it. I'm way past my expiration date, and I can't put it off anymore. I'm slated to graduate December 2018, but I won't live long enough to see it. Even if I didn't want to die because I'm useless and don't to work, I'll have to die anyway because my family has no way at all to financially support me once I graduate.  There is nothing else I can do. No one can fix me or solve my problems. And I can't do it either. I have to die.