I'm too far gone to talk about my problems.I think some people are just born fucked up. Some are born fucked up and happy, like Bill Walton. Some are born fucked up and angry, like most serial killers/mass murderers. Some are born fucked up and sad and that's me. I had never been not-sad a day in my life before I fell in love. People closest to me wouldn't expect that - I've always been the funny one, the optimist, but it's all fake. 

I used to have friends that would ask me what was wrong with me when I told them I was feeling sad (meaning pretty much on the ledge already), as friends do with each other, but whenever I would take down the wall and expose myself, I've always been ghosted. People don't want that from me, and they don't expect that from me. I don't blame them, my brain is hell and I'm a lot to handle in a good mood, let alone the depressed mood that I am when I'm alone. I have moments where I can smile and enjoy my day, but it just takes a single creeping thought to completely cripple me for weeks on end. I don't want this. 

I met a girl and we fell in love. From the first day we met, we spent a week straight together, and when we were together (or whenever she was on my mind) I didn't have a single sad thought. It was real and genuine happiness. She met my mom, I told her she was the one. I met her mom, and I told her that her daughter was the greatest person I had ever met. When we went to bed, I couldn't go to sleep quickly because I just fantasized our lives and smiled towards the ceiling realizing that I was finally a normal person, that my life finally meant something to another human being and that was incredible. I loved feeling loved, I loved being in love, and I loved everything about her, and I loved that she loved everything about me. 

I caught her talking to other people multiple times throughout our relationship, and one time she sent me a picture in a bra that she bought that day and another guys shoes were in the background. I heard from a mutual bar friend that she was talking to another girl when I wasn't around. She was scrolling through her apps once and had Tinder and Bumble installed. I quickly forgave her for all of this, because I was desperate to hold onto the only joy I've ever had. 

About a month ago I walked in on her and her best friend hanging out in her apartment. We talked outside, I asked if he knew I existed, she said no. I kind of snapped at this point, I realized that the way I felt about her were not the ways she felt about me. I realized that my happiness was built upon a lie. I walked into her apartment, introduced myself, he started calling her babe, his stuff was all over her bed. She started hitting me, rightfully to some, but to me I couldn't understand this. I had never treated her wrongly, I had never abused her or tormented her. But here she stood, a foot shorter than me, punching me in the face, choking me, and I couldn't process what was happening. I left and that is the last time I ever saw her.

I see all the red flags in our relationship now that we're no longer together and I can process every event in our relationship. How we were together for 8 months and I never met ANY of her friends, all the other guys in her life, the lies about past relationships. I no longer have love for her, but I don't think I will ever be able to get past the betrayal that I feel. The pain this has caused me is worse than my life before I met her. What could cause a person to be so evil, to purposefully hurt a person that puts them first in life? She laughed at all my jokes, so she wasn't bored. Our sex life was incredible, so she wasn't unsatisfied. I'm tall, good looking, smart, funny, not openly depressing, and the world has told me that this is not supposed to happen to people like me. I did everything right after doing everything in my entire life wrong before I met her, and it still wasn't good enough. I wasn't good enough. 

I don't know where I go after this. It's a month past and still all I feel is pure fucking pain. I cry endlessly, I don't want to leave my bed, I stopped going to class, I don't know who I am. I knew who I was before. I was sad, but I had goals, I had dreams,  I wanted to fall in love with someone that was able to love a weirdo like me. Now I realize that I will never be enough for people. Any friends I might make, I won't be good enough for them for me to be able to talk about my problems with another person. Any person I think I might want to date, I won't be good enough to have their loyalty, I won't be able to trust that they will never hurt me the way I hurt now. 

In the end, I wish I didn't have those 8 months of happiness. I wish I never experienced love, I wish nobody made me feel loved. I want to be unapproachable, I want to be someone that nobody wants to encounter. I want to be alone, underground, in a box. I have no dreams, I have no goals. I'm a vessel of depression and I want it to be over with. There is this ledge I sit on sometimes, on a road overlooking the whole city. I see cars, driven by people that are probably in love. They have contacts in their phones, they have people that care about them, they have people that depend on them. I will never have that. I will never be able to be happy because I now know what comes afterwards and it's not worth it, not for me. I never attempted suicide before because I just figured hell, my mom is old, I'll just wait until she goes to spare her the pain of burying her youngest child. Now though, I'm so fucking broken that I want nothing more than to leap from this ledge, break my fucking neck, and just hope that my mom knows that I loved her. I don't want her to hurt and I'm sure if she knew the position I was in now, and throughout my entire life, she would want me to stop hurting as well.