Everyone in my life wants me to keep living... except for meI hate knowing that everyone around me wants me to remain alive more than I do. It almost feels like a cruel joke to me: out of all the people who should feel like my life is actually worth living, I constantly find myself at the bottom of the list. I can barely remember any time at all that I was genuinely, truly happy.

My parents divorced when I was only 6 or 7 so I grew up without a father figure and was constantly put in the middle of their fights. My dad was never very affectionate when he’d occasionally get to see my brother and I and when he did, he was never really “there” even when he physically was, which only seemed to be part of the time. The same mother who told me how hard she and my dad both tried to have me because of how much they wanted a son emotionally and sometimes physically abused me for most of my life and has always been a constant rollercoaster ride to live with due to her own problems that she’s never properly dealt with. I was bullied for years in school because I was the shy nerdy kid who just wanted to be left alone to read by himself. I was sexually abused multiple times by my ex-stepfather and never told anyone about it for almost a decade because I thought that if I just pretended like it never happened then it would simply go away, when instead it probably caused severe irreparable damage. The only real friend I had for half my life became more and more manipulative and mean as time passed so I had to part ways with him after finally having enough. And now, after trying to kill myself for the second time in my 24 shitty years of life, I’m in constant agonizing pain which has only gotten worse every day since and may be permanent.

I fucking HATE the saying “What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger” because if that were true, I’d practically be Superman by now. I’m more depressed, more frequently suicidal and just generally miserable than any other person I’ve ever met because I’ve probably been through more hell than the average human experiences in an entire LIFETIME and it’s worn me down to the point where I feel like Robert De Niro at the end of “The Irishman” where he’s so old and unable to do anything that he literally has nothing to look forward to and is just sitting around waiting to die. I’ve been fighting against this godforsaken mental illness just about my whole life that is actively trying to end it without a break, trying to do everything I can to be happy, and yet every time it feels like I’ve finally gotten to the end of the tunnel and can see the light, my depression comes back in full swing and everything goes dark again.

I’m still alive but I feel dead just about every day. I simply survive, growing older and hating my life more with each passing year because I’m the only person in it who can’t enjoy it. I’m sick of this life of nothing but pain and disappointment that I‘ve never been able to escape from, whether it’s trying to improve it to make it better or trying to take myself out of it when the prior method never seems to work. I’m so tired of fighting a constant battle that I’ve never been able to win.