My Story, And Why I'm Depressed.Many people see depression as a selfish. Maybe if you hear my short story you will understand my situation more and why I'm thinking about doing it. My name is William and I have been depressed for many years now. I have been separated from family and friends because of a stupid incident. One day after school when I was just trying to play with my friends some guys came up and started being very aggressive to me when all I was doing was sitting at the courts with my friends. They didn’t realise I did martial arts and I ended up hurting them allot.. My mum was terrified by the whole experience and ended up sending me to live with my grandparents. Up until this point I had been in and out of hospital a few times but this was enough for her…. I begged her day after day not to send me but she refused to listen. She had bought me a ticket and kissed me goodbye like I was nothing. The time I was traveling to by grandparents’ house I considered suicide many times. I just put my earphones in and turned myself off completely. She paid for a very expensive flight for me it was business class. This made me even more angry as she could afford to get rid of me but hadn’t taken me on a holiday in years. As I was headed to my grandparents I remembered how posh they were and how they will try and change who I am. As I got out of the airport they hadn’t even bothered to collect me. I whistled for a cab and it looked very dodgy. At this point I was worried that even my grandparents didn’t want me. I was looking forward to getting to a bed so I just went with it. What happened next you will not believe. This just destroyed me as a person. The house was massive. I had never been to my grandparents’ house but they had visited us. Is this the type of place they really want to send this cool cat? I looked at my kingdom I was finally there To settle my throne as the Prince of Bel Air. I am writing this part so that you don’t instantly read the bottom line and spoil my fun.