He put me through so much trauma, but I still remember our anniversary.I haven't seen him in 2 years since he abandoned me for the second time, but I still remember all anniversary. January 9th 2016. 

I remember everything that had happened, but when I think back to it it all feels so fake. I always thought I was just delusional, because how can the person I love hurt me? I always thought I was over-thinking it all. But I wasn't.

He put me through multiple traumatic experiences, and to this day I can still quote every mean thing he said to me. I was only 12 when he first started hurting me. 15 when he finally actually abandoned me. To this day I feel horrible and I can't do things without thinking about the rules he forced upon me and resisting to do it.

I only recently got into a healthy relationship but I am paranoid.

I've been going through my old drive to see old photos and I stumble upon file that has his name on it. I click it and what I see brings me back to the days he abused me. 

From top to bottom it's just screenshots of him sexualizing my child like body and abusive messages he would send me. Threats. Demands. Rules. Arguments we'd have when I was step out of line or the days he would basically rape me, I'd tell him I was mad/uncomfortable and he'd get so defensive and abusive.

I don't know what to do. I want to go to the police but I'm afraid. What am I afraid of though? I would win the case. He was 15-18 and I was 12-15. Technically making it illegal as soon as he turned 18. 

Am I afraid that my family would not support me?, Am I afraid my mother would kick me out? (She has before when she THOUGHT I was doing it with a boy), Am I afraid that I won't have anyone to hold me in the trials that may take place? Or am I afraid to see his face again?

I don't know what to do. I feel sick to my stomach. I want to cry but I don't want to at the same time. I want to hide. End my life. ANYTHING TO MAKE ME STOP RELIVING WHAT HE PUT ME THROUGH FOR YEARS!

I just want my head to stop screaming at me. I want to forget his voice. I want to forget where he put his hands. I want to forget what he did. I want to forget everything that happened. I want to forget his full name. I want to forget his address. I want to forget everything.

I want to forget our anniversary.
I want to end it, just do I don't have to think of him.

I don't want to feel this way anymore. 
I want it all to stop. I want it to go away.
Make me forget. I want to forget.
I want to die, so he won't be able to hurt me again. 

I've written too many suicide notes as a child, when he was in my life. 3 suicide attempts while he was in my life and I'm still here. No child should be raped. I should not have been raped. Abused. Hidden when I was covered in cuts that spelled out his name because he wanted to claim this body of mine.

I'm still only a kid, and I'm writing on a Reddit page. How childish am I.