I'm 27. And I want this hell to finally end.[edit] the initial crisis was averted for now. I will try to get some rest, it might help me clear my head. Thank you guys. *Thank you for being here for me.*


---------------------------------


I.. I think I just can't handle this anymore. I'm 27, and I think I want this to end. Excuse my grammar please, English is not my first language.

Long story short - one year ago, in November my boyfriend of 6 years suddenly told me he doesn't love me and moved out one month later. I've begged him to give me another chance, and he told me we'd try dating. We did. The usual things; going out, seeing a movie, occasional sex. 

Little did I know, I got pregnant in January (and I was on the pill, religious about it too - never missed it even once my entire life). My job at the time was horrible, I was constantly stressed, ate terribly, vomited, slept 2 hours a day. I thought it's nothing but stress, till a single evening in March; I fainted in the shower, woke up covered in blood. I knew immediately when I saw it - I miscarried. Never saw a doctor. And haven't told my "ex" (since he never had the time or wouldn't talk to me, if I tried to be serious) until about a month afterward, when I learned, he's seeing another girl (a lot younger than me, still in college, living 200km from where we live), and he's been seeing her since January. I was in shock, totally and utterly alone. I couldn't handle it, and I told him. 

He told me he'll brake up with the other girl, and help me recover. I let him do that. I'm not sure how this happened; I was mostly numb and oblivious to reality from the medications I took to ease the pain, but I went to bed with him. And got pregnant again in May. I never stopped taking the pill, I don't even know why. My gynecologist said this happens after miscarriage, hormones are high and crazy, "nature will find its own way" and stuff. And maybe he's right - I don't know.

The thing is.. my left ovary got fucked up because I never got things checked up properly. I had a tumor. And it was removed in August. Along with my ovary, and the second pregnancy, since it was a threat to my life at the time. I'm permanently damaged. 

My ex told me, he will help me, and take care of me. This lasted less than two weeks; he became distant, cold and verbally aggressive after that. He was still seeing that other girl. 

I was in pain - psychic and physical - but I thought it's normal, since I had a pretty serious surgery.

In November, during the normal check-up, my Doctor found another cyst, on the remaining, right ovary. I had it checked, it's a tumor. Pretty serious one, as I am told. I will probably go through another surgery, and chemo. I will never be able to have my own kids.

I had no one I could talk to, so I called him. 

He told me, he will help me. He told me, he will stop seeing the other girl, so he can focus on things at hand. I believed him, since I am a fucked up idiot. He never stopped seeing the girl, texting her (even on my god damned birthday), etc. I found out, we had a huge fight, I wanted to stop talking to him, erase him from my life, but I can't - since we work together, and I can't find another job. 

Few days ago, he told me it's time to be serious, and that he is going to see the other girl, tell her everything, and end the "acquaintanceship" in a definite matter. 

He is with her now. I don't believe he will do what he said. I know he won't. I know I will just be lied to again. I just want this hell to end. I can't stand the pain of losing two children. Don't get me wrong - I'm a firm pro-choice supporter. The thing is... I had no choice whatsoever. I WANTED a family, since I never had a proper one, when I was a kid. My mom died of cancer when I was 5. Father became an alcoholic and pretty much ruined my life. 

And now I was lied to, betrayed, used, and FSM knows what else, by the person, I lived with for over 5 years, and never, EVER, saw this coming. I think I still love him though, and I know how idiotic that is. I hate him at the same time too. 

I'm an atheist. I know I will end myself permanently, I don't believe in afterlife. 

I want to die. This is just too much to bear. 