I just want to destroy my whole bodyMy mind is fucking racing, is it fucked that I can self harm in front of my family with them just thinking I’m retarded? Like earlier I hit myself and my mother just said that I was acting like an “Autistic kid”. Oh who cares, I just want to punch my face until it swells and bruises, punch my stomach until I vomit, cut my face, legs, and arms until my whole body turns into a scar, i’m already a scar on others, why would they care? It’s the norm for them, it’s the norm for me, I might as well turn my whole body into a fucking human bruise to show how others feel about me, they never gave a shit, they never tried, they are so unwilling to help that they take “cat scratches” as perfectly horizontal cuts. Why bother, why bother caring if I cut my face, why bother being afraid if my mother sees my whole face fucking swollen, bleeding and fucking purple.

No one cares, people online have shown more care for me then my family and friends ever have, even people online pretend they care, so why should I care. I’m expected to be a fucking perfect jewel in everyone else’s mind yet I can’t be that, I can’t, I just can’t do anything in order to make anyone happy, all I’ll be useful for in the future is contributing to fucking taxes for a corrupt fucking government. I don’t want to live for others, I don’t want to be alive, I didn’t ask for any of this shit in my life, I HAVE NO CONTROL EVER. My thigh is fucked from cuts, inscribing words as if I’m my own fucking stone block, just writing shit all over my self. I have no worth to anyone, no worth to anything except for maybe some fucking microbes living on my body.

All I am and will ever be is a burden to everyone, just a number, just another fucking robot working for 60+ years of my life away and pretending I’m happy. My looks are just fucked, my fucking ugly teeth, slightly ginger hair, a disgusting fat fucking body, my whole body is just like a 5 year old drew me on a canvas, and unfortunately came alive from that drawing.

I have tried suicide over 5 times just this year, each time it fails it just drives me further to suicide, I hope death comes to me soon, I hope I live in pain for my last hours just fucking feeling all the pain I deserve, all of the words, pain, and everything else that I deserve. I deserve nothing but death, that’s all that I’ll ever deserve. I am a burden to everyone and deserve NOTHING, absolutely nothing. I’m a horrible person for trying to open up to people about how I feel, trying to bring my problems on other people, how fucked am I, how stupid am I. I hope soon comes the day I get to say goodbye.