I'm ruining my dad's life by existing.I'm worthless. I'm nearing 30, and I've been depressed since before my teenage years. Had to drop out of high school and never had a job. I'm ugly and gross, I'm boring as fuck, and I've obviously never had a boyfriend. Used to have lots of acquaintances and even a couple of friends via common hobbies; Now they're all gone, scared away by my depression, and I have nothing and no one. I'll never know what it's like to have a job. I'll never enjoy having dinner, laughing and feeling perfectly content with a good friend. I'll never know what it's like to be loved. I'm worthless in every way, of no use to society or any other human being. I hate myself. I hate being alive.

My father is the kindest person one could imagine. He's retired, but he's doing all he can to help me financially as well as with practical stuff. Shopping, making phone calls and such, all while I'm busy crying and lying in bed 23 hours a day. He shouldn't have to do this. He should be free to travel the world, drinking whisky with his pals, and enjoying his life without worries, not spending his days taking care of his adult daughter who is less independent and intelligent than a six year old. I'm ruining his life.

I don't know if he'd be sad if I died. Maybe a bit, at first. But in the end, I'm sure he'd be relieved above anything else. At last free to be happy and live his life the way he deserves. I could definitely see him under circumstances where I'd be gone. Traveling, laughing, carefree and relaxed.

If I could choose, I would like to want to live. But life is what it is and it's too late, too impossible to change it. And I realise that by keep living, I hurt the only person who ever cared about me. To not die is the most selfish thing I could do.

I don't know.

It's so fucking easy to walk over to the balcony door, open it, and jump. It'd be over in a second. And yet, it's so fucking hard. But that seems to be me. Worthless at living, worthless at dying.

I really don't know anymore.