Troubling time, seeking someone to talk to before it gets any worse, preventative measures.Long story short, I was an ass to my girlfriend and she dumped me. We are friends now but it’s not the same and I really just want to be back in a relationship with her. I can’t sleep, I don’t have an appetite and I’ve lost a lot of motivation. I feel like I’m just falling apart. It was about 3 months ago now that this had happened, we were dating over a year and we both thought that one day we would be married and have children with bright futures.

My college work is slipping. My first semester I intentionally failed English 1302 Advanced College Rhetoric in order to grade replace it thinking nothing of it. Now I have failed College Algebra. I’m not dumb, I was top 10% of a 6A high school in Texas, I just have no motivation to do my work and it’s scaring me. I feel like I’ll never accomplish any of my goals with my current 2.8 GPA and I’ll never get into law school. I’m losing friends and I don’t necessarily have the best social skills to branch out and meet new people. I drink to go to sleep and very rarely does it work. I’m heavily addicted to nicotine and can’t get off of my Juul. I go through a pod in a day or 2 ( 1 pod = 1 pack of cigs) and I’m afraid it’s all going to catch up and hit me at once.

I feel like i would be much happier if I had someone to talk to. I miss my ex so much and I just want to be back with her. She was a perfect match for me and i completely fucked up everything. I took on a car payment adding stress and I just took it out on our relationship and destroyed everything. Not to mention I also wrecked that truck about 2 weeks ago, perfect representation of how that truck affected my life; complete wreck.

I really just need someone to talk to who isn’t going to get tired of this, who won’t tell me to just cut her out of my life and move on, I need someone who understands what it’s like to have everything fall apart at once and not know where to begin feeling better. If it makes it any easier I am a Christian but I don’t feel like God has ever been on my side. I just want to put an end to these feelings now before they evolve into something worse. I have a family history of clinical depression.

TLDR; life is falling apart and I’m trying to feel better, preventative measures before it reaches a point of no return.