I just don’t knowI’m not really sure why I’m posting today.   I’ve asked for help in the past and now feel more hopeless than ever. I feel like this is my attempt to let someone know that I was struggling. I have worked so hard the last few months trying to get everything in line financially for my wife.  I distanced myself from my family, and did things to make them angry with me so it makes this decision easier. The reason I know it’s time is that I don’t have any other emotion left except for anger that I don’t understand. I have worked as a nurse for 6 years now both in the ER and now recently in Endoscopy. I left the ER because I felt so hated and was tired of being treated like I don’t matter. I was the hardest worker in the department there is no doubt in my mind, but for some reason my coworkers would lie about me and say that I didn’t do my job well. I spent lots of time with my patients and their families trying to help them cope with their losses or tragedies all while deep down inside I felt jealous that I was still on this earth. I finally gained the courage to find a different job and try to change my life.  I don’t know what I do or what’s wrong with me but I’m starting to see the same thing happening in my new job.  I’ve been through the cycle of “Try this medication” and when it doesn’t work try to pull the pieces together enough to try another.   All I can think about is stopping this endless suffering.  I know my wife will be okay because her brother lives in our basement and can help her with the house and any future expenses that come in the future.  I made sure we have enough money in our account to pay for a cheap funeral but at this point I really don’t think anyone will attend.  The nurse in me has evaluated and re-evaluated everything I’m struggling with and I have tried to break the cycle of my family.  I lost 3 uncles to suicide and today I become the fourth. My father died of an extremely rare blood cancer 10 years ago at the age of 53, and I lost my one year old boxer dog 3 months ago to a rare cancer as well. I didn’t have children so he was my child, he was the only thing that’s kept me alive and he is gone.   My wife, I think she is better off with me gone.  I’ve caused her a lot of difficulty trying to solve why i’m struggling and her frustration with me shows. I think she will have a deep sigh of relief after a brief sadness of me passing.   I have formulated my plan, being a nurse gives me extra insight on how to do it and make sure it’s completed. The only thing I’m struggling with today is that I’m a Christian and believe in God and Jesus. I know that according to the Bible I am going to hell for my choice if there is an afterlife.  That’s probably what has delayed me these past three months but now I just don’t even care anymore. Anything to get out of this life. Thanks for reading if you made it this far.  