Years from now I won't even remember how I'm feeling today, right?So I don't really know where to start here. I'm not bothering with a throwaway because I'll probably feel better tomorrow and delete this post or something, that's how it always seems to go, but I definitely could use a space to rant where people will actually read it.

To start with, I'm 18-years-old, a recent resident of Nevada and a student at the state college, and I live with my mom and my boyfriend. I grew up in a wealthy area of Southern California and until I was about six I had like a really perfect life.

My parents split in 1999, and my older sister (and only sister) got really messed up by it. She probably already had issues, but this is about when I remember things getting dramatically worse. She was 7, and she abused me every day of my life, both verbally and physically. When she reached her early teens she began verbally abusing my mom as well, who had depression to begin with. My mom spent several years unemployed and then went to school to become a certified teacher for K-8 in California. No one would hire her though because she wasn't young and bubbly and we kept living off the money her parents put away for her before they died.

Eventually my older sister completely flipped her shit and the abuse got so bad the police were called several times. My mom decided she should be sent away to boarding school in Arizona and was so overwhelmed she didn't even stop to think about whether we could afford it or not.

Meanwhile, on my dad's side of the family, my dad's business was doing badly and his mom, my grandma died of breast cancer. He also has some severe depression and anxiety disorders, so growing up around him gave me my own anxiety. I was told every other weekend when we would stay with him that the world was a dark scary place and everyone just wanted my money and to screw me over and/or rob/rape/kill me. I also developed a severe phobia of earthquakes growing up in the aftermath of the 1994 Northridge quake.

So in 2007, my sister was at school in Arizona and things were turning around for me. I got kinda YouTube famous and met my boyfriend online. I tricked my mom into taking me to Las Vegas to meet him, and luckily he wasn't a creep, he was just a lovable 16-year-old (though not without his own slew of family and financial problems). I was 14, and I lost my virginity to him in a public bathroom at a park.

I spent the rest of high school in a long distance relationship with him, and it was hard and expensive. My cat (I don't know how to explain how big a deal this cat was to me, she was my baby, my everything) died on December 19th, 2009, and on the same day my dad decided to write me a very long message on Facebook about how I'm the worst daughter ever because I didn't come visit him one day when I had a lot of homework to do, and then proceeded to block me. I haven't talked to him since. My sister came back from school my sophomore year and seemed better for a while, until my mom tripped and broke her arm putting on her pajamas, and then something broke in our dynamic and my sister abused us both worse than she ever had before.

After one particularly bad morning, I told my counselor at school about the situation. After two horrible weeks of dealing with terrible police officers, a social worker showed up and sent my sister to go live with my dad who originally would not take her. I have not seen her since.

At the end of my junior year of high school, the shit hit the fan financially and we couldn't afford the little glamorous lifestyle we had in California anymore. I said goodbye to my life and moved to Nevada. At least I would be near my boyfriend.

I graduated from high school friendless, my only real friends were still in California, and my boyfriend's mom kicked him out of their house. We were still shit poor but we took him in anyway, thinking it would be temporary.

Well, now we're living off of the money my parents put away for me to go to college on, and part of it is almost used up. I'm still practicing to get my drivers license so my mom can't get a job until I pass the test, no where will hire me or my boyfriend, and he doesn't have any other friends he could stay with. If the three of us all died, prettymuch no one would notice. The houses next to us on this street are all empty. We'd decompose before anyone ever noticed we were missing, if they ever did at all.

I phoned my grandpa the other day, my dad's step dad, because he's the one other member of my family besides my mom that doesn't absolutely hate me. He said he'd fly us out there in January so he could see the whole family together again before he died. When I told him I didn't think I could plan a trip like that, he took it to mean I didn't want to come, and then told me he wished he could have seen all of his family more before they all died horrible, tragic young deaths. That side of the family is wonderfully talented at guilt tripping, by the way. So now I pretty much HAVE to go, especially since my grandpa implied he was dying. 

But I absolutely cannot see my sister again. The thought of it gives me a panic attack. I never want to see her again, ever. I never want to even be in the same building as her. I can't deal with it, I just can't. I spent four hours crying hysterically tonight just thinking about it.

And then he says he'd be willing to let me spend some of the money he put away for me ONLY ON COLLEGE. And we've been living off of that money, so he'll be really upset if he finds out how much we've spent just to not starve to death. 

And now that SOPA and PIPA are going on, I won't even have my YouTube channel for much longer, and it's the ONLY way I'm making ANY MONEY AT ALL right now. Even if SOPA and PIPA don't pass, it's prettymuch inevitable that something of the same scale will eventually, considering all the lobbying going on.

Everything just seems hopeless. I'll have to go back to a family of people who only want to hurt me and make me hate myself. My mom, my boyfriend and I will run out of money by the end of the year. I don't even have my hobby to keep me sane for long because the internet is probably going to go to shit pretty soon.

I just feel like it would be better for everyone if I were to die in a car accident and someone else was totally at fault for it. Then I wouldn't have to see my family ever again, my mom and boyfriend wouldn't blame themselves for anything, and they could sue the driver for enough money to live on for a while longer. If the person who killed me actually really was at fault for it, then my death wouldn't ruin another person's life who didn't actually do anything wrong. It would be a way out that would benefit everyone.

I can't just make that happen though. If the person at fault would really be 100% at fault, I can't tweak the odds at all. It just has to happen organically.

And honestly the odds of that happening are slim. I'd actually probably have better luck finding a job. Ha. That's a funny thought.