My best friend is suicidal. Please, help. What may I do - now?I do apologize for maybe weird English, was in hurry writing it and it is not my native language.

I did read a lot of these "advices on how to behave with a suicidal person", so it is not what it is about and it is not about "be there for your friend" simple advices - the advice I require is about how to act and what to expect. Here is information:

1. My friend is constantly saying he is tired of life and that he is lazy. He has a large periods of apathy where it is difficult to convince him to even go outside and walk.
2. My friend is extremely suicidal (no attempts, however mentioning he "almost" did do it and saying he would've been glad if it was accidental). He does not engage in risky behavior.
3. His mood swings rapidly and strongly. Very strongly. He goes from normal to angry/sad/emotionless-yet-hopeless without any triggers and his suicidal-stance-without-emotions-and-with-extreme-tiredness-emotionally may last days.
4. When suicidal, he keeps saying he hates existing. He may have some guilt about something and he may be hopeless about various things and he may have conflicts with his family, but all of this is not the key unfortunately. He mentions that he hates sounds and maybe thinking etc and that his "dream" is to be nothing in an endless void.
5. He is not religious. When suicidal, he just says that he wants to stop existing, and if there is any afterlife all he has to do is to kill himself again and again until he is nothing.
6. I am the only person close to him. I am VERY supporive and spend many hours with him every single day, but I feel incredibly powerless when he has suicide-apathy periods because no rationality, no kindness, no affection work at all. He has no other friends and he hates or dislikes or barely tolerates his entire family. He has a few cats but he doesn't really like them either and they are more like family cats.
7. It is a long-distance-friendship. We are in different countries. He is a young adult - 20 years.
8. He hates working but would not accept my suggestions of not working at all so I may just work instead and give him money. Even when not working, he still has suicidal thoughts sometimes.
9. He did visit psychotherapeut once by my request. I would push for more once he slightly recovers because in his current state he would not accept any help whatsoever, he even refuses to buy medicine prescribed to him (not anti-depressant, just something to treat mood swings).
10. His main suicide-idea is extremely dangerous because it is about a train instead of anything maybe-surviveable like wrists or any overdose.

So yesterday I was barely able to talk him down from his strongest wave of suicidal thoughts yet. I did ask to wait for a month+ and he did agree but initially he wasn't going to give it even a week. Even a day. He also did threaten to cut his neck with a knife if I alert police about his suicidal ideas - I was not going to do it in the first place however, since it may prevent one suicide attempt but once he is free and gets another suicidal wave he just would not tell me anything about it, so it is like a delayed explosion.

Please help, what may I do to save?