Just wanted to share a real life story of suicideI'd like to start by saying i am in no way a therapist of any kind or have any experience in dealing with people who are thinking about suicide, but I do have a real life story of how it affects friends and family.  This is only meant to shed light on what people are thinking of doing.

April 15, 2009 is the day my step-brother found a permanent solution to a temporary problem.  I remember the day so clearly, it was full blown spring and being a high school senior, along with my step-brother, there was a certain excitement in the air about graduating.  I had gone to school and stayed after school had ended to pay for a ticket i owed to go to prom.  My stepbrother had gone home for the day.  I return home and go to my room, which was in the basement while my bro was upstairs.  I'm playing video games and pretty much doing my thing while i get a call from my bro's gf.  She is frantic and telling me i need to talk to him because he is upset and mentioned something about having a gun.  I nonchalantly tell her i'll talk to him and reassure her everything is going to be okay.  I go to his room yelling his name, but i can't find him.  I look all over the house and he apparently stepped out.  So i go to the park at the edge of the block and circle it looking for him, again to no avail.  There was one room i didn't look in which was our parents room because it's almost always locked and we never go in there.  I nervously open the door and what i found changed my life forever.  I see my beloved bro laid out on the floor in a pool of crimson red.  The revolver was also lying on the floor.  Our cat ran through the door when i opened it so i actually had to jump over my bro's lifeless body to get her out of the room.  I will never forget that sight.  I immediately call the police and they were in my house in minutes.  I  had told them my stepbrother committed suicide, but later i found out the call went in that there was a hostage situation and shots had been fired.  The police greet me with guns in my face telling me to get down on the ground.  I'm handcuffed and put in the back of the police car.  It soon becomes apparent to them that this was self inflicted and un-handcuff me.  They take me to the station and tell me to give them the number to all the family i know.  I comply and i witnessed one by one each family member walk into the station as they break the news to them.  They decided to tell my family about my bro's death only after they reached the station.  So i witnessed my family and friend's heartbreak as they came in.  My parents were in Hawaii and the police thought it was best if i told them.  So the burden was put to me to give the worst news they have ever heard.

I would say this event had been tough on everyone, but i had the extra stress of finding the body and seeing everyone's reactions of hearing the news.  There was also no note to be found, so the reasons why he did what he did will never be known.  I can tell you that today, three years later no one is over his death.  While the tears have slowed the pain of losing family has not subsided, especially with his father.  His father drinks occasionally and it gets to the point where he is in tears thinking about his son's death.  My brother and two sisters have joined suicide watch groups and have advocated greatly, especially the out of darkness walks that take place yearly for those thinking about suicide.  I on the other hand don't know how to deal with the loss.  I don't take my frustrations and energy into raising money for awareness, or even tell my story to anyone except close friends.  I have suffered through depression and post-traumatic stress from the event.
but through this all there is still hope.  Everyday i know he is my guardian angel and protects me when no one else can.
Still, the pain he left behind will never go away in the hearts of those that truly loved him.  I was evened surprised how many lives he actually touched as people i never thought was close to him celebrate his life by getting tattoos or also raising awareness.
Suicide is not ending your own life.  It is hurting everyone you have ever known and loved.  So the only thing i ask of someone who is considering suicide is to really think about all the people that it will effect, and know that whatever the problem you're going through, this too shall pass
 