My apologies; Please helpI am so sorry. I'm in a dark place in my life, and joined this site literally to seek out some anonymous bastard to assist me in ending my life.  I posted it in the Euthanasia forums, and I'm now regretting that post, as if I AM to take my life, I should do it myself and not beg on the internet for one to assist by providing drugs and other means to the end in exchange for the chance to watch me die and play with my corpse if need be.  I'm not doing so well, obviously.  I'm calling my therapist today.  I'm going to keep trying to live, but how long must I "keep hanging in there" before things will get better?  Another decade?  Maybe 2?   I don't know.  I just wanted to apologize, maybe seek advise on living as opposed to dying and use this site for purposes that would be...less detrimental to my existence.  I am going to delete my "Euthanasia" post and hopefully move on.  I know many have harder lives than me.  I do not want pity.  I want either relief or no sensation at all, so you can see how pitiful my list of options truly is.  Major Depressive Disorder-Treatment Resistent, Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, Gender Identity Disorder, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, Self Harm Disorder, General Anxiety Disorder, Panic Disorder, and Excessive Daytime Sleepiness.  Physically, I am plagued by Inflammatory Bowel Disease and Ulcerative Colitis.  I'm only in my twenties and I'm having my seventh colonoscopy within two weeks.  I was hooked to the pain meds they gave me for the excruciating pain, and eventually found that only IV opiates gave me any relief, and so, heroin dilaudid and roxies became my only friends while I struggled with everything else.   I've been on Methadone for 3 years now, and Klonipin for even longer.  I know how easily I could take my own life by narcotic overdose, as even my daily dose in conjunction with say 10 to 20 of my klonipins would put me under ground with a couple of hours in Euphoric Stupor. I don't want to die;  Living is just too damn painful. I've held on so long that I am growing weak just from the effort I've given to living when it seems every facet of my thinking contradicts my innate survival instinct...  Once again, I apologize for my sketchy post.  I will be deleting it shortly.   Please, if anybody has any sage advise or encouragement, help me.  I am patient.  Even if I ultimately take my life, it won't be immediate.    I am giving myself yet ANOTHER chance, and I await the hour when my therapist will be in his office, as I need to talk to somebody in person that knows my case history, and can help me find some facsimile of peace and contentment with this absurd existence.  Thank you.