Man, I don't even know.I was homeless a few months ago and have since gotten a place. I can't clean it well, haven't been out of bed much since I got it. I keep asking people for help, but it's not there. I'm not sure whether I'm insane or not, but I feel like if I was I wouldn't be asking myself the question. But I've been hearing voices, feeling paranoid, entertaining pretty weird thoughts, and otherwise have felt strange for all of this year.

I had a major suicide attempt earlier this year. I won't say exactly what I did for risk of identifying information, but reasonably it could have killed me- I don't mean cutting/OD teenager bullshit, but instead I did something involving physical trauma that should have killed me.

Now I've been having motor difficulties. It's not rekated to the suicide attempt because I was fine for a while after. But now my legs get stuck/cramped when I'm sitting down or lying in bed. I can move them but it takes more effort than it should. I always walk oddly. It sounds like catatonia as a symptom of some kind of psychosis to me, but then again I don't know whether I'd be able to identify that if it were actually the case.

I don't do anything vocationally. I've been looking into going back to school. But I've also been unable to do paper and documents so it's taking time and I'm just sitting here with no family, little support in terms of friends/acquaintances, and a broken mind and life I don't know how to put back together.

I don't have money or food. I've lost a bunch of weight over the past few months because of this and because I just don't have an appetite. Food was easy to come by when I was on the street because services were everywhere. Now I can't get outside very far and if I did it wouldn't mean anything: I don't have money anyway. I get $531 a month and usually buy clothes or books instead of trying to keep my food stores up because I know I won't really care too much when I'm out of food/money. And I don't. I'm finding it very difficult to care about all of this--I'm writing this so of course I do to some extent--and that itself worries me a little.

I'm not particularly afraid of dying any longer. I'm not sure what will happen to me after the act. It seems like a dice roll I can take, 50/50 things might get a lot better. I know there might be other ways I can go about leaving this rut, but if I don't have the energy then maybe just ending it is, like, not a terrible bet? It's a simple thing I can do that will affect things profoundly, but perhaps it will do that in a good way. Then again I don't know if things are really so bad now. I wish I had food and cigarettes, though.

There's more than this. This is a rushed outline. I've tried to reach out to a lot of people, but every time we've made plans they cancel or have to reschedule, and I don't know why. I've learned not to trust the medical community as they have not been able to discern the severity of problems I know I'm experiencing and otherwise just seem collectively inept.

e: typed this on mobile because that's all I have for an internet connection and my mind is in a funky state. please excuse the odd syntax and grammatical errors. I know they're in there.