Gave my brother $ to buy me a ropeI told him that I needed a rope for a "video I'm making with my friends". But no I want to commit suicide very soon. He owes me 40$ and I told him that he wouldn't have to pay me back if he did this favor for me. The 40$ won't matter once I'm fucking dead. I'm on the verge of failing highschool in my senior year. I've been suspended over 8 times this year, over 20 detentions. I've been addicted to marjuana for nearly 3 full years. I've never had a girlfriend nor any intimacy with a woman. My face is insanely assymetrical. I don't brush my teeth because I avoid looking in the mirror. I'm a burden to my parents and they always say I'm the root of their problems (I am). I caused them 1600$ in medical fees because I said that I was going to either run away or kill myself at school and my FUCKING SCHOOL decided to call the goddamn police and fire station and they forced me under my will to come with because of some "protocol". They made me sit in a fucking hospital room for nearly 6 hours and then a lady came in and talked to me for 15 FUCKING MINUTES!!! AND THERE CHARGING MY FAMILY 1600$!! My parents are insanely stressed out JUST because of me and I want to end my life to ease up their living. I have done other terrible stuff in the past that I don't even want to elaborate on. The main reason I want to kill myself because I hate myself and I'm a burden to my family. All I cause is trouble and my stupid/depressed ass won't even pass high school when I only have 2 legitimate core classes (English and Math). I'm not afraid of hanging myself either. I've accepted that I was a fuck up from the very beginning and just want to leave this world for good. I will commit suicide very soon and I feel as if the people around me would be much happier without me. Yes initially they will be devastated but after I'm gone for awhile I know my family will forget about me because I was no good anyway. I will make another post the moment before I commit suicide.