i don’t know if i want to die or just escape the pressureim just ye olde angsty junior in highschool. straight up want to die, but don’t know how to do it without upsetting my family. my best bet’s making it look like an accident, but we’ve had so many medical deaths in my family lately and thinking about my mom crying is the worst. my brother’s in college and i don’t want to fuck up his dreams or whatever. i know he has depressive episodes (it must run in the family lmao) and he’s recently got his life back on track and i don’t want to be The Thing That Permanently Fucks Him Up. 

school is miserable. the only class i enjoy is SL bio. all my HL classes are hell and the other SL classes are boring or really too hard for me. the girl i was in love with is straight. i hold all my friends at arms length bc im afraid of disappointing them. 

i was ok for a while. like i was depressed and actively suicidal, then i wasn’t, and then i was. and then i fucked up further. 

i did something by mistake that i need to pay $1200 for. nt drugs or anything, nothing illegal, but i have no idea how to get the money without asking my parents for it. they’re already paying so much for me - private school tuition, on top of a trip to london this summer. i don’t know how to ask them for the money. they’re exhausted all the time, and we’re barely making enough money to keep us afloat. i want to pay them back, but idk how. i don’t want to put us in debt. i can’t get a job until summer of 2019 because the school i’m in rn doesn’t allow students to have em. and even then, i’ll need to move out to university pretty quick. i can’t make $1200 in like a month. 

honestly im glad i have the capacity to worry about this. like i was so depressed at one point that i couldn’t care. i just wanted to die. i can feel myself slipping again but idk how to stop it. i dont want to ask to go to therapy because every time i mentioned it my dad looks like he swallowed a sour grape. i miss my brother. i don’t actually want to die. i just want to be free &amp; happy. and sometimes i feel like dying is the only way to achieve that. 