No one knows us (a poem of sorts)I post on here a few times here and there during a day to express myself... so here's another.

You know it because you've been there as I have. We may have all the friends and family close to us, wearing the mask of who they think we are. Perhaps we believe that mask is who we really are at times; but, when we are alone- when I am alone, I feel nothing. My childhood best friend and cousin may speak to me on the phone, but I don't really listen. All there is, is that looming shake and stress; that deep haunting moaning depression and anxiety that infects every other thought. We have to get away, escaping into drink or books or games or movies or fantasies. We do things like work and get university degrees to please the people who depend on you or you depend on- but it's all meaningless. We don't want to do these things, we wouldn't want to face the huge stress that we can't cope with properly. It's as if it is a second life above that suffering and secret core of a man or woman hidden beneath. For so many years we have forged and dug away at the challenge of living with expectations, and how would we bask in that accomplishment when all that creeps into us is the looming responsibilities that we have set ourselves up for by going with the flow? Each year out of so many is just stress, anxiety, dread, shame, and perversion. Isolating ourselves because it is an ALL-ENCOMPASSING thought: we can't share our despair. We would shame our mothers and destroy the roofs of the houses of the families we live with! "How dare you think of suicide! How dare you not live up to expectations that you'd lied about living up to for so many years!" 

I am not who literally everybody I've ever met save for a long lost fiancé thinks I am. I'm secretly suffering, and cannot find the will to shame myself by revealing it. I will live this isolated, sufferable life of the unclear conscience until my early death by my own hand- and it will be by no other way that my dim flickering flame be put out.