An attempt at being fully honestTo start out with, I am not making a throwaway account because it only further adds to the lies I have accumulated up to this point. Throughout my life my lies have compounded into something that is seemingly unable to be resolved... and that's why I want out.

I don't lie to make myself feel better. I have always lied to make other people feel better. Whether I lie about my drug use, what I did last night, where I am going this afternoon, or a geniune question of concern for my well being... I lie because it feels like the right thing to do for someone I care about.

My mind is fucking blown most of the time and it's all I can do to sit through a dinner with the family in fear that they might call me out on this impeccable performance and ask me what is wrong. They never do though. They know for sure that I have been depressed for at least the past 14 months. As far as I can tell, they sort of just let it be unless I am obviously in distress, but distress is not a common emotion for me to portray when I am not alone. I have become a master of disguise and deception.

The lies are the reason I can't talk to people around me. To explain my situation, especially to my family, would be hopeless. Inevitably, the conversation will come back to god and religion. They accept my Atheism but have no intention of hearing about it, nor do I have any intention of destroying the foundation of their lives. So I shut my mouth around them. I restrain myself because it just feels like the right thing to do. (for them)

I have 2 female best friends who are the most amazing friends I could ever ask for but they are slipping away. A text from me may include anything from "I love you and miss you" to "why can't I go 2 fucking days by myself without another breakdown?" These conversations have taken their toll on our friendships and the recent contact I have gotten could probably be attributed to them just wanting to make sure I am still alive.

I was first diagnosed with depression when I was 13 and I am now 25. I have tried every anti depressant on the market and did not experience any change in mood swings or personality that proved to be beneficial. I have been taking Effexor XR for the past year and have been taking myself off of it for the past 2 months. The Effexor seems to suppress my suicidal thoughts but made them significantly more extreme when they come about. There was a period of about 5 days when I had some suicidal idealization that I had never experienced before. That was the point when I knew it wasn't working correctly, whatever that means. My head feels clearer without it and I feel like I have a better understanding of reality. The paranoia is unbearable though.

I am paranoid about nothing. I look over my shoulder for no one. I strip conversations of all intended meaning and break them down into a conspiracies of sorts. I have even accused my 2 best friends of conspiring against me with each other based on nothing besides the fact that I thought it was happening.

More recently, I have began to question aspects of my life that I thought I always understood. In one of my greater moments, I actually asked my best friend of 10 years if "I am like a handicapped person, or a schizophrenic, or just generally fucking crazy and everyone around me has been acting like I am normal my whole life and keeping it a secret from me that something is wrong?"

I tried to cover all the main points of this fucking mess, but as with all things in my life, its never really going to feel complete. I'll just leave it at that then. At this point, I don't even care if anyone reads this. I just need to get it off my fucking chest without feeling like I am hurting anyone.

TL;DR - A lifetime of lies, guilt, and deception have made me feel trapped in my life. I am paranoid and suicidal. I can't talk to anyone because what they know about me is based on a life of lies or the fact that I feel guilty dragging happy people into my fucking mess.