I don't know how to stop myselfI've been pestering people about my problems, knowing I won't be able to be helped anyways. How do I stop telling them what's up with me? How do I stop crying out of nowhere once the spike of bad feeling hits? I'm one of those people who make it obvious that something is wrong, while at the same try to hide it. I feel selfish being straightforward, so doing that makes me feel like they get a chance if they wanna ask what's wrong or not.

I've had confidence issues my whole life, but they've really taken a bad turn and the downhill turned into a straight drop. Every time I see myself from the mirror, I start crying and gagging. I've puked many times recently. Never deliberately, like I haven't put a toothbrush down my throat. But I think it's still my fault, I keep torturing myself by looking at beautiful and talented people. Showertime is horrible, seeing how abnormal my body looks like. I can't compare to anyone, I don't feel like I'm on the same level at least. I smile at beautiful things, but now it only takes a very small amount of time before I start crying because the feeling gets so bad. I can't go outside too much either anymore.

So yeah, I keep seeing amazing, great, beautiful people everywhere...but I won't ever be like that. I'm not enough. So right now I'm trying to push my friends away from me. I don't mean to insult them when I say they should strive for better and not be stuck with me, I don't mean to assume what's best for them and what they should think about me. I don't mean to say they're selfish and only take overlords in their lives. 

But I guess I am saying it. I've tried apologising for being like this, but made people mad, made them say I'm not actually sorry, just busy determining how they think. 
I'm getting annoying with this, since I won't just learn after one message. I feel like I'm constant trouble, so that's why I'm asking how could I just hide it all. Never bother anyone ever again about my stupid problems.

I just can't understand why'd they want to keep me around. 

I'm sort of happy that everyone's getting sick of it and me. When they leave, well...they can smile again. They won't have the extra baggage anymore. Everyone's happiness is so nice, of course I'll be alone but once everyone's forgotten about me, I can vanish. I can only hope the 4th floor will be enough if I have to make that decision.

I'm sorry about the long message, but thank you for reading. 🐻🌻 