Does anyone else miss the magic?I feel like over the last few years the most common sensation I've experienced is this intense, brutal nostalgia. It keeps coming back. As I've moved on from my childhood home, family, and friends; got my own place and started my career, I've started to realize how empty life is and how lonely I'm destined to be. Everything is so dreadful, so bleak, so pointless. Life is a cycle of suffering, stress, existential crisis. Working just to pay the bills, living paycheck to paycheck, spending a few hours here and there with "friends" I don't even really care about. Over and over and over again for years. I feel like everything just gets darker and darker. Nothing excites me anymore.

 I just want to be a child again and to feel the magic I used to feel in the world - the magic of running through soccer fields with my friends, the magic of just walking through the mall and shooting the shit; or just watching the sunset outside my bedroom window and dreaming about girls and school and everything I was so hopeful about. The magic of doing push-ups in front of the mirror, feeling like I was going to be a badass. The magic of long car rides in the backseat of my parents' car, watching the roads fly by. The magic of feeling like there was so much to life - so much to experience. Nowadays I feel like everything I wanted has already passed me by. Adulthood is just a long spiral into decay and unhappiness and isolation. Maybe human beings are just meant to live a tiny part of their lives happy and hopeful; and then spend the rest of their lives desperately chasing that feeling.

There's nothing left. I'm so empty and so tired. Every day I feel further and further from any kind of hope. I want so badly to feel something as deeply as I did when I was a kid. But there's just this constant dullness. I'm starting to see the signs of age on my face. My hairline's receding and my skin's starting to wrinkle. I haven't talked to anyone in weeks. I'm unemployed, single for three years, and soon I'll probably be homeless. I've stopped eating and I've stopped sleeping well.

A few months ago I made the car trip up to my old town. My parents are long gone, as are all my friends; so there was no one to visit. But I walked all around my old house, and the old schoolyard; and the trails my friends and I used to bike around; and I got this pang in my heart so intense I wanted to burst. I want to die just because I don't want to live knowing I'll never have that magic again.