Great job. Great relationship. Great life. Still want out.I don't know why I won't do the medication thing.

I'm 24 years old. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder at 14. I refused medication and bailed out. It was always easy to quit any sort of therapy or professional help because my mom was an abusive bipolar alcoholic who also refused help. If I said I wanted to quit, she'd let me quit. It was one less place she had to take me.

I've been to 7 therapists over the last 10 years, ranging from 3 - 7 months before disappearing. Always diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I've had some severe manic episodes over the last 4 years. I had an affair with my married boss for 4 of those - which I ended 3 months ago due to a relationship I'm so, so happy in. I couldn't imagine the guilt of ever cheating on him. Although, I cheated on my last boyfriend with him for the full 18 month duration of our relationship. I also had an affair with a married coworker for 8 months - which was during my affair with my boss. I felt no remorse, unless I was in a depressive swing, which caused a lot of suicidal thoughts and hours spent on hotlines or in suicide prevention chats. I've been alone and smashed dishes, kicked in doors, punched a window (and probably should have gone to the hospital), you name it. 

I've become a self destructive high functioning alcoholic. I drink every day. I drink secretly throughout the day. I perform my job at an incredible level. I continue to get raises and praise for the work that I do. I'm insanely motivated in my career. I'm very well paid for my age. I have my own place. I have my own paid off car, which is a fairly new model. 

On the outside, everything seems perfect for me. I am a very attractive young woman (apparently - I don't personally see it). I am doing great financially for being 100% on my own. I have an incredible job that is a dream job for the thousands of employees below me in the company. I am dating the guy of my dreams who is so understanding of my anxiety and depression - but I haven't exactly laid out bipolar disorder to him yet. I'm scared to. I feel like I need to get the help first and then I'll tell him.

I'm manic most of the time. However, these last couple weeks..... I don't know. I can't stop fantasizing about suicide. I'm constantly googling for more information on either how to do it or how to prevent it. I don't have a method of choice, as the fear of failing and explaining is much scarier than the death itself and none of them are 100% guarantee. The highest success rate is with a gun, but I don't own one nor do I have access to one. Also, I couldn't do that to my loved ones. I couldn't leave that sort of damage on top of the already emotional damage they'll deal with.

It's weird. There's nothing going on that's making me feel this way. Like I've said, my life is seemingly perfect. I don't know if it's lingering emotional damage from the affairs (they always come to surface when I'm depressed) or damage from an abusive childhood or what..... but I keep finding myself sitting in silence, feeling the need to just be gone. 

And it's sad - my boyfriend has asked me here or there if I'm okay and asking what's wrong, but I just snap out of my trance and reassure him it's okay. But it's not. I'm not okay.

But I don't want medication. I don't want to not be me. I like me most of the time. It's these depressed swings that make me question it. But what happens when I get help and my mood elevates again, so I just bail on another professional? 

Which is going to come first - the medication or the suicide attempt?