The last love letter I’ll ever writeWhat can I say here that will touch your heart? What words can I write that will speak to the cosmic energy that makes up both our souls? Fifteen years ago when you touched me for the first time, I remembered your touch as if I had felt it in a previous life. I remembered you. As cliche as it sounds you completed me. You made me feel as if I was worthy of love. I want to thank you for the art room. The driveway on 8/26. The music room. The bus loop. Thank you for the sweet touches and gifts. Thank you for college &amp; cherry, for the guitar show, for the doctors office and for the sunset at the church. Thank you for the dinners, fires, adventures, for window-shopping dream cabins, for chasing sunsets, thank you for evening walks in converse heights, and for talking on the phone for hours like we did in school, thank you for the cookies and the concerts, the mini vacations and the car rides with no destination, frozen yogurt and movies we ignored while we made love. Thank you for the music we made together, the incredible feeling of sharing the stage with the love of my life. Thank you for the balloons and the cake. Thank you for the helium voice and waking me up to sixteen candles on my birthday. Thank you so much. Thank you for the 8 of Spades. Thank you for being who you are. Thank you for everything that you’ve done because you might not realize it but you gave this old tired soul a reason to wake up in the mornings. The little things, the way you scrunch your nose when you’re wearing your glasses or the way you say my name. The way you have always been able to make it all go away with a loving touch. Thank you so much for the greatest days of my life. For saving me from myself. For giving me something to look forward to. Something worth while. Something beautiful. Thank you for being my dream come true. Thank you for giving me purpose again. I love you with all my heart and soul. I have always loved you. I am so deeply sorry for anything and everything I’ve ever done that caused you and pain. You’ll carry on, you are strong. My strong Leo. My lioness. You are incredible and I hope this life gives you the greatest things available to you. I hope that you wake up in the morning and you feel better. I hope that with all my heart you don’t feel sad ever again for the rest of your life. Give that to me, give that hurt to me and let me carry it out of this world with me, so that you may walk these plains unchained by heartache. I promised you that you were my first and you would be my last. And with the god and goddess as my witness you were both. Let it be known that you were loved immensely by me let there be no doubt of that. You were my dream come true. 

There’s a difference between starving a narcissist and ignoring someone begging for your help. 

Goodbye my sweet Leo 
My perfection 
My twin 
My love 
My life 

This is the end of the line for me. I’ll have my last public words recorded as :

“Hell or Highwater, I will wait for you on the other side.”