Long Post 

Less than a year ago, I tried to kill myself, for not the first time. It will be a year since soon, and I still want to die. Honestly, I knew that I’d want to kill myself again. I didn’t expect that to go away, but I didn’t imagine that I would get so much worse than where I was then.

After being locked up in the mental hospital, I decided to transfer schools. I needed a change of pace, and wanted to be somewhere where I could blend into the crowd and be less easily noticed.

The plan was “Be in love for a couple months, and then pull the trigger again.” That was it. There was nothing else to be done.

It seems now though, that that endeavor, like my suicide attempt, has been a failure.

I was scared when I tried to kill myself, and I was alone. Due to the nature of the community that I come from, I had gained a bad reputation, and had always kind of felt alone, despite whatever friends that I may have had in my life. I said to myself that it would all be okay, and that it all wouldn’t matter soon, because I was dying anyway.

Everything was so clean, so procedural. I had settled on morphine as my way to go, as it seemed a humane way to end things. I calculated the amount of morphine to be sure that it was sufficient, and powdered it over the course of a good hour, so that it would take instantly and be more potent. 

I consumed the powder with alcohol to increase its effectiveness, and laid in bed while I waited. I was inert as I waited to die, for my heart to stop and my lungs to freeze, and that entire time I was alone. I’m not certain how long it was, the period of time that the morphine actually took effect, but it felt like hours. 

I laid there, and . . . I just laid there. I laid in bed and thought to myself how this would be ending. I never fell in love, and I was always alone, and this was it.

I became dizzy, and knew that it was time to make peace. My heart finally started slowing down and I could feel my chest tightening, as I felt myself wanting to grasp for air. It was finally happening.

My mind did not zip. It did not torture itself. It was only focused on release. My body was writhing, but I was not conscious of its movements. Whatever contortions my body may’ve been making, their discomforts were clouded by the morphine. 

My body began wanting to vomit, and I anticipated this, so I did not eat or drink beforehand to lessen any potential mess. However, the pain of wanting to vomit remained, and it refused to subside despite the morphine’s efforts.

I waited and waited and I endured, but after some time I noticed that my disorientation was fading, and that the opioids’ sensations of bliss too were also slipping. I began to become disappointed in myself and incredibly afraid of the realization that I would not be dying.

That entire time while I was, I was alone, and I wanted very much for someone to be there with me, to give me some sense of comfort or support.

After that, despite knowing that I would be making another attempt on my life, I had decided that I would be finding someone to be with before that came. That I would know love, before I knew death.

Now it seems that I am in the same place that I was a year ago, having to come to terms with the same realities, and preparing to be in the exact same place I was then, except this time I am more conscious of what that means.

I want to die, and I will be making peace with dying alone.