How i plan to get the courage to stop my heart from beatingA little background...

Im a 26 y/o hispanic male who has borderline personality disorder, addiction to intravenous heroin, cocaine, meth, opiates, and alcohol, lifelong depression and anxiety, cutting myself, low self esteem, terrible characteristics and behaviors, and i fucking hate myself. 

Since i was 10(earliest i can remember myself having these symptoms) ive struggled with depression, anxiety, and self loathing. And I deserve it. 

I hate using the “s” word. I prefer “euthanasia” 

That thought has always been present since then. I cannot see anything in my personality and life that is acceptable, redeeming, or deserving of anything good. 

I started self harming(very mildly) in 8th grade. But I started really cutting and got addicted to it at age 17.  It made me feel better and felt right and just. 

My first drink was at age 15 but i got addicted to alcohol/drugs at age 17. Around april 2011, I started smoking weed. 6 months later i was addicted to cocaine, meth, and especially heroin. All intravenous. I was the only one at school who shot up. I dont say that to brag or blame drugs or anything. I say that to illustrate and emphasize how my desperation for escape from myself and search for fulfillment was. I always aspired to be something good, someone deserving. I have not nor never will achieve that. 

I joined the Marines at age 18 after high school. It was my dream and I always wanted to be one and achieve something and do good. I, however, managed to ruin it by going back to heroin. 2 years later, i got caught shooting heroin and EAS’d 

I got out and my addiction worsened over the years. Methadone, lost jobs, debt, a horrible drug addiction ruined me. In the past 4 years, ive been rushed in an ambulance i think maybe 4-6 times? I overdosed about 4-7 times. First time on IV cocaine. A few other drugs but the closest ive been to death(and the most traumatic for my family) was when i bought and snorted 2 30mg oxycodone pills from a dealer and then passed out on my bed. Turns out(and he even admitted later) it was fentanyl and i stopped breathing. This is from my dad’s perspective. He woke up from a nap suddenly and decided to check on me. He found me blue and without a breath. He tried cpr and when the paramedics arrived, i was revived
With intravenous narcan. God i wish it fucking killed me. But i breathed again and woke up to tbe paramedics then looked to my left and saw my dad with the the most traumatized look in his face but relieved i was alive. I have never felt such guilt and shame more than that moment. I ruined my family’s lives. 

Over the years, being the piece of shit i am, ive ruined and poisoned everyone around me. Especially my mother, father, brother, ex girlfriend (as of today) have been victims of my toxicity. 

There is NOTHING about me that redeems or overshadows my shittiness. Even from a neutral perspective i cannot see any good or positive about me. I have NOTHING to contribute and i Ruin EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE around me. All damn day i have constant embarrassing, shameful, selfish, despicable, and awful memories pop in My head.
I am constantly reminded by myself of how terrible i am.
Everything about me is terrible. I am hate-able, shameful, immature, disgusting, and pathetic. I see my true self and i FUCKING HATE MYSELF. I CANNOT FUCKING TAKE MYSELF AND CANNOT TOLERATE MYSELF BREATHING. I DONT DESERVE ANYONE,ANYTHING, I DONT DESERVE SHIT. I WANT TO HAVE THE COURAGE TO FUCKING DIE.

Ive been contemplating for years. I should have done this long ago. I just cannot see myself acceptable or worth living