last ditch effort hereDealt a crappy hand in life, made bad decisions, life gets worse.  Think everything is getting better, but its really not. Everything came to a head today and I'm hard pressed to find reasons to continuing on .

At 18 I knocked up a girl in my clas.. We obviously didn't work out, but I have a beautiful 8 year old daughter.  My lawyer sucked and Im paying a good chunk of my paycheck in child support while only being able to see her once a week if that.  Being a part time dad is soul crushing when you really want to there all the time. depression 24/7, especially worse during the holidays.  But I still chugged on

Flash forward to now and I'm married and with two more beautiful daughters, own a home, have a good paying although kinda shitty job.  Sounds great on the surface but it isnt. My soon to be ex-wife is a total bitch. always nagging, nitpicking, criticizing,  questioning, or getting pissy with every little minute thing I do. Seriously, nothing  is good enough.  It was never this extreme with her, but it boiled over today after 5 years, I finally stood up for myself.  Now I lose 2 more daughters and wont have any way to support myself  having to pay child support for 3 kids.  I will have to sell my house, my car, everything value (male privilege am I right)

How the fuck am I supposed to move forward?   I cant handle  the heartache of not seeing my other two daughters everyday.  It hard enough not seeing my oldest. I get along so well with my girls.... I cant do it. And how can I survive myself while losing everything?

I hate my job. I hate my soon to be ex wife. I hate myself.  Doesnt helps i've gained so much fucking weight these past 4 years. Added almost 100lbs. and lost all my hair.  Lost all my confidence.  Now I'm going to lose my money, and worst of all Im going to lose my daughters....again.  Why?  What the fuck is the purpose of living if I'm going to be so fucking miserable.  I hardly have friends because since marrying, she made me stop being in contact with all of them, so I have no support system.   I know of no one else in a similar situation.  I was already depressed for years, but this is my last straw.

The only thing holding me back from doing it already is that it would be considered selfish to do it.  My two youngest are 2 and under and wouldn't remember me anyway.  My oldest would get over me quick as I barely get to be a part of her life

I'm not even crying or overly sad...I feel just so..empty.  Just a void where my emotions should be about everything.  I do own a gun so that'll be my way out.

Thanks for letting me rant