WhyI can't deal with anything anymore. Every day gets worse than the previous one. I can't do anything else than laying in bed all day anymore.

This year has been both the best and worst of my life. I have many people. A lot of people. Some I call friends, others family. They're all wonderful, they're all amazing, I am not. I don't deserve those people, I don't even know how they've come to like me. They make some of my days amazing, keeping me entertained, making me feel loved. But then I make all the other days awful. I can't spend time without making everything darker, and some of those people don't like that, which I understand. And some leave me for that, which I understand too. I wouldn't want to stay with myself more than 5 minutes either. And being left makes me more depressed, worst.

I love my family. I love my mom and my dad, they are good parents and care for their children. I hate my parents. I hate that I can't talk to them, or that they only have one view on the world by which they live, and that you can't do anything else. I hate that they can't understand me or don't even know how to try, but I won't blame them. I don't know either. I would have loved for them to take a bit more interest in everythink I liked, what passionates me. At least before it became a curse, a burden. Now I'm too scared to even want to get involved in anything with them.

I hate my life. I hate being sad all the time. I hate myself. I hate the fact that I'm too lazy and don't even want to try and change. Since very young there was nothing I would ever want to do in the future. Well no I have no future. I see no future. I decided to study IT on the spur right after my last year of highschool because I had no idea what else to do. I decided to stop on the beginning of my third year because it was too difficult, too stressful, not my thing. But nothing is really my thing anyway. Now that I dropped out, I cannot find any job. I cannot find any way for me to live independantly of anybody. Work agencies, job offers through the net, unemployement. I can't find or do anything. But I won't lie to myself. I'm too lazy and am not putting as much effort in it as I could. Now I'm using alcohol and self harm to both numb and feel the pain. I've been cutting my forearm for months now, and nobody has even noticed. I'm not even trying to hide it. Could this be considered negligence from the others? I don't know, and I don't blame anybody anyway. I'm just way too f*cked up.

I fell in love a few times in my life. I could count them on the fingers of my hand. I hate love. It's just a painful fantasy that we can't get enough of. And I can't either. Despite all of my issues and worries, I tried my best to work on a relationship. I worked so hard for 6 months. Just even seeing them could give some colour to my daily life. In the end, it's just one more nail on the coffin. I told them countless times that I love them. They made me think that they loved me too. But after all, they just waited for me to get drunk to tell me that they love one of my very close friend. I'm mad, I'm sad, I feel disgusted, I feel sick. But I won't hold a grudge against them. I still love them despite everything, and I wish them to be the happiest. I wouldn't date myself either anyway. I'm way too fucked up.

I've been wanting to die so much. I've been holding the pills in my hand numerous times. I put the blade on my skin countless times. I still can't die. I'm a coward. I don't want to live but I can't commit to it. But somehow, I've been getting closer and closer every day. I still hope somewhere deep inside that it will happen soon.

There are only a few things I would like to do before going, but if I can find it in me to kill myself I don't mind them not happening. I'm waiting for the release of Kingdom Hearts 3, which is very soon, as we promised ourselves to play it together with an old friend at my house on release day. I have always loved videogames, they filled my life with (fake) hopes and dreams, and Kingdom Hearts is definitely one of my favorite series. I have a travel to do with a few friends. We planned to meet in Germany for TwitchCon. Not that I'm really interested in it, but I would really love to spend some time with them and make some memories. And finally, there's another travel to Germany planned, this time for summer vacations. Spending an entire week surrounded by all my alcoholic friends who are all as depressed as me, and partying all day and night. Those are the only things that I am somewhat looking for in my life currently. If I can die after that, I'll be happy. If I can die before, I'll be happy too. If I can't die at all...

...I hope I can die soon.