basically my bioso I was 5 years that time. I just got told my parents were separating, didnt see my dad in months and had to accompany my mom to tribunals because she was fighting for my tutelage (I guess thats the word im looking for?...) I missed my dad so much and I couldnt believe they were separated so I tried to stab my belly with a kitchen knife, spent some days in hospital. Next time I happened to felt useless for some reason I don't recall anymore and drinked bleach or whatever that thing was, pair of days in hospital and back home, I think I was 9 that time. Two months later I went for a excursion to some forest and shit and I got hella pissed at some girl for whatever reason I think it had something to do with our activities and started yelling at her, my teacher then started scolding me for treating girls like that. Then I threw myself down a hill and just had a few scratches and a broken leg. 14 years old, lovesick, tried cutting my wrists to bleed to death, got caught and put into a useless psychologist that all it did was to grab my dads cash. 17years old, had a long distance relationship with a girl and after she visit me for the first time, we had sexual intercourse like, raw. Week after she went back to her town she started saying she was afraid to be pregnant and that she didnt wanted to bother me at my 17s with a kid so she blocked me from everywhere, I just wanted her back and would have loved if she was indeed pregnant as a kid would have definitely meant something to wake up in the mornings for. Not being able to withstand the situation I was going to jump off a bridge but I gor mugged on my way there and the police saw me half naked in the street in the middle of the night and brought me back home, parents werent home so they never knew of this. 19 years old, few days after my birthday I had a discussion with my gf (same one that blocked me thinking she was pregnant) because she kept going around with a guy I knew she was cheating me with even though she said she was some guy she played League of Legends with, that one day she was in my flat (back then I was living in her town, around 10minutes walking from her) sleeping and her phone started getting messages from the guy, I saw how she basically sext him all the time and stuff, so that night I went to a cliff that was near my home and was about to jump down until she grabbed me from behind hugging me. Nowadays, I at most just cut my wrists a bit just to feel pain when I am sad, but havent really tried killing myself. That may change soon, as I'm trying to find a perfect location, isolated enough to hang myself in a tree where nobody will ever find me unless they are actually looking for my corpse.