I can't get aheadIt's no secret that problems pile up. They grow and grow while successes quickly fade. A problem one doesn't deal with sits there, until finally it can be fixed.

I can't remember the last time I was ahead of my problems. No immediate worries or issues, just the future and the ability to plan for it, to prepare. Instead it's been problem after problem. 

I lost my job little over two years ago, and I've been doing what I can to keep my head above water. While problems pile up. My teeth are rotten, I've been unable to buy anything just to relax and enjoy myself like a movie or video game, my mom's tv broke and I can't help, my computer broke, so all I have is my phone, and finally I have a job. A bit of budgeting and I can start to improve, get my tooth pulled, save for a new computer, hell maybe one better than my old one. Finally get ahead.

Then my car and my mom's car broke. She's fifty three, and I love her, and she needs to be taken care of. Me? I can walk to work, I did before I had a car and my job's only forty minutes away. She needs taken care of though, been working poverty wages her whole life and she's the one who's been taking care of me these past two years. 

She's been stuck on payday loans for almost four years. I thought I could pay her back by helping her get off of them. Maybe help her get ahead too.

It all just piles up, and I can't see the end of it. With two incomes, both poverty wages, we can eventually get both our cars on the road. Eventually get her a new TV, me a computer, and occasionally treats along the way like video games or movies. There's being hopeful. That's if nothing goes wrong. It's only true while two beaters that have both been breaking down continue to run without issue, if there's no accident or sudden cancer diagnosis. This plan to get ahead will take years, and so much can go wrong in just six months.

This has been my mom's entire life, and I can already tell it's going to be mine too.

I wish I was a librarian in a fantasy world. Book shelves ten rows high that almost form a maze. A museum section with curious artifacts in glass containers and plaques. On my off hours sitting in some forgotten corner, reading a book and eating my lunch. That's the life I wish I had, instead of this broken useless self.