I want to fucking die. I've fucked up and I'm scaredI want to fucking die 

2 months ago I got a speeding ticket. Now I just got another one, my night was going amazing. It's prom night I woke up and was ready. I first went to kroger and Wal-Mart to get shower supplies, then Men's warehouse to get my tux. Everything was going beautifully. I evem convinced my boss to let me borrow his 2013 dodge charger rt for the night.

4:45pm I go to her house to take her to photos. She is fucking gorgeous, I love her smile so much, she is my world. She's impressed by how I look and the car, so we drive to photos. After the long and annoying process of playing doll for our families to get good photos we head to dinner. 

Our reservation was at 5:30 an amazing place called the house of japan. We met this lively couple from London Ohio who was also going to prom. They were so cute, hell the girl was even pregenate. We have our dinner, everything cooked beautifully and well. So we go to prom

Prom started at 8. We get through coat check dance and have the times of our lives. I just new things were to good to be true. I made her so happy. There is only two things I care about. My music and her. After the dance we go to our school held after prom

After prom is from 12:00-2:30am late I know but it's to keep everyone safe and alive. I respect the school for that even though they've personally made my.life hell in the last two years. Once after was wrapping up we go to leave. I started to take her home and she was having severe menstrual pain, so what would any caring guy do, I Speeded to make sure she would be home soon. 

This is where shit hit the fan

I'm driving down the road and I see lights behind me. I pull over scared out out of my mind. My girlfriend literally moaning in pain beside me, he pills up to the window and asks why I was speeding and if everything is Okay? I saw the truth 

"I'm extremely sorry I was speeding officer, but I was trying to get her home cause she's in lots of pain." 

"Do you need to see a medic?" Me being nice and trying to Work things out I respond 

"No she's just gonna need r-"

"Shut up I'm not talking to you! Ma'am do you need a medic, now you let her speak." 

She responds saying no and that she just needs to go home. I kinda wish she asked for a medic now. Because I was in "no need" of medical attention I have no excuse to Speed. So now I have my second ticket I'm only 17 im fucked guys. My family is very poor and we barely pay bills, we are gonna have to pick between either electricity or the speeding ticket. My parents,manager (who's care it is), girlfriends parents, friends, and everyone else is going to be fucking pissed. What do I do?..... I'm not going.to graduate at this point I'm literally only passing one class and I'm fucked. The military won't even accept me cause I'm not on course to graduate.    I drove her home calm and collected. We hugged as I shook in her arms for another 20 minutes and then I literally drove less then 15 mph on the way to my house. I've lost it. I'm sitting in the charger sobbing like a little bitch and trying to find motivation to live. My only night that I need to go well I've fucked up. I'm useless garbage who isnt going to amount to anything. I eant to die and it would be probably best for the world. Please someone help I'm scared........



