What is the point?I have been alive for 25 years. And I have been fighting all my life... It's like never ending war. 

I'm fat(yes I got bullied a lot) when I live normal life(eat, sleep, and exercise normally) so I fight, I exercise freaking hard and go on diet... I got ideal body for few years, until I got into hospital. I have a very bad ulcer, dehydration, lack of callium. Now I can't even drink coffee or go diet again, because my ulcer is really bad... I lost... been trying to go on diet again for 3 years now but the ulcer always sent me to hospital...

I always wish there was someone that can be on my side... so I fight, I try to find a girlfriend, long story short after 3 girl that I dated, it's impossible... no matter how much you sacrifice: money, time, yourself; they. will. go. (the last one, we dated for 3 years, all I have sacrificed is nothing to her apparently) after 6 years trying to find the one, I lost again...

When I was with my last ex, I tried so hard to live my life normally, I have a job(frustrating and demanding while underpaid), exercise, build a life... In the end, my gf left me(With a fucking text, after all those time, I don't even deserve a 'good' breakup). I quit my frustrating job... I lost again...

There is so much other fight and most of them are lost... 

Right now, I can get a job, I can try live a normal life, but for what? I've lived my life trying to find someone that I can trust and grow with. But at this rate it is impossible...

it's like when my ex left me, there goes all my future, there goes the only thing that I cling to, there goes my willing to live...

I've tried to find other things to live for... none of them are strong enough... (I am a programmer, it's not something that I enjoy, even though I'm not bad at it. I always want to be an actor but I don't have connection, the body or a chance for it)

RN every night I'm thinking to do suicide, I can't do it because I can't imagine my mom crying(I love my parent). It's like I'm waiting for my parents to leave this world, then I can suicide peacefully...

Thanks to my friends, I always try to think positively and try to live. But every now and then I can't help to think that it's all a waste... 

I WANT TO DIE but I can't right now. I always pray every night for God to take my life, heart attack or something, going to sleep and never have to wake up... going with noose or jumping off high buildings doesn't have good successful percentage. Shotgun is fucking expensive and impossible to get in my country... maybe charcoal is the best method... I just need to find someplace to do it. And wait for the best time for it... 

I don't want relationship anymore, it's just a waste, looking at my friend's and my parent, it seems bad...

What's the point of living? when there's no one to love and fight for?

Guys, What makes you wake up everyday? what is the thing that keep you going? I want to have one too. I'm tired of this, existing without purpose...