What's going on I've been suffering from depressive episodes for about a year and a half. The most recent one just happened. Alcohol has stopped working as a coping mechanism and I promised my friends that I stopped doing drugs. I'm failing out my senior year of college and can't tell my parents. I can't get motivated to do anything. I have a court date coming up for a DUI I got after a hit my most recent episode. I can't talk to my girlfriend cause I feel too bad because she has a brother that also suffers from depression and her home life has gone to shit and I really can't put anymore problems on her. My friend/housemate that found the noose that I tried to hang myself with last saturday wants me to talk to him, but i can't open up and don't want to put my shitty problems on him, he has enough to worry about. I've just alienated my mother by stealing some money from her to feed my coping. I've been trying to isolate myself from everyone so they don't feel bad. Here"s the redefined note I wrote tonight: 
Dear friends and love ones,
	I can’t do it anymore.  I have been a horrible person. I have been a depressed good for nothing piece of shit for a long time. I know I have potentional but for the life of me I cant build up the motivation to do anything. I’m a powerless pussy. Please forgive me.  It’s no ones fault but mine. No words can express how I fell and what I am doing to all of you. I know it’s a selfish act and I’m the most selfish person I have ever known. I only really care about myself and the truth is I absolutely hate myself. The world will probably be a better place without me leeching and destroying other people. I never meant anyone any harm, but it seems what I have to do to live, so it just makes sense that I shouldn’t be here anymore. With everything I have been given I should be one of the most grateful person on earth, A rich life with great family and friends, but I can’t appreciate all you have done for me.  All the copping mechanizes I have tried are failing me and just making me more of a menace. I can’t be open with anyone even the suicide operators, something just blocks me. I realize at this point of my life I can’t take time off to go to a clinic that will only make thing more difficult. It’s time to make a change and I can’t hold on to motivation for any long than an hour or two. It’s beginning to seem completely obvious that the only way to solve this problem is to be no more.  I can’t stress how sorry I am in text you have to take my word for it. If I could just give myself a head shot hard enough to correct this I would (I’ve tried).   
I can't think of a good way to finish it. I've gone to consulting but end up just lying to them to get their approval. I can't even call the suicide hotline back. I know this subreddit is suppose to help people consider other options, but I just need help finishing the note in case. The only way I can get through this is by myself. Thank for listening      