How am I supposed to get motivated if I have no goals and I feel sad for me and others?I don't want to have children because it's cruel and selfish. I don't want to get married because it shows that the man is worth less in my opinion. It's just outdated and unnecessary. I don't want a girlfriend (not that I have a choice). It just doesn't seem like love exists and I don't understand why anyone would find me attractive and be satisfied with me alone. Everyone want's to open their relationships or have gangbangs or they'll just cheat. Cheating is so common and I don't want to experience it. 

I don't have anything I'm passionate about. No hobbies, no interests. I hate school and I hate work. School is so hard for me and everyone else around me does better than I do. Everyone is planning out their lives. Everyone has been in a relationship. Everyone has friends. Everyone is smarter and cooler than me. I notice how they all hate my presence because I make everything awkward. 

Common knowledge everyone should know, I don't. I'm far behind in life. I'm 17 and I haven't done any progress in my life. I'm not depressed. All my negative thoughts are rational. I have no skills, no talents. 

My parents were mad at me for failing highschool and they called me stupid and useless. See I hate my parents, so coming from them it doesn't hurt but I know it's true. I have social anxiety plus I'm introverted and I have BDD. It's a terrible combination. I can't move on with anything in life with these things. How do I become more social if I feel frightened of people and I dislike talking and I'm uncomfortable because I hate my body. 

I can't make friends because Im anxious and because I don't get along with anyone. No one understands me. I don't see why it's worth moving forward. I don't know I'll kill myself in the future because of loneliness, sadness, boredom and insecurity. It's my destiny. I know these years will be hard, riddled with negativity and I won't have any good days so why not stop living now?