I’m not gonna do it but..I really don’t know how to talk about this, or my feelings about this. I’ve had violent thoughts of suicide almost everyday for the last year. The last month or so I’ve felt better and I think an easing of the workload of school has contributed to that, but the thing that is most difficult for me is the isolation. How nobody around me knows how distorted and desperate my thoughts get at times and that I don’t know how to go about telling them or how they possibly might help. I can just walk through campus and look like a normal, adjusted, striving person. I can talk and seem composed or even ambitious. And I hate this because this outward self just becomes more and more separated from the discombobulated mess that comes and goes inside me. I have these mood swings—I think I might be mildly bi-polar. It is especially bad when I just get overcome with feelings of shame over not working hard enough, being old, being isolated, being behind or burdensome or insignificant. I truly wonder if some of the professors I talk with can perceive something of how I’m feeling—when I think of how I present myself there are some obvious inconsistencies but no one brings them up to me. Its immensely difficult to relate to my parents because they just try and focus on future and ambition and have so little concept of my emotional distress. They eternally expect me to just work harder—something that with depression is just untenable. Waking up is hard enough let alone focusing on something for a few hours at a time without my mind drifting. And my friends have very little idea and I doubt their capacity to help. Maybe thats wrong of me. I’m graduating in a few weeks (assuming I pass my classes) and I won’t see much of them after that I expect so it might be wasted effort anyways. 

But these feelings are so concealed within myself. I never talk about them, I rarely show them. If you saw my room and how disorganized I am you might begin to suspect something, but no ones doing that. Last semester I realized that truly no one is looking out for me, or at least anyone capable of looking out for me. I have sleeping pills and one day I couldnt stand being awake and just took 5-6 in the middle of the day so I wouldnt have to be conscious. Nobody ever knew. I feel some weird jealousy to people who have suicide attempts and the people notice and help. It is so devastating to not have that. It was just sleeping pills but that imperative urgency for an escape from consciousness was overwhelming.

I turn 24 in a couple weeks and I cant imagine the next 5 years let alone the next 20.  I cant see myself living a satisfactory life. I need to change, but Ive been telling myself that for years. Baby steps baby steps. 

Im posting because I feel I need to externalize these feelings. Just leaving them in my head makes them ferment and grow. I need somebody else to help me. I’ve been wanting to tell my dad for a while, but it seems so so hard. Maybe this can be a dress rehearsal for me. I’ve managed to cut off the graphic thoughts of suicide. Now when I think of a noose or a shotgun or something I tell myself to stop. To return to reality and stop looking for that out. 

I dont think Im capable of suicide, at least not yet, but I know I am capable of systematically ruining my own life. And I need to look at that and stop it. When I’m in a depressive episode I dont have the energy to seek help which is a huge part of the problem. And even when I feel okay I have almost never asked for help. I think this is one of the things which has hurt me the most. I can let go of the present. I can get over the relationships which have ended and which still hurt, but I need to know that I’m learning and that I won’t repeat the mistakes over and over. Something of which I’m not convinced. 

Time slips away. My pride and self-image obstructs me from showing or confronting the problems I need to confront even though these deficiencies are blatantly obvious. I need to engage with the external world as much as I dont want to. 

I dont want to be a person that just complains. But I need some help somehow and some encouragement. And I dont expect that from reddit, I just wanted to force myself to say something and say it in a way that another person can hear it. There is so much I don’t understand about myself. I wanna get better, but I have only been stuck in deepening circles of the same failures.