I just... am lost... gonna end it today(i am not going to use caps in this, sorry ya grammar nazis) hi. i never thought it would come to asking the internet for help... but here i am. i have considered suicide since a young age. i always pushed past those "phases". but lately... i am just having doubts. doubts i will ever be accepted or love. i have been putting on a facade for years, no one around me really knows how i feel. how ever night i pull out my moms pills to hold in my hands for hours, how i take "late walks" to the bridge and look over it. it is almost comforting, thinking about dropping my worries. let me explain, i guess. i am still not an adult, but not young enough to have no expectations. i am a junior in highschool. lately, my mom and dad have been going at it again. from a young age, my dad has been addicted to meth. he would stand in my moms face and call her... unspeakable things. he would stand in the living room with a knife to his neck demanding money. he would get it and just leave... like nothing happened. my mom, also suffers from extreme depression. she had quit her job at one point in the summer and laid in bed naked for 4 days. during those days, i watched and cared for all my siblings. 3 brothers, two of which have autism (schizophrenia and aspergers, some other smaller mental disorders that caused the oldest to become easily attached to things). and 1 sister (the youngest hadn't been born till a year and a half after). my older brother (my only older sibling) was abusive. he would threaten to gut me and chase me with knives, he constantly beat me, and i couldnt fight back. not because i wasn't strong enough, but because i couldn't bring myself to hurt him. anyways, those days of no adults and me stepping up to plate have really affected me. lately i have had nightmares of those days, and how hopeless i felt. i had no one to tuck me in, my mom, bless her heart, had always been there. i was mortified of being alone. after that, things got worst. one night, not to long after my dad came back, he was, angry. the house wasn't clean and my mom still lied in bed. he proceded to, hurt her and threaten us. i remember grabbing a knife and rushing to grab my siblings. but he, hit me hard. i had never been so terrified. from that point on my mom and dad have been at each others necks. he still to this day is addicted to meth, and my mom still speaks of killing herself. i am a relatively popular person, i have friends, and i actually like that. they are the only thing keeping me afloat. i, like other people got into bad eating habits at a young age. years of mom going to mcdonalds every night for dinner conditioned my body for the future junk food. it became my comfort. after elementary, middle school was... awful. i grew up in a city called omaha, some might know it. but it is a very... bad city. at least where i lived: north omaha. i was ridiculed for being fat. i also developed love for... well men. i was called fag and beat up, constantly. i had always been "bullied" whether for being poor, fat, or "fugly". i was mortified. for two years, one thing i said haunted me and caused all my friends to leave me and become my enemies, the day i said "i am gay". you might be think "you cant decide your sexuality at that age" but in north omaha, everyone was already losing their virginity by seventh grade. i just didn't feel attracted to girls. i had one friend to get me through, the one person i never told, even to this day, my cousin. me and my cousin, like most family grew less close over the years, he moved constantly, and his mom, who was in the army, was stationed in germany. i lose my best friend, and was all alone till high school. then we finally moved, i wont say where, because i am still living there, but it was further into iowa. i was able to be myself and have friends, i was ecstatic, i was finally happy. but... but things change i guess. i just have grown hopeless, i notice the looks of disgust i get from my "friends", i am not very good looking, obviously. i have lose some weight over the years, like 30 pounds or so, and i thought i was happy with myself. but recently, i was just going to school and someone called me fag. i, i was confused and, i... i... thought that almost adults would be accepting, or at least tolerant of me. but, i guess that is hopeless too. i am so tired, of the looks i get, of the people around me changing, about my family, about how now when i look in the mirror all i see are flaws. no matter how hard i try, no matter what i do, no matter how much i pray to god to be merciful. the blows keep coming, they don't stop. i never have been happy, i sit and nod my head smiling when my friends talk to me, smile whenever people catch me frowning. i just can't go on living lies, i know i am not happy, i know i am ugly and fat and stupid. i am just lying thinking, about how i could end it. i don't want my family to wake up to a dead body, i cannot imagine that. even if i don't always like them, i love my family. i don't want them to think this is completely their fault. i am gonna throw myself in the missouri river tomorrow night. i just want to not feel anything anymore, i don't want to worry about college, or stopping my parents from hitting each other, or worrying about how i look, or keep thinking about how my life is going to be just like my dad's: a drug addict who beats his wife. i hate it. i hate crying. but i am crying right now. i just cant. but the thing is i am scared. i dont want to die. i just want to... start over. every bad thing in my life could've been solved, i could've called cps, i could've not come out, i could have worked out and eaten right, i could have helped more people, done more for others. i know there are other people suffering, and people way worse off, but right now, that isn't enough to stop me. i am a self loathing, attention whore, i know. and posting here is just going to justify that. but before i do end it. i just want to... laugh. i want to feel warmth again. i know i sound "emo" but, i just miss getting hugs and sleeping by my mom and dad. i miss the days when school was fun and i wasn't worrying about everyone judging me, and about how well i am doing. i hate it, i hate... myself. i just want to see my grandma again. all those days i spent scrapbooking and cooking with her are my best memories, but she is gone and no one in the world gives a shit. so if i disappear, will anyone really care? and no, i know everyone will be sad for like a few weeks, and yatta yatta. but in a year, no one will remember who i was. the art i did, the songs i sang, the games i played will be boxes thrown in the attic, everyone will forget. for the best of course, i am not sad, i just think that the life i am living isn't mine anymore. i am hurt, my family, my "friends", myself, they left me broken, and i glued myself back together with religion and games and music and school, but now, the glue has come undone. i just don't care anymore. i cannot put on those smiles anymore, i can't belt out notes anymore, i can't make art anymore. i cant do anything right. i am a peice of shit. this world would be better off without me, some whiny fag... thanks for reading my life. i will be done. i am sorry for being me. i know i am being selfish right now, but damnit i have tried for other people for too long. goodbye. i hope you will at least have the kindness to post some funny memes below. anything to get me to smile, please. i appreciate it, thanks.