I am worthless, almost 29 years old, never been on a date, never had a friend that wasn't online, work for minimum wage and no educationMy name is Adam I believe i am just broken i was never able to make friends as a child, idk if it was my adhd but I was *and to an extent still am* just an annoying person, after a short time no one can stand to be around me. I first started fantasizing about auicide in grade school, mainly just due to loneliness but i kept hearing that it gets better in middle school, they it didn't, but it must get better in high school right, well then it got worse and the bullying and shit got bad enough that all my effort at school went into avoiding anyone my age. I would go to school do the bare minimum go home and play online games with the few people i found there. I have told people before that I truly belive in high school world of warcraft saved my life, it was the only way I managed to get to have friends without it I dont know how I would have survived that horrible time .

Through all the horribleness that was school my family life was fine hobestly my parents both loved me they got divorced when I ws like 12-13 but they were civil about it and I mean who doesn't get divorced now aways. So I feel like i can't blame my family for how I turned out, with some people who came from abusive homes or something like that i can understand how they became so fucked up but i really have no excuses. I seemed to really draw the short straw in the sence that most it seems atleast like most people who struggled socially during school atleast do well academicly, not I, I am worthless when it comes to studying or taking tests. 

But i stuck it out i thought ok it has to get better after high school and honestly it did, atleast the bullying stopped, but i had no plan at all i spent the first 2 years after high school working at Walmart, juat living day to day still living with my mom just going to work to pay bills and spending all my free time either playing video games or going on solo walks or bike rides. Over the years since then I have worked several general labor jobs and minimum wage jobs, I still have no plan all as far as a career is planned and I dont expect that ever to change.

And obviously with the never having had a friend or even really spoken to people my age not over the internet I have never even really spoken to women lol, as I write that out it sounds so pathetic.

In the end I am just sick of trying, I dont believe i can make my life better and I am just ready to give up, im either going to jump off a cliff near my place or jump in front of a semi... i just want to be done.