Well, clock's run out.Five years ago, I was the sort of person all of my friends looked up to, the sort that people said "I want what he's got." 

Job, money, location, success, friends, girlfriend, social life, etc. Amazing how much that can change in five years, isn't it? 

Now I'm nobody. I serve no purpose. I'm getting older, due to a few crippling injuries I can't do much. I've alienated all of my friends through ignorance. I turned to painkillers to survive the day-to-day, but that gave way to alcoholism, which gave way to unemployment and homelessness. 

I'm in my later 30s, living in my mother's guest room, no longer even have a bank account. My retirement's been spent, my savings is gone, my immediate family's robbed my mother of everything she had to the point where now I'm the one causing her hardship. 

I used to be fit. I could run 10 miles, I could dunk a basketball, I could lift weights. Now I'm happy if I can lift myself out of a chair to use the bathroom. 

I used to be reliable. I used to be a good friend. But as this.. depression consumed me, I sunk so low as to miss my best friend's funeral. 

My dogs have died, between steroids to prop me up and meds to make me "happy" I've gained 80 pounds, and even my mother's said "if you didn't drive me places I don't know what you'd be worth." 

That's where I am, five years out from making a disgusting, unearned amount of money and living a lifestyle I didn't deserve but happily accepted. Now I'm living the lifestyle I deserve and I don't want it. I've contacted government programs, been institutionalized six times, gone through countless medications, therapists, social workers and hotlines. 

So what's left after that? When the hotlines say "there's nothing we can do for you" and you don't have insurance and you can't afford a taco much less an inpatient stay at one of my fine state's torture wards? 

When your family doesn't care, your brother doesn't invite you to his wedding because he'd simply rather not, when your father won't call you because 39c a minute is a bit excessive and your mother won't speak to you unless she wants something you can't give? 

My best friends are dead. For different reasons, but they're all dead. My dogs are dead. My family doesn't care. I serve no purpose. I have no job. I contribute nothing. 

So. Why? 

More aptly to the topic, why not?