This might be the last thing anyone ever sees from me.Where to begin, I'm some 20 something Hispanic guy that lives in the New York New Jersey area. 

I grew up rather poor. 

I grew up somewhat alone. I mean I had friends but I never had much of a family to speak of. My mom is a very cold and damaged woman. She was a bit warmer at one point but only when it was easy. My dad was even worse off emotionally speaking, due to scars from his childhood.
Emotionally speaking I've mostly been alone I've never been very good about broaching these topics.

I'm a failure. 

This would be easier to stomach if I could say I were stupid. But I can't because I got accepted and went to some smart highschool(less than 10 from my student body got in). I got an 1800 back when max was 2400 on the SAT having never studied for it or for much of anything. Mine is a story of disappointing people, my teachers, myself. Academically all I've ever done was coast by. In the sense that I've always done the minimum.

Maybe I could make the excuse I were poor. That one is somewhat flimsy in some ways. Sure it is true I grew poor. But that highschool was a real opportunity. I essentially get paid to go community college. 

I have a therapist who tried their best. Can any therapist really replace the people who should've been there as I grew. The people who are supposed to guide and nurture. If you heard some of the stuff they told me as I grew HAH.

My point is I harbor a deep resentment for what my existence was compared to what I feel it could've been. Maybe I'm just weak I've seen some do more with comparatively similar financial and possibly familial situations. 

My mantra after all this is "no one cares". If you had a chance to save someone what would you do? What would you give?  The answer to me is nothing. Everyone has their own lives, their own problems. 
How can anyone afford to care in this world? Why would they stick their neck out like that? Most would rightly call them foolish. 

My current existence is that of a leech and I can't bear it any longer. I had a job once worked at it for nearly a year but I didn't like trying to trick people to get stuff they didn't need.

I actually intended to end it yesterday but turns out the place I needed closes at night. So I went to some hotel to think for a bit and try again tomorrow.

Anyway I don't know what I hope to gain from this post. Maybe an opportunity, maybe some words as empty as they are, maybe a hand. I guess I just tire of the struggle. What am I fighting for? Myself?

My phone is getting somewhat low and I have no charger since this was kind of spur of the moment. So I'll check on this in some hours.








