Once upon a time, there was a woman of power.She collected jobs and education. Although they weren't fancy, they were hers. Graphic design and child development degrees were being polished and about to be neatly placed on her mantle. The two jobs she had she cherished greatly. They kept her busy, yet still humbled. Assistant pre school teacher by day, church janitor by night. Her carriage was a matte black 80s Mercedes she saved up for ages for. 

One day, that all changed. While gathering supplies for the preschool, sudden darkness overcame her and she woke up with a raging headache, screaming at paramedics and vomiting while being wheeled away into a well-lit, unfamiliar carriage. Words passed by as she fell in and out of consciousness: "shaking", "gasping", "falling". Darkness again. 
She woke up only to see that her future was to be shaped by a dragon called Epilepsy. He swooped her into his mouth and took her up to a tall castle, away from everyone where she continues to watch her life fall apart from a distance while he speaks lies to her kingdom. 
The jobs came first. He told them: 
"What about the children? What if she falls and hits her head?" 
Then the carriage: "just take her carriage away and donate it, she can't afford it anyway, and the doctor keeps taking her license away." 
Next, the people of the kingdom: "you have to watch her all the time and never give her privacy. Remind her shes mine." 
Then the schools: "She can't come to school, she needs to spend time with me instead." 
While up in the tower, over time, she made a friend. A small gnome that came up twice a day with magic beans to eat to help her cope with the dragon. He claims it helps, but sometimes it doesnt. 
8 months of seclusion and sadness went by and after some careful planning, she tried to escape. She stocked up on the magic beans and fled to collect more education to hopefully suppress the dragon soon. 
It worked for awhile. She met a prince and had friends, tried to build up her small kingdom again. She even got a small carriage again. Until one day, the dragon found out. He was very, very angry. 
This time, he took both the prince and her, but put them in two different towers, faced together to remind them that they will always be apart but are owned by the dragon. He slowly chipped away at her small kingdom again, and everything was soon gone again.
Every day, the dragon screams at the woman, seemingly just for fun because he is inconsistent with timing. He tells the prince that the woman is making him do this, and let's the prince go out every day for a break but only far enough to where the woman can see him and envy him. 
Over time, the prince wants to enjoy life more. Possibilites await him and it's only a matter of time before the dragon realizes that the prince has made his own kingdom, and the dragon will have no choice but to let him go. 
The people of the kingdom grew tired of watching the woman do useless art projects and soon turned their heads to bigger and better things arising in the kingdom. 
The woman became lonely. The only thing that seems to comfort her now is shouting for help, because at least shes trying to make contact. To this day, she's rotting away, but finds joy in watching her prince succeed in building a kingdom.
Someday after her throat is torn and dry from screaming and her brain is drained enough from the dragon, she will realize that her purpose to life had already passed. The dragon had just been keeping her for his own enjoyment. 


I need someone to talk to.