Typical step dad story, but much worse. (plus dad)Typical step dad story, but much worse

(14M) when I was 6, my grandmother who I loved more than anyone in the world passed away from cancer, 6 months later my parents split up which meant split weekends, somewhere around 2 years later my mothers friend found someone for her, a guy named Josh. Josh served in the military for 10 years so I had some respect for him, I was too young to remember him very much but all I remember was that he was strict but all around just fine. Then when I was around 9-10 my father started to change, he still hadn’t found another women since the divorce. He became a horrible person, extremely racist, extremely sexist, horrible road rage, insulting me and beating our cat(who I’ve had since I was born)

I have been working out a lot since then in order to protect myself but still keep a pocket knife when it’s just me and either of them. I’m 14 now and fucking hate both of them more than you could know. I can only go to my cat Stella for comfort
(Josh antagonizes her and kicks her).
Josh is extremely lazy, on his days off he literally play video games all day and decides to yell and swear when he loses. If someone upstairs left a box of cereal out downstairs then he’ll scream at them until THEY come down to put it away( too fuckin lazy to put away a box of cereal right in front of him so he commands some come down and do it for him). He always orders me downstairs to clean up a mess but when I go down there I realize that there isn’t a mess and he made it up, but when I confront him about it he just says that I cleaned it up and lied about It. Josh has a perfect life yet he’s an asshole

My abusive father on the other hand doesn’t have that great of a life, everyone in his family cut all ties with him because he’s such an awful person and they don’t wanna deal with his bullshit. He always says how much he “f*cking hates me” and “
go live at your moms house” which I’ve tried but now he’s just more pissed that I “don’t want to see him”.

My mother is so frickin frackin annoying but I’m still very respectful to her, she treats me like absolute shit and is impossible to have a conversation with, she makes a bunch of weird ass noises, like we’re watching a funny movie and all I hear is “hmph”, “phmph”, and “hmmmph”. Whenever josh is rubbing me in the dirt(figuratively) she does nothing.

I have a 21 Y.O brother who’s also very strong yet he does nothing about the emotional/ mental/ physical abuse even though he probably could.

I will not call the cops or cps unless it somehow gets even worse, I have had 3-4 failed suicide attempts
(all with knife). You have to understand that I value my life so much but I don’t think I can make it mimics longer. 

The only thing that has kept me from just shooting myself or stabbing myself in the neck is the thought of my future which I have control of, I have very good work ethic so that means that I will likely have a very nice house and very nice cars. I also dream of a family, I want someone that I love, kids that I love, I want to grow old with them and most importantly, I want to know what being genuinely happy is like. But that’s nearly impossible because of my father and jOsH.

I will likely be committing suicide soon, this was made in like 15 minutes so it doesn’t make very much sense.
All I have left to say is that while I fucking hate josh, I fucking despise my father