I'm pretty sure I need helpGod, I don't even know how to put this... at this point, I'm just trying to get singular thoughts out of this gigantic jumble of everything going on in my head. This post is just going to be a massive jumble of me word vomiting and confessing, so no tl;dr, sorry.

So, I'm pretty close to graduating from college (BS in Chemistry, the ACS track if that means anything to you, plus Cursus Honorum through the Honors College). Grade school was shit. A handful of kids in my kindergarten class decided to target me and bully me incessantly, and that lasted all the way to high school. Same thing happened in boy scouts (eagle btw), and at my old church while I was in elementary. Did everything I could to make it stop from ignoring it, to getting teachers involved (ignored the problem, thought I was crying wolf because it happened so much), to trying to defend myself physically if need be, which, by the way, made the bullies come at me worse than they did before, and I ended up getting in trouble because of it. Absolutely hated school. The overarching political nature of the town (i.e., everyone knew everybody, and if you weren't in the know, you were scum) pervaded the school system, and dragged me down beneath it because I wasn't one of the cool kids, and I lived so far out of town that I had no way to get to know them or become one of them. Basically, I ended up becoming one of the outcasts to everyone in that school, including the teachers. 

I almost ended up killing kids while I was in elementary. A group of 6 of them all started attacking me in 4th grade. I ran away from them on the playground, but all of them followed me. Found a metal pole with a broken rusted end that I thought I could defend myself with, managed to lift it up because of sheer adrenaline. I remember thinking that I need to make them stop, and the only way to make them stop was to force them to stop. By like making them stop existing or something. They ended up surrounding me and pushed down on the pole to keep me from picking it up. Cut a good chunk of one of their calves in the process... they actually showed it off the next year as a kind of battle scar. That may also be why I'm hemophobic. I ended up traumatizing myself in a fit of panicked rage when I was in 4th grade lol

I manage to fail several suicide attempts because of that bs and manage to make it to college, where no one knows me. In recent months, I realized I don't even remember how to be the person I was before I met my ex, or the person I was before we broke up. Like, everything from the past few years is almost a complete blur. Barely remember any of it, albeit most of it was spent in my room or in the chemistry lab. I've changed a lot, and I don't recognize myself anymore. I gained about 100 lbs in 2 years because I had 24-hour access to the cafeteria, and I wasn't getting enough food at home before I came to college, so I didn't control myself because I could actually fill myself up now. I may have developed a social anxiety problem, cuz I can't go to parties without freaking out and having to leave. Can't even stay in a public place with a bunch of people without panicking.

I also ended up having an existential crisis at 15 too, while I was in the youth group at church. No one could answer my questions, and I got told not to think about it. Became an agnostic atheist.

I do remember that there was a kid from my high school who went to the same university as me. Dumbass climbed to the top of one of the football jumbotrons (a popular past time at the university), but he did it while he was drunk, and the roof was curved. He fell off and died. I felt no sympathy. Good riddance to one of the assholes who bullied me. Didn't go to the funeral, and laughed when I found out.

Oh lol, I've also been cheated on, or been threatened to be cheated on by a few of my exes IN A ROW, which wasn't good for my psyche. And they did it in some of the most spiteful ways possible.

I'm pretty sure I ended up raping 2 of my exes. No idea why I did. I don't tend to think about my actions in those situations. One of them was my last ex. Been single and loveless since then for close to 2 years now, thinking about what I did and why we broke up, not wanting to try to date again because I found out I can't control myself, and because I'm too hopeless to find a date or make new friends. My deactivated facebook ended up being hacked, and I logged in to deactivate it again... found out that she got pregnant not 3 months after we broke up, from a guy she met while at work while we were still a thing.

On top of everything, I don't even care what happens. I even think suicide is a viable option, but I have no desire to do it. Getting help would be the best option of course, but I have neither the ability or the motivation to do that. I always end up losing the drive to do it, right before I convince myself to go set up an appointment with a counselor. I just stop caring, or my mood goes back to neutral, or slightly above average. Not to mention, when I think about why I was feeling depressed, I feel stupid because it ended up being a stupid reason, and I beat myself up for getting affected so much by something so insignificant, and because I've seen other people go through so much worse. Which then sends me into another spiral of depressive thoughts.

I guess this is just me venting from stress. My honors thesis defense is on Wednesday, and I'm pretty sure I'm failing my classes. I just don't care anymore. Maybe a combination of senioritis and depression. I've gotten to the point where caring is too much effort, and I just wanna lay in bed under the covers all day and drown myself in porn and food and youtube. 

There might be more to come in the comments... Its just not been a good few months. Repost from /r/depression.