I'm flunking out of college and I've hit rock bottom.So, I'm an 18, soon to be 19 year old freshman at a large Midwestern university. I came into this school with a $15k a year scholarship and was accepted into the honors program. I went to a bad high school in the inner city and despite ditching class and not doing homework, I managed to get a 3.7 GPA and a 34 ACT, which got me admission into the school. Let's face it, high school is fucking easy. Nowadays it's just about taking kids in and pushing them out when you get the opportunity. So basically anyone with two brain cells to rub together has the capability to do well in high school.

The year started off well. I made a couple of new friends, and we did cool stuff together. Mostly video games like Super Smash Bros, FIFA 16(go Spurs!), Grand Theft Auto V, but we also hiked, went on walks, and did outdoorsy stuff. Academically, it also started off well, believe it or not. I'm an Electrical Engineering major and I found my subject matter and my major really interesting. I made it a point to develop a good relationship with my profs the first few weeks. My school is huge and has a whole lot of stuff to do outside of class. I joined the orchestra,the astronomy club, and the green energy vehicle project.

However, after the first month or so, I started getting too comfortable with life. I was in college after all, and I had a degree of freedom to which I never really had before. I started oversleeping to the point t where I was getting out of bed at 3 or 4 in the afternoon. I started skipping classes and not doing my homework. I started gaming heavily, to the point where I was spending 4 or 5 hours a day doing it. I've been an avid redditor since junior year of high school, so as you might imagine, that also took up a large portion of my time. I also started skateboarding late at night around campus, with no real purpose, just staring at the night sky and thinking about nothing in particular.

The warning signs started coming quickly. My engineering professor, who is a really nice, down to earth old guy, emailed me for a one on one chat with him. He told me just how concerned he was about me, as I had just flunked the MATLAB test and wasn't doing the assigned homework. He called me "a very intelligent young man", and that really got to me, because I've never been called anything along those lines before due to my shyness. He told me that he saw a lot of himself in me, and that I had just so much potential in me, and that I just needed to work harder to become a success at whatever I do. I remember looking at his worried face and asking myself, how could I possibly let this guy down? He's just so nice and wants me to succeed and is going out of his way to help me out.

I betrayed the old man. I didn't do jack shit to help myself out. I didn't put in any more work than before, and I ended up getting 3 Ds (also two As, but those were in bullshit classes which barely count). My parents are old school Asian parents and were especially furious when they saw my grades. I got placed on academic probion for the semester.

I made a resolution that I would fight, I would get get ack on track, and I would prove to myself and the world that I wasn't a failure. I retook the classes I did poorly in thanks to a university wide policy and tried learning some study skills. I started using Google Calendar to plan out my day. I figured that planning out my day and making to do lists would help me stay on track with everything.

And yet, this semester, by and large, has been the same old story as last semester. I started out strong, but my love for video games and Reddit got the better of me. I started doing almost as poorly. I took a look at my final grade predictions for my two main courses, and I need to get As on the final to get a C- in those classes. And getting a C- in those classes would STILL mean that I would get academically dismissed.

Going off on a tangent, I've never been a particularly social person. I mean, I had guys who I skated and smoked weed with back in high school, but I was still always the quiet kid who nobody ever noticed. I have some friends in college who i hang out with sometimes, but i have trouble relating eith them on a personal level. So I've been using the internet as my refuge. The last few months, I was really involved with a community on Reddit and kik, and eventually, the head moderator asked me to become a mod. Becoming a mod on Reddit is nothing special, but it was for a community which I really enjoyed being a part of and it's a community which treats its mods with a great deal of respect. So I accepted, because I'd be getting some respect which no one ever gave me in real life. Eventually, one of the female moderators of the sub broke it to me that she liked me. We chatted and games for a while, and then she asked me to become her boyfriend. I was ecstatic, because I haven't really gotten this kind of attention from women in the past. She was a long distance away from me and also was in college, so we decided to keep the relationship LDR for now. She seemed like a perfect fit for me. She was really pretty and had many of the same interests as me, and had a quirky personality. Our communication was mostly through kik since that's what she said she felt the most comfortable with, as her parents monitored her texts. Eventually, I found out that the girl I was in love with was 100% fake; it was the head mod of the forum I moderate catfishing me to get dick pics from me and laugh at me along with the other mods. I left the community in disgrace.

Yesterday, I was cramming for my final exams, when I realized, just what's the fucking point? I'm going to flunk out of college anyway, and that's all there is to it. What the fuck was the point of staying alive anyway? There's no one who will truly miss me. I'm a failure of a person and I've effectively become a failure at only the age of 18.. I knew that my weed dealer also sold cheap guns, so I bought an old Glock and a single bullet for $80. I headed back to my dorm room, loaded the gun, and pointed it at my head for a good ten minutes. I was asking myself, do I really want to do this. Is this what it's come to? Is my existence finally coming to an end? Is there a better place out there, and is it here on earth, or in wherever I go after death?

I eventually decided, what the fuck. I need to face the day. I deserve to live with the consequences of my actions, rather than just pussy out and wait for the unknown. I threw out the gun today.

What are my positives so far this year? Well, first of all, I'm getting fit. I used to play soccer but had to quit at the age of 16, and after that, I became extremely unfit. I got pretty fat, then changed my eating habits and got fairly skinny, but I was still unfit. I started out the year not being able to bench 80 pounds, and now my max is 130. I started out the year not being able to finish running a 5k, and now, I can run it in under 20 minutes and I can run a 10k nonstop. My goals in the long term are to bench 180 pounds and to run a half marathon.
I now also have a girl in my life. We are also LDR at this point, but I've confirmed that she isn't actually catfishing me. We Skype a lot and I hope to meet her this summer. She's awesome, she doesn't deserve a piece of shit like me.

If I do decide to live, my plan of action is to enroll in a community college and work around 25-30 hours a week, while working on my coding skills.In two years time, I want to transfer back to a four year university, but to one in my hometown(which I honestly should have gone to from the start). My goal is to code an app sometime in the future.

So, /r/suicidewatch, why is my existence worth living, and what can I do to get better and dig myself out of this hole