Living the dreamI'm a man in my 20s. In some ways, I am living my own dream. Sorry for the lack of flow or coherence in the text, as I'm on mobile and not doing too well, nor is English my mother tongue.

I was always a troubled child. I got bullied severely, mentally and physically, for most of my childhood, and it destroyed me. The main bully had befriended most of my siblings, to the point where they took sides with him, and this has, even to this day, left me emotionally detached from my family. Growing up was hell, and it wasn't until I turned 18 that things took a turn. I met a girl. 

This girl turned my life upside-down. My self-esteem shot through the roof, and she inspired me to do well in school, trust in myself, and just to be happy.

Ever since I was a young boy, I wanted to dedicate my life to helping people. I worked hard thanks to the motivation brought upon by aforementioned girl, and graduated as a therapist not long ago. I managed to get the job of my dreams.

Well. What's wrong with this picture? I'll tell you.

I'm just not that good at my job. I've always appreciated the nurturing, helpful conversations with people, but I'm much too cognitively dysorganized to be doing this job on a daily basis. I can't handle the interpersonal stress AT ALL. And I've only just had this job for a couple of weeks. Seeing as my personal economy in no way would allow me to quit (really expensive apartment with lease for minimum a year, and a really well paid job), I can't just up and leave.

Mere hours ago, my girlfriend of several years, the same girlfriend who has inspired me to  "reach for the stars", broke up with me. 

As a therapist, I should have some grasp on how to deal with this sort of situation, but to be frank: Apparently I don't. I feel stuck and completely alone, and I've cried my eyes out for hours. I've had suicidal thoughts and plans before, but now I see no reason to keep on going. I feel exhausted, and plan on jumping from my apartment on the 8th floor in a week. 

I wanted to tell someone before I do.