There is nothing but an abyss left inside of meI don't even know how to start this. There is just so much on my mind. It's supposed to be the holiday season when everything is meant to be blissful, yet I'm watching everything eviscerate itself to the point of no return. I've been depressed for over 5 years now. I turned to substances my sophomore year of high school to fill the void inside of myself, and I know that self medicating only causes depression to spiral out of control even more so...but I had nothing. No one would listen to me. I tried to tell people. I tried to tell my closest "friends", but I get the same rhetoric every time, "Oh it'll get better, man. I promise you.", really? It's only gotten progressively worse over the years.  I still have nothing. All of the people that I cared about never gave a fuck about me. I lived vicariously through other people because I have no love for myself. Fast forward two years after I started abusing alcohol, now I am regularly using opioids whilst drinking. I graduated high school in June, and I wish that I didn't take a gap semester to try to figure stuff out in my life. It only succeeded in making everything worse by tenfold. I can't even feel anything anymore. I don't know what happiness feels like. I can't even cry for myself because the tears are nonexistent now. I still have a suicide note saved just in case I off myself soon. I was going to jump off of a building about 3 weeks ago, but I couldn't bring myself to do it. Even in an inebriated state of mind I was still unable to kill myself. Out of the two people I called only one really cared...it hurt so much because the one that I wanted to care the most was supposed to love me, but it didn't matter because she didn't. She never gave a fuck, and it sucks so bad. Knowing that I wasted such a large chunk on my life as an adolescent on someone who showed their true colors to me at the last second of our relationship. I just need a friend. I just want to feel again. No one wants to feel this way. 