I'm losing hopeI'm only an 18 year old girl but I've suffered from depression for over a decade... Recently, I was severely triggered by a multitude of events. i was sexually molested by a relative younger than me a few years ago, but the feelings have worsened because last year I was sexually assaulted by a classmate. Feelings of guilt due to feeling responsible somehow and defilement have been plaguing me. A few months ago, PTSD-like flashbacks have put me in such a sensitive spot. Around that time, my mother attempted suicide and failed. Ever since that time I have hit an all-time low-- but more and more events have hit me. My friend developed a crush on my sister and each of her rejections of him makes him threaten suicide to me in which i have to be a mediator, another friend has been passive agressively punishing me for not returning his feelings, and i have been stalked by an acquiantance who has tried to touch me suggestively on multiple occassions including last night during my Senior prom. Last week i had attempted suicide for the third time in my life and my family is now a wreck, my mom cannot function and is in no condition to help me and all the slack is left to my father who has chronic injuries of his own. I have to pretend as if i am alright and i have had two major nervous breakdowns in the past month. Despite nearly killing myself I have pretended as if nothing was wrong and have tried to act normal to allow my family to heal. But honestly im so broken inside that every second of every day hurts me. I have to fake being happy and fine when at every solitary moment i sob and wish i was dead. Im such filth and I wish i wouldnt cause those who love me so much harm. I dont know what to do because im so close to attempting again to spare my family more pain from constant failed attempts, but i know i will fail again and make things impossibly worse. Living is such a painful thing even though i have college in a few months and graduation is this week, i should be happy but i literally cant be happy. I wish i had someone to talk to but I'm hurting everyone around me. Everytime i schedule Psychiatric appointments I have been turned away because they are too busy. I literally have very few options left, and I am losing the will and hope to live on. Please, this is my last attempt at reaching out. I need help so badly.