Might kill myself before my bf sees me irl.Fuck. I’m scared and i don’t know what to do.. I feel ugly as all hell and according to my friend my online bf is attractive. And me well i’m not the prettiest cookie in the fucking basket. This is so stressful omg.. We both don’t know what we look like because we haven’t exchanged pictures yet but we started dating because of each other’s personalities. So he could be ugly too but from how things sound he looks good. A lot of girls want him and have a crush on him but i can’t really say the same for myself and that’s telling. He’s sweet and I love him so much but i’m just scared he won’t be interested when we start seeing each others faces. 

I want to believe looks don’t matter but i’m told left and right they do matter, no matter how much we believe they don’t. I’ve even heard that looks effect every aspect of your life and that’s a big yikes for me and explains some things lol. Starting to believe that more and more as time goes on because of how im being treated and how i look. I’m so anxious and scared because he’s talking about seeing me but i’m not ready! I don’t even look alright at all and i can do the bare minimum with myself and i’m just starting to work with my own hair so yeah i look like shit a lot of the times. This is also very nerve wracking for me because i’ve never had a serious relationship like this. We’ve only been together for a short amount of time but he was willing to spend 100 dollars on me and he already sent me gifts this christmas.

I don’t know what the hell he’s expecting me to look like but lord knows i don’t look like a victorious secret model lol. Ugh.. I’m just so afraid he’s going to be let down when he sees me for the first time. I barley even know how to do makeup or style my hair in a cute style. I’m set so fucking far back in life compared to me pears and it hurts. I hope i don’t get banned for saying this but i think to myself

 “𝚆𝚑𝚊𝚝 𝚒𝚏 𝙸 𝚎𝚗𝚍𝚎𝚍 𝚖𝚢 𝚕𝚒𝚏𝚎 𝚛𝚒𝚐𝚑𝚝 𝚗𝚘𝚠? 𝙷𝚒𝚜 𝚖𝚎𝚗𝚝𝚊𝚕 𝚒𝚖𝚊𝚐𝚎 𝚘𝚏 𝚖𝚎 𝚠𝚘𝚗’𝚝 𝚋𝚎 𝚏𝚞𝚌𝚔𝚎𝚍 𝚞𝚙 𝚋𝚎𝚌𝚊𝚞𝚜𝚎 𝚑𝚎’𝚕𝚕 𝚗𝚎𝚟𝚎𝚛 𝚔𝚗𝚘𝚠 𝚠𝚑𝚊𝚝 𝚒 𝚕𝚘𝚘𝚔𝚎𝚍 𝚕𝚒𝚔𝚎 𝚞𝚗𝚕𝚎𝚜𝚜 𝚜𝚘𝚖𝚎𝚘𝚗𝚎 𝚜𝚑𝚘𝚠𝚜 𝚑𝚒𝚖” 

But then i think back to myself 

 “𝙱𝚊𝚍 𝚒𝚍𝚎𝚊.. 𝙸𝚏 𝚜𝚘𝚖𝚎𝚘𝚗𝚎 𝚍𝚘𝚎𝚜 𝚜𝚑𝚘𝚠 𝚑𝚒𝚖 𝚝𝚑𝚎𝚢 𝚖𝚒𝚐𝚑𝚝 𝚙𝚒𝚌𝚔 𝚊 𝚙𝚒𝚌𝚝𝚞𝚛𝚎 𝚒 𝚊𝚋𝚜𝚘𝚕𝚞𝚝𝚎𝚕𝚢 𝚑𝚊𝚝𝚎 𝚝𝚘 𝚜𝚑𝚘𝚠 𝚑𝚒𝚖 𝚖𝚢 𝚏𝚊𝚌𝚎. 𝚆𝚑𝚊𝚝 𝚒𝚏 𝚒𝚗𝚜𝚒𝚍𝚎 𝚑𝚎 𝚠𝚘𝚗’𝚝 𝚋𝚎 𝚊𝚜 𝚜𝚊𝚍 𝚊𝚜 𝚑𝚎 𝚠𝚊𝚜 𝚋𝚎𝚏𝚘𝚛𝚎 𝚋𝚎𝚌𝚊𝚞𝚜𝚎 𝚑𝚎 𝚜𝚊𝚠 𝚑𝚘𝚠 𝚒 𝚕𝚘𝚘𝚔𝚎𝚍 𝚊𝚗𝚍 𝚒𝚝 𝚠𝚘𝚞𝚕𝚍 𝚋𝚎 𝚑𝚊𝚛𝚍𝚎𝚛 𝚏𝚘𝚛 𝚑𝚒𝚖 𝚝𝚘 𝚝𝚎𝚕𝚕 𝚖𝚎 𝚑𝚎’𝚜 𝚗𝚘𝚠 𝚒𝚗𝚝𝚎𝚛𝚎𝚜𝚝𝚎𝚍 𝚒𝚗 𝚖𝚎 𝚋𝚎𝚌𝚊𝚞𝚜𝚎 𝚘𝚏 𝚖𝚢 𝚕𝚘𝚘𝚔𝚜? “

Now i know he wouldn’t say those things or even want to think of it but i’m afraid he’ll start thinking that deep down, one of his guilty thoughts and because of that he wants to erase me from his mind. This all sounds real messed up but these are serious thoughts i have with myself. 

Everyday i feel like i’m becoming more of a shallow shell focusing on my looks and nothing else. It’s consuming me and my time and i waste so much time in the day having panic attacks when i look in the mirror and then get motivated to change myself and then freak out again because i look terrible. And now the feeling is 10x because i have a boyfriend and i have to at least meet a certain standard. I feel so hopeless..

At first i was so happy and content with being with him but then the fear began setting in as soon as i realized how i looked. Fml.