I'm so fucking done with myself.I'm so angry, I'm annoyed , I hate everyone, I'm tired of me fucking up and yelling at the remainder of the people close to me. I have terrible crippling social anxiety I can't go anywhere I almost broke down last week because I had to go buy some fucking food.

I'm so tired of being told to "hang in there!" If you took one step into my disgusting mind you would be begging to get out, I have suicidal homicidal and compulsive tendencies I'm pretty sure I've been hallucinating for about a year now and I go into dissociative type moods where it feels like someone else is in my mind.

I'm on my 3rd shitty therapist who is going no better then the last "have you tried grounding? Here I'll teach you some techniques" I want to kill you.

To whoever reads this go ahead leave your petty small comment telling me it's worth it I don't care no one can convince me your words are mere raindrops to be wiped away in my mind.

I guess I came here because I don't want to feel lonely I've had vivid inescapable daydreams of my family hanging themselves as I kill myself over and over and over again get out of my head.

This isn't normal I'm not normal maybe I should give in maybe I should just crumble under my compulsive mind that rewards me for shameful actions. I'm a gross disgusting being no one knows I'm like this, in fact no one is close to me I can't stand social interaction from the way people piss me off to my intrusive thoughts I'm losing the battle to spurring to being on the verge of a panic attack because social interaction is too much.

I can never say what I want to, I told my closest friend to kill themself, told my father I would rip his throat out in his sleep, I told my mother she is better off dead because she is a cripple, I look like barbed wire was grinded down my legs because I constantly cut while in some form of mania, I'm so lost I don't even shower or brush my teeth and only eat when the pain gets to me, I've lost about 20 pounds at a rapid pace, I used to masterbait all the time but that brings me nothing now I simply sit in bed even writing this has me exhausted, and I swear to god if my teacher assigns one more assignment I'm going to write a code to send him a picture of my dead body with a note that says "you did it"

I've tried to practice religion but it didn't work for me, the way I see it people latch to religion for selfish reasons, they either tell themselves that there is an afterlife and reinforce the idea with thousands of others, or use it to overcome addiction maybe they were born into it?

My parents are constantly screaming at each other as I fall deeper into a state of delusions, MY MIND IS BUILDING IT'S OWN WORLD I am constantly in a state of hearing or seeing things and sometimes I hear people say things they didn't such case with my parents my mother asked me to get out of bed apparently but I heard vivid and clear "your almost 18 get ahold of yourself" 

I think I'm losing it, I am losing it, please help me,
I'm lost, something is in my head that is foriegn, I think I'm a danger to people around me, I know I'm a danger for myself.

I don't want to die I just want everything to stop why me? Please get away from me