I've had it with everything! I'm sick and tired of life!This is an alt account I'm using. I hope that's okay. I'm just desperate to vent out things.

What good is there in life? I see absolutely fuck all! Anything that looks positive is nothing more than a mirage. The moment you become familiar with it, you see all the bad about it, and that's it's all bad, just like everything else!

Everything that could possibly go wrong for me goes wrong badly!

All of my hopes and dreams have been completely shattered!

My dream of becoming an acclaimed game developer is ruined by the fact that the industry is fucked beyond repair! With complete disregard for preservability and more and more reliance on the internet! PC is especially infected with this, with people sucking Valve's dick and praising Steam as the best thing since sliced bread! (Even though it's actually made PC games more expensive they have been in 10 years) So It's not even worth the effort anymore! If I won't be able to see my games on game shelves, then why the fuck should I bother?

My dream of keeping my native language (Scots) alive is ruined by snobby cunts who keep dismissing it as a real language, due to it's similarity to English, despite the fact that both UNESCO and the EU Charter for Minority Languages recognize it as separate language! I get hell for trying to support it, and I'm sick of it! It doesn't help that my family are extremely anglophone and don't approve of me supporting the language!

In fact I'm growing tired of the country I live in! They would tell you, in the Queen's English, that they aren't English, and boast about our freedom and independence, but when they actually had the fucking chance to break free, they shat themselves! It's fucking pathetic! I have never felt so fucking embarrassed to call myself Scottish in all my life! Listening to people here speaking English with our accents is the cringiest thing ever to me! However, I'm so accustomed to how we live and what we eat that I couldn't survive anywhere else!

My dream of having a life partner is ruined by a combination of me being asexual and aromantic and the fact that I've been emotionally abused by people I've was once close to to the point that I have trigger words that would render having a healthy relationship impossible! Even if the words no longer triggered me, what the words describe/represent will still be there and will still ruin things for me!

Even if I found new dreams to pursue, who's to say that they won't be crushed just like the ones above? I'll be spending my entire life switch dreams I'll never achieve. What kind of a life do you call that?

In short, my will to live is dwindling all of the time, and I'm nearly at the end of my rope. I hate everything. Life has way more negative things than positive. I feel like I'm going to snap and kill myself one day, in fact, I don't think I'll be alive to see the summer of 2019...