Feel like this is finally the endHave had a really rocky relationship with my ex that's really long to get into, but there's been a lot of mistakes and miscommunications on both sides.

Recently, she had told me not to contact her again after we got into an argument, but eventually reached out to me and we started talking again. It seemed things were fine until yesterday.

As of late I've been feeling like she hasn't been treating me fairly as a friend; I feel like just about every time I try to bring up how I feel about things she's done that bother me the conversation immediately changes focus to her side of things and completely takes away from me.

A few weeks ago I snapped at her because I felt like she was chastising me while we were playing Final Fantasy XIV and made a mistake. I kept trying to express that I read the tone of her text as hostile and feeling cornered, I responded the way I did. She kept telling me that was no excuse and I should always view good intent with what people say. Fair enough.

Sometime after that we're raiding together and she makes a mistake and mentions what happened. I reiterate it in general just so everyone is aware not to make the same mistake. She immediately messages me and flips out on me because I was "being snarky and just restating what she already knows, and interrupting what she was trying to explain soon after". I kept trying to reason with her that I meant nothing bad whatsoever, but she would hear none of it and kept getting increasingly enraged so I reluctantly dropped the issue.

Fast forward to two days ago. This past week she's been telling me she's had trouble sleeping on time and has asked me to help her sleep earlier. I was calmly trying to suggest to her that perhaps she should brush her teeth sooner after she flosses so she can get into bed earlier.

She immediately responds by calling me mean, which somewhat angers me. I respond and tell her I'm getting fed up with the way she's been treating me lately. Anything I say seems to be taken with negative intent, and I feel like I'm always wrong no matter what I do, and it feels like she never listens to me. I'd been trying to help her sleep earlier but every time I would suggest things nicely she would take my suggestions lightly and never follow them; then she would complain to me that she's not sleeping enough. 

However she responds by saying we can talk about it tomorrow, in a manner that suggested that she more or less ignored everything what I had just said and that it wasn't important at all. I expressed my disdain for this but she immediately flipped out on me saying that I'm not respecting her wishes to disengage while she is upset and I am forcing her to do what I want. She believed I was forcing her to listen to my suggestion but that wasn't the case at all. I kept trying to convey that I just wanted things I say to not be taken negatively. The next day she responded to this by saying she just doesn't want me to give her any suggestions at all from now on.

I keep trying to reason with her about how I feel in general but she isn't keen on listening. Her response was just to talk to my therapist about how she's been acting and that I would more than likely be told to cut her out of my life. She keeps acting like she's my friend but then she goes and says things like this that sound like she couldn't care less about me.

She was playing a game while we were discussing this and narrowly escaped from a mimic trap. I was feeling a heightened sense of adrenaline and anxiety, and feeling trapped and much against my better judgement I messaged her "good, i hope the next one kills you"

She immediately flipped out on me rightfully so and told me to never contact her again, and kept threatening legal action should I message her even once.

I wanted to flip out at her on the night that she called me mean, but I managed to control myself and let my feelings out in my mood journal. I feel terrible because I slipped up last night and made a terrible mistake that I sincerely regret. I tried telling her that I slipped up and I apologized but she told me she didn't care and to stop talking to her.

I struggle with anxiety and severe depression and I feel like I've messed up this relationship beyond repair. She's helped me through so much in the past 2 years and we were extremely inseperable. I recently am dealing with the loss of my grandfather so feeling like I've lost her forever potentially hurts even more. I just wish we could be close again and not argue anymore.

I feel like she's never going to want to talk to me ever, as she's said she's completely lost all respect for me. I really looked up to and admired her as a person so hearing her say that as well as she doesn't like me hurts even more.

I don't feel like going on. I thought about killing myself last night swallowing pills but I was too scared to. if I kill myself it will devastate my grandma even more.

I feel like I've ruined everything.