feeling worthlessHi guys,  
let me start with saying that i'm not in immediate danger of killing myself. However, the thought about ending my life is an almost daily visiting friend of mine for quite a while now. The weird part of that is, that it feels incredibly comforting to me. Thinking about suicide makes my problems suddenly not so important anymore, because you know, if things get worse i still can just end it all. In fact i probably would have ended my life already if i hadn't parents and friends that i do not want to hurt.  
So the reason why i even consider suicide is way to complicated to write everything down here. A few months ago i wrote a bit on this sub and luckily some things got better, but not everything. I had these depressive phases that lasted for a few minutes to hours that really brought me down. These are meanwhile much rarer, sometimes i even get along days without feeling crushed by life. Overthinking things is still a big problem for me.   
After a long search for the reason of my misery i think i can now say that the biggest problem i have is love or sexuality or whatever you want to call that. For the past few years i've been single and nowhere near anything else. Lately it seemed like i had chances with girls, these hopes were crushed tho. And the result of that is that i lay awake and think about why i can't 'score'. Every situation runs trough my mind countless times and i always think about what i should have done instead of what i did and begin to hate me for what feels like always making the wrong choices. That goes so far that i'm still daily thinking about a girl i dated 2 months with a mixture of "there are other women", "maybe i still have a chance somehow" and "i hate her". This sort of affection usually last until another women takes this spot. Because that routine is the same for years now, i really begin to hate myself for who i am and feel like i'm just not worth to be loved. My inferiority feeling is now so big that i sometimes even have problems talking to girls i like.   
For the most part i can play a computergame, drink or do anything else that distracts me to make that bearable, but right now i should be studying for exams that i already failed last year for the same reason i'll probably fail it again: after a few minutes of studying i inevitably have to think about all this shit.  
Thanks for reading.