I tried to kill myself in 2007. I keep reading stories about people so happy they didn't kill themselves because life got better. Mine has only gotten worse.I was in an abusive relationship with a cruel sociopath econ major. Think main character from American Psycho but with no charisma and an extreme victim complex. He coerced me to lose my virginity and the trauma is still there. I did not realize at the time that you will be severely traumatized by bad sex even if you technically agree. Anyone who coerces another person into sex deserves to get tortured to death. They are traumatizing that person, just to get off. I can't think of something more evil. I tried to kill myself just to get away from him because he was making it very difficult to break up with him. I was barely an adult. I did not know a person could be the way that he was. I was sold a lie as a child that people are mostly good or neutral. They are not.

This was over a decade ago. I met a non sociopath man and was only able to escape the situation that way. I couldn't get out on my own; it didn't even work when I moved away. I am currently single but the abuse is still with me.

I've been suicidal since 1994, when my parents moved the family from Texas to Wisconsin and everything turned to shit. I remember after something bad happened I would go into the kitchen, take out a knife, look at it, then put it back. I held it together the best I could as a child and young adult, holding out hope that I can change things, and that's why it wasn't until 2007 that I actually tried. 

Everyone always says it gets better. That's not consistent with my experience. My life has been a downhill shitshow since 1994 and every year new depths of pain are realized.

All those storied online. "I had the gun in my mouth but it didn't work and I felt INSTANTLY GREATFUL THAT I COULD LIVE". "When I got to the top of the bridge I knew I wanted to live and now I have a new family and it's great!!!" Does... does this actually happen to anyone? Because every single day since my attempt, I have wished it worked.

If I had been able to die back then, my niece and nephew would have never met me and therefore wouldn't be traumatized by my upcoming death. My family would have gotten over it by now for sure. I would have never been abused the second or third time. I would have never experienced the completely avoidable, intensely painful and humiliating health problems that came after it as a result of trauma and limited access to healthcare. I would have never felt the existential dread of quitting grad school and giving up on my dream. I would have never seen trump be president. I would have never realized my mother was abusive and been forced to cut her out of my life. I would have never met my most recent x boyfriend who told me he loved me and then ghosted after 2 years of subtle invalidation, emotional coldness, gaslighting, and neglect. I wouldn't have had to work so hard just to fail again and again and again.

There is no equivalent list of good things that I got to see or experience. 

I literally just texted my dad that I had no choice but to kill myself and he pretty much ignored it saying something  like, "sorry this is frustrating for you". My parents look away from anything that isn't rainbows. They are not mentally equipped to deal with reality. They have always been this way, and I have always been alone with my problems, even as a small child. 

Whenever I get into a car, I pray that someone will hit me. Whenever I fall asleep, I beg the lord to take me before I wake up. I do not believe in god but I ask anyway. Waking up is the hardest thing to do because I have to face reality.

Even after the abuse, I still tried. Even after my suicide attempt. I wanted to die, but I tried anyway. I was trying to be a scientist. I love math and science. But it didn't work out, partly due to my lab workers threatening to rape me, partly due to them refusing to take me out to collect the samples I needed, partly due to multiple officials at multiple schools refusing to help ever, partly due to financial reasons because I was the only earner in the household, and partly due to trauma which made it difficult to deal with the other issues.

So I quit grad school part way through and thought well, I lost my life dream. At least if I teach science to younger people, I can help a little.

But then at the high school I taught at, I was abused again by my manager.

I quit after a couple of months because I cared about myself and could tell he was fucking up my head. Nobody was on my side. I was considered lazy after years of being the only earner. I lost my apartment and was shunned and treated like a burden by the very people who I had helped for years before I lost it.

At that point I was cutting myself every day, hitting myself, thousands in debt, completely fucked. I went back and lived with my parents... who proceeded to emotionally abuse me. My mom is batshit insane and started screaming matches with me. They refused to provide a safe home; there was cat urine everywhere and disease was spread throughout that house. If you brought up the fact that you are a human being and aren't meant to be surrounded by poison, you were called a bitch. And you never knew if my insane mom would randomly throw open my door and start harassing me. Or throw my shit away while I was gone. No locks. Or call the vet and cancel an appointment I had made with them without telling me (seriously she did shit like this, just random, destructive, completely insane shit that made no sense). I was almost 30 by then.

What else can someone do? I started drinking and smoking pot. I still smoke pot every day. It's the only way I can eat or sleep. I'm nauseas and exhausted and miserable from the moment I wake up until about 7 or so when I take my first hit. I have taken breaks, and no, it's not better without it.

But I still didn't give up. I took a couple months to pull myself together, and got into school. Eventually I moved out. I'm now a computer science senior with a 4.0 GPA but no internships or personal projects because I'm FUCKING EXHAUSTED FROM LIFE and not able to dedicate my entire brain to computers like these 18 year old boys in class. It's very difficult to code while high as fuck, going through flashbacks. But I still did it. And I fucking did well. But... it turns out, that doesn't matter. Hard work and performance don't matter, if other actors in the world simply choose not to hire you, or give you loans, or allow you to rent from them, or give you insurance. Control is an illusion, unless you are extremely rich.

I just want a job. I want to pay my debts and care for my cats and buy healthy food. People are wrong, you can't get better if your needs aren't met. Humans have needs but we are supposed to pretend we don't. Mindset work is not enough. You can't just think away your problems for decades and expect to be OK. 

And yes of course I've tried therapy. I've tried normal psychotherapy, CBT, DBT, something called existential therapy, medication, yoga, meditation, artwork, journaling, self help books, ... there's probably more because I've been working at this the entire time. Even when I was a child. And nothing helped. Some therapists were neutral, offering me a place to vent, which I guess was kinda nice? But didn't really do anything. Others completely gaslit me and fucked my head up more. In fact, I was actively seeing a therapist every time I was abused and not one of them was smart enough to recognize the abuse and tell me to leave the situation. Literally every problem I had, they thought if I just changed my mindset, then the problem would vanish. They wouldn't believe me or listen to me or accept that hey guess what IF YOU DONT HAVE YOUR NEEDS MET, OR ARE IN A TOXIC SITUATION, YOU WILL HAVE PROBLEMS, AND THESE PROBLEMS ARE SOLVED BY GETTING YOUR NEEDS MET OR LEAVING THE TOXIC SITUATION, NOT TELLING YOUSELF YOU DONT FUCKING HAVE NEEDS AND EVERYTHING IS FINE! I feel like the entire mental health system in the US failed me. I feel like they have the same goals as everyone else: patch me up just barely enough so that I can get back to work and prove I deserve to be here on this planet by selling my soul.

But I guess now I can't get financial aid. I appealed and it was lost. I do not think I have it in me to figure out an alternative, if there is one. And it's already a month into school. I'm fucking exhausted.

Even if I can somehow pay for this last year in school, I still have to try to get a job, then try to keep that job. I am 33 and have very poor work history. Abusive managers are rampant, and the chance that I will be traumatized again in a company setting is very high. Even if it is not a toxic environment, can I handle all the work? Even if I can handle all the work, will I have anything left in my soul at the end of the day to actually live? Experience says no. Experience says I will be miserable but a little less than now. I'm not a good worker bee, I'm not a good little piece of capitol, therefore the system has decided I do not deserve access to things that would help my health problems. 

So... why work a constant, miserable, decade+ long uphill battle just so things can get marginally better, but never actually healthy? That's IF they even get marginally better, which has not yet happened.

That's why I want to die. Self compassion. I've tried everything else. I care about myself more than anyone else has ever cared about me. And it is up to me to end my suffering. 

I'm not going through another midwest winter.