It doesn't actually get better, contrary to whatever people sayIt seems like every day more and more rage gets pent up inside me and i fall deeper down the cracks. I've been diagnosed with depression for nearly a decade and it's never been better except when I was in relationships. But just like my mother all the women in my life have left me without explanation or closure with complete disregard to my well being. I've had my stint with suicidal thoughts and half-assed attempts where I tried something, hoped it didn't actually kill me and someone found me in time ,  or I just didn't have the balls to pull the trigger in case I ended up in Hell or somewhere infinitely worse than where I already am. I'm scared of what comes after but there's nothing I can do to fix this. I've tried medication after medication, I've tried drug abuse,  I've tried exercise and psychedelic ventures, but every time I'm alone I fall into self-loathing. 

Everytime I'm around my friends, I can tell that I'm just a black hole sucking all the positive energy out of anyone in the room. I constantly hurl insults without filters unaware of how they effect people and I just carry a tired, hopeless energy with me. I really do people pick up on that aura. The only thing keeping me from dying at this point is a trip I want to take to Montana but due to being a wagecuck, I'd never be able to save up the money or have the time to make the trick. I tried to do it selling drugs, whether it was acid, shrooms, weed or xanax. I couldn't resist spending the money I saved or giving it to my 'friend' that still owes me hundreds in hopes of a return.

I'm neglected by my father, and every time he tries to talk to me to break the ice, I just freeze up and feel angry the entire time. I can tell he cares, he's just busy serving his sociopath fiancee. I just started a new job that makes me feel just as useless as ever considering my training with a fat cunt of a boss, and I don't think I can do it anymore. I've never had the balls to do it in the past, but I'm at an all time low. Drugs do nothing for me anymore; I'm half a bottle of SoCo and half a xanax bar deep and I feel just as sober and sad as before. I'm an unloveable piece of shit, despite the fact that I got laid a ton in high school, and now I haven't even felt the warmth of a woman in over a year. My bed feels empty and cold most nights, and I have to hold my pillow pretending that it's someone who cares enough to give me intimacy before I can finally drift off to sleep. I never sleep well, I wake up at least 5 times in a night.

I'm battling bipolar, panic disorder and depression all at once and no medication has ever improved my quality of life for an extended period of time. I refuse to see a therapist, because I cant cry anymore after a ton of my friends have died. I don't deserve the relief. I'm a stain on my family, and I deserve to be removed like the cancer I am. I really want a family and children, despite being 21, but I know that they'll probably deal with the same issues I do.

Maybe this isn't for suicidewatch, and it's just a much needed venting session where I can be relatively concise and coherent despite my current intoxication, but I feel like the end is approaching. The reaper is looking over my shoulder, and the voices in my head are telling me that it's time. it won't be tonight, probably. I can just feel the breaking point approaching.