I've day dreamed of killing myself since I was a child...No throwaway, nothing like that. I've tried describing this feeling to my parents, but even with history of trauma I grew up in not the best house hold. No father, mother working two jobs, brothers and sisters all much older. My oldest brother has almost a 20 year age difference on me.

Anyways, I don't know why. It's something I've tried to be vocal about but I find that in modern days those who "want to help" are far more fucking annoying than those who will just have a logical conversation with ideas, opinions, facts, thoughts to be shared. 

I'm not going to kill myself this second, nor do I plan on it. But I do often day dream of killing myself, how it'd affect others. And more recently, the past year or so after experimentation with pot, women, and living I really got a new perspective. I was no longer that basement dwelling kid who played video games all day, but instead I'd smoke, bang hot chicks, and have friends. 

Well that's how everyone wants me to live my life, but I don't, and I can't be happy doing what I used to do. I find that more often than not, as of recent, I've wanted to kill myself not for the harm and sadness it'd cause others, but more because I can no longer take others...

It's not easy communicating with people who don't understand, aren't too bright, or just generally don't even process your information even when they seem to be hearing the words you're saying. My family, it's not very easy... a lot of addicts, but not junkies... worse. Functioning, middle class, addicts. 

The happy glow on the outside quickly becomes the regular fighting, pill popping, and drinking. 

I'm at a point where there's nothing here left for me, I'm still youngish, 18. But I've lived a pretty eventful life, I've had a lot of amazing opportunities to work with people I looked at as celebrities (On YouTube) due to my work in Graphic Design, Animation, and entertainment. I've had thousands of hours of laughs and smiles, and perhaps just as many in the real world as I did the online world.

I don't suppose there's a point to any of this, but I feel like I wanted to just tell somebody. I have a female friend in another state, we've known each other for many years now and I don't know. I want to tell her I love her, but I don't. I don't love her, she likes me a lot, but to me she's the only person I have mentally/intellectually. I can't converse or discuss anything with anyone else seemingly, I had a bad break up like half a year back and I was happy before that? I think, and before the girl I broke up with. I don't know, my point is, I know I don't love the first girl, my friend so I instead went and hugged my mother and told her I loved her, and she gave me a groan and a pissy face unlike normal (normal meaning, the other ~4 times I've gone up to my mom in that manner, hugged her, and told her I loved her in the past year). I know its' just because of her current situation, having to go down to my sisters' house to wash clothes, and my brother getting on her nerves... ugh, I used to love the kid, seriously. But I can't stand the fucking sight of my own brother anymore. I think I'm gonna leave soon, not leave leave. But I need some space. 

I want to delete this, all of this, just as I have many posts similar in the past. But I'm just going to see what happens, and if anyone of you can help, can explain to me what's going on this fucking skull because it feels like a process is using all of my brains CPU and I'm fucking overworked and overloaded but I fucking do nothing all day besidAwzsedX 