I am done. I can't handle it anymore. I am just done. it ends todayI am 38, I am morbidly obese and struggle with it my entire life.  today for example I had one piece of pork chop and a half a cup of rice and a half a cup of peas for breakfast it was all I had to eat in the house. it was my left over dinner from last night. my cousin can literally eat an entire large 8 slice pizza in one sitting then 5 hours later go back in the kitchen eat 4 hot dogs on bread with mayo and cheese and still not gain weight, sleeps 12 hours a day plays video games the other 12. I on the other hand basically starves myself and eats very little and works out an hour in the morning, an hour in the evening and counts my cals in and cals out. and drinks water. his cal intake is way over 3000 and hes 35 yrs old and only a 180 lbs and never gains. when we have hamburgers for dinner once per month he eats 6 of them with everything on it and the buns. me, I eat just the patty and only two. I basically torture myself with not being able to eat good food because it seems everything I eat just goes right to my stomach, thighs, legs, butt, arms, face. 

I have been around 400 lbs my entire life and struggled with it my entire life since I was a kid and have always been active. played sports, etc was homeless for many years still couldn't lose weight. past eight years I decided to put myself out there in the dating scene figured why not. fuck it. I got over all my insecurities, learned to accept my body and weight, learned to love who I was and accept myself for me. was not an easy road considering my entire family told me I was a horrible person, I was ugly, I was disgusting, I was trashy etc. 

Well in the dating scene all I got was rejected, told the same things my own family told me, I was ugly, trashy, disgusting, worthless, useless, had nothing to offer, no woman would want me, I am nothing but filth, I should be ashamed of myself for being so fat, I am worse than a drug addict for being so fat, How could I get so fat. Mocked at, laughed at, made fun of even told to end my own life. 

Past eight years I have had women tell me I sound like a great guy, a decent guy, a wonderful guy, I would make a great boyfriend, a wonderful husband, a wonderful dad, any woman would be lucky to have a man like me, but as soon as they see a pic of me and see my weight their entire tone changes and I am a horrible person and I don't deserve anything and I am disgusting and filthy etc etc etc. 

I can't take living in this world anymore being unloved, unwanted, not needed, undesired, uncared for. I can't do it anymore. I been alone my entire life from the age of 5, I literally can't do it anymore. just going out in public seeing couples together, it kills me inside and my heart drops to my feet because its all I want is someone to get close to, to share my life with to build a life with. When I hear women talk about how their recent ex left them or cheated on them or dumped them or used to beat them, it breaks my heart because here these guys had a good woman, and a child, didn't give a crap and took it for granted and in the mean time here I am can't even get one date and all I get is rejection after rejection. I just can't do it anymore. I am done. goodbye.