Easter alone, dumped by my husband of 8 years by message, feeling hopeless and done You can read the details of what's been happening in the last few weeks in my post history if you want.

TLDR: Had a drunken altercation w husband that ended w him facing charges and on a no-contact order. Five days ago I got home from work and he messaged me that "He's got to go do his own thing, he's moving across country and has to 'follow his dreams'" That we are over because he needs to do this on his own. Yet he hasn't "unmarried" me on fb or anything and I feel like he's just dangling me on a string until his court dates are done. 

 I'm so alone, I have no friends or support; we've been best friends for 8 years. Now I'm just surrounded by all the detritus of our lives together and I don't even know how I'm going to pay my rent or keep my job. It just doesn't feel worth it. 

 I'm in my 40s, I've never loved like this, if you asked me a month ago I would have said I was the happiest woman in the world and now I can't eat, can't sleep and can't stop thinking about just putting my shotgun in my mouth. I feel like there's nothing to go on for and no reason to. The local crisis line put me on hold for ten minutes and then they guy just didn't even want to listen, told me to call a womans shelter. They were nice enough there but couldn't really tell me anything, just said they could get me an outreach councillor in a week or two.

 I tried packing some of his stuff so I wouldn't have to keep staring at it but I tripped on my cat and fell down the stairs the other night and can't really lift anything, plus it just rips me open to touch it. 

 I feel like my life is over, I've failed completely at everything that mattered to me and I'll never have a chance to get it back. Nobody would miss me, I have very little family and they haven't had contact with me since this happened, except for my adult daughter who said "I told you so, it didn't seem like he liked you much anymore". The only 'friend' I thought I had just tried to hit on me while I was sobbing, so much for that.

 Everyone is eating turkey with people who love them and I'm just sitting here trying to eat the last can of food in my house. I don't even know why I'm bothering to do that except I don't know who'll look after our cats when I go, they are good cats though and I'm sure that they could find a home.

 I'm sorry for rambling but I'm just so lost and very tempted just to quit. I've got a stash of 100 valiums and 200 seroquil plus a double barrel 12 gauge and it'd be so easy. All the heartbreak, the money stress, the worry I'm going to lose my job and be homeless would all just be gone. Help, please. I have to find a reason to go on or I won't. The urge is just getting worse and worse.

  