Police, guns, alcohol, suicide hotline, psych ward. Wondering what to do nowMiddle of July I had a gun in my mouth for the umpteenth time in the past two years. This is the time I called the suicide hotline, I later found out my BAC was a .27. My phone shows that I called them twice, the first time I remember them hanging up on me because I said I wasn't in crisis and I didn't want to kill myself. I did, I just didn't want them to send the cops. Well the second phone call ended somehow and I remember thinking fuck, no one cares. I was vindicated, I could finally do this. A little voice in my head told me to call the cops. Biggest mistake of my fucking life. They found me on my porch drinking the last of my bottle of scotch. 

Things get really blurry after this point, I led them in my house and gave them my guns, a beautiful customized Beretta 92fs and a Glock. They still have them in their possession and refuse to give them back. Fuck them. Then they put me in handcuffs, I did not resist once physically and they did no physical harm to me whatsoever. But once the handcuffs came on I became belligerent and verbally abusive. On the way to the hospital, I'm told that I started taunting the cops about their dead soldier friends(he was a 4 tour veteran) They marched me into the ER where great, an immediate family member works. I'm piss drunk, called the cops on myself and am now ABUSING the cops that came to my door. They take my blood and so begins the drunk meltdown in the ER screaming abuse at anyone who comes near me. I never became physical with them nor them to myself. I called them cunts, told them I wished they were dead, made fun of their appearances, talked shit. I had one single moment of clarity when I realized how drunk I was, standing half naked in the ER screaming at nurses, my kin, cops, and everyone else. I remember for that once second the utter look of pity on their faces. Look at this sad little man, this broken piece of shit. This mean, bitter little fuck. And in that moment I realized I should have pulled the trigger.

I am a total piece of shit and I will never forgive myself for the words I used that night. They were recounted to me by my kin a few days later while I just sat there and sobbed and wished I was dead. I am mortified with myself and I do not deserve forgiveness from myself or from any of the people I came in contact with that night. About a half hour into my drunken abusive rant a nurse came in and 'nuked' me. Stuck a needle in my ass and I was out cold. I remember screaming the whole time Just let me go home. They informed me they had an emergency court order signed by a judge at 11 pm. The next morning I awake and they are afraid I am going to get the DT's so they start pumping me full of benzos. They said I had an alcohol problem because no one my size (130lbs) should have been up and walking and doing what I did the night before. I do drink quite a lot but I knocked it off since I came home. That day they sent me to the psych ward for three fucking days. 3 hours away from my home and work. I missed three shifts and almost lost my job.

I came home to find out the judge never signed the order. I cheekily applied for a permit to purchase a pistol, I received it. Once again I felt vindicated. These people don't give a fuck about me, they could give a shit if I blow my head off. I walked out of the gun store with a beautiful Beretta a few weeks ago. I've taken it out a couple times, runs great. I'm still here because my lawyer is advising me to sue the hospitals and police for the obvious violation of civil rights. Without a signed court order they shouldn't have been able to do anything of the things they did. Plus they are illegally holding onto my property. 

I'm happier now at least, my 26th birthday is coming up soon, I volunteer at the animal shelter everyday and they genuinely love me there. But I am haunted by my words that night. I fear the guilt is going to catch up to me soon. If this case goes to trial then that bodycam footage will be made public. I don't think I can survive the public hate that will be coming my way. I'm mortified by who I became that night. I quit drinking cold turkey for 6 weeks. I started up again but I haven't drank more than 3 drinks in one sitting. I'm terrified by that disgusting piece of shit I became that night. If I ever see him again it's going to be lights out. I haven't talked to anyone yet. They all think it was because of a breakup a year ago. She cheated on me and it was messy but honestly I'm over that shit. It's more of an existential dread because of climate change. I made an appointment with a therapist the day after I came home. We made an appt 1 week out, she called and delayed for a week, then another two weeks and I gave up. Fuck mandatory reporters anyway, I'm not going back to a psych ward for going through a normal rough patch in my life. 

I needed to get this out. I don't think I'm in any danger right now. I just want to know what to do with the guilt, because whatever blurry memories I have from that night have been replaying in my head nonstop since I came home. It's a dark, deep, inward cringe that makes me want to reach for my gun case. I can't apologize to that officer, I don't deserve to be acknowledged by him. I don't know what to do at this point but keep going and pray that bodycam footage never sees the light of day, but I know deep down that's not true. I am about to be crucified nationally. Drunk dipshit tells veteran he hopes he dreams about his buddies getting blown up. Jesus fuck here it comes again. I don't know about myself anymore. I'm a judgemental, angry, blame the world piece of shit. I don't deserve the good things in life. Fuck me.