I'm exhaustedI don't normally tell people about myself feeling like this but it's just piling up and I can't keep it in anymore because I'm scared of doing something stupid.

I lost my job when my country went into lockdown back in April and I haven't been able to get back into work since, meaning that I have no money or social life to an extent. Every job that I've applied for since has come up as unproductive and I never even get an acknowledgement that I've applied for it in the first place. It's like I don't even exist at this point.

I'm still living with my parents, who don't exactly get along. My dad never stops causing rows in the house and it's getting to the point where my mum is threatening to walk out. Being an only child, I don't have anyone else I can talk to about it who's dealing with the same situation directly. I have DID, and can't tell my parents about it, due to their lack of interest in me and nonchalant attitude towards mental health. My mum refuses to let me see a doctor about how I'm feeling as she doesn't believe in mental health and sees it as "a waste of doctor's time". I am not diagnosed with depression, however I'm almost 100% sure at this point that I have it as I have been feeling exactly the same for nearly 5 years now, I'm 19 currently. I know self-diagnosis is looked down upon most of the time but I'm pretty definite. My mum is very passive aggressive towards me and often insults me when she thinks I can't hear her, or mumbles to herself even if she knows I can hear, almost as if she enjoys making me feel like shit.

I left college over a year ago, where I was basically ignored for 2 years straight, due the the fact I wasn't and am not deemed "attractive" or "interesting", which I agree with in all honesty. I took a course in agriculture and was immediately seen as the odd one out in my class due to the fact I had no farming background whatsoever. If I ever found someone to hang out with, (normally people I knew outside of college, who happened to go there too), I would get verbally attacked by my classmates because they thought I was weird. It got to the point where I was basically not allowed to hang around with anyone, unless I was prepared to get bombarded with insults when I had another lesson. No one ever kept in touch once I left and the one person I thought I'd managed to make friends with (and also had a crush on) also never spoke to me once college was over. This was also the first time I dealt with unrequited feelings, which just added to my mood. 

In high school, I didn't have much motivation to do school work, although I did build up a solid friend group and overall had a good time. My grades were very poor when it came to my final year exams and then just to make me want to kick the bucket even more, not a single friend, bar one, ever spoke to me again once we left school, my best friend included. I don't know what I did wrong. 

I ended up with a girlfriend in high school and stayed with her for a while until we eventually needed a break. She was incredibly pressuring and overbearing when it came to openly expressing feelings towards each other, which I struggle with in general, due to the fact I've been diagnosed with psychopathy, so I struggle to empathise with others greatly. I could tell she was beginning to get sick of my lack of understanding as she would start to get passive aggressive and constantly ask me what my problem was. However, she has never been with another partner and is completely obsessed with me, to the point where she can't stand the idea of me being with someone other than her. To this day, she continues to pressure me over being in a relationship with her which is awkward for me because we get along perfectly fine when we're not on that topic and we're very good friends. She is also the person who kept in contact after high school, if it weren't obvious enough. I don't wish to be in a romantic relationship with her anymore but I feel constantly guilty for being against it.

I ended up with my second job around 3 months after I left college, the first job was a part time gig on a farm while I was on the course. I met my second boyfriend at my second job and that perked things up a bit. My job was boring and monotonous, but as I had a developing crush, I was happy to go to work just to see him. We ended up getting together just before Christmas last year as our seasonal shift ended and we were together for around 4 months, which doesn't seem long but we grew very close in that time. As soon as the UK went into lockdown, he suddenly never spoke to me and it stayed that way for a solid 8 months. I did try to contact him but I ended up being ghosted, so in the end I gave up, until a few days ago when I had the guts to contact him just to clear things up. I'm not angry at him, as I understand he had some very rough things going on at home, which I can't mention here as it's not my place to. I believe we've left each other on a friend basis, so I'm not particularly salty over it anymore and I haven't been in a romantic relationship since. This is unrelated and very personal, but another thing which didn't help my mood, in relation to partners and relationships, is I'm one of the very lucky women who has a complete inability to reach climax during sex with a partner. It sounds like it shouldn't bother me much as it could get better, but it really doesn't help with my relationship status, even if I never blame my partner for it. Therefore, since my last boyfriend and I stopped talking, I haven't had any sexual activity with anyone other than myself for nearly a year now. I assume this can also affect moods? But I'm unsure with this stuff.

My social life is incredibly poor; I only have one person who talks to me regularly, that being the only person from high school who kept in contact with me. I don't go out with people as I have no one to go out with and the small friend group that I have, absolutely hate each other, so planning group trips is completely out of the question. This paired with the lockdown rules currently, has made my social life basically nonexistent. All I want to do is have friends that actually want to do things and spend time with each other and not end up in an argument at the drop of a hat. If I'm brutally honest, I feel incredibly lonely as I have nothing to do except sit by myself and try not to feel sorry for myself. I don't want to seem like I'm making things worse for myself, but I feel like I've entered the stage where nothing seems to get better; I have no motivation to do anything, I barely talk to my parents, I spend all my time on my own, I eat even when I'm not hungry and then I put on weight and that turns to hatred towards myself, so the cycle continues. The only things I have to keep me company a majority of the time are my dogs.

My family aren't very well off when it comes to money; we're practically on the breadline even without lockdown, so there's currently the added risk of us losing our house, which is in turn, making my parents stressed, which makes them even more snappy with each other and there's no chance of me moving out and getting my own place any time soon, so I can't get away from it. 

I do art in my spare time, which is one of the only things I can feel relaxed doing and I never really get any response to it. I do post my stuff on instagram, but that doesn't bother me, I just want one of my parents to say that something looks good for once. My cousins also do art and my parents give them a lot of recognition and I guess I just feel left out, as childish as it sounds. I feel like I've developed an inferiority complex to other members of my family. 

I'm conflicted about university, as I did apply for a course in animal management, however my college managed to mess up my UCAS application and my UNCONDITIONAL offer ended up being rejected. This also made my motivation completely disappear and I haven't tried to apply for another course since. All the courses I was tempted to apply for, I'm either not qualified enough for, or I'm told I'm not intelligent enough to do. 

I've got to the point where I just feel useless. I'm not benefiting anyone else, or myself by being here. I'm just there being a waste of space, feeling sorry for myself and never doing anything to better myself. It doesn't matter how many times people tell me I just have to push myself, I just don't. I have no motivation. I have no want or need to better myself and I just think I'd be better off not being here at all. I can't tell if I've under exaggerated any of my points as it may not sound like any of it is a big deal to anyone else but it's just one thing after another, piling up onto each other and I can't do this anymore. I'm exhausted, all I want to do is sleep. Nothing is getting better, it's all just getting worse every single day. I just don't see the point anymore.

I'm sorry this was a long rant and I understand if no one can be bothered to read a stranger's random suicidal paragraph, but it just being here helps me feel like it's off my chest.