On a dark path, need some wordsI’ve been depressed for as long as I can remember and feeling suicidal lately. Tonight I took a huge potentially fatal dose of opiates, not with suicide intent but certainly a fuck it attitude.

My family is limited to parents and a very distant brother, they are totally dysfunctional and have a very cold sort of love for me. I had parents growing up not “loving” parents. I don’t have the same happy / supportive net that many do here, so in many ways this makes me feel lonely.

Friends, this is where I really struggle, I have a few close friends and a wide network of “friends”. Nobody to really hang out with and comfortably talk about problems though. It’s been this way my whole life. I get incredible anxiety and crushing loneliness on the weekends when I spend whole days alone because nobody bothers with me despite my extraordinary efforts.

Relationships, I had a very very intense one and felt happy for a brief period. I opened up to her like a book and she walked out on me crying on the floor of our empty house after the last of the stuff had been gone. She left to “go work on herself” and is now taking cocaine multiple days a week and hooking up with strangers. I haven’t seen her since. I haven’t met anyone else since, had the emotional energy to go on a date or, rather pathetically, managed to even muster the confidence to hook up with anyone.

I’ve been on a path of “things will get better if you work hard on yourself” for YEARS now. I’ve put my blood and soul into hobbies, gym, socialising, work. Where am I? The lowest mentally I’ve ever been. I moved city to try a fresh start, the same. At the end of the day the commonality is always ME. Maybe it’s my appearance, body language, something about me that just makes me “meh” to other people, some sort of background noise. Maybe my brain is dysfunctional and wasn’t meant to be happy, constantly overthinking and overanalysing. 

I used to be depressed but buoyed by bursts of hope driven life enthusiasm, now I feel so disillusioned that I dismiss the hope and every day feels like a chore. I think I will probably end up killing myself in the near future.