Don't see the point.I apologize for how rambling and stupid this is probably going to be.  I have been considering posting here for a while, finally figured I may as well. I do not even really know what the point of posting here. None of you know me or ever will so any kind words you will say will be purely hollow, but who knows maybe there will be a catharsis to it. 

Why not begin at the beginning? I actually can recall my first memory, the first time I realized I was some sort of living being consciously. It was before preschool so I was probably 4 maybe? I remember sitting there and crying, what was the point of this? Why am I alive? Not much has changed in my thoughts since then, haha. 

I am absolutely worthless. I have nothing positive to me in any way. I am a subhuman piece of garbage. No, that's not true. Garbage was at least at some point a useful item; even shit was at one point life giving food. I sadly never had the luxury of ever being useful to anyone or anything. No one has ever cared about me and no one ever will. I cannot imagine an existence in which I will ever be happy, where I will ever belong with other people. I have done many things in my life that maybe someone else could be proud of, but I have never felt pride or happiness in anything. I just can't care. 

I can never belong with people. The weird and creepy people that everyone laughs at or doesn't like? Imagine being them. Imagine literally being unable to ever make friends, no matter how nice or outgoing or doing anything you thought it would take to make anyone care, being so disgusting and wretched that no one could even pretend to care about your existence. What's even funnier is even the weirdest people have friends. Even the shittiest person you know has people that they spend time around. I am literally too shitty for anyone. At the start of college I went so long without saying more than a few words to anyone. And that really is a skill. Just like a muscle, it atrophies away. It is a vicious cycle. The sad thing as at the start I thought I was doing well and people may like me, but once again I was wrong. And then it compounds. You don't talk, and then you lose the ability, then you can't talk, you lose even more. I used to be able to speak, now my voice has turned into this stupid fucking whisper and I misspeak all my words and feel like such a fucking moron. And that's when I can even work up the courage to do so. It must be so unimaginable to normal people. When people speak, I have such a hard time being able to say anything. Long ago I learned no one cared what I had to say so I kept it to myself. Now it takes all of my conviction to even say anything aloud. 

I do not know why I had to be born. I wish I hadn't been. Sometimes I tell myself, hey you probably have Klinefelters or hey you probably have autism. You know what? I probably don't. I have no excuse for being the retarded piece of shit that I am.

And then it goes on, I am disgustingly ugly and have struggled with my weight for a long time. And that doesn't mean oh I am just super fat. I have actually struggled. I have gained and lost 100 pounds multiple times in my life. I went from running marathons to literally not being able to run. 

And this, combined with my social retardation, could be worked on and fixed right? That's what makes it even worse. I am the creator of all my problems. That's what's so funny. "Oh it gets better, your problems will work out." I AM THE PROBLEM! I am the fucking problem in my life. I could try blaming my parents or my peers or a higher power or anything I could conceive of, but it wasn't them. It was fucking me. I made myself this way, I live my life this way. I am so shitty I can't do anything to ever improve my life. That's what makes it worse. The blame falls on me and I am too much of a retard to ever fix it. I don't blame everyone for fucking hating me and not wanting to be around me. I certainly fucking agree. I wish I could be away from myself. I wish I didn't have to be me either. 

And I think this also ties into another thing. Sometimes girls have given me a chance. It's so funny, they tell me I am so nice and sweet and everything they wanted. And then they spend time with me and get to really know me and realize how fucking shitty I am. I used to tell myself, hey you're a good guy and if they gave you a chance, then they would see that and maybe like you. And years ago I realized that wasn't fucking true. People gave me chances, I was just too fucking shitty to ever belong with them or anyone else. Imagine being so shitty that the second anyone really got to know you at all they were so disgusted they wanted nothing to do with you. And why not discuss sex and things, I am spilling plenty of other stuff. I have very small genitalia which has ever been a source of shame to me. Not only that, I also have penis pimples and two urethra's. But the even better part is that sex does not feel like anything to me. I have had it before and it literally does not stimulate me in any way. My penis has no feeling to it I guess. And even better, my testicle constantly hurts, my urethra burns, and when I ejaculate sometimes it is painful. Urination can be difficult at times and uncomfortable also. Sometimes I feel I was given probably the worst genitals haha, literally nothing works correctly. 

I think I may actually be insane. There was a time a few months ago where I felt I was outside my fucking body and I was walking around and I just had absolutely insane desires to do things I won't describe for risk of possible legal issues or something effecting me in real life. And that doesn't even tie into other things that I may or may not desire that are also absolutely reprehensible but I would never discuss with anyone, not even on this anonymous forum.

I am just absolutely insane. Terrible in every way. I literally have no redeeming factors. Not a single fucking one. I will never be happy. I will never succeed. I will never belong. No one will ever care, especially when they get to see the fucking monster that I really am on the inside that I even lie to myself about. I know I am evil. I do not deserve to live. I should be fucking dead or locked in a cage deep underground. 

I got so close to killing myself many times in my life. I have wanted to do it for probably ten years now. It's so funny, people say it goes away but it never fucking does. I got close one time and I wish I had the fucking balls to do it. But I fail even in that. Some people had ruined my reputation at my school and all my peers hated me and I would just go home every day and write a suicide note in my head, thinking about how it wouldn't even fucking matter. It's so funny to me how other people who are considering suicide says "oh such and such would miss me, my friends would feel bad." If I killed myself, no one would even notice let alone care at all. When I was going to kill myself I literally tried to reach out to people so they could tell me not to kill myself, no one cared. People literally just didn't care if I killed myself. It's so fucking hilarious. People would probably fucking celebrate. They would all love it so much if I was dead I fucking know it. I see it every fucking time. 

Nothing matters to me. I prefer feeling nothing, because when I do feel something it's fucking crushing misery and I just wish I was dead. Why did I have to be this person. The worst fucking person I have ever met. Everyone else can just be happy, make friends, be normal. Why couldn't I have just been like that. Why did I have to be this way. I honestly don't know. 

What set me off is today I was supposed to work with a female partner in a class and she refused. This is after she refused to work with me all last semester. Apparently I am so gross she can't even stand to be with me for a few minutes. So I lie and tell the professor we are working together because I do not have the guts to ever stand up for myself because I'm a spineless cretin, as I fall behind. 

Tl;DR: I am probably one of the worst people around. I have no positive factors and I am actually downright terrible. I want to kill myself and just get it over with. The rest of my life is going to be like this. What is the point in being a piece of shit for 80 years when I could just speed up to the end now and get it all over with? There is so much more that I could say but this is getting long enough as it is. I could go into more details about just how shitty I am, but none of you care. None of you can say anything that could change who I am. 