I haven't experienced suicidal thoughts this frequently in my life.I don't plan to commit suicide, which is important to note, but I strongly desire to and it's grown stronger than ever. One of the few things keeping me from doing so is that I don't want to hurt the few immediate family members that care for me, or my SO. I also tend to push away the urges because I still have a little bit of hope left that things will get better.

But anyway, ever since my SO and I were hit by a car three months ago, where I sustained a concussion among other injuries, I've been much more depressed, anxious, and suicidal. I know it's a result of the accident, which is a little comforting to know that I'm not completely crazy or imagining things. Before the accident I was only functionally depressed with typical social anxiety, and only occasionally I'd entertain suicidal ideation.

But now, I've become increasingly, unbearably suicidal. I unfortunately live in a place where many of the psychiatrists here are either quacks (such as advocating that ADHD isn't real) or croakers (prescribing narcotics at the drop of a hat), so it's been difficult for me to get real help. It's starting to become a real fear that one day I will become so intensely suicidal that the rational thought process will be missing and the prospect of hurting my family or having no chance to improve will not be there, or even cross my mind. I've been self medicating with beer and weed, but even still the depression is unbearable when it comes. 

I'm just so tired and I truly feel as if I'm at my wit's end. I often fantasize about escaping somewhere else. I feel lonely physically and emotionally, and very hollow. I've even thought about voluntarily committing myself but I'm scared of doctors I know or potential employers finding out, or being unable to pay for the hospital stay. Things like suicide hotlines are completely useless to me because I've deliberated the prospect for a very long time, and only in the past few months have I seriously become wrapped in ideation, and phrases like "it gets better" and "someone loves you" are nothing but empty phrases of encouragement to me. I realize this is stubbornness, but what else can I think if I know that the only way I can truly escape is through my own death?