I think I’m readyI don’t know what it was about today, but I think I’m finally ready to take the leap and end it. I have work till 9pm tomorrow, then after I think I’ll buy myself a one way ticket to Hawaii. Why not go out with a nice trip eh? 

Having to deal with this issue for so long really drains you man. Even with the new position I achieved at work, I’m finding ways to screw it up. I’m really doing nothing with my life besides screwing up. My work can find someone 100% more work efficient then my sorry excuse of a human being. 😂

I just want to apologize to my parents for what I’m going to do. Mom, dad.. You did your best raising me. I’ve always tried helping others before helping myself. You guys never gave up on me when I dropped out of college and decided to work full time. You were always there for me even when I thought you weren’t. You guys were the best parents. I’ll always love you guys wherever I end up once this is over. 

To my brother and sisters. I might have not been the best brother. Always in my room and never at family gatherings. Don’t think I never went because I don’t love you guys. You guys were the best siblings a little bro could ask for! You always took the time to help me with school and any other problem I had. I’ll always love you guys. 

To my coworkers. Hey, sorry I’m ditching work to take care of this. I hope you guys won’t be to mad. Thanks for the good memories guys. 

To my nephew. Hey bud, sorry I won’t have a chance to see you grow up. I just hope your at that age where you won’t remember who I am. I love you buddy! Grow up a better man then me.

And lastly to my best friend. Dude you’ve been my partner in crime since middle school. All those late night video game parties. You hit me in the nuts multiple times, and I screwed up your back so many times, but that never stopped us from being Friends. You weren’t just my friend, but my brother. When you told me you were accepted into law school I was so happy for you. Out of me and you, I always knew you’d do something with your life, even if you started out in a rough patch. I’m proud of you man. You’ll make something with your life. I’m just sad I won’t be around to see it. 
I love you man. 

god bless.