Strongly Considering SuicideI've been feeling like this for the past 2 years and it's been getting worse for me internally recently.   Objectively, life is looking up. I've felt like this mildly since high school, but never this intensely before.

 I have a plan ready to go, but I'm just too chickenshit to go through with it. The biggest reason for me wanting to do so is because I'm uncomfortable with myself, I am full of self-loathing, and I'm also too afraid to come out to anyone. I hate my appearance, and I'm not content with who I am personally. I hate having to continue living a lie. I came to terms with my sexuality not too long ago last year. I'm most likely gay and I haven't felt physical attraction to a girl since when I was younger, although it might not have been attraction in the first place, Idk. I was raised as such in a fairly religious household. I've told 2 friends that I'm Bi just so the stigma isn't as bad, but Idk if I actually am Bi or just gay. I just know I will lose friends/family if I do come out and I'm stuck at an impasse: Continue being unhappy and depressed to no end for the sake of not making others uncomfortable (and to not feel ostracized), or lose those that I care about and maybe feel better. God knows I'll probably feel worse if I lose people. And there's no point to life if I have to live it alone. And not to mention the stigma associated with it is unbearable. And even if people will tell me that it's ok, that I'm accepted, I will doubt them and refuse to believe they're being genuine. I've met plenty of people who just say things and then their actions speak the opposite. I feel as though just killing myself will spare everyone the unfortunate truth that they don't want to hear, and it will spare me the pain of losing others and feeling like someone that has no place in the world. No solution results in a happy outcome for me, but suicide seems like the least painful option emotionally. No amount of personal life achievement, college, money, status, etc., means anything if there's no one to live it with. Everything just ends, and no one will have to deal with me anymore. I know deep down they want me gone. Friends. Family. Whomever feels the need to crucify me for something I can't change. And so perhaps they'll be happier and better off without me. I won't be there to bother them or make them uncomfortable. And maybe I get to finally have peace with myself. I can't go to a therapist with any of this. The second I disclose feeling suicidal, it's over, and I'm thrown in the loony bin. And perhaps I might actually make others happy with my departure. And so here I am, fucking hopeless and at my wits end.

Not to mention I'm absolutely fucking clueless as to how to go about the dating scene in the straight or gay markets. I've never been in a relationship or dated. I'm not looking for just anyone. I do have qualities that I look for in people, but before I do that, it might be best to fix myself first. I just feel so done right now and I really hate feeling this way.