Probably gonna end up dead or in prisonAlthough things have gotten a lot better lately I still can't seem to shake my depression or drug/alcoholic addiction. Dealt with mental illness most of my life including good ol, adhd, clinical depression, ocd and aspergers. I just wanted to write this because even though I've seen so many counsellors and psychologists I still can't seem to shake off the feelings off whats happened in the past. Growing up was a mixed bag, my dad was there for me most of the time but my mum hated my mental health issues and tried to get me drugged all the time on meds, causing my dad to disagree. As my childhood went on shit just kept getting worse between them with my mum being borderline and molested as a child and just being around abuse and fighting throughout a large part of my upbringing just seemed to have changed something in me that feels a bit sociopathic, just have these moments where I feel intense rage and no emotion. Ended up hanging myself when I found out my parents were divorcing since with me being an aspie I didn't exactly have friends and my parents were such as big support for me even with my mum frequently abusing us, doing drugs and drinking. Even overdosed while pregnant with me probably explaining a few things about me. She ended up finding me passing out on the rope and I couldn't get it off and I just remember her screaming and crying carrying me inside only for my dad to hit me for "doing something so stupid". As time went on  ended up living part of the time at my dads and the other at my mums. My dad's place being pretty good but at my mums there were constantly fights over her hitting me and her saying that she was going to get rid of me and ended up snapping one day and punched through the glass door and kicked down the wooden door only for the cops to roll up and slam me on my arse before I tried to grab a knife. Keep in mind I was only 10 when this happened. She was a pretty good person when she was stable but when ever something pissed her off she would just take it out on me and my brother and just drink or do drugs leading to another fight and the police coming round again. Got sick of it and eventually she gave full custody of me and my brother to my dad and she fucked off to who no where. Life was a lot more stable there but something just changed in me and with me being bullied and beaten up so many times throughout my childhood I just didn't have any respect for the law or others. Lead me to setting fires at school, making explosives, getting into fights both with fists and weapons and just turned into a little shit. Always been pretty smart and interested in school but I just didn't know how to deal with what happened with me, ended up going to see a counsellor at that point but didn't really help. Kept on doing the same ol shit usually but then got into drugs and alcohol at 13/14. Already been smoking pot but my dad almost died when I was 14 and with my mum already walking on out us I felt pretty fucked up. Walked in on my dad seizuring with spit all over his face and his mouth going blue. Called the ambo and turns out he almost died of a staph infection in his heart valve. Was in hospital for quite some time while looking after me and my brother with help from my grandad. Already been going down a bit of a self destructive path and ended up doing, meth, opiates and a shit tonne of hash/pot at 14 to cope with it. One thing lead to another and avoided quite a few times almost getting arrested going to juvie over drug and violence related things but I made it through and my dad eventually recovered. It was alright for a bit but what happened with him just seemed to trigger something in me and kept on drinking heavily and doing drugs from 14 onwards and throughout all of highschool. Got into more fights and just kept on drinking and doing more which eventually my dad caught onto leading to a shit tonne of problems between me and him. Wasn't able to stop though, just relied on it too much to be able to cope normally, felt suicidal frequently but never really talked about it, over this time I was there when one of my friends got raped even though we didnt know till it was too late, few of my friends almost died to suicide which I also witnessed and another mate died in a car crash with a few others of my mates going into deep addiction or gangs. Spent a bit of time with my bikie mates and got offered a patch but it didn't really appeal to me but turns out it was for the better since my older mates went down for murder. Shit hit the fan this year though. My depression kept getting worse and worse and felt suicidal everyday but still kept it to myself pilling on more drugs and piss to supress it. Eventually I lost my job, failing at school, gf broke up with me and realised I had a pretty severe addictio problem. On the 4th of febreuary I decided I was going to hang myself as it all pilled up. I was at school and it was my girlfriend breaking up with me that what was finally did it. She didn't want to be around me anymore with my depression and drug problem and to be honest its more the fact she bailed on me because she didn't want to go through the hard yards with me rather than because we weren't compatiable. I ran home while it was pissing down with rain and tied the noose and was going for it till I found out one of my friends called the cops and ended up saving my life. Spent the rest of this year going through treatment for my depression and other mental health issues and went into a rehabilitation program. Was pretty tough but got there in the end, at the start I was dealing with depression but didn't realise the extent of my addiction till I went into rehab, mostly an alcoholic drinking in the mornings and throughout the day and to go to sleep, did oxy, pot, meth, mdma, speed, mesculine and really just anything to numb myself. I'm writing all of this really because I'm still trying to make sense of it all and theres still so much more I haven't been able to type because theres so much of it. Mostly just the troubled childhood, dead mates from suicide and car crashes, drug and alcohol addiction and my previous suicide attempts. My old suicidal feeling have been coming back but I guess I've been coping with them better but few things that happened recently brought back old feelings. Found out my old scout master got into a shootout with the cops and raped two of my friends and another bunch of people I know go into another shootout with a gang and just got too fucked up. Don't worry I'm not planning anything, just wanted to tell someone apart from a counsellor or a another mate who already knows most of this.