I’m about ready to end itI (21M) have been struggling with depression, anxiety, panic attacks, etc from a very young age. I had my first full fledged panic attack at 8 years old, the depression set in when I was about 12, and it was just sort of a downward spiral. I struggled with drug addiction for most of my teen years, got sober at 16, then began drinking and got addicted to that when I was 19. I got control of my drinking problem, and now the only addiction I really have is nicotine. But anyways, I suppose I have been “suicidal” to some degree for a long time, like I’ve considered the possibility and thought about how I would do it, but it never seemed like the right idea, and I didn’t think about it often. But over the past year or so it has become increasingly appealing. Im just so done with everything. I hate myself so much, because I feel like no matter how hard I try, I’ll never truly be a good person. And because it feels like my mental health is just getting worse and worse every day. I’ve already thought out, in detail, how I would do it. I’d clear all of my possessions out of my apartment and throw them all in the dumpster so that my friends and family don’t have to sort through it or anything like that, I’d take my dog to the park for a few hours to run and play, and then I’d take him to my friends house so he can live with her and her kids, then I’d break up with my girlfriend, I’d just tell her it’s because I need to focus on myself, or something else generic like that. Then I’d probably just take my gun, get dressed, walk off into the woods a few miles and just sit against a tree for a while and listen and watch the nature, and watch the world go by for a while. Then I’d shoot myself. I don’t have any kids, so I’d probably just leave what little money I have to my girlfriend and my best friend. I’ve put my gun to my head a couple times in the past month or so. Not necessarily with the intention of doing it, just to kinda see how it felt. And honestly, it didn’t scare me at all. Knowing I had a loaded gun pressed against my head, just felt like I was turning the knob on an exit door. I just feel like I’m ready to go.