I'm a failure to my family, I was fired from my job, and I fear my girlfriend will leave me. And this world is disgusting. I'm doneSo hello. I dunno if this will be my last time using this site ever, and honestly I really couldnt care. My life has been nothing but stupid decisions and abuse. I've always strived to do my best. I've always put others before me, even if it hurts me. That's just the way I was raised... I love it, but despise it more then anything. Being like that only made me a giant carpet for everyone to walk over. No matter how hard I try to "stand up for myself" I always end up thrown down even harder. I just eventually stopped really trying to stand up. I would let people do whatever and just go with it till its over no matter how angry or frustrated I got. Ive grown so used it I've become afraid of anytype of confrontation... I smoke weed but I've been to terrified to tell my girlfriend, the person I'm supposed to trust most. It makes me feel like an utter piece of shit.. on top of that I accidentally lied to her big time because I had a mini panic attack when she asked me if I was a virgin or not. At the time we just started dating and the girl I previous dated had a small connection to my current girlfriend. I panicked and said no, even though I slept with my ex. I have no idea why I did it but I regret it so fucking much... This has been torturing  me for 8 months.. but just when things are turning around I out of the blue got let go from my job. That was 3 weeks ago. I live in an apartment with one roommate. I have a enough money to pay for one more month of rent. I've had to start selling my things.. I've havnt even told my parents yet because I know they will only make my stress even harder. They never focus on anything positive, its always negative. Before they even think of trying to help they will just lecture me on how I'm fucked and it's my fault somehow. My head is exploding with stress, anger and frustration. My best was never enough. I love my girlfriend more then anything, and it abosuluty Kills me to tell her no when she asks if we can do something I cant afford to take her anywhere or do anything... I feel so horribly pathetic..  I've hated my self my entire life and now after 21 years stuck on this hell hole I'll hopefully be free soon. This planet and its inhabitants are fucked and deserve it. I'm disgusted in what humans have done to each other and continue to do to each other. Our race doesn't deserve to exist.
I'm done now. My rant is over. 
Bye.

tl;dr
     family hates me, world is disgusting, girlfriend may leave me, lost my job, fuck my existence. Good-bye
 
Sincerely,
    A worthless piece of trash