My lightly autistic friend is feeling suicidalSo my teenage friend (16 years old) has been struggling with bullies since back in 4th grade. I knew him then but I had other struggles (like finally doing 100% in lego star wars) and I didn’t really give him much attention. I started getting to know him 4 years ago, in 7th grade. We got to go to the same school and since he’s basically my neighbor (10 houses away) we started going to school together. I realized how nice he actually is and how special of a person he is. We didn’t really know eachother well but only 1 month after getting to know eachother, he even gave me a birthday present, which I really didn’t expect because even my best friend didn’t give me one. The years went on and we kinda fell out of contact. Last year tho, in 9th grade, we started talking again. We had a special moment together, we hung out at night and talked about the universe and how big it was and stuff that we didn’t even understand. We became really good friends. After 9th grade we had to change schools again. We landed in the same school, again. We’re driving there everyday and it’s cool. 

He’s really difficult too though.
Some months ago he told me that he had slight autism. I kinda expected it, because tbh, he kinda acts weird in some situations. Like e.g. when I try to give him a bro-fist, he usually twitches, like he’d expect me to punch him. I’ve never hit him in my life. He sees the world differently. Things that we see as a friendly gesture, he may see as a personal attack. He’s a super smart person too, but since he has a lot of trouble socializing, he gives his complete free time up to trying to make new friends per instagram or snapchat etc., instead of studying. He gets bullied in his new class. About a month ago he told me he’s suicidal. It was a shock for me. I tried to hug him, he twitched and from an outside watcher it may have seemed weird but it was a beautiful moment.

I often get angry at him. Today e.g. I had to wait for him for 15min and I came late to class and I was pissed at him the whole day, using his debility of being an outsider, and ignoring him the whole day. He doesn’t deserve that.

I want to help him. But how? I really don’t want to lose him as a friend. This world needs more people like him.