I just wrote this out to myself but I decided I should put it here.I’m sorry. I just kinda feel like life is passing by so fast. Everything feels the same. Nothing makes me feel the way I did when I was just a little kid. Nothing amazes me anymore. I don’t even know what I’m talking about right now. The only reason I’m writing this is because I don’t feel like I can tell anyone this. I feel so alone right now. I feel abandoned. Exhausted. I’m dreading every moment of life because I don’t believe in any of it. I feel like it’s so fake. I feel like everything isn’t real. Nothing is genuine. I feel like I’m not even real. I feel like I’m stuck in a plastic body. I want to be real. I want to feel alive. I feel so dead right now. I feel so sorry for myself and I know it. It makes me feel awful. It makes me hate myself even more than I do. I feel like I’m a disgusting person. I feel like everything I’ve done in my life was a waste. I feel like I would be better off taking a chance at another life. I feel like I can’t do anything. I feel so weak and it’s all my fault. It has always been my fault. I don’t even know if I really should even feel this way. What if everythings fine? Am I overthinking? I don’t even know. All I can do is ask myself these questions because I feel alone. I feel like I’m the only person I can talk to. I want to tell someone this so bad but I feel like I can’t because they will be bothered. I feel like I’ll waste their time just like I’ve wasted my own. I want to leave. I want to leave so bad. I want to be on the moon so bad. I feel like I don’t belong on this planet. I feel like I’m nothing. I can’t feel anything. I don’t even know what it feels like to have a crush anymore because my mind won’t let me. It feels like my mind is trying to protect itself but all it’s doing is hurting itself. I want something, or someone, to make it stop. It’s so unfair. Why do I have to feel like this? I don’t want to feel like this anymore. There’s always so much noise going on. My head is always hurting so bad. I can’t even accept it because everytime I write something like this I end up deleting it the next day. Why am I like this? Does anyone feel like this too? Is everyone feeling like this? I don’t want anyone to feel like this. I just wish I could be someone else. I wish I could just press a reset button so bad. I don’t even know if I already have. Why do I want to restart so early in my life? I’m still just a teenager but it feels like life is coming down on me more and more everyday. I don’t even know if I can stand it anymore. Whenever I reach out to god I get nothing. He never says anything to me. Why doesn’t he say anything to me? Am I not enough even for him? Whenever I pray I cry. But it feels like everytime I pray it’s a waste, so I stopped praying. I was always taught to never stop praying. So why am I like this? Why do I always hurt myself so much? Why do I always convince myself to do the things that will only hurt me? Can anything take this away anymore? Someone hold me. I don’t feel like I can keep holding on to myself. I wish someone would be here. People keep asking me if I’m okay and I keep saying I’m okay. Why can’t I just tell them? I always feel like I’ll always just bother them. I don’t want to bother them. But it keeps bothering me. I just want to make it so that I won’t bother anyone anymore. I just want help but my mind keeps telling me to deny help. 

I just saw a shooting star while I was writing this. I wished for happiness. Awaiting results.