Suicidal, Mental issues (MDD,SA), military, alcoholic, etcI'm using this as a way to unload, so excuse the walls of text.  Thanks to anyone who takes the time to read this, I appreciate it.

I am early 20s, male, in the *allegedly* smart branch of our oh so glamorous military.  I have a house to myself, I'm stationed in Europe, I have money (almost 20k in the market), a car (paid off in April), a motorcycle, a cat (who is a huge dick and pees on all my fucking cloths.  Pretty sure she is really a daemon of some sort.) and being a government employee I don't do a fuckin thing and it's pretty hard for me to be "fired".

No, I have never seen combat.  I'm a "cyberspace operator" (fucking stupid) which is what the AF calls sysadmin for "servers".  (fucking 5 year old laptops running winserv 2008......what a joke)  I digress.

I imagine a significant amount of people would kill to have what I have.  And here I am on a Saturday night, drinking bourbon and wondering when the time comes to blow my brains out if I should do it outside so there's less of a mess.

I've been in almost 4 years now, and I"m on my second assignment.  A dream assignment.  My first base was in flyovercountry, USA.  Good people and great place to raise kids but shitty and boring for young people.  But at least there I had people I could turn to, people who would fight for us, people who knew more than me.  I thought coming to Europe would be a major upgrade.  I couldn't have been more wrong.

My office is filled mostly with FNGs.  Our only NCO is a fuckwit.  I like Sgt Fuckwit as a person, but he/she is a terrible manager.  Does what he/she is told even if it's unreasonable and would NEVER fight for their troops.  Doesn't know a MOTHER FUCKING THING about computers.  And this person is in charge.  What's that saying about never being the smartest person in the room?  Yeah, I'm the only mother fucker who can set up our equipment.  But most days we all just surf reddit and imgur.  I do about 5 minutes of acutal work a week.  And by work I mean pointless military bullshit, like SAPR training and how I need to not rape people.

Anyway, I've been in therapy for over half a year now for major depressive disorder, social anxiety, and being a threat to myself.  Also have OCD/Schizoid traits.  I was hospitalized last year for a week because I was seriously ready to kill myself.  My doctors are pretty cool, I have a good rapport with my shrink.  But since I couldn't be "fixed" to an "acceptable level" within the time allotted, I am being medically discharged.  Short of serving 20 and getting retired, it's the best way to leave.  I'll get something like 80% of my base pay for as long as I'm fucked in the head.

Still want to kill myself.  I picture myself living in a shitty apartment, no job, bored, miserable, drunk, etc.

I was also diagnosed with alcohol abuse disorder, I was told not to drink for 6 months at which point I could return to responsible alcohol use afterwards.  I complied mostly to prove them wrong but also to see how I would feel sober.  As you can imagine it was terrible not being able to drink especially when everybody else is.  The cocksuckers lied to me though, told me that I was still too much at risk after the 6 and that mixing antidepressants and alchol is a no-no.  

Like I give a shit.  I tried their ways.  I stayed sober, did the CBT, kept a fucking diary, and so on.  The best advice they offer is "find a purpose" and "distract yourself".  Still fucked up.  Still want to die.

Oh, and because I VOLUNTARILY seeked treatment I was referd (read: forced) for alcohol abuse treatment.  Because I was was in that, I am automatically getting marked down on my annual performance report.  In the grand scope of things it doesn't mean shit, but GOD DAMN what a fucking kick int he balls.  I save the fucking day countless times setting up that fucking eqiuptment but nobody gives a shit.  I'm 5 mintues late to work and all hell breaks loose.  I get written the fuck up, some shit that says "damaged the unit's mission capapblities".

http://i.imgur.com/8lMNMAf.jpg

5 mintues late to surfing the internet at my desk.  Whole fucking squadron stops, land the fucking jets, can't do jack shit till fucktheusaf is sitting at his desk looking at cat pictures.

Moving on....

It probably comes as absolutely no suprise that I'm single.  I was talking to this girl last week.  Met her, she seemed nervous, I thought things were going well.  It was like she changed her mind in the course of a mintue or something.  Tried texting her, but she's done.  I always feel so fucking stupid afterwards, ya know?  Like embarressed with myself for even entertaining the thougth that this time will be different.

Then tonight I find out that my friend, who barely tries and doesn't even give a shit either way got fucked some girl last night.  I know I can't compare myself to him, apples and organges.  But holy fuck did that shit sting.  A kind of envy that pierces my fucking soul like a red hot fireplace poker.

And ya know, it's not so much that I'm alone.  It's that I can't overcome the human nature of needing someone.  It isn't even about sex, it's about that Caritas....the non-judemental love....the feeling of mattering to someone.  Shit, maybe I wasn't held enough as a baby or something.  I just think to myself okay fine I don't get to have anyone.  That's shitty, but fine I'll accept that.  Can I at least be content alone? No?  I need to feel lonely and miserable, huh?  No matter what I read and where I search I won't find any answers and I can't make the pain any less, huh?

That's fucked up.

When I do kill myself I'll do my best to explain it wasn't being an unwanted social retard that killed me........it was not being able to just fucking let it go.  I'm unwanted.  Fine.  Life goes on, right?  No, I feel this pain until the very end.  I killed myself because I couldn't fucking get over it.  So fucking weak.

And now it's time for me to freshen my drink.  Thank you for taking the time to read my bullshit.