Today is my birthday and also possibly my last dayIt's past midnight, which means it's my birthday and I'm very tempted to make it my deathday. I've always liked when things line up, and if I was going to die by my own hand then I'd like it to be on my birthday. And I *really* don't think I can hold on for another year. Every day is torture. Every second that I'm not distracting myself by consuming some piece of media is hell. And it's starting to become not enough. I don't enjoy shows anymore and no song makes me happy. Even the one thing I consistently enjoyed since I was a child is starting to become not enough to get me through a day. I spent all of today just doing things I enjoyed. No responsibilities, no worries, I just wanted to have one good day. And yet, at the end of it all I'm still empty inside. When I'm not feeling dread and self-hate, I feel nothing. I don't remember the last time I smiled. And I hate the way I look and how people see me. I hate myself and everyone in my life who failed me. 

So tomorrow might be it. This isn't the first time I've said this so it's hard for me to even take myself seriously. I have countless more posts. But I feel like this time is different. I don't feel desperate or frantic. I feel calm. It's been 6 months since I last posted on Reddit. I thought I should stop because self-pity is addictive. But all it did was make me feel more alone and empty than ever. I don't have anybody in my life. I don't have a single friend. My family have given up on me, and I have given up on them. And I feel like I'm nothing. And I feel like it will never get better. But that's not just depression talking. Because when I look around, there really is no one to help and nothing to live for. And if all I feel is pain, and if my death has no chance of passing that pain onto anyone, then I don't see a reason not to. Maybe a few months ago I would've asked for help finding a reason but I know there aren't any. Not for me at least. 

If today does end up being my last day, then I want to say thank you to anyone who ever read or responded to my posts. I didn't answer them all because I didn't want to disappoint people with how hopeless their attempts would be when I inevitably posted again but I appreciate every single response. You've made the past year slightly more bearable and that's the greatest help I could have asked for.