What do I do?I haven’t had a single day where I haven’t heavily contemplated suicide in the past five years.
I am fifteen. 

This might seem like a angsty teenager rant, but I personally think my reasons are justified. 


I can recall a memory when I was around the age of 4-6.
My mom and I were at a local clothing store.
She walked into a fitting room and told me to guard the door because it was the only one that didn’t lock.
To put it simply, I lost my footing and fell into the door while she was “changing”. The door opened, and anybody that was roaming around could see inside. 
She was fully clothed. 
There was nobody who saw her at all.
I didn’t get why she was so angry.
She pulled me into the fitting room and punched me in the nose as hard as she could.
I started to scream and cry and I remember my nose was basically pouring blood.
I was so young, 
She told me to suck it up and wipe the blood off my face with my black skirt.

That was one of the first memories I have of her physically hurting me.

Months later, she got a job and I asked her why she got one since my step-dad worked full time. 
I don’t know why she was angry again. But she put it simply. 
“I go to work so I don’t have to be with you at all.” 
That might not sound that bad, but years later it still runs through my head.

Now, on a daily basis she tells me clearly that she no longer loves me, she doesn’t support anything I do, and she would be the happiest lady in the world if I killed myself. 
She has told me to do it multiple times.

I have one clear memory of my step-dad when I was around 6 years old. 
I’m not going into detail, but I was molested.
I never told anyone, until it happened a second time years later.
I screamed and cried, and I told my mother.
She argued with him, and that was all that happened.

My mom and I were driving to the movies and I asked her why she never called the police on him,
She made me feel guilty. 
She said “Do you really want us to miss this movie so you can go tell the male cops everything that happened? Do you really want us to not have fun?”
I asked her if I had done the right thing by telling her about it.
She told me to never talk about it.

I never asked about it again.


I have had two suicide attempts that landed me in the hospital.

Both times, my parents had to pick me up and they only scolded me for wasting their money and time.
After the second one, my mom told me to actually go through with it the third time so she wouldn’t have to deal with this again.

She has cancelled therapy sessions, and she stopped letting me take antidepressants.


I’ve endured this for years now. I have an eating disorder and depression. I constantly do drugs.
I’m failing school. There is no real reason for me to try because I don’t want to make it to eighteen.

There is nothing left for me anymore. I refuse to call CPS because I don’t want them to get in trouble, as ridiculous as that sounds.
I want to run away but I have no where to go.

My last choice is going through with killing myself and jumping off a bridge in the middle of my town.


I really, really need help. I need somebody to help me. Please.