Having very dark thoughts and in a deep depression after a sudden breakup. I'm not usually a sad person like this, I feel emptier and emptier inside with every week that passes even though I'm supposed to feel better as time passes.Long story short. My relationship with my ex was this: her dad died 4 months into the relationship. Since his death I was the ideal boyfriend, always showed her love in every sense of the world, while supporting her with whatever little money I had and basically doing all the work for both of us in our shared uni classes so she could graduate on time. I was the perfect boyfriend in and she told me that often, I gave 110% to the relationship and took the little she gave me in return as I understood her depression and mental state wouldn’t allow her to give me even 20% at times.

A month and a half ago her dogs died suddenly, adding more tragedy to our lives. 2 weeks later she breaks up with me suddenly and out of nowhere. Tells me she loves me, wants me in her life further down the road, but that she feels we are beginning to resent one another. I’m confused as I had nothing but love for her, I beg her to stay with me as I sob like a newborn and suggest a break instead. She’s affirmative that she needs to break up with me and doesn’t want to give me false hope with a break...and then she states she needs to “focus on myself for the time being”. Then she makes a bunch of excuses and reasons for the breakup to justify it in her mind, such as “we argued too much... we are too strong-minded and never saw eye to eye on anything and I don’t think we ever will”. Then she goes on to state “you always gave it your all when I couldn’t even give 10% of what you gave and I really tried even if you didn’t think I did”. I think she just wanted to be single for some time now and had no idea how to tell me/ also loved the support and comfort I brought her with all that I did for her.

My problem is that I did everything “right”, as I stated previously, I was the ideal bf, never cheated, lied, yelled at her, anything like that. Our arguments were always “hey I want to see you more... or hey I’m tired of you always being so distant with me and only me”. And yet I feel a deep emptiness inside of me from the breakup. I feel confused and every day that passes I feel myself not being able to feel better with her absence. I’m alone, and I am unhappy without her. It’s been over a month since the breakup and every week seems harder. I go to therapy, I talk to friends, I distract myself, I exercise. I do everything I’m supposed to, and yet things aren’t getting easier like they are supposed to. I just miss her, I love her and never stopped loving her. I wish the breakup never happened, yet it feels like it was a decision made on my behalf. And the fact that she stated she loves me still and wants me in her life as a friend later down the road, absolutely kills me inside. How am I supposed to be okay with her being with someone else later, when I never stopped loving her. I just need help, any suggestions at this point, any wisdom. I am lost and I don’t know what else to do anymore without her. I always saw myself marrying her, having kids with her, now my life looks so empty without her in it.

TLDR: Gf and I had a tragic filled relationship with deaths occurring in her life. I was always very supportive, the perfect boyfriend. She broke up with me suddenly and blindsided me just a month ago. Claims she still loves me, called me her best friend, and wants me as that same best friend later down in life. My heart breaks just thinking about her moving on without me, yet I can’t bear to have her leave my life. Made it very uncertain why she broke up with me since she said “we never saw eye to eye” then said, “I couldn’t put the same amount of effort as you did and that wasn’t fair to you”. So I was left confused and heartbroken. I still love her, I’ve been doing everything I’m supposed to... therapy, friends, self-work, hobbies. All of it, and yet I still feel empty. I just need some advice, some words of wisdom as I feel my mind drift to darker and darker places as the weeks go on and the emptiness inside me grows.