Is my life as fucked up as it feels?I can't seem to catch a break. I've had so many awesome things in my life, but the lows are so low. I haven't shared any of this publicly. Please forgive me as this is going to be long.

Had kids when I was young. I was in a touring rock band and I got a groupie pregnant. I grew up in a Christian home, my Dad started a church and whatnot, so Christianity shaped much of my world view. Needless to say, we got married. After touring for a couple more years I decided it was time to quit the band. Worked construction for about a year then when the recession hit in 2008, I decided to join the military.

Things seemed to be going alright for another few years, but my wife had been really starting to resent me because I had the experience of being a musician and she felt her youth had been robbed. She became more and more obsessed with tumblr and instagram. One day she asked me to take some sexy pictures of her, I obliged and the day after she posted she was picked up by Playboy for an article about sexy nerds or some bullshit because it was tax season and she wears glasses. Next thing you know some famous youtuber blogs sexiest nerd alive and all this goes to her head. Everything becomes about social media and reading wikis about comics to lend to credibility. Things start really spiraling and she starts fishing for comic book writers and having emotional affairs.

Soon after I was picked up for a special operations deployment to Afghanistan. I was on a capture kill team and things were intense. Soon after arriving there was an op that went bad and we lost some rangers. At that time, I found it more and more difficult to get in touch with my wife and kids. Even when I did, conversations were abrupt. 

I tried to get in touch with my best friend because I was missing home, but he didnt have social media, so I found his wife's account. Turned out she was cheating on him. I tossed and turned about telling him, because it really wasn't my business, but it was weighing down on me. I continued to dig to make sure I was right, then I found my wife had a profile I wasn't aware of. Much to my dismay, it was littered with picture of her in bed with another man. This shouldn't have shocked me, but it made me feel like such a cliche. Just another fucking number in a statistic.

I confronted her and she told me she wasn't going to stop and told me I was being controlling. Stuff like I wasn't her dad and all that. Meanwhile, she uses my deployment money to see this dude and even spends hundreds on him to buy a death star Lego set. Icing on the cake, she and the kids were living at my parents house during the deployment and this dude is like the middle aged Asian version of me. And we share the same first name. She gets pregnant by him while I'm deployed and I come home for a couple weeks for rest and relaxation leave to celebrate the kids birthdays and Christmas. On my son's birthday she tells me she got pregnant and had an abortion. She spent the whole day in her room while I opened presents with my son. She goes on to tell me if I tell anyone she'll kill herself in a way that will traumatize me and the kids. I tell her I want a divorce and custody of the kids and fly back to Afghanistan. Flew back and had another operation go terribly wrong. Then she got pregnant again by the same dude and kept it.

One divorce, child custody hearing, a cancelled engagement, and some awkward online dating later..

I am now married to the love of my life. We've known each other for twenty years. She is brilliant, speaks multiple languages, and is gorgeous. We met in high school journalism, she was the editor and went on to do some music journalism and was a model for some prestigious companies. We'd dated a little before my first marriage and things picked up really quickly. Plus she is great with the kids. However (sigh)

She struggles with alcohol addiction. She has been in and out of rehabs for several months this year. I would say it's like being a single father again, but its not. It's much worse. Not only that, my oldest son resents me because he feels I took him from his mother. Granted she doesn't have the means to care for him or his brother. He's now told the doctors that he has suicidal thoughts.

I used to be so happy and enjoyed every second of life. Now I am in chronic pain with migraines and have to get botox and nerve blocks. I don't even enjoy music anymore. Music was my life. I find it easy to write, but difficult to read and comprehend someone else's thoughts. The irony that I've written a novel is not lost.

This isn't even the half of it. There is so much more that I am too embarrassed to share that makes all this seem tame and almost normal. I just can't do this anymore.