I am hoping this is my last post on this sub (in a good way!!)I mean, I haven’t posted here recently anyway, but that’s beside the point. I used to come here a lot because it was my only outlet. Now I have internet friends and an irl friend who I can talk to whenever I need. They have helped me a lot, and I’m so thankful to have people like them in my life. It’s been a week or two since I’ve seriously though about suicide, and that is a new record. I have tough days, of course, but not to the point where I am fantasizing about dying. It’s also been a few weeks I’ve last self harmed. Mostly because I don’t want to get caught due to dermatologist appointments, but getting clean is something I’ve wanted to do for a while now. My depression is still here, my body-dysmorphia is still here, and my disordered eating is still here, but that doesn’t mean I am not making progress. I am very proud of where I am at the moment, so I hope that I’ll be able to reach more of my goals and overcome the issues I still struggle with. 

Now, I didn’t want to say all that and then head out. I’m still a teenager, so giving advice is not something I should really be doing yet. All I know is that finding someone who you can spill your heart out to is truly a great thing. It doesn’t solve your problems, but at least it all out of your system. And the thing about just chatting with someone who you’ll probably only speak to once is that there is no connection. You don’t really get that feeling that they care for you. I’m not saying that you shouldn’t vent to someone on the internet (I met one of my favorite people and someone who I would call a close friend on here). I’m just saying that getting to know a person and becoming close with them makes you feel really great. Like someone cares. Because they do. And that’s the fucking amazing thing. You realize that someone cares about you. 

TL;DR 

Are my problems solved? No. But are they all bottled up in brain? No. Do I have people right beside me as I try to work on improving my mental health? Yes. Does that help me a whole shit ton? Hell yes. Find people who you can really bond with. That is at least what worked for me. Maybe talking to stranger once is your thing. Just keep doing what makes you feel slightly better. That slightly better will increase and keep increasing until you can really say that you are getting better. 

I hope I don’t ever have to post on here again. But I will always be here to talk to those who need it.