I have a date for my death plannedIts July 17th. It isn't near anyone's birthday or any important holidays, so I won't ruin their time for celebrations when they remember me.

A little about myself: I'm a 20 year old high school dropout who currently delivers pizza for a living. I still live at home with my parents and I don't ever see myself really being able to live out on my own because I fucked up a lot of my chances to have a successful life.

I don't really know where to begin because I feel like I'm just complaining and bitching when there are thousands, probably millions out there who have it WAY worse than I do. I kind of expect this to turn into some rant that will get buried between the dozens of other posts that happen on this subreddit at any given time. I guess I'll try to explain how my brain works. I've divided myself into 2 separate entities: my brain and my soul. As a soul, I still want to live desperately. I know that much. It's what is reaching out right now, during some of my worst times, and it's what allows me to still care even though I know I'm slowly growing more apathetic towards everything. My brain doesn't work like my soul does though. It's responsible for the physical feelings I get, and they're always incoherent. When the brain acts up, the body feels awful and goes into shutdown mode and my soul doesn't understand why my brain would do this. It's hard for me to explain because I'm sure this sounds like some type of personality disorder or something, but it really does feel like there are two opposing forces in my body that just can't seem to duke it out. I've had nights where I literally stay up crying in my bed, arguing to myself, but changing my voice in between responses. My brain will say something like "You're a disgusting human who is a waste of time and space" and my soul will respond with "Shhh, it's okay OP, you're gonna be fine" only for my brain to refute that it doesn't matter and that I'll be dead soon enough anyway and that that's how I'll end up being fine. I can realize when I'm doing this, but I can't ever seem to break the cycle. It's constantly like there's bickering going on in my head, and it just drowns out any meaningful thinking. That's more or less the gist of how I've been struggling with depression.

There's also how I see myself and every overwhelming flaw I have, especially when compared to the good things I know about myself. Even when I'm depressed, I know that I'm a kind and loving person, and I can't deny it to myself because even my stupid brain knows that. But there are just so many more things that are awful about me that my kindness doesn't make up for. Physically speaking, I look okay I guess. I'm just really average. I'm not stunning by any means, and my body type is also really average. It's hard  to see a world full of beautiful people, knowing that you're just a 5 on a good day, while pretty much everyone else is a 9 or a 10. I know what really makes me ugly though. It's my damn smile. My teeth are so fucking rotten and disgusting. I haven't ever taken good care of them, and at this point in my life, I don't care enough to even fucking shower more than once a week, much less brush my teeth. There is no way to repair them either. I have a genuine fear of dentists. I can't go near one without nearly vomiting from the smell of fucking teeth dust in the goddamn air or having a panic attack their fucking nightmare drills. No amount of anesthesia numbs the pain, and I even if there was a way to get me into one of those stupid fucking demon chairs, I wouldn't be able to afford anesthesia or even the dental procedures in the first place. I really do hate my smile. There is nothing attractive about it, and there isn't anything that turns you off more than someone who has a surface cavity on LITERALLY EVERY FUCKING TOOTH

If my appearance wasn't enough to make you say "look at this poor idiot, he's pathetic" just wait until you hear about how I act around people, especially women. I'm incredibly awkward. I'm usually really quiet and don't ever have much to say. I'm a fucking boring person. All I do is play video games or dungeons and dragons if I'm not at work. There is nothing entertaining about me. I also think that I'm so disgusting and so boring that people want nothing to do with me if I don't give them something. I literally pay girls for nudes because I don't know how to interact with them. I haven't had a "real relationship" with a girl since I was 16 and in high school. I have no fucking idea how to keep someone interested in me, and at this point, I don't really care to anymore. They'd just end up crying when I blow my fucking brains out anyway, so maybe its a good thing that I'm a girl repellent. Even if I could somehow wow a girl into wanting to be with me, she would absolutely be unimpressed in bed. My libido lasts for 30 fucking seconds because I haven't felt a goddamn titty in 4 fucking years. Plus I'm a huge fucking porn addict. I'm that fucking moron who pays for pornhub premium because apparently I just couldn't get enough of this disgusting behavior. I also have no self confidence in my body at all. I know I said its average, but that isn't a good thing in my mind. It's not thin enough to be sexy but it isn't big enough to be cuddly. And of course, like every other fucking guy on the planet, my dick is too small. But I genuinely mean it. I sport maybe 4 1/2" when I'm hard, and it makes sex incredibly embarrassing. "Oh, you have a small dick, AND you cum the instant you feel a hand on your cock that isn't yours? Isn't that just pathetic". That's probably why I end up paying for nudes instead. I can please them with my money since I'm clearly not cut out for fucking.

There's so much more that I hate about myself. I could fill a fucking novel, but so can every other depressed person on Earth. I'm just gonna end it here because I'm getting tired of crying and trying to explain my feelings when I know it isn't gonna help me in the slightest. But I feel better every single day, knowing that I'm going to kill myself on July 17th.