I’m feeling really dumb and like I’ll never get anywhere in lifeI’ve got a lot of cleverness under the hood, but it barely ever shows for anything.

People say I’m smart but I do t apply myself to barely anything, I don’t concentrate, and now I mostly just feel like I can trick people into thinking I’m a clever clever person without having anything substantive.

Then I get to chatting with someone else and I don’t feel so dumb anymore by comparison.

I fantasise about ramming my skull through a metal pipe, or painting my walls with chunky brain spray. 
I can picture the details very clearly in my minds eye, hundreds of vectors individually showing what I would look like if I were paste. 

Sometimes when I cross the road I don’t bother tracking the trajectories of cars, I don’t care if I make it to the other side of the road, but I do t want to hurt myself because I know it would be really shitty to live with an acquired brain injury or a spinal injury.

FUCK! 

I wish I could not exist, not have to bother with all the bullshit of feeding myself, doing the grind to pollute our planet just so I can keep kicking. 
It is a constant effort just to stay alive, and it just seems so easy to end my own life. 

I’d be less of a burden on the planet too, all the electricity, plastic, petrol that I use. All the meat from the animals I consume. All those poor people on slave wages making the pointless shit nobody needs.

My Mum and siblings know I’m suicidal, they are concerned and I don’t want to hurt them, but at the same time I don’t think that anyone should be able to dictate another person’s life choices when you aren’t harming anyone else.

I feel like all of human accomplishments are meaningless anyway. Da Vinci means nothing compared to the entropy and the heat death of the universe.

I feel like we are screaming gibberish into the void trying and failing to find meaning in an ultimately meaningless universe. 
Never really being able to connect to others because we can only see others in relation to ourselves.

I’m going to go see a psychologist in a few days. I’ve had suicidal ideation for a good long time though, since childhood, and I’m not sure if depression is something that will go away. Maybe I can learn coping strategies though.

I don’t even know what depression feels like, because I’m not sure if I have any emotions right now.