You know, I think I'd like to kill myself. It'd be cool if someone could give me a reason not to.If you want to know why I want to die, I'm sorry, I can't help you. There is no reason. It is the lack of a reason not to. Precisely the way an object falls when there is nothing underneath it to prevent it from doing so. There is nothing in my life worth living for anymore. 

I'm fantastic. I am someone that people genuinely like. I am athletic (won my section in two events in track, and broke a school record in one of them), intelligent (I had a 4.0 in college last semester), funny (or so I hear), and kind. Overall, I'm a person people genuinely like to be around. I am also nothing like the person I described above.

That person is a shell. I've created him as a suit of armor because my family fucking sucks. I wanted him to be a diamond in the rough. I wanted people to see that I am not a piece of shit like my environment is, and it worked beautifully. But somewhere along the line, I got so caught up in building my walls so high and so strong, that I didn't realize I had sealed myself in without an exit. I died inside those walls, but they remained.

Now I'm a spectator to my own life. I watch myself interact with people, pretending to be the happy guy they see. I even make sure to put smiley faces in texts so no one gets suspicious. My walls are still up. Making sure no one looks inside and sees the terrible things they used to hold. Every day I watch the same things happen. Every day I go to school, sit in class and take my notes so no one can call me lazy or stupid, do a little exercise so no one can call me fat (which I still worry about even though I only have about 10% body fat), talk to or hang out with some friends so no one can call me antisocial, then I go home, sit in my room, and think about how I want to die. Until I have to interact with someone, then the confident, charming, funny, and intelligent me comes out.

And I know that it should scare me, but I am totally at peace with the thought of dying. It isn't scary or sad. It's a relief. It's that feeling when you are doing wall sits for way longer than you thought you could, and then you get to stand up. You don't have to carry your burden. You can say "Fuck my burden, it's not worth it to carry anymore", and that feeling, that's pure liberation.

I'm sure by now you've thought to yourself that I should break down my walls and let people see the real me and maybe my situation will improve. That's fully what I intend to do, break down my walls and show everyone what's inside. But the real me is dead inside.

I have a plan, and its pretty surefire, but the logical side of me says that there's still something in life worth living for. I just dont know what it is. So please, if you can give me a reason to live I'd love to cling to it.


Also, thank you to anyone who read this entire thing. I know it's really long, and probably not too interesting, but I appreciate that you genuinely care.