Been depressed for 3 years, and I'm not even 14 yet.Hi, I am 13, Female, Chinese and have been depressed since I was about 10.

Where to start, ever since I could remember, I have been abused, physically, neglectfully and mentally by my mom. Sure, I love her but it hurts, a lot. Every single mistake, no matter how small, I get a tongue lashing. Beatings are worse though, the most recent one was in the beginning of spring break. I had gotten a letter saying I had gotten rejected from the high school I had applied to. She COMPLETELY FLIPPED. Next thing I know, I'm being punched at, slapped, kicked and pushed into corners of tables and chairs (we were in the kitchen). The beatings were ongoing for two days, until she decided to just hold me prisoner or the week. The beatings resulted in bruised arms, legs and back and trouble breathing (she kicked my chest). 

It wasn't always this bad. If I was ever to get hit before it would be a simple back hand or a punch or two. But the yelling, it was always the same. The same tone, how her face completely glows red and vains sticking out on her neck, the negative and harsh words being thrown at me. They change me. Those words have completely messed me up, in the past 3 years i have cut, scratched (cutting with no blood), been anorexic, been/still am depressed and attempted bulimia. 

There's much more that goes deeper into the emotional section but thats for another time. The think you must know is that these happen on bad days (4times a week) and other wise I'm pretty stable. 

The problem is, i am constantly thinking about suicide. How to die, the best way to, easiest, fastest, i have even wrote a couple draft suicide notes. It scares me that i think this way and i think if my mom or anyone else that makes me the way i am/was snaps, im going to do it. Im not afraid to do it. Why not?

Any suggestions or comments or tips would help, this has gotten to the point where I completely feel no emotions anymore unless its face to face contact. I feel completely numb and I just dont care anymore. 