I'm so close to doing itI spent 3 weeks in a mental hospital because my brother saw belt marks on my neck from practicing for asphyxiation suicide. I was a security guard and was forced to quit working because my license requires that I have not been involuntarily committed to a mental health institution. I have no one to talk to. I just sit in my room by myself 24/7 rotting away playing computer games. I've been playing the same online game for 5+ years, maybe 6 hours a day, sometimes much more and all of my accounts keep getting permanently banned for "toxicity". Everyone says I am toxic, online and in real life. I really don't know how to control it. I have nothing going on in my life. That game was basically all I live for. No friends, no job, no girlfriend. I had a very fucked up, abusive childhood and I am an angry person. Basically was bullied by everyone, even family. Had to do slave labor on my neighbor's farm everyday just so they could pay my "stepfather" so he could buy weed. I wasn't allowed to have friends. I very rarely go to any sort of event. I have been so sheltered my entire life I just sit in my bedroom alone and I'm tired of begging for things to change. I fail at everything. Swapped contact info with several girls at the mental institution and only one of them actually contacted me, but hasn't responded in over a month now. Nobody ever responds to me on okcupid or tinder. I have submitted so many job applications that are ignored. I did have a plan to get a car, but now that I have no job I can't do that. I have bad social anxiety and I'm not sure I can even do anything besides security. I was comfortable doing it because I could be by myself and not have to fail at trying to interact with people. My brother kicked me out after I got out of the mental institution because his girlfriend has a 2 year old daughter and they said they don't want her to find me dead. I have absolutely no idea what I'm supposed to do. I have 0 going for me. Nothing. I always begged my parents to let me go out and do things, hang out with friends, and they always said no. Now I have no social skills. I have felt nothing but shame and anger for the past 10 years. I started wanting to hang myself when I was 13 - when I would get off the hot school bus with no air conditioning and be thirsty, ask for a drink and be told I had not done anything to deserve a drink yet and I had to work first. Spent halloween cutting tree limbs while everyone else was partying and trick or treating. Being forced to dig up a septic tank and carry buckets of human shit. Having cameras all throughout the house with my weirdo stepdad sitting in his room watching everybody, listening in on every call, reading every text. I don't know what the fuck to do. I hate that I have to kill myself but I feel like it's my only option. I have nothing.