My father killed himself, and I was the one to find him. I feel lost and alone 

The last 2 months have been a nightmare. I've always been the steadfast one in my family but I feel as if there is nothing left anymore. At 23 years old I never dreamed that I would have to go through something like this. On march 14, I went to my fathers house to work on a project. After not seeing him all day I went looking for him and found him in his bed, dead, with a gun in his hand. No note, no explanation, no warning. I had all of 3 seconds to turn around and tell my younger brother that our dad was gone. This was 10PM, and for the next 3 hours I spoke with deputy's, the sheriff, I had to call my mother (My parents have been divorced for 9 years), my grandma, and my sister and tell them the same. I was so angry, sad, confused. All I wanted was to be alone. 2 days later I lost my job because of covid-19.

I had to move back to my apartment (I worked at an outdoor education facility and lived on site). I lost my friends, my father, my job. I fell apart. I laid in bed for days at a time. I haven't had a night of sleep without a nightmare in over 2 months. I feel like moving across the country, trying to escape. Every time I pass anything that reminds me remotely of him, even the roads we would drive down together, I feel so sad, and lost. Its like I'm looking for something and I have no idea what it is anymore. There is just a void and I have no idea how to handle it. I'm trying to be so strong for the rest of my family. And every day no matter how hard I try I cannot stop thinking about him lying in his bed, alone, with god knows what going through his mind.

I just can't believe that he would ever leave us without telling us why. He was so happy, so proud. We had planned to go fishing the week after he died. I feel so lost. I put on a face as if I'm okay. I thought I had more friends. I thought more people cared about me. It seems like now they were only around me because of our circumstances that brought us together. I keep thinking back on times when I was surrounded by friends. My summers as a camp counselor, or my highschool days. I just want to go back. I was so incredibly happy and felt so blessed just 3 months ago. And now I go through my days searching for something to be happy about, for a purpose.