So I'm out of the hospital and I want to kill myself.Let me begin by saying I'm a fucking loser. For some reason I decided to take one year off uni last year and it ended disastrously, I left everything I had friends, and an education behind to live in a small town with my family. I became so isolated and it let to a psychotic break that landed me in the hospital.

Now I am out and have been for several weeks. I'm also attending the same university (faculty in Serbian parlance) studying the same thing - Sociology.

And it's kicking my ass. My knowledge is not fresh, I forgot stuff. To top that off because of my hospital stay I was three weeks late to the classes so there's catching up to do and tests are very soon. But that's not all! My faculty is currently under siege by students who are unsatisfied with how things are run and there's no classes going on right now. So I tend to just go to uni regardless and study in the library.

The reason I want to kill myself is that I don't see a bright future for myself. I won't do well in school, because of my knowledge being stale and because I am on diazepam (3 times a day 5mg) and tradozone (a sleeping aid/antidepressant) and my mind just doesn't feel sharp enough. And coming late to a group of people who I attend classes with who all know each other for a year and I don't even know their names... that's another thing. My social anxiety/awkwardness returned in full swing and I find it hard to approach anyone. Luckily there's people I know around... but they are just acquaintances and we don't hang out.

I only have three friends who I assume only hang out with me out of pity. 

I am very depressed and often unwashed. I probably stink badly because I haven't showered in days.

It's just looking at all those people younger than me, better looking than me, fresher than me, smarter and better at studying... I just don't feel like I belong. I don't feel like I'm accepted anywhere and I feel like I never will be. I feel as isolated studying in the big city as I was in the small town.

Granted because of the siege thing I only got to go to a few classes and I know I should probably give it more time but I feel like it's all pointless and like my life is empty.

Just a few more details, my parents pay for my education and I don't live on campus (the way it works here you have to be on a state scholarship to be accepted into dorms). They haven't been pressuring me to achieve anything. Everyone around me, including my doctors acts like this is a test run. That I should just be happy my delusions stopped and I'm out of the hospital.

I also go to this support group and the people there are all older than me and they are all more seriously ill than me, they feel happy that they're alive and they spend their days monotonously and they're encouraged. The idea behind that, and what they are making me do by keeping a tight schedule (meant to include stuff like folding the sheets in the morning but fuck that) is to keep myself as calm as I was in the hospital which I really feel is bunk.  Don't tell me to quit it because I can't, my parents wouldn't let me. And I think it helps in a way, at least it's something to do on Tuesdays.

But right now I really want to kill myself. Sorry this got so rambling. If you got to the end I guess what I really wanted was some attention and maybe someone to talk to, I don't want to push away the few friends I have by complaining to them incessantly.

TL;DR I'm terribly depressed and want to kill myself three weeks after getting out of the hospital where I was treated for psychosis.