Someone please hear me out :'(Im having so much troubles in my life, i see no point in fighting anymore, im so afraid, I cant tell anyone how I feel, my mom just yells at me if I say something, I hate this world, I hate this system, I hate greedy and selfish people! I cant do it anymore! Ive got nothing, except this forum, where Im annonymus and I can tell how I feel, I know im not the only one out there... In one sentence this is how I feel: Im afraid to die but I also dont want to live anymore.
Why? What is the point? Im having this horrible thoughts of suicide, and Im rly scared, I dont know what to do, If I tell anyone from my family they will be ashamed of me :'( Ive got no school done, no job which means Ive got no money... Only thing I do have is something that not even money can buy and no1 can take it away from me, Im rly into music, just makes me happy for the time im listening to it or making it and on 13th of may im doing a show as a DJ, its going to be a great night, I will fly like an angel, I will feel alive, have no worries, I will feel like I have something to live for, but then... what happens when the show is over? Im so afraid... I dont know what to do, im hopeless, my ex girlfriend dumped me a year ago and thats when it all started, I spent my whole summer inside crying for someone that is not worth it I know that, but I just cant deal with it! I dont know why, I guess she moved on, but I swear that was a mistake what she did, never in a milion years I wouldnt think that she would leave me, but she did. I guess now she moved on, shes happy... I cant.. boyz and girlz I cant... I said to myself: I will do the friday show because I know I will live the life like I always dreamed about, but after the show, I probably will say goodbye. And this scares the crap out of me! There is almost no1 that I know Id have the guts to tell them... Im pretending to be okay but rly, Im not, I feel like Im in the middle of the crowd and Im screaming out loud and no1 even looks at me :'( I screwed up my life rly bad...

P.S. sorry for my english, sometimes goes on "wtf is english anyway?" 

Thank you whoever replies!
