One stupid fucking impulse caused an insane chain-reaction and now I'm ruined for lifeExactly two years ago I dumped my ex. She was 8 years older and tried to build a life with me. At first she said she didn't want kids. Later on she said 'maybe with the right person'... She also proudly said she'd only date white guys (she's Asian)... She asked for a relationship after one night together. I also remember I told her that my parents were dead and she had this fake cry about it. Maybe it was genuine, but to me it felt fake. A bunch of red flags. I should have ended it straightaway because what's the use of an 8 year older woman who's living on the other side of the world? I was still a lazy student. 

However, she was extremely sweet to me. At that time I was very high value for her. Young, attractive European guy who was in love with her. Immediately she went overboard with scheduling business trips. When she visited she brought so many gifts. Anything to create leverage over me. It was obvious: breaking up was no option. 

However, I thought to myself: wait a second, this will never work out. She's so much older, in her mid 30s, she probably wants kids and so on. I've had a terrible childhood filled with abuse and trauma. I'm still studying. Mentally I'm like 22 years old instead of 26. I should break up. I was extremely immature though so I didn't communicate that until it was like 3 weeks before Christmas and she'd fly over. I asked when her birthday was again to make sure I wouldn't forget it, she gets angry and hangs up the phone. Then I call her 'maybe we should break up'... She starts crying and hangs up the phone again. Then she calls again. Immediately she has drawn her conclusions while I thought we'd finally have a good conversation about our relationship. She starts talking about what she should do with her flight instead of just calmly talking it out and I'm like 'I don't know, dramaqueen' and so on. She starts yelling at me. Unfollowing me. Behaving like a toddler who didn't get what she wanted.

In the end she still flies over and we only meet during her last night there. I don't properly explain myself then. She also said I shouldn't call her dramaqueen 'yea sorry just did that without thinking'... She calls me to forgive me 6 months later, but I ignore it.

Since our break-up I turn my life around. I was always smoking like 5 spliffs and 10 cigarettes per day and only ate garbage. I quit those things and start working out 6 days per week. Eating extremely healthy. My weight was between 70-75kg at some point while I used to be way too skinny. I also lose my grandma a year ago. After that I fully realize: I'm going to die someday. Of course I knew that, but not to the extent I do now. I feel such intense regret because I should have lived with that idea in mind at 18 years old. Not at 27/28 after smoking way too much and giving myself a huge risk of (lung) cancer. So I spiral in the darkest depression ever and become extremely suicidal. Feel like I've ruined everything. 

Then I contact this ex about missing her, 'what could have been' and so on. It wasn't even about getting her back. Mostly just wanted to talk because she was 8 years older and always very sweet to me so I needed her at my lowest point. However, what I don't realize is the persona she adopted while dating me was just her investing in me. Being the sweet woman who would help me figure life out because that's what I liked about our relationship so I wouldn't leave her. Especially after my parents died such a person was great for me. However, she's done with me and now she's just coldhearted. So she replies: 'It's over. I've improved a lot since then. You were the worst dumper ever. Grow up. Get a grip.'

Eh what is this hostility all of a sudden? Last time we met you were still sweet  to me. I'm extremely depressed and irritational and do something so stupid after that, it was an impulse, I did it without any forethought and it has fucked me up for 9 months already:

I made a new account and wrote 'Fuck improving. I'm done with life. Pointless bullshit anyway. Before it happens, you still want my cat?'

She gets angry. I tell her I just think it's too late. 'Nothing is too late you're just living in your tragic mind'... I make a new account to tell her how unhealthy I lived 'so? your choice to live in a dumphole' and blocks me again. I keep trying to explain my depression and she keeps engaging and blocking me. Being heartless about it. 

Then in the end she says 'you didn't change a bit and only went backwards' so I make a new account to tell her I did change. Then she explodes and writes an awful message filled with insults. 'You'll never learn how to live your life'... It melts my brain. Keeps repeating 24/7. The first months it was so awful, but I still think about it all the time. She said she'd never reply anymore no matter how I provoke her. I'm already at my lowest point and on the verge of suicide so I can't deal with those insults and just keep spamming her. Explaining why dumping her was selfless and so on. In the beginning I was pissed too and completely cursed her out. Just this intense fucking hatred like I was so angry at her. Holy shit. I turned into a fucking monster because of it.

She keeps refusing to talk while I can't stop thinking about it so I keep writing messages all the time. Writing it, deleting it, writing it again. Like wayyyyyy too much. During the lockdown so absolutely no life at all constantly trying to type the perfect message and deleting it again. It repeats in my head at an unbearable rate. After 5 months she puts her Instagram on pause and I quit after writing an extremely embarrassing last e-mail to her work... However, this obsession really sucks for me. I think about this all the time. It has turned me into a bitter and frustrated piece of shit. I just feel like 'jeeeeeeez, what's the big deal to talk for 30 minutes so I can fully move on instead of feeling so mentally stuck on this'. So this month I tried again. We're 9 months later. I keep thinking about her horrible last message. I want to make peace before the year ends... So I keep writing a bunch of messages like: please call me before 2020 ends, I will stop contacting in 2021, but I just want to leave this behind me. Or saying like: Dumping wasn't entirely my fault, you were 34 so it was your responsibility to make sure you were in a relationship where both people want the same thing. Or saying that I have nightmares about this, lost weight and that I can't concentrate on my work.

But again, she ignores it and eventually puts her Instagram on pause again 😓😓😓 Probably because she doesn't want to think about her pathetic harassing and stalking ex during NY's ever and who can blame her, but on the other hand: I'm a human being too. I'm feeling extremely bad about this. I'd do anything to make amends. I'm so frustrated. And she doesn't give a fuck. 

So long story short: I'm a pathetic loser who wasted 2020 on processing a bunch of terrible insults that kept repeating in my head all the time because my brain is fucking obsessive. I wrote extremely cringy messages to her trying to fix it, but that was only digging a deeper hole. I lost more than 10 kilo in weight because I feel too embarrassed and her insults broke my spirit because I was already so fragile... And now I've given her the power to destroy my life even more. She can share those messages online and everyone will laugh at me. She can send it to my new girlfriend. She can expose me after my death and I will never know. I feel so bad about this, lost all my self-respect and want to kill myself. CAN'T LIVE WITH WHAT I'VE DONE 😓

Honestly I'm sooo close to ending myself over this. I simply can't forgive myself. I accidentally turned myself into a bad person with that fucking stupid impulse to drop those suicidal texts on her. After that I couldn't control my urge to unload on her while she just judged me, called it whining and exploded with a final message that shattered my soul in a million pieces.