Little brother is self mutilating. Please help me!!!My brother is 15 year old. I'm 3 years older. For the past 3 years we have been dealing with our terminally ill father and witnessed a lot of suffering. Our family is in flames. We're going through financial difficulties and have to witness our father's situation. When dad was diagnosed I was his age, but it was way easier for me to cope with it because it was not as serious as it is now and I was always a bit more mature.

I feel shitty. When we were younger we fought a lot, often got physical. It was never really intense  (never punched him in the face, left him bleeding or seriously injured him). We haven't physically fought in years now but I can't help but feel I'm a part of this. I have always had a really short temper with him but I've been trying to fix it. It's involuntary, sometimes he screws things up and I cannot control it. He has severe ADHD since he was a kid. Sometimes when he does something like not picking up my calls when I'm going to pick him up at school I yell for a minute. He has not fought back in years and it makes me feel sick, I do not want him to be scared at me or just accept that someone yells at him.

He never went good at school, flunked twice when he was just a little kid. He is a really fun kid though, everyone likes him. I've been through similar experiences: being the fun kid, liked by everyone, never took things seriously and used comedy to mask every single insecurity I had - but it never got as serious at it is with him.

He had been cutting himself with a razor blade a few months ago, stopped, started seeing a therapist but now he's doing it again. Cuts his inner thigh and his stomach according to my mother. I have no clue on how to approach him or give him subtle hints that everything will be okay. I'm not looking for validation, I'm a narcissistic piece of shit and I legitimately think I have some fault in this. I don't really know how brothers fight but we had excellent education at home. 

I love him, I wish it was me going through that. What can I do????

&amp;#x200B;