advice neededposting this on an account i made a while ago but never used rather than my main because i would never want people who know me to find out about this. depression has been a massive problem for me for around 5 years and i just feel like ive completely faded away and not only have i lost myself but ive lost everyone i was close to and now i have nobody and nothing to be proud of or to live for. i resorted to self harming and my parents caught me in the act and emotionally abused me for it because they see this kind of shit as mentally insane, every time i tried to tell them how i feel they would make me feel like the scum of the earth just for feeling depressed and suicidal and they would blame me for everything. i have no friends or other family and the only people in my life are my parents and they couldn't care less to understand ive tried seeking therapy and i used to take antidepressants but neither helped me in the slightest i feel like its already too late for me ive fallen too far. i have diagnosed anxiety and autism and both stop me from forming a relationship with anyone and i just don't have the mental capacity to communicate with anyone every time i try to i just completely break down it's all just too much but i can't be alone anymore either ive been alone for so long and it's driving me insane. ive had friends who've taken advantage of me when i was most vulnerable and physically and emotionally abused me and all my other friends have given up on me and left and im desperate for social interaction but i just cant bring myself to do it im so scared because i dont want to make the same mistakes and push people away from me. i have no goals or dreams or hobbies and everything in life seems so dull and undesirable and i just dont have the energy to do anything. there were things i used to enjoy doing but i dont enjoy doing anything anymore and i cant even remember a time when i felt genuinely happy. i want to feel happy so badly but it just seems like happiness doesn't exist anymore. if every day is just going to consist of me suffering then is there any point in me continuing?