Unsure of what to do.I'm relatively new to Reddit, but lurking around it long enough to realize that there might be hope for me here. This isn't something that I really talk about with anyone, since I don't have anyone I fully trust, so I figured "What do I have to lose?" 

I've been hopeless on and off again for the past 19 years when my sister killed herself when I was 11, and she was 18. At the time, I didn't even think that suicide could be a thing, like you could actually do that to yourself? I didn't have that great of a relationship with my mom, as there was abuse between her and partners, and I have a lot of things I just can't seem to remember fully, only bits and pieces.  When I Was 17, my little sister was put into the mental hospital for attempted suicide by swallowing pills. She was 11 years old. At the same time, my mom overdosed on medication when we were spending the night with some friends. My mom was in a relationship with my stepdad at the time, and her boyfriend "The love of her life" was spending the night with all of us, too. And just by that, I could tell something was going to happen. The last memory I have of my mother was her looking out the window watching her ex boyfriend playing with my niece, and her tears would not stop. The next morning, she was dead. I remember how when I woke up and watched everyone rushing around, and it felt like I was in slow motion. I sat outside and I couldn't even cry. The only thought was, "What do I do now?" I was completely alone, and have felt so since then. The medical team arrived and asked if I wanted to say my good\-byes. I told them that she wasn't in there anymore, so she wouldn't hear me anyway. Some people I didn't even know showed up, but apparently she had  called them up the night before and told them how much she loved her daughters. I had to go tell my little sister in the hospital, and I can't get her face out of my mind when I told her. I went home and stayed in my room alone for what felt like weeks. I didn't know where I was going to go, I wanted my sister there with me, but due to the laws she had to stay in there for a while longer, especially given this news. At the wake, my cousins told me "I didn't have to be so strong" because I wasn't crying. I really wish I would have cried instead of killing the emotions that were growing inside me. Maybe things would be better if I knew how to let things out instead of feeling like a burden with my selfish emotions.  I moved in with a relative, who told my sister and I no one else in the family cared about us, no one called, no one wanted to visit. I found out years later that wasn't true after a falling out with the whole family. The relative sold all of my moms things and built her house she wanted with the money.  A year later I left, and a few months after that, they kicked my younger sister out for doing drugs.

That was just a back story of how things started changing. I haven't even written any of this down anywhere else because I don't see the point. I'm trying to gain more control of my emotions, and letting them out. I just don't want people I know to judge me. So the internet works, I suppose.

Throughout my life I believe I have gained a personality disorder, PTSD, and clinical depression. Just 8 months ago I had gotten drunk and was going to put a bullet in my head. I "accidentally" fell asleep. I was diagnosed with clinical depression among other things.

I have just quit my job because they treated me terribly. I have no money, can't afford rent this month, lost a good "friend", my dad whom I have just met is in the hospital after having a stroke, and my boyfriend who told me "Out of all the people, you should be able to talk to me the most" is ignoring all of my texts and has been for the past week. I just feel like no one really gives a shit. Why would they? Everyone has their own problems, and it just seems like venting at this point. 

Now I'm thinking of suicide again, and there are no places to go and honestly, with how everything has fallen apart \(I left out a whole lot of stuff\), the only thing that is keeping me here right now is my son, and he is going to his dad's house for the summer. 

I cannot think of what to do at this point, because it just seems like everything will be taken away again, and I am just so goddamn tired of rebuilding everything every year. I guess I'm just posting this because I'm extremely vulnerable, and I just want someone to just give a shit. Like, actually give a shit.

I don't even know if I posted this correctly, but I just really want someone to talk to. 