I’m such a monster. In a hopeless place and terrified to fail againIt’s been two years since my failed attempt. I remember regaining consciousness on the wet pavement with cops ad rescue personnel scrambling around me. I was in shock to still be alive. I had my mouth around the tailpipe - taking deep breaths until I passed out. Why didn’t it work? I found out later that my car filters out carbon monoxide from the exhaust, so there’s no way it would’ve worked. After the shock wore off, I was in hysterics. I did not want to be alive. 

It’s been two years. Two hospitalizations. Thousands and thousands of dollars to weekly - sometimes twice weekly - therapy and medication management appointments. Multiple failed medication trials. And not one day of being thankful that my suicide attempt was unsuccessful. Not one day. I’ve been a burden to everyone. My doctors. My therapist. My husband. My son. I’m pretty sure I’ve literally lost my mind. My husband is so fed up with me that he gets angry at me and fusses at me for not being over all this yet. I’m such a failure. What is wrong with my brain? I’m pretty sure my husband is going to leave me over this and I don’t blame him. I would’ve been gone a long time ago. I’m nothing but a psychopathic monster. 

I spent the last twelve hours researching how I will try again. I’m so scared though. I’m scared to fail again. This has been a torturous battle of trying to find hope and get better but only to keep running into dark dead ends. I honestly don’t know what is worse. Laying here on the ground of my office and not moving, trapped in a pit of my own despair because my husband doesn’t want me at the house as he is sick of my constant crying? Or trying to end it all and be at peace only to wake up in the hospital having failed again... They both feel equally horrific, which has left me absolutely paralyzed in fear. 

I wish so deeply that I could just be normal. Why do I have to struggle with all this? Why can’t things come easily to me, like they do my husband or my sister? Why am I such a monster and feel so psychotic, despite so much therapy? Why am I such a horrible person with horrible, crippling thoughts? I’ve been in such emotional agony for so long that I can’t even discern what is emotion and what is physical. My head feels like it will split open from the throbbing pain in my brain. My chest feels like my lungs are in a vice grip. I’ve been gasping for breath all day. My brain is running a marathon in my head. I’m so jittery that you can see my entire body trembling. I haven’t been able to eat the last few months from the loss of appetite and nausea. I now weigh less than 100lbs. Every muscle is my body is so tensed up that no matter how much I focus and practice, I cannot relax. My whole body burns from the pain of constant muscle tension. I have sores in my mouth and on my tongue from chewing. It is honestly painful to drink anything because I’ve chewed all the skin off the insides of my cheeks and have painful sores on my tongue that are constantly agitated with the friction on my teeth. My jaw is so clenched that I can feel the pain shooting through to my ears. I can’t breathe. I feel so alone because everyone in my life has lost patience with me. I’m completely hopeless and so tired and so scared. Why me???