I've fucked upWarning you ahead of time, that this won't be very choerant due to my state and being on my phone at the minute.

Please help. I have been struggling with depression for about 4 years, self harm 3 years, suicidal tendencies 2 years. I studied in Cambridge, UK (also I am Latvian), private school, for three and a half years, until I got expelled for shit grades. I have been sweeping streets since February, 8 hours a day, and I am 17 and I get paid 15 quid a day. I cant deal with this shit. It was thoight I would be going back to Cambridge this September, to my perfect school (I visited last week, just amazing), and study my dream course for Fashion Photography. The girl of my dreams who has helped me out so much is from Cambridge, who I also have visited only once since February, where I had to pay for the trip fully myself. My dad doesnt believe I am actually depressed and thinks I am putting it on to get pity, or use as an excuse for me fucking up. Even despite the fact I have been seeing a psychologist since February.

Here's the kicker. He has decided not to send me to Helsinki to study now. And not just away from everything I love and know, but also will have tovlearn a new language. He doesn't understand how important Cambridge is to me, and that I cant deal with moving again, because I have done so all my life. I just don't know what to do have been contemplating suicide a lot more recently. It's just all too much for me. Help I just don't know what to do and I know I probqbly have left a lot out. Sorry. Just fuck.

I also am struggling with my sexual identity (whether I am actually bi or have I been doing that for years to seem interesting or whatever), especially in contrast to my dad who is macho millionaire with like 4 model girlfriends (no joke), and often jokes that he wasn't expecting a metrosexual little shit (his worfs not mine), amongst other often homosexual steered jokes.

On top of which I cant tell my girlfriend properly, because while she supports me all the time when I feel shit (aka everyday), I never could bring myself to tell her that it wasn't 100% that I will be coming back, and especially now that I am 100% not going back, because of her incredibly low self esteem, how east she starts panicking, and other such things, and I don't know how she will deal with the stress.
And sorry for spamming, I will stop now. Sorry.

Sorry it is all inchoerant, it was all copied from my other post in /r/depression and I just can't put it together... Sorry.

EDIT: FOR FUCKS SAKE I EVEN FUCKED UP THIS! Edited to include it all...