TiredI havent really been to this sub much. I lost someone to suicide a few years back. I usually post to r/suicide bereavement. 

Anyway, I am just tired.

I actually have always thought it would be me. I'd finish school, start working, realize how pointless it all is and in a moment of impulsivity, just end it. I never thought it would be my family member, he is the last one that I thought would take his life.

Anyway, Im just so tired. I feel that I have constantly been fighting the mental health fight. Fighting anxiety then depression, then anxiety then depression; a continuous cycle. The cycle gets punctuated by good and bad moments, but the accumulation of bad moments is really wearing on me. Did I mention, I'm just so tired?

I try to move away from postivie thinking and just be pragmatic about it, 'life is full of good and bad shit, you just move thru it.'  But at some point I'm just like,  whats the meaning in dealing with this? It doesn't 'get better' instead the same cycle just continues, good moments, bad moments, devastating moments, moments of pain and grief, moments of self-deprication, self-doubt, self-hate. I'm trying to hang on, like this will pass, but again what am I hanging on for, more of the same?  Again, I'm tired of this cycle.

I can't tell anyone but I legit thought about jumping out of my boyfriends condo yesterday. I smoked some pot and I was able to convince myself that maybe this isnt reality. I kept thinking though that I couldn't do that, I thought about how much that would fuck him up, fuck up my sister, fuck up my best friend. But I really wanted too. I wanted it all to end. 

'Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem.' Yea I've talked to enough therapists after my brothers suicide that I've heard that one before. But as you see, this problem, my overwhelming emotions, they have been there for as long as I can remember. I take meds, I go to therapy, I work on healthcare so I feel I'm 'helping others', I try to be a good friend/sister/daughter/gf. I try to be considerate to others but man it feels like recently, that same consideration is not extended to me. So why the fuck do I keep trying so hard? Again, I'm tired of this shit, tired of trying to do the right thing, trying to care for others, trying to consider everyone else. I say, 'don't end your life, fuck everyone and just do what you wanna do'. Then lol inevitably, I think, I am so tired of this.

Thanks for reading. 