Lost Hope, no will to continue.Title says it all, I've lost hope and my will to live. I just got home from a two week business trip, my (30M) girlfriend (27F) had been acting weird while i was gone, not calling, texting and the last few days while i was gone told me she didn't think it was working out. I was just about to possibly start a new travel position with my job, had my interview Friday which went well and the plan had been for her to travel with me, see new things together and start a new chapter. I asked her to consider and she said she would think about it. Fast forward to Saturday night when picked me up from the airport. When we got home the place was a wreck, and her sisters and sisters boyfriend were here. While i was gone she had packed all her belongings and moved everything to her parents house. She told me shes just not happy, that she loves me and im a great person but shes fallen out of love, which i feel has a lot to do with me being gone for work a lot, i focused so much on our future i forgot to live in the present. I was in a bad place and told her i dont think i could be alone here in the apartment but she said she couldn't stay, her sisters boyfriend who id never met offered to stay with me, we grabbed some beers and he stayed up with me all night, slept here with me on the couch and even texted me to check in to make sure I was ok next day. my ex? came over yesterday and we talked, i asked her if there was any way we can work things out, but she told me shes just not happy and she needs to grow and so do I and that maybe in the future we might have another chance but couldn't promise anything, but we could remain friends. I suffer from severe anxiety and depression, have for years and she knows this, told her i wasn't in a good place and asked her to stay and help me, clean the apartment and that i couldn't handle being alone, i have no family here and my only friend here travels with the same company as me and is away from home. She told me she didnt think ii was a good idea and that her family would show up and the last thing i wanted was her dad showing up here. She told me she would come back today and help but shes leaving for a family trip Tuesday and wont be back until Sunday, i took a week PTO so i leave town Sunday night. so far she hasn't replied to my text or bothered to call, so i dont think shes coming. I spent all morning writing a suicide note and its now completed, since she took my guns out of worry so i came up with another plan. I guess i just wanted to talk to someone, or put my story out there, i dont know. I just cant handle this anxiety and depression on my own any longer.