My wife wants to end it allShe's always had self-esteem issues. Apart from having struggled with her weight most of her life (not morbidly obese or anything, just a bit podgy), she was raised by ultraconservative religious parents who made her wear clothes 4 sizes too large lest any curves be spotted, wasn't allowed out except precisely during school hours, etc, and constantly undermined as regards her appearance, etc. 

She eventually got the hell out of there, married me, got a network of friends and colleagues, actually went out on the town now and again, quite the social butterfly. 

But she's long had very thin, sparse hair. And in the last month or so, she's come down with some godawful illness (we think it may be thyroiditis) that's making her hair fall out at a vast rate. And it's doing so in a way that looks androgenic, which means it might be permanent. 

She's devastated. She can't bear to be seen in public, and she doesn't see that ever changing. As she sees it, she clawed her way up to normal, face-value acceptance, *finally* not being the weirdo - and now that's all been ripped away from her. 

That she could wear a wig/hat/etc isn't the point; underneath it, she'd feel "like a freak", and she can't face going back to that. As such, she can only imagine being a shut-in for the rest of her life, and that's even worse. She can only see herself growing increasingly bitter and twisted and resentful, and she doesn't want to be that person. 

Shaving the lot off and owning it: also not an option, as she sees it, because she'd feel even more of a freak. 

She has constantly, with grim determination, expressed a wish to die. She can't live like this, she *won't* live like this, she just wants to die. No concrete plans or timeframes, but cold talk of what to do with per possessions, how to access her bank account, etc. And due to the stress and sickness and general misery and attendant depression, she can't see even any *potential* for joy in her life - not even in seeing our 4yo son grow up. 

I'm beside myself here. I mentioned all this to the staff in the ER when she was in for medical reasons (the illness got pretty nasty for a while there), and they proceeded to lock her into the psych unit against her will (voluntary admission, but they locked the door and told her they'd just make it involuntary if she didn't cooperate), strip away her dignity and privacy, subject her to gruelling, harrowing interviews for a day, then let her out again with no *help* whatsoever. Not doing *that* again, thankyouverymuch. 

And she's refusing to even see a counselor, because she reckons she knows what they'll say, has nothing but contempt for what she feels will be glib suggestions, and besides, doesn't *want* to try and save her own life. 

I've been constantly doing all I can to support her emotionally, to (as gently as feasible) rebut her justifications, explain that turning into an embittered hermit is NOT her only option, that her emotions aren't as locked-in as she perceives them to be, that in the very worst case, she can and will adapt and find other ways to look at it, other ways to relate, other ways to be happy. And she just won't hear any of it. 

I'm exhausted, terrified, and despairing. I'm running out of resources myself here. 