Life=garbageI'm close to the end of rope after all the shit I've been through over the years and my current situation. I feel hopeless as fuck with a minimal support system around me and I had to quit therapy because my savings is getting so low from living off of it for the past few months. 

I had a rotten childhood devoid of love and empathy, having been raised by a narcissistic father and my biological mother wasn't around for most of it. He often degraded me any chance he got, whether it be my appearance, intelligence, my handwriting, etc. I don't think he ever praised or supported a single fucking thing I accomplished. Bullied from day one of school until I graduated. A year out of high school, I got raped by my partner and I didn't tell anyone. At 20, I ended up homeless and dealt with some of the craziest people while living on the street. Stayed drunk 24/7 to deal with all the  chaos and to dull the pain of the past. Got off the street a few months later, started doing lots stimulants and was drinking more days than not. Two years later, I got raped again, this time by a friend. 

The second time I got raped, it really fucked me up good. I've become withdrawn, I don't feel connected with people anymore, developed PTSD, having sex in relationships is extremely hard, I get thoughts of brutal revenge, I'm scared of the dark and I don't like sleeping next to anyone. Scared to sleep by myself most of the time too. Every aspect of my life has been stripped of any enjoyment or positivity. I either feel cynical/bitter/angry/depressed/scared or utterly numb and indifferent to everything.  Life doesn't feel worth living anymore when I don't feel pleasure and fear everyone. It's total hell. 

Currently, to top this shit cake, I'm unemployed and nearly all my savings is gone. All my future plans are trashed now that the money is near gone. I apply places, usually never getting a phone call back and even when I get an interview I totally blow it with how anxious I am around people I don't know, especially men. Even harder to find jobs I can handle while dealing with PTSD symptoms. Once I'm not able to afford my medication or rent anymore, I feel like I'm left with offing myself. I'm sick of suffering, being constantly on edge, unable to connect with people and getting rejected. I want to be dead and gone, erase my pointless existence with the hopes that there is either no afterlife or I get reincarnated as someone who ends up having a decent life. Idk. Fuck existing.

