Cant take it Anymore. I’m Beyond PatheticEver since my ex broke up with me six months ago, I have become more pathetic than I would have ever thought possible. 

I am 30/M, fairly good looking ( as I’ve been told by several women in my life ), well mannered generally and well educated ( hold a Masters Degree ). I have suffered from depression in the last year and instead of seeking proper treatment for my condition, it impacted my relationship with my gf of three years. She was too occupied in her own life and when I expected her to be there for me, like I had been there for her whenever she needed me to be. Her busy schedule, my condition and resentment took its toll and she broke up with me half a year ago.

Ever since, I have been a mess. In fact calling myself a mess would be an understatement. I spent two months embarrassing myself trying to win her back and be driven to the edge by her indifference. Being so angry when I find out three months ago that she was seeing someone else that I beat up a guy in a bar and had to spend a weekend prison and settled out of court. Gave up on my career. Have had a few one night stands, gone on a couple of dates, am “talking” to a couple of girls but every few hours I end up crying  hysterically. Didn’t think it was possible for a grown up man to cry so much. 

I have distanced myself from all my friends, disappeared off social media and moved to SE Asia where I’m just on my own living off family money. It feels wrong taking money from my parents since I’m not even close to them. 

I had a life once. I had a job. I had a nice apartment. I had friends. I had a beautiful amazing girlfriend whom I looked forward to spending the rest of my life with. I have nothing left now. Except for Netflix, getting drunk every night and trying to have sex with a 20 something girl passing through SE Asia. 

I think I’m done with this life. I just want to die already. Wouldn’t be too hard finding someone in this part of the world who can shoot me in the head for some money or can get me a lethal injection. 