Tomorow is my 18th birthday. I dont want to live long enough to experience it. I want to share my story with someone before its overEven if one person reads this, it would mean a lot to me.

My life has crumbled apart every single year getting worse. Getting beat every day growing up, head smashed in blood everywhere, getting ptsd, depression, anxiety and social anxiety. 

Being put in an all girl boarding school that is less than 10mins away from my house, after they found my suicide drawings i was forced to sign a contract saying if i kill myself at school its not their fault , but also not providing me any help. Getting kicked out for doing drugs and forced to live at home again to be abused everyday. 

My dad destroying everything in my room and beating me, Running away from home that night after my parents try to fly me away to another state for bootcamp. Getting diagnosed with chronic migraines that make be bed ridden everyday. Isolated, never leaving a tiny unit for 4 months at a time. 

 Living with my piece of shit boyfriend who got me put in hospital 3 times after i tried to kill myself, pretending for 3 years that he still loved me even tho we fought everyday and mental breakdowns became a weekly thing. 

Im trapped living with him because i have no where to go, i have enough pills to kill myself but not enough to die quickly, if i get found i could be saved. My sister is just who i could have been if my dad didnt pick me to use as a punching bag. She is in the best university in the state, in the top 60 in the world, studying psycology, that was my dream. I was always naturally smarter than her and she tells me that. I cant die and ruin her life, i want her to be happy unlike me.

Now i have no highschool certificate, no one here for me, never ending physical and mental pain. How can i live like this. How can i experience a life time of pain before i am even considered an adult. When i think this is the worst pain i have felt, something tops that every day that goes by.

 My heart feels like its ripped from my body, it hurts so bad. I want to sleep forever.