please readI went to the train station on Thanksgiving fully intending to end it all. Honestly it seemed like the perfect day to do it. Rainy. Cold. Everyone is with family already so there'd be no one there. There was a homeless guy just chillin with his guitar on the bench under the weather shelter. I guess since it was Thanksgiving the indoor waiting area was locked up early. What really got me - shit still does - is that he wasn't really doing anything. He wasn't playing guitar, he wasn't reading, he wasn't really paying attention. He was just sitting there. It was kind of like looking in a mirror in a way. I remember thinking that I was here to die and he was here to survive. I thought that was kind of funny in a really fuckin' dark way. Ironic maybe? No clue; I never really payed attention to that part of my English classes.

Anyway, he glanced up at me when I walked to the edge but didn't really pay me any mind after that. For whatever reason I decided to give him what was in my wallet. I think it was something like $80. I guess I wanted to at least do something nice before I went. Hell, it was Thanksgiving. Time for charity! The sincerity in his eyes when he thanked me broke my heart because I knew what he was going to see. Before I came I'd watched hours of people getting hit by trains. I wanted to know what I was getting myself into ya know? It's not good stuff to watch. I wish I hadn't watched it now. I still see a lot of it in my head. I can't imagine what it would be like to see it in person. I told him to have a good Thanksgiving and went to stand by the edge and wait. 

I was scared, but that was expected. Death is scary, man. I don't believe in an afterlife. Once I'm dead, that's it. That's nothing. What I didn't expect was me being okay with it. I was scared, but I had accepted this was it. I really can't put it in words. My heart was racing but I was calm. Looking forward to it really.

After a few minutes he picked up his guitar and started playing and singing: "We Shall Overcome". I'm in a music class right now where we learn about different forms of music across the world and throughout time. This is one of the songs we covered. I didn't think much about it at the time - it was just something to know for the test- but standing there listening to that man sing it hit me hard. I thought about how people stood up for themselves and fought for their rights. I thought about how different things would be if they had just killed themselves instead. And I felt like an ass and a coward. 

The acceptance was replaced with anger. I don't know at what. I just know I was mad. I went back to my car, drove out to the football stadium parking lot and yelled. When I couldn't yell anymore I cried. When I couldn't cry anymore I vomited. When I couldn't vomit anymore I just sat there. I was out there for probably two hours.

It's been a few weeks since that day. Nothing about my lifestyle has changed. I still want to die. But now I want to not want that anymore. I want to be happy. I'm withdrawing from school and moving back home to deal with this shit. And I'm scared. I feel like I'm failing. The plan was simple. Graduate high school, graduate college, get a job, get married, be happy, retire, die. But now I can't even make it past step 2. What if I never stop wanting to die? What if the loneliness gets to be too much?

I don't know man. Sorry for the shitty writing and rambling. I'm just scared. It's finals week and I'm failing half of my classes. I trashed the GPA I worked so hard for and that made my parents proud. When I come back even if I work as hard as possible it will never be where it was.