How much do I have to take before suicide is justifiable?There's no fucking end. All my life since I was 5 has been physical, mental, sexual abuse, from parents, teachers, church members, bosses, siblings, strangers, uncles, women and men. Even therapists are shocked with how much disgusting sick awful things people have done. Somehow I attract it, I have ptsd and developmental trauma, manic depression, bpd, and panic disorder. I can't touch or be touched by humans, have been in and out of hospitals, psych wards, medications, so much fucking therapy. CBT, DBT, Psychotherapy, object relations therapy, emotional regulation, crisis management, nobody can say I haven't tried. I've tried so hard to heal. Every day I wake up desperately hopeless and full of despair and dread. I walk to work, nauseous, and so afraid. I look at the knives at work and they're the only relief, seeing them there and knowing I have an out, I have, at least, some control. Nobody can hurt me if I kill myself. I don't eat for weeks because hunger pain makes me feel something. It's something to focus on, and I can pretend that I'm dying and soon I'll be free. I can't stop thinking about dying. I'm afraid of it, but I want out. I'm so desperate for an out. People says it gets better but I've been trying for so long. I'm trapped by finances, by abusive ignorant family, I'm in no state to work the job that I do, but I have to force myself through each day of it, trying to not let anyone see that I'm faking everything. That I'm not doing the work properly. I can't retain information anymore, I'm exhausted. It's 1am and I'm cold sweating from fear of work tomorrow. I am triggered into emotional flashbacks every 10 minutes it seems. They think I'm weird and push me around because I'm so fucking terrified of them, of people. I just get walked over and it makes me so sick to think of standing up for myself. I can't anymore, that's never ended well. It always ends up with being raped or beaten or neglected or manipulated. What the fuck am I supposed to do with all this? What am I supposed to do besides kill myself? What reasons are there really for me to live? I don't care if it gets better in the future, I can't exist in the present. I have no one to live for, or who would be sad if I was gone. My family are a toxic boiling mess of violence and hatred. I feel I am in the lowest point that a person can go to mentally. I am fucked up in the head, there's no fixing this. Therapy is more pain, and I can't take it. I can't even handle doing nothing. Sitting doing nothing is too much for me. I'm desperate for relief. I have a massive stockpile of pills, I have everything I need. I guess this is a rant before I go, maybe I'll get too tired again before I go through with it. Maybe I'll survive. I hope not, but if I've learnt anything, it's that I don't have much control over what happens to me. Just some peace, some nothingness like deep sleep forever. A ceasing of existence. The thought makes me feel something good and I haven't felt that in a long time / that's why I feel this path must be the right one. I Cabt stop typing and I've written so much, maybe I'm scared to make a decision. I'm swapping around. I'm so dehydrated, too