Feeling numbHi! I am an out of school youth in the Philippines. I am 20 years old male turning 21 this august. I started feeling it when i was 12 years old. That time i was at 6th grade. I was an under age laborer that time. I sell umbrellas. I stopped studying when i was about to turn 7th grade. During that time, i forced myself to work because my family was struggling financially. We can't even afford to buy food, my mom is an housewife and my father is an o.f.w. that time. My father sends remittance to us every month, but it doesn't suffice our needs. Some time one of my brothers got sick, we can't even afford to buy him some medicine. Eventually he dies because his heart suddenly stopped, says the doctor. After that incident, me, feeling numbness starts. I don't know how to properly identify that feeling, it feels like... I am not myself. As if someone take over my body and i don't know whats happening. Sometimes i barely remember what happened during that time. After my brother died. Since i was the eldest. It took heavy toll on me. I always blame myself because of not working hard to give him what he needs which is food. He looks very dried, i can still see him every time i close my eyes. I always cherish our memory. Even sometimes it hurts. Really really hurts. His death made a hole in my heart and i know i deserve it.  After his death my dad came home without ending his contract and do not work again abroad for a year. We found out that my mother was 6 months pregnant. My father was very angry at her, and mine too. He always blame me for not saying a thing to him. Even though i myself do not know anything about my mothers pregnancy too. Whenever he is angry he always confront me and forced me to talk. About how my mother got pregnant? Who is the father? And i always tell him nothing because i really don't know anything about my mom pregnancy. One time they fight, and my father hit her with something. Leaving bruise to her body. We were there crying telling our father to stop while they fight. Because our house is so small that 6 steps from front door is our c.r.. We sleep in our very tiny but wonderful house like sardines in a can. After their fight my mom leaves us. After me mother's leaving, my fathers confrontation to me always happens. I hate to say it but i think my father abused me not just physically but mostly mentally. Whenever he is angry he always hit me with anything he can grab, from cloth hanger, belt, to shoes etc. 
After 3 months of my brothers death and a month after my mother leaves us, we moved by selling our old house and with the little amount of money my father gathered abroad through his co-workers donation and some of his savings from his salary. We moved near to my father's mother house. Since then he got work and him tormenting me got lessen. And months passed my father and my mother gets back together. But whenever he got drunk they always fight, always. My mom resist all of his words even though it hurts her because maybe she knows she deserves it because she made a mistake. Then after 3 moths after my mom gives birth to a boy whose she give to adopt by her relatives, my dad got work abroad and flew again. And then our life gets back to normal again (Or just me convincing myself). And since we moved from our old house to new one i feel like i never experienced that feeling again. That feeling which i cannot explain. After years here i am... Something came up. Will continue my story later and the time i tried to rest forever. Sorry for my bad English. Sorry!