I don't like being alive. I want to though. Help?I want a girlfriend.

Typing that sentence alone make me tear up. My name is Luke. I'm 21. 

I was religiously indoctrinated. Religious family but I have renounced religion, to my family's disapproval. Whole other story.

Growing up I taught to essentially not to be too close of friends to those who aren't religious. So that meant NONE at school. Consequently, I spent hundreds upon hundreds of hours playing video games because I had no reason to interact with others. And I was also taught to essentially be asexual. I would bottle up and ignore any emotions or feelings I had about girls. I thought that that was virtuous and healthy. I would feel ashamed for wanting a girl friend.

When you are raised religious, you think that being sexually attracted at all is satan tempting you. Rather than just being human.

For a substantial portion of my teen years, I was resigned to a life of being single. A few bad experiences with girls early on in my late childhood made me come to the conclusion that God would not ever be together with someone. At least not while I am young and still learning things.

Then, at 17, a girl tried to talk to ME. This threw me for a loop like nothing else has ever. Even discovering Christianity was made up didn't top this.

It changed my entire perspective of life.

She cared about me. I too her. But she was not religious though, so it didn't feel right, eventually... the indoctrination kicked in so I broke things off...

This was the biggest mistake I have ever made in my short life.

It was 3 more painful years (in that time of which I deconverted and realized I broke things off for nothing) before I found another lady of which we sparked. She works in the department next to me in the supermarket I work at. SHE made me happier than I have ever been. Ever. She was always busy with work but she finally had time to go eat... our first date. Less than a year ago at the time of this post.

It was the best time of my life.

I loved talking to her and getting to know her. She was so pretty! I loved her voice even though she said she didn't like it. After we ate we went to my car. It was raining, so it was cold outside but I kept her warm inside my car. Those were particularly the BEST fifteen minutes of my short life. Well, about 15, we made out a little, then she said she had to go in not too long so I set a timer on my phone for 12 minutes. We kissed a lot. I loved holding her slightly thick waist tightly. She wore a somewhat lowcut shirt so I could taste the rain water on her tits. Then I rested my head on her shoulder. In the condensation on my front window, she drew a smiley face with it's tongue hanging out on the left side facing us. I sometimes still look to see if it might still be there. I cursed out loud when the timer went off. She agreed to one more long kiss before she left, she had to hum "no-no" into my mouth when I tried to get to passionate. Then I kept grabbing them just wanting to feel them before she left. She looked me in the eyes and said "They'll still be there." And she left. I was so delighted it was thrilling. I smiled the whole way home. We hung out at the mall a little a few times too. I loved being with her!

A few weeks later she dumped me.

A few weeks ago I found out she's dating another dude.

Every time I see her I feel weak with rejection. She refuses to look at me or acknowledge me. I wonder if our time together matters to her at all. It likely doesn't.

It kills me that the person who made me happier than anyone ever wants nothing to do with me.

Since then I have one-time dated 3 girls. All 3 this year alone. All rejected me.

I am absolutely FURIOUS that I was indoctrinated. I did not try to find connections at all in my early teens just because I was worried about what a god who wasn't there would think. Fuck Christianity.

Every time I feel alone it provokes my mind to delve into all the wasted time and missed possibilities.

I just want to put a gun in my mouth and put me out of my misery. Better yet...

I want a girlfriend! 

But that is just seeming less and less likely as time moves forward. And ending it seems all the more appealing.

I'm pathetic.