Just as my mood starts getting better, life got worse.Ever since late January I've been on a bit of a roller coaster emotionally. I'm either bipolar (the original theory put forward by my family doctor and one councilor) or I've got borderline personality disorder (another theory brought up by a psychiatrist) so it's not surprising I'm a little emotional unstable, at the same time it sort of is because I managed to stay -mostly- stable for a year straight. I thought I was out of the woods...

I don't really wanna go into detail about what was going on up until now, it's all in the past. I've just been massively depressed, meds haven't been working, and my thoughts and actions have been on the extreme... I did and said a bunch of things I regret, including a few suicide attempts. Most of it is because, I've got issues coping with stress, and I let myself get way too stressed over **everything.** Speaking of, excuse the dramatic presentation of this, it's one of the more harmless coping methods, and it's the only way I feel I can -accurately- describe what I'm feeling.

Within the past month it's felt like my mood has been getting a bit better. I can organize my thoughts, keep some of the negative thoughts down, and I've gotten better at cheering myself up out of lows (at least.) But right now, I just can't. Because while my mood is getting better, life is getting really stressful, and again, it's getting really hard to cope. On Victoria Day long weekend, my car was broken into attempted theft + theft of personal items. The damage done to the car trying to hot wire it caused the insurance company to total it, only offering me a $100 settlement. So I don't have a car. Over the past week, it's been raining like crazy here, and the basement at home flooded (again, it happened a couple months ago already, wasn't as bad though) nothing was damaged, but other then a tent in the back yard, I've got nowhere to sleep. Dealing with it wouldn't be so stressful if siblings (who live in the basement just as I do) would HELP, and if there weren't so many fights about it.

All that, and I'm still suffering numerous self-worth issues that have been plaguing me since... Forever, just been worse since October of last year. My 2 best friends have been going through family stress too, so it's hard to reach out to them without feeling TERRIBLE (what they're going through is arguably worse) and it's been hard to even hang out (that usually keeps me grounded.) One of them is a source of stress on her own too though. It's been kinda hard to cope, or to even try to relax anymore. My thoughts have been turning to harming myself again. I've already reached some lesser extremes (just disappearing on walks in the middle of the night, for instance), but now it's back to extreme suicidal thoughts, or just wanting to cut or strangle myself as a stress relief of sorts... Those are even harder to deal with when I realize, it's just an attention grab (like I always do), and again, self worth takes a hit. Although, what really pushes me over the edge are those little, completely unrelated thoughts, that somehow I stress out over more than what's actually going on and feeling worse.

I'm happy I'm working so much. My job is the only thing that feels GOOD in my life. I feel useful, responsible... Wanted. Even the stress from work is manageable compared to the rest of my life.

....I think I'm good for just unloading.