I'm depressed about my life, and I just hope this is the place where someone might actually care enough to listen. A little background, my name is Rebekah, I'm only seventeen, and I know these kinds of thoughts are common at my age, but I just need to talk about how I feel. 

My dad never really cared much for me when I was younger, he was mean to my mom, and he abused us to the point of starvation, so at a very young age my mom fed me only cheap foods- bread, mac and cheese, etc. So I actually became obese at a young age, making me subject of teasing and emotional and social insecurities, I am positive I have a terrible case of normopathy, and I was diagnosed BPD at a young age. When I was 12, because of my lacking of a caring father I latched onto a friend of my moms, and unfortunately that's where most of my troubles began- he took advantage of me and raped me. It was long term, because I was too young and ignorant to tell anyone because he told me he would kill me and himself if he told anyone. I became severely anorexic and lost weight- from 200lbs to 115lbs within 6 months. I became depressed at that point and began severely cutting myself, slicing arteries and somehow surviving through all of it and multiple attempts at hanging myself, huffing hairspray, breathing carbon monoxide, all of that, only in the seventh grade. By eighth grade I was basically a whore, I would do anything for any kind of positive attention from a boy, literally anything. I slept with every guy I was with, and guys I wasn't. By ninth grade I became extremely religious- it was a source of happiness and reason to live, but then I fell out of it slowly and became pregnant, at nine weeks I had a miscarriage. I sulked on with my life, doing terribly in school, having no relationship with my dad and little with my mom, but my mom's boyfriend and I became close, as a tl;dr, a year later he snapped and tried to burn my mom and I alive. He failed, as I protected my mother and got the cops involved, he's now in prison, and my mom became an alcoholic. 
She began abusing me, and eventually I called CPS, they put me in foster care, where I was nearly raped every weekend, and I was bullied and harassed by the boys and my foster parents in the home to the point where I came home from school every day and slept until the next morning, it became unbearable, and I couldn't do basic drugs to get  myself away from it because it was too easy to discover, so I did something I beg none of you ever do: I became addicted to duster. I huffed every day until I almost died, I'm not sure how I'm still alive. Every day, can after can I would steal from sneaking out of my window and going to the store and coming back and huffing. After months, and months of begging the court to put me back home, they did, and my mother hated me for it. I was 16 at that point, and I returned to school and tried to mend my relationship. I had only one friend, and she was my everything. My best friend was there with me through all of it. All she cared about though was the boy who fathered her  baby  that she aborted. But she turned crazy eventually, and he wanted nothing to do with her. I turned 17- an age I had been waiting for for years, a way to escape my mother, I ran away to my best friends house, and she made a terrible mistake on her part, she took me to the boy's house, (His name is Noah) and I slept with him that night. A terrible thing to do, I don't know why, I'm such a traitor, but for the first time in my life, I fell in love with him, I moved in with him, spending months and months away from my mom with no contact- breaking her heart in the process, and my father who finally recovered from what I learned to be a crack addiction wanted nothing more than a relationship- I turned both of them away and was with this boy, I loved him more than I loved myself, and then it happened, I became pregnant. I made a vow I would live for this baby, I had a purpose, I was young, but I would make life for this baby better than mine, and I miscarried. I came home on occasion, only to witness the heartbreak in my mother's eyes from what I did to her, and to find out she has skin and breast cancer, and constant voicemails from my heartbroken dad who is in his deathbed. 
I hurt so bad, I don't see a purpose to life, I have no future in my school, I'm failing too bad to hope to get a diploma, and at  the very least get into college, and my relationship with my parents is ruined, not like there was ever much there anyway. And if there was, I destroyed it. I feel like it's all my fault, and I don't know why I'm still alive.

Tl;dr- I hate my fucking life. 