I may set a date. I need to vent / rant.I hate office jobs to death. That's all I can get right now. I hate my 14-hour Friday shifts and the requirement to leave work at 10 at night, then getting back at it at 6 in the morning next day, on a weekend. I hate having to travel to other countries, or going to events that are meant for the sales force, just to "get to know them better". Or staff the company events because they're too cheap to hire actual staff. I hate my mind numbing tasks. I cannot change jobs anymore because I have been job hopping a lot during these months after I graduated University and had to leave a great job in research and academics (my contract was only for a year).

I want to study a Master's degree and become a scientist, but my country doesn't really invest or support science and my parents don't like the idea. They want me to study something that can secure me one of these mind numbing office jobs. I just KNOW I can't bear this anymore. But I'm afraid that they're right, and that I'll become poor, suffer more than now... And I'm terrified of being bored again even if I get a position as a researcher...

I feel physically ill all the time. After work, I just come home and lie on my bed until it's bedtime. I don't have the energy to clean my room. Many of my personal tasks have fallen behind. I want to make a band, but I can't even find the energy to change the chords of my guitar. I hate myself every day for being so useless. I don't know why I am so tired. Doctors can't figure it out. I just want to sleep. It is the only thing I look forward to each day. I want to sleep forever. 

My weekends are the same. I meet with my much older, smoker, tired, weary boyfriend and we just lie in bed, or we sit around in a bar drinking beers. I don't want to do anything else. Or go anywhere else. I just want to lie in bed.

My weight has been decreasing and I'm not even trying. I'm just too tired to eat, or I don't feel hungry at all.

Lately, I've having fevers and headaches all the time, but I'm going through a post exposure rabies vaccination process. Either way, this doesn't help.

I have driven all my friends away. I don't have the energy to talk to them. It's so fucking difficult to barely fulfill my responsibilities and taking time to text on top of that. Going out with them is even more difficult. I may regret it one day.

My parents are extremely passive agressive. That is what drives me closer to suicide. They just stop talking to me. My father doesn't ever say why. He just stops talking to me and I have to wait it out for some days until suddenly it's "normal" again. My mother tells me why, but she doesn't allow me to explain myself or to ask for forgiveness. She just cuts me off, and ignores me, and tells me she can't stand me, for whatever time she needs. That fucking kills me. I cannot talk to her. Right now she's not talking to me.

My boyfriend is sometimes abusive. He yells at me, tells me I'm childish, and basically destroys me with his words, but I am not allowed to explain myself or tell him he is wrong because he will become even more aggressive. I just have to wait it out.

And wait for him to calm down. 
Just like my parents.
And I'm mute, just taking it all in silence.
Because I surely deserve it.

They are the people I love the most. Perhaps the only ones. I don't want them to be upset at me. But no matter how hard I try, it is not enough. I'm not enough. I feel like a child that is being abandoned. So powerless. 

My favorite uncle is dying of leukemia at the hospital.

This is the summary. Many other things have happened in my life including sexual abuse... I feel guilty cause I feel i shouldn't really be complaining.

But I'm so tired. I'm living like I'm already dead. I don't understand why I'm so tired all the time.

If things aren't better on summer of 2019, i may kill myself.
Meanwhile, I will be researching the best methods. I'm thinking about getting my asthma out of control and finally provoking an attack.

I cannot go to any mental health professional because it is extremely expensive and those things are not covered by any insurance in my country.

Thank you if you read this far.

It was mostly a rant. I needed to vent.

