With knowledge comes depressionFood doesn't taste as good as it used to, funny how you start noticing small changes like that. I guess I should start with a little about myself, I'm a 24 year old college student in the last year of my degree program, failed numerous courses but passed quite a bit more. It has been a constant struggle to push forward it seems, some days are fine, yet others seem hellish by comparison.

You wake up, you try to get something done, you rationalize to yourself that it was worth doing, and the feelings you get from this are supposedly enough to keep you both motivated and moving forward. I wake up normally in this state of mind, but my mind feels as if it's an etch a sketch. I make progress and build myself up to a reasonable level, and then the next day it all resets.

The amount of pain one can cause to oneself is quite immense. We have the power to make the highs higher and the lows lower, our mind is a fascinating and wonderful piece of nature, it's just a shame when ones own mind turns against itself. When you wake up and you are constantly bombarded with negative thoughts which you cannot escape from, and thats all anything else feels like, like you're trying to escape from your own life. 

I do this by sleeping a lot, I feel comfortable when I can shut my brain off for those few hours, but it seems as if even my dreams are not of my own accord, like dreaming is a different entity entirely.

I grew up with the mentality that treating people with respect, bending over backwards to help people would get me places, and I could have a good girlfriend if I was polite, well mannered, and supportive... it seems I have grown up in a different era, that my overall maturity and level of respect is different from that of my peers.

I've never had a girlfriend, reddit and the rest of the internet continues to feed the notion that people who genuinely care for someone else are saps and destined to always be friend zoned, that my own personality and morale code of helping people more than myself is for suckers who don't want to get laid or have a meaningful relationship.

I took this news and realization very very hard. The more I aged the more I realize that women do not want a doormat, but at the same time I never felt as though I was a doormat, I was just trying to be polite and caring, but regardless of the situation women continue to say they are looking for good guys, but they don't want me. It's as if society has killed this notion of being genuine and caring, that it isn't worth it because people will trample over you regardless of how you feel.

So I sit here, a virgin at 24, with no intent on getting pussy to get pussy, crying my eyes out on a daily basis looking for a love that doesn't form. I tried dating sites, I tried friends, I tried going places, but getting shot down every-time or being labeled as crazy for not knowing what to do is very demoralizing.

I'm not going to commit suicide, because I am not that strong, I still have hope that there are women out there who respect my kind of mentality, but as days pass and as I get older, my youth fades, and my cynicism gains legitimacy.

A genuine lack of love is devastating, a lack of self worth is infuriating, and life as I know it is a struggle against all odds, some people seem to get lucky, and I wish my luck could follow suit.

Thank you for reading, and for all the help and support that you give to people in need, you truly are the heroes of our time.
