I am ready to forfeit this shit life.This gonna be a long one and I cant even tldr to be honest. This also gonna be the last topic I ever make on reddit. Depend on how I feel I may just hit the fuck this shit button and go meet my maker.

So where do I begin? Oh yeah God dealt me the shittest card anyone can ever get ever since I was born. My father was a cheater and divorced my mom twice. They didnt wanna do anything with me. My dad always behind on child support and je was suppose to visit me at least once a week but He only see me once a month and only for less than an hour every time. I grew up without a father figure and my mom worked two jobs and spent most days on stock market. She left me to my aunt who constantly let me drink cokes, and eat sugary stuff so I was diabeties at a very young age. I have rash growing up so my classmates always make fun of me and I was born with a big head so almost nobody wanna be friend with me.

I have this guy who pretended to be my best friend but ever since I shat myself during class couple times cause my aunt used to fed me spoiled food or undercook it so I have had bladder issue and my teacher hated me for no reason, so I kept having this embarrassing accident through out middle school. There was this one kid always out to get me, not only did he accuse me of stealing his pencils, pen or notebook and my teacher believed him every time and forced me to give up the school supplies that my mom bought me. He also stole this only girl that I used to have a crush on for several year knowing damn well that he is popular with every girls in the class but he only showed interest on my crush just to despise me. 

My mom was at my dad my entire life. She will always find any excuse to take out her anger on me. There was no time out or punish me by taking away TV times but instead she never buy me any present for my birthday or holiday. She always ise a metal coat hanger to beat the shit outta me, I will go to school the next day with bruises all over me, and my classmates just laughed at me some more when they saw it.

I met this girl through one of my friend about ten years ago. I fell in love at first sight and even tho I know at that time she got a bf already but I sticked around knowing that I am not her type and she forever gonna let me stuck in friendzone but i waited a long time and I helped her so much and be there for her through thick and thins even her other friends said that I acted like a way better boyfriend than her real bf who never done shit for her except beating her and stole money from her. Eventually she broke up with her shitty bf and she is white, I am Asian btw. She told me that she will give me a chance and date me if things dont work out between her and this new Asian guy that she is dating. So couple months went by, this other Asian guy commited suicide for some personal reason, she said she was too messed up to be dating anyone so soon, so I gave her some space but next thing you know I found out that she been dating and was in a long distance relationship with this Japanese guy she met on Japan cupid. She even had the audacity to tell me that she is getting engaged with him and planning to marry him within the same year, never give me the chance to date her and broke all her promises to me. So I cut her off and took me few years to completely get over her. Btw she took my virginity and was the first girl that did sexual stuff with me. I really thought she was the one.

So about four years ago I met this girl at a local strip club that I freqeuented, I started to get serious with her, she was a ex drug user and we were together and in a relationship after one year and thanks to her I got arrested for the first time in my life, and almost got a felony record for life. She threw me under the bus constantly, and I spent almost $10k on legal fees just to get my record expunged and the money I spent on her in just four years was ridiculous. I stole from my parent to help her out and always gone out of my way for her. I even got fired for the first time in my life because of her. I decided to get a better job with more money cause of her spending habit and I didnt wanna quit my old job cause my old co workers were fun to work with, my supervisors and manager were chill and always look out for me. Since last year she got on drug court and started to mess around and cheated on me and she failed her weekly drug test with her P.O and instead of facing the music. She now on the run and occasionlly she will hit me up for money or ask me to pay her phone bill. She wont even tell me her location, but knowing her past and since her parent and her sister wont help her with money, I wont be surprised that she is probably tricking and fuck and suck random guy daily just to put roof over her head. Its funny that at one point i helped her get two decent servers job and got her into college again to become a nurse, but she threw it all away just for some good times with shady ass people who only hang around her cause she was easy and always DTF. 

Now I am miserable and I still miss her daily even tho I shouldnt be. I work every night now with a bunch of people that sleep during the job and being a subtle racist toward me and try to embarrsed me every chance they get. I tried to butter up to my manager and let him hold my games for couple months and paid for his food but how did he treat me? He gave me shit for using the bathroom way too often cause I have a bladder problem and each time it was less than 10 mins and i only use restroom like every two hours or so. Whenever he make the schedule, he always being unfair toward me and always gives me shitty assignment. While everyone else always got it easy and they never done any nice things for him.

Life is just so unfair, whenever I tried to approach any girls that I have interest on, they always gave me the cold shoulder or brush me off without giving me a chance at all. I was told that i am not ugly, 6'1 and 175 lbs i am in pretty good shape but still never have any luck meeting any decent girls. The only girls that ever gave me the time of the days are either use me for ride or money, thats all I am good for.

I go to sleep and always pray that I dont wake up. I failed at suicide twice already. My parent wished that i have never been born. I have no friends and every day is a drag for me. I really have nothing to live for and death is probably the only thing I look forward to. 