Is this note good enough? Just need an opinion, no sympathy or attempts to stop meI know I was never enough to anyone, though I really did try. It seemed like no matter what I did I just continually fucked up, and I could never make anyone proud or love me. I was always just a disappointment for everyone I met.

I was a terrible father, I tried but I just didn't know how. I wanted to be different from what I felt like when I was a child and what I swore I would never be to my kids, but in the end I just perpetuated the same feelings of inadequacy and pain that I felt.

I had XXXXXXXXXXX, who is the most amazing and special person ever and I wasted every second of it. Knowing he'll always hate me for it hurts more than you can know. Luckily he turned out amazing at no influence of my own. I can only hope that he won't "carry the torch" so to speak as he has so much more to offer this world.

Then XXXXXXXX came into my life, another truly unique and incredible person, and I felt like I had a second chance to possibly have a child that didn't hate me and look at me with resentment. Sadly as the disappointment I am I just squandered that chance once again. Like XXXXXXXXX once was, she's too young to realize how poor of a parent and person I was and am. He grew up to understand it and she will one day too.

I like to act like my mistakes led me to all this, but really at the end of the day I'm just a failure of a person. An empty shell of what someone should be. I'll never be anyone and I'll never be really loved by anyone, just kind of tolerated. I hate myself, and I know that no one I meet could possibly love me. I'm a black hole of nothingness, I lead nowhere good. 

The best thing I can do for anyone in this world is cease to exist. I cause nothing but pain and suffering in my wake. At least when I'm gone that pain will eventually fade for everyone around me and like I deserve I'll be forgotten entirely.

I'm sorry to all of you, I really tried and wanted to be a good person. I just didn't know how, and failed at every attempt to change. Maybe the old adage is true that you can't teach an old dog new tricks, however with me I could simply not ever learn any tricks. 

I was a failure as a child and a failure as an adult. All I ever wanted was to be better and to do better. Over and over again I was just not enough, not worth anything, a speck of insignificance.

Why any creator would put someone on a path such as this boggles my mind, though maybe if I hadn't have been such a piece of garbage I could have graduated past a piece of garbage.

I'll never do anything but hurt you and disappoint you, and the best thing you can do for you life is forget me. I'm sure that will be easier than you can possibly imagine.

I'm sorry I couldn't be more, and I'm sorry I failed you over and over. I really wanted to make you proud of me. I'm worthless and will disappear as quickly as I came. Don't feel bad, you can't save what isn't worth saving. I wasn't worth your time or energy, I was always a lost cause. It's better to burn out than to fade away, and I'll do both because I was never lit in the first place. I hope you all carry forward to feel fulfilled and happy and loved, that's all I wanted and always will want. 

The world will be a better place without someone as flawed as me. I wish I could have been more than I am.

Love,
XXXXXXXX