I’m out of time to get better.At the beginning of June I was admitted to the hospital with suicidal thoughts, severe depression and anxiety. I came back to work after a week and a half and have missed several more days of work sense then. I’m now out of vacation/sick time and management is upset with me.  

This morning my depression is at an all-time high and all I can think about is how I am out of time to get better.   

Things have gone downhill. Today I withdrew from my classes (something I’ve never done before) and most of my assignments at work got reassigned to others because I was taking too long to complete them due to the excessive absences. People are upset over having to pick up the slack for me and I’ve never been able to handle others being angry with me.  

This kind of things has happened to me many times before. I’ve been diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder and have been on so many more medications over the years than I care to remember. I’ll go for years feeling healthy then, without warning, I crash and burn.  

This time I can’t seem to pull myself out of this terrible rut. I’ve run out of my as needed anxiety meds a week early because I took them more than I should have. I can’t get any work done at the office because I’m too busy crying and wondering if I have enough pills to put me to sleep so that I’ll never wake up.  

My boyfriend wants to take me back to the hospital but that won’t do any good. I can’t miss more work and people are fed up with me because I’ve had more than enough time to get better.  

I’m not better though. And I have no one that I can go to for help. My boyfriend has too many other concerns and I would just needlessly worry my family who aren’t really doing any better than I am.  

I’m worried that if I took every single pill in my possession, it still might not be enough. And I wouldn’t want to live through it. I have no access to a gun. I feel so low and I don’t see how anything will ever get better. I will always be unstable. Always just barely able to take care of myself.  

If I was gone, my boyfriend could find someone better. They could find someone else to do a better job at the office. I wouldn’t bring everyone down any more. And I wouldn’t hurt any more. I have nothing left to offer the world.  

But I don’t know if I have enough pills. I don’t want to wake up back in the hospital.