i dunno i'm just really tiredeverything is too hard now
people want too much from me, they all want me to love them and fix them, but none of them want to acknowledge that I'm also a very broken person. And it just makes me feel very, very, very alone. 

Nobody thinks of me as an actual person, I'm just a means to an end for them. I'm just something for them to fuck, or use as some weird plaything to make them feel better until they get sick of me. And I hate myself, because I let them do that to me. I let this one asshole fuck me, and do things with me that I hate, just because I need the attention so badly, I just want one half hour where someone pays attention to me and only me and makes me feel like I matter for that tiny little window of time. So I'll let him make me hate myself just so I have that gap of not-lonely. I dunno, it's all the same stupid self-loathing bullshit. 

I just hate it. I hate never feeling like an actual person. I hate being a prop in everyone else's life. I relapsed today, but I don't know if it counts as a relapse since it'd only been like a week since the last time I cut. But I don't know, it felt like another failure. 

It's whatever. I'm just tired, and sick of pretending like I'm not. I'm sad, and I hate myself, and I spent 90% of the time just chanting "I wish I was dead, I wish I was dead, I'm going to kill myself, I wish I was dead" over and over in my head while I pretend to exist and it's exhausting. I hate it, I hate myself, I hate everyone who treats me like some weird object they can use for their own benefit. 

I'm kind of drunk, and I took my sleeping pills a little bit ago, so I don't know. I'm drunk and fucked up and lonely and I think I'm going to be alone forever because no one can give me the kind of thing I need. Everyone wants too much from me. They all want the parts I can't give them, and no one wants what I actually have to offer, so I just feel useless. I wish I was just not, mostly. Just anything else. Like I could vanish, and just dissolve and wake up in a new body, with a new life, with this one tucked away like a secret. Everything feels so empty.