Breaking pointSo here goes...

I'm here, I guess, because I want to end my life, I've had enough of it, I've been through so much and I can't seem to face the future. I can't see it getting better, I tried to believe in karma and nothing good is happening to me. I believe I don't deserve anything good, and I believe it would be better off if I just wasn't around. 

I'll give you a quick run-through of everything and why I'm at the point I am. 

Prior to being born.. Father abandoned my mother when she told him she was pregnant with me. For 24 years (before I moved out) I grew up 2 doors down from his parents - my paternal grandparents- house and they've never looked in my direction, never spoke to me, never acknowledged me on any achievements that were in the local press, asked to be served by a different person when they came into the shop I worked in when I was a teenager.. And just treated like the black sheep in the little village I grew up in for just being born.

Ages 11-12 - sexually abused by a family 'friend' regularly for around 12 months My family don't know about this, only a couple of people who I trusted. But it still sickens me to this day. I still see him sometimes and he looks at me like I'm the one in the wrong. 

 Ages 19-21. First serious relationship. We broke up because she couldn't fall in love with me, despite her saying that I was probably the best person she'd had the pleasure of seeing. I was in love, but it didn't take me too long to find someone else.

22-24
The second serious relationship. She said she loved me but she constantly cheated on me. Needless to say I was broken

Ages 25-30
Third and last serious relationship. Now we were in love with each other at one point, but 2 years ago things just stopped, I slowly started to realise she didn't want me anymore, and after being diagnosed with MS, she stayed with me out of guilt. After a while, I realised I wasn't in love with her anymore, and quickly realised she felt the same. One night I got extremely drunk and kissed someone else. The guilt consumed me, I had to tell my (then) current girlfriend.. I shouldn't have kissed someone else, I shouldn't, but after feeling unwanted for so long, I was being incredibly selfish. 
My girlfriend and I then had the discussion about us, we admitted that the love had gone and agreed to split up. She admitted that she too had kissed other girls during the past 18 months of our relationship. However, I still had to live there in the same house as her, and in two weeks I'll be moving in to somewhere new after 6 months of sleeping on the sofa, because of the the rent and a dog we have together. 

The past 6 months have been the worst. My ex-gf has basically made everyone hate me because of my actions. She's been posting updates on Facebook about how much I've hurt her. I didn't mean to. I really didn't. But I've been quiet on social media. 

Then 3 months ago, the most beautiful, smart, funniest girl I have ever met took an interest in me. We went on three dates and I fell for her like nobody else I've fallen for. She, however is currently going through a divorce and realised that she just wasn't ready and didn't want to mess me about so she cooled things off. I was crushed. I then ruined things further by texting her a few weeks back when I was drunk, saying she deserves the best and that's not me, and I haven't heard anything back since, despite apologising for my drunk texts and asking how she was a couple weeks after. 

I've now taken on a project at work which is reporting back to senior management about productivity levels amongst staff. The staff are underperforming and I'm the one reporting back on this, they now think I'm dirt, and I'm extremely alienated at work.

I'm alienated at work, at home, with my old friends, I've never felt so isolated. 

I'm nobody's priority. I don't deserve anyone's attention, and I want to stop the pain and darkness by doing something. 

I've never intentionally hurt anyone, I donate a lot to charity, as soon as anyone is upset, I offer my ear or a shoulder. 

My mother worries about me because of me having MS, but I'm fine in that regards, mentally I'm not. 

I've been through too much in the past 31 years. I can't see things getting better, I can't see my gaining any new friends locally and as for a new relationship. Why would anyone want to be with me? 

I'm at breaking point. I wish I was good enough to be someone's priority. I wish I was someone else. I don't want to be me and I don't want to live anymore.