Things should be better, but I want to end itTldr; I am a fit, tall, intelligent dude from the midwest with a wife and loving family; but I just can’t shake the creeping thoughts of wanting to hang myself every day in our apartment.

I graduated college late with a less than stellar gpa due to switching schools and majors midway through a tech track, and ended up with a general degree that employers won’t even look at. I’ve been unemployed from my last job for about three months which was a warehouse position with a coffee roaster, in which I got let go due to performance.

Since then, I’ve sent massive amounts (&gt;150 per month) of applications out to various postings and have had one interview in the beginning of my unemployment. I have never not been without job opportunities.

I’ve stopped enjoying everything that used to help me relax or make me feel empowered, I haven’t gone to the gym more than once a week and none last week. This has led to my wife and I not having any intimate relations in the past couple of months, and I feel completely out of sync with her on everything going on.

My family is loving, but my mom is going to die soon. She has four different types of cancer, MS, and onset heart failure, and I can’t do anything to help her. I visit, but since the last episode of cardiac arrest in which she suffered prolonged oxygen depletion, she doesn’t recognize me.

I should feel like there’s hope, I just don’t or can’t. I have a degree, I’m abled bodied, I can (somewhat) string together cohesive thoughts, but I’m so disillusioned by life I don’t see a point in being here. I’m holding my wife back from living life, and wasting the time of everyone around me who’s invested in me succeeding and feeling something.
I feel like I’m displacing opportunities for those around me to find happiness, where they’re wasted on me.

I feel selfish for wanting to go, because there are so many of you who have it way worse than me. You have had brutalities enacted on you that don’t have an expression for how bad they are.