Click here for some boring life storyI'll be 22 next month. Dying young and fugly sounds right up my alley!

I've been ridiculously depressed/suicidal since I was 9. I remember wishing I'd wake up as a boy, but I hid my thoughts and feelings from everybody. I mainly wanted to be male for life's opportunities. I wanted to join the army, be a mechanical engineer, a construction worker, an auto detailer, work in the oil industry, as a welder, almost every virtually unattainable job for someone like me. I don't want to fight for acceptance and prove myself, as well as probably deal with sexual harassment. I just wanted to be "one of the guys". But I can't. Ever.

I've been deeply fascinated with the military since I was a kid, as well as cars and guns. My mom says I'm an old soul/been here before. Maybe my soul was thrown into this useless husk by accident? Hahaha

My life currently revolves around my Challenger. I've felt rather masculine all my life, and I believe that's why I've never had a proper boyfriend. Maybe it's because I'm black and 5'10 too, who knows. I have mostly guy friends and simply cannot click with most women, tbh I don't really like them. I've tried becoming friends with lots of girls who like cars as much as I do (online groups/forums), and they just blow me off. Car guys respect me and I've made several lasting friendships with them.  

Everyone I know describes me as happy, full of life and so nice/kind. If only they knew of my plans to buy that s&amp;w revolver I'd been wanting for over a decade. 

I'm terrible at math. Even if I wanted to be one of those trailblazers in the STEM/trades fields, I'm literally incapable of doing so. I've tried filling in the gaps on my math skills, but it's just too much to catch up on. I've never set foot in college, because I know it would be a waste of money and time with my shitty skills. I've been working since high school graduation, being the breadwinner for my mom and grandma.

My mom uses me as her shoulder to cry on and depend upon. I can't do that with her. She always gets mad and makes it all about herself. She guilt trips me about wanting to try alcohol (she doesn't know that I keep a stash of a variety of mini bottles in my room), but has no problem probing me for cash to buy her cartons of cigs (not cheap...)

There's so much more, but I'm tired of trying to sneak type this at work. I'm just not happy. I hate my body and my mind. Just one bullet to the head will end everything. 