A bit worried...I never actually dwelt on the prospect of suicide until two weeks ago. It's been on and off and in my mind and I've tried to set it aside, but it keeps coming back. About two weeks back I was driving to work, thinking about life in general. Then as I imagined ending all of it for good, a peace washed over me and I felt incredibly soothed. It was also scary in that I never actually took legitimate joy to imagine ending my life until that car ride. My ongoing fantasy has involved smoking a huge blunt, blasting my favorite album, shutting a garage door and leaving the car on. It's fucked up but I can't seem to shake it.

I realized today I wasn't made for this world. I've always had my head in the clouds and perhaps that was all foreshadowing. I take much more joy being in the dreamworld than I do in reality. This past year, motivating myself to wake up and get out of bed has been a challenge. At first I passed it off as lack of sleep but I began to realize that on nights when I got plenty of sleep it would be the same. 

Just this last week I've begun to realize that I'm becoming hooked on dreaming. I've shut off my alarm and have almost missed class multiple times because I was enjoying my dreams so much I wanted to go back. Now I realized I'm beginning to desire to stay there permanently.

I have no strong bonds with anyone except my family. I moved to a new city a month and a half ago in hopes for a fresh beginning but as I try to make friends, attraction and become accepted, I find I've been getting the same results that I've experienced my entire life.

I have had anxiety my entire life as well as having been raised in an incredibly immersive and extremely conservative religious community. I developed an very passive personality growing up as a result of my over-aggressive, emotionally abusive bi-polar father which led to a divorce when I was 9. I was always an easy target for other people because of how quiet I was and when I did try to be clever or funny it came out even weirder. I was also made to feel guilty about my sexual feelings growing up as a teen. 

At 12 I discovered pornography on the family computer for the first time and I remember uncontrollably shaking as I fell asleep that night, scared to death as to what my struggling single mother would do if she knew her son was into it. Two years later, I decided to give this religion a real try and was guilted into confessing my major "sin" to our congregational leader. My mother caught on and broke down the moment she put 2 and 2 together. She didn't trust me after that and treated me like I had an addictive disease. She sent me to church-sponsored therapy to "cure" me so I'd be worthy enough to go on a mission. From the age of 14 to 16, I believed everything the church was telling me and beat myself up whenever I "relapsed". At 17, I began to realize there was something wrong with the church and its insanely fucked up history and not me (hell while other dudes my age were getting girls pregnant I was safely enjoying eye candy on a monitor). I stopped going for good at 18 which created further distance between my devout mother and I that took years to repair. I was never close to my father, so this rift that the church had created took a negative toll.

I participated in the theatre program at my high school when I was 17 and it opened my world. I began to meet different people from different backgrounds. Shortly after joining I met Her. She and I hit it off immediately and it was the greatest two weeks of my life. This may sound pathetic but even to this day, 7 years later, my short time with Her was the highlight of my existence. I've never felt anywhere near as passionate before or after. She left me instantly for another dude 2-3 weeks later but still led me on the rest of the school year, pressing harder when other women showed interest in me. I ignored her senior year in an attempt to sever my feelings for her but when she came back to visit for the summers, my feelings returned instantly. No matter how much I'd tell myself how bad she was for me, the moment she came to visit me all of my reason melted away. Two summers ago, she really led me on (regardless of having a boyfriend back in her college city) and yet when the moment would build up to kissing she'd refuse. I realized as she returned for the school year that I was her emotional substitute for her absent boyfriend. I've severed all connections since, but still being with her that first time was the happiest period of time in my entire life. 

I think about my time with Her and I ask myself, what kind of fucked up reality gives me a little less than a month of true bliss against 23 years of an unstable, bleak, anxiety-ridden shitstorm? She seemed to be the only person who thought my awkwardness was cute while most women before and today see me as weak and undesirable. 

I also have to deal with huge ass cold sores on my face half of the year (since I was a little kid this has always been a problem). Just yesterday a huge one sprouted outside my lip. Usually I can hide them easily if they show up on the inside of my lip but as if I couldn't become anymore undesirable I now have a disgusting festering cold sore right there for the world to see that'll last around 2 weeks. 

Shit keeps piling up. My new roommate and his girlfriend are immature little shits who act like everything is okay in person and proceed to nitpick and talk mega shit about me through our paper-thin walls and outside my door when they think I'm asleep. He's this "alpha" Bo Burnham wannabe with a shitty sounding falsetto that only young teenagers would eat like candy and since I'm not as "cool" as him, I'm this creepy shitty roommate. I lived out all my party years the previous city so maybe its the contrast of lifestyles (he's 4 years younger, still in rager mode) that fuels his misgivings. I've diplomatically approached him multiple times and told him if he had any sort of problems with me I'd like to know about it and his only response is "Sure, sure! You're a chill, open dude! We were just talking about that." 

My new coworkers also don't like me because I'm too quiet. My life isn't interesting so what's there for me to share? I'd rather stay quiet and not say anything stupid. I feel I live in a world where introversion is heavily and unfairly stigmatized. 

My older brother (successful in every single way I'm not), whose shadow I've lived under my whole life, keeps telling me I have charisma and that I should use it. Only a half-truth I've discovered. It's anxious charisma that I have and once I stop "thinking about" my anxiety and "be myself" I end up saying really stupid shit and go back to being quiet again. 

I understand the principle of confidence, but why the fuck should I be confident in my anxious, awkward personality? I'll only end up saying stupid shit out loud that I'd rather keep to myself. A roommate's friend in my last city once made a point during a general conversation that nobody can truly change. I felt a huge wave of depression when I heard that. 

Suicide seems appealing to me because I feel I've already set my personality in stone. How does one destroy the self and build from the ground up? I feel no matter how hard I try (and I have made legitimate attempts such as therapy earlier this year) I can't shake the anxiety and awkardness that has plagued me since I was a little kid. 

The dreamworld has always welcomed me. In fact the only bad dreams I have are the ones that incorporate my reality the most, seeing the uncomfortable looks of women who've rejected me and bullies who've condescendingly trampled on me, the inner voice of anxiety personified.

A few nights ago I dreamt I was sitting in a circle of chairs. Everyone in this circle was happy and welcoming. A woman sitting to my right leaned over took both of my hands and held them intimately. I could feel the warmth of her touch and her love until a sound outside my apartment woke me up. As I opened my eyes, I felt the warmth disappear from my hands. 

In the end I feel like I stay alive just to keep my family happy. They've all been through a lot and I'd hate to put them through more (although I do enjoy the prospect of sticking it to my dad, who made me miserable for so long), but I can't shake the feeling to going to the dreamworld permanently. I legitimately feel like I belong there and that this reality has failed me. 

I'd like advice, I'm scared about these soothing yet disturbing thoughts about ending it all...

___________________

EDIT: Doing much better. I made an appointment with a counselor at my school for tomorrow morning so hopefully that'll help set me on a better path. Also talked to my older brother and told him how I felt (minus the suicide part) and he had many good points to share. 

Much of my self-hatred comes from expecting too many results too soon as opposed to seeing this stage of my young adult life as a process. I need to be proud of the process of my overall self-improvement and career aspirations and the results will come in time. He was proud that I recognized/admitted on my own I had a problem as well as taking the steps to setting up a meeting with a counselor (our father is still plagued by issues from his years growing up and it has had a very negative affect for years because he refused to deal with it properly). After talking to him my day at work was much better, regardless of the workday itself being way more stressful than yesterday before I posted this topic.

Although I feel very comfortable openly sharing my problems with my brother, I felt it would have been too extreme to mention the suicide bit so I'm glad I could vent on this very specific forum. 

Thanks to everyone who posted for your perspectives and advice. 