M14...I have a lot of problems and just wanted to get this off my chest.

I fear social interactions. I feel a literal pressure on my bidy, when being around people i dont know well. Its so severe, that i cant speak out loud in school or i cant go out anymore. If i am forced to speak in those situations, i stutter and cant put together proper sentences.

I also havent been happy in over a year and i have no motivation. It started at a young age. I had a girl-friend in 1st and 2nd grade i was really close with. She had cancer and eventually died in 2nd grade. It wasnt much better after that. I was almost bullied to suicide in 3rd grade. 4-6 classmates would come up to me and push me to the ground, hurt me and verbally abuse me.

My mother was  an alcoholic and tried to kill herself in 2017. She is now sober.
Both of my grandparents on my mothers side died.

I cant open up to anyone. I have 2 "friends", but they are never there for me and if they have to choose between me and anybody else they never choose me. One of my friends is my dealer and i get vyvanse( a kind of amphetamine) from him, to cope with my problems. The drug makes me feel happy and when im only happy when i take the drug. Im also addicted to caffeine pills. I take them to get some motivation back. My dealer constantly dumps me and wont give me the drug even tho i already paid him.

I have a horrible body, i have genetic diabetes, my foot are at a wrong angle and i need to be operated and my eyesight is bad.

I tried going to a therapist, but i just could talk. I was in a state of fear. I cant tell anyone about my emotions, except online. I have no one i cant open up about and let it out. I wish i have someones shoulder to cry on.

I was just recently thinking of killing myself again and i was really close to doing it, but i just wanted to live the rest of my summer vacation.

I dont know what to do anymore. I get no more fun or enjoyment out of anything. Its hard for me to get out of bed, because of the lack of motivation.

No one besides my family likes me.
Only my family would come to my family and actually care if i killed myself.

When i lost my grandparents and my friend, I didn't shed a single tear. I wasnt sad. It wasnt shock either because im 14 now and i still feel no sadness when people die. I also have very questionable morals and im currently searching for a painless and quick suicide method. Im not scared of death. Im an atheist and i believe that there is nothing after death.