Hi, I don't know where esle to go...I just want someone to listen to my story and don't know where else to go. So here I go (long text):

About half a year ago I lost faith in myself, my perspective of life changed completely that time. I felt like, while everyone around me had found their purpose in their life, I lost track of it. It was the last year of high-school and I got into a class with none of my friends I had back then and didn't bother to speak to any of those unknown to me, since they bullied me at first sight, for my first name, which means literally "GodLovely" in english and isolated myself. I'd describe myself as naive, silent, hard to communicate with I guess and short, while not being any good-looking, sporty, or clever. I didn't excel in any catogories in class, while being easily one of the worst in many of'em and felt like I wasted all my time with doing nothing meaningful. 
I thought, when I try my fullest to be the best at least here and there, I might feel a bit more confident, but others simply copied others and got way better results, with next to no effort and I got discouraged by many other reasons aswell. I lost the motivation and got more timid, I locked myself in the toilets in free time and didn't bother with my homework at all. Back then my brother had trouble finding a job and my parents were about to divorce, so I felt pressure to actually perform well in school again, but I just lost more confidence in myself. I rarely attended classes at all and got frustrated easily. That was when I packed 1000€ and ran away from home, with leaving a suicid-letter behind. I carefully spent the money since I felt guilty. I stole clothes to feel fresh and a bike to keep moving and slept in a library with comfortable chairs at day-time. I read books and thought about suicide, but I would never bring myself to do it. After 5 days, I got captured by the police and my parents brought me home.
This is where I felt a little happy inside of me for a long time, but only for short. I got a lot of attention from my parents and my teachers at school. Later on I got the privilege to take missed exams, all the time I skipped classes (so a lot) was ignored completely and I even barely made the finals to attend college, without any effort or preparations.

But since then I feel like when anyone is looking at me, they'd ask themselves "What's wrong with this guy?" my teachers, my friends, ALL the other pupils at my high-school and even the people in my village. I lost contact to my old friends and couldn't find any new ones since then. Right now I attend college, just for the sake of doing something / I'm not attending classes.
My brother is just doing fine now, so are my parents, while they're thinking so am I at college and with my life... 
I got more and more lazy and am completely aimless now. For most of the time I just sit somewhere thinking about literally nothing, how useless I am and asking myself am I that different from others. I understood it's wrong to kill myself since my parents would be too heartbroken and other people would at least somewhat think bad of'em no matter what. Still I have the urge and dream a lot of simply killing myself, since that's the only option besides living.

So basically nothing changed at all and it just got worse. I have no friends to hang out with anymore, my family is just doing fine without me and I'd die out of guilt facing them after all they have done and went through just because of me. I'd rather just end everything while not. I think myself of a complete failure of a human being and I don't see myself in the future doing anything meaningful or remotely different than right now and I honestly don't want keep on going.


