I keep thinking that I want to die, but I know I shouldn't.I have people who love me, and people who I love. I have a long distance boyfriend who I look very much forward to meeting in probably two years. It's quite a while, but for a suicidal person, having something to look forward to is good, isn't it? There's also an event in May I look very much forward too as well. Also, next month, new season of a tv show I like a lot. See, I have things to look forward to, I have things that makes me happy. Like my cats, gaming, music. Still I keep thinking about wanting to die. I don't want to leave my boyfriend or my family behind, so deep inside me I don't want to die at all. It's especially when people ask me what I want to do with life, when am I gonna stop gaming all night, what will you work with, why did you drop out of school and what will you do now. All kinds of questions. I dropped out of school recently because it was difficult as hell to go there and I gave up. It's my second time dropping out, now I have given up. At least here in Norway I know I won't end up on the street, we always get money to survive and a place to stay even if we're unable to afford it ourselves. That's what I've learnt at least. I have no idea what to work with, I can't handle anything. I hate humans and I hate most things, and then I hate myself for hating all of it and I can't stop myself from it either. I enjoy sitting up all night and gaming while I talk to my teammates on skype. I enjoy being at home and just chilling with my computer and my cats. I know very well I can't just do this my whole life, no need to tell me what I already know. But whenever I get asked those questions I mentioned over, or I just end up thinking about them, all these suicidal thoughts come. I know that I won't live until I get old unless I get help for this, lots of help. I went to therapy once before, lived in a clinic for depressed/anxious/self harming/suicidal etc people. I applied to move into one again to get help, I went to get help by my own will, because I am afraid that I might end up killing myself when I'm at my worst, because I tend to forget everything positive and it might go wrong.
Am I really stupid for this? Do I deserve to die? I feel like I do because I am so filled with negativity. Is there any self-help methods I can do at least until I get to hear from the clinic I applied to? What if I don't get to move into there? I am very bad at telling people exactly how I feel and I make it sound like it's not as bad as I feel inside me, and the doctor who wrote the application for me was Danish so it was a bit difficult to communicate too. If I don't get in, I don't even know what to do. I am just afraid to kill myself, because I don't want to leave people behind me, hurt because of their loss. That's my main reason to stay alive. Even tho I know I'm loved by some, I still have so bad self confidence... I can't do this life anymore, help me..