An ear to listen, or eyes to readI'm not looking for sympathy, nor is this a woe is me situation, (I am throwing one hell of a pity party for myself though) I just want someone to know about me. Call it a cry for help.

I started with nothing. I had an abusive father, who loved to beat his wife and kids. When I was old enough, I figured out that, when he got home, if I antagonized him, he would focus on me instead of my mom or my sisters. Being the only boy, I thought it my duty (sexist i know, but I was six, cut me some slack). After they spilt, I ended up in Iowa. not bad, but it didn't feel like home. After going to therapy to deal with all that garbage, I realized it wasn't my fault. Stronger for it, high school breezed by. College was pretty great, too. I took a few years off to figure life out, and met a girl, call her Ann. I was with her for about 7 years, and thought she was the one. Three days before proposing, I found out she was cheating on me. Ann subsequently emptied our joint account and ran off with someone I thought was my friend.

During the time with Ann, I finished college, I started a landscaping company, and things were great. After she left, it was hard, but never once did i think I would end it. I rebuilt from scratch, and moved to a new state after selling off my first company. Newly planted in arid climes, I worked my ass off to start another company. After I gained enough clients to lead a comfortable life and employ some friends, I thought things would work out. Met a few women, but none really had any staying power, which was fine.I got to hike everyday, had mountains in my backyard, good friends. I was really planting roots. Being an eternal optimist helped. 

Eight months ago, I get a phone call. My grandpa isn't going to make the week, get back here. So I dropped everything and left. After getting back 'home', I did all I could to make sure everything was taken care of. Paying off all of the medical debt my grandparents now had (all my savings) and looking after my mentally disabled uncle so my grandmother could spend time with grandpa. He started to recover ,thankfully. but now here i was, back in Iowa, broke again. I didn't want to leave the state, because my family needed my help. So i got a stop gap job, started to rebuild, meanwhile, my business partner told me that things were starting to roll downhill. For legal reasons, I removed myself from the company. Now i was truly destitute. no problem been here before.

 after about 4 months, I moved to a different part of the state. Wanted to stay close but couldn't be in the same city. Got a job welding and things were good. the new city and job was great and things were looking up again. I meet a girl, call her Deborah, and she was the whole package. I really clicked instantly with her. It was like something I had never experienced. Bliss is the only word for it, i was okay with the rest of my life because she was in it. then about two months later. I got caught with a bag of marijuana, put on probation. not the end of the world. now i was truly stuck in Iowa, but it didn't matter because I had an okay job, I good woman, and a roof over my head. 
Two weeks later, I get fired from my job, because I had to miss work for court. two weeks after that, I told my parents everything. I mean everything. the fact that i was homeless without them knowing for months, the fact that i used to grow pot. I had been audited because of it, everything. My mom didn't even look at me when I left. both sets of grandparents disowned me, and I haven't spoken to a family member since. I gave them everything, and when I needed them,they left me alone. 
about a week after that,two days after my birthday Deborah broke up with me. 

She told me "I want a husband." 

Those words cut so fucking deep, because that meant I wasn't husband material. But then I realized, I wasn't. unemplyed, broke, and depressed. No one wants that. I can't blame her or get mad at her for feeling a certain way. 
Fast forward to today. I went out to play a game of pinball and have a beer, and saw her. we talked, played a few games of chess, and had a great time. then she started telling me about the new guy she is seeing. I stopped her, because, while I am happy for her, she still means a lot to me and I don't need to hear about that.
 On my drive home I was smoking my pipe and my reality became crystal clear. I would have to start over again. I am trapped in a state whose topography isn't conducive to my happiness. without friends, save one. unable to even get a little high. I just don't have the energy to build another company from nothing. putting in the hours of literally back breaking labor. I haven't found a job in almost a month and a half, I have no idea how I'm going to pay rent. I have about two weeks of food. No gas money. 
This all got me thinking of humanity as a whole. It is discouraging. Not going to jump down that tangent-y rabbit hole, but thoughts of violence towards the status quo seems fruitless.  the entire experience of the evening has just left me tired, and hopeless. I hope tomorrow brings a ray of hope, but that .45 sleep seems more appealing daily. I don't need comments or anything. I just hope someone reads this and thinks of me. 

TL;DR
I lost everything in 9 months and can't find a reason to continue this exsistence