My mom always tells me that i am a disappointment and uselessI am a 20 year old female living in india. My mom from my chidhood always compares me with my friends and relatives and always says how ugly i look. I have low self esteem and low confidence from my childhood and no matter how many times i build my confidence and self esteem, she always break me down and pushes me to depression again. I am always trying to be optimistic but most of the time it's not working. I have no fear of public speaking before but i feel too insecure now a days and i am scared to even go out of my house. I have a habit of comparing myself to others i don't know how to stop it.
 
I am a very average student in education.when i finished my higher education(i was so naive and stupid), i wanted to take nutrition and dietitics course but she blacked mailed me and made me choose biotechnology and now i can't even shift my career. It really makes me feel low. Recently i failed in my entrance for post graduation(believe me she always don't let me study in home, she always disturbs me and makes sure i am not studying) and made some mistakes in joining another college, so i took a year break. I got hypothyroidism(i got it because of my excessive stress and depression) (i always study while she is sleeping at night)  which made me gain some weight and she calls me fat now and seborrhic dermatitis because of this my hair looks bad and she mocks me for that too. But when i confront her saying this, she tells me she loves me(does she really love me?).  I don't have any friends too and i have serious trust issues because of my childhood sexual abuse by a person i called brother near my house. I overcame depression caused by that by alone but now a days it's so hard and i feel too impure and ugly.

She considers me as burden and asks me get married and go away(arrange marraige) but i don't want to marry. I even tried to commit suicide at one point but something made me stop, then i realized i am a coward in dying too. 

My father is good to me but i don't think he is good to my mother in their days of early marraige but now he is fine , the only reason i live is him but i can't share these things with him, i am scared he will end up hating me. I am sure i won't share these with my dad because my moom is rude to my dad too and i know their marraige is a failure. Both of them don't like each other, but for the sake of society they are staying together.

I just don't know how to end my life, it's hell everyday. Moving out is not possible in my country. Did anyone experienced situation like mine and fortunately overcome it? Please help me. 