ImminentSo, here's my story. I'll keep it brief.

Arkansas is a very difficult place to find someone who is intelligent, liberal, and beautiful. Luckily I went to a college that bred that sort of thing. I graduated from there a year and a half ago, but 9 months ago, I was at a party and bumped into a girl who was still a student that I had met while I was there. We talked, and hit it off in a major way. The next night we shared drinks, but afterward I had to head back to where I lived, which was about 2 and a half hours away.

She and her boyfriend broke up soon after that. She and I began as just sexual partners, then got into an open relationship when we realized emotions were getting involved. I stuck with her for the two months she was halfway around the world in a study abroad program, and welcomed her back with open arms. Over the following months, we grew closer than I imagined I could be with anyone. Not only were we compatible in terms of intelligence and wit, but we both had fetish lists a mile long which, somehow, matched up. It was incredible, and a little over a month ago, she reached the point where she had admitted, in casual conversation, that it was likely we were going to get married.

Then a month ago, out of the blue, she breaks up with me. I won't go into the exact reason, but it was a large misunderstanding. Over the following 48 hours it was cleared up, but she said she still wanted us to have a "separation" to work on ourselves before we went back to being as serious as we had been. I was confused, but willing to try.

We've seen each other 4 times since then, the last being a week ago. We made love, we were telling each other how in love we were, she even kept grabbing my hand to hold it when we were in public. I thought things were improving.

This last Friday, I had a bit of a panic attack over both our relationship and a major event I'm preparing for that happens this week. We talked for a bit, and the conversation devolved from "everything is ok" to "we need to start acting like we're actually broken up" to "I don't think we can be friends, and we need to not talk for a while."

I've been trying to deal. But today, I got home to find that on a fetish site we're on, she has listed as a play partner the guy she has been playing with when we were open. She has no reason to put this out on the site, and she knew I would see it.

TLDR; I feel betrayed. A month ago, we were ready to get married, now, she's shoving it in my face that she's fucking someone else.

I am seriously considering suicide.