Re-post from a couple months ago, but starting to run down the same road. (Feeling extremely depressed lately. Self-worth is pretty low.)I'm in college right now, student-athlete, male, age 22.

Lately, I've been having almost flashbacks of my school days where I was bullied. In my K-12 years, I was bullied constantly. I suffer from Aspergers syndrome and placed in RSP (program for students with disabilities). Other students knew this and gave me hell for it. I was called things like "retard", "stupid", "special ed", etc. I was physically assualted quite a bit during elementary school and middle school (I had my first suicidal thoughts at the age of 8). During high school it was more verbal, however I did have objects thrown at me. I was even called a retard by my 4th grade teacher for failing a drawing assignment. I was great at history but sucked at mathematics. I used to envy and loathe honor students. Many of the honor students also happened to be the popular kids as well. I was also told things like "I would never pass middle school". These events are over, however for some reason they have been tormenting me recently. My self-worth is low and I'm viewing myself as a "retard" again like I did in my K-12 years.

Secondly, for some reason I will have a crush on a girl. Then the crush turns into an obsession, then most of my time will be dedicated to thinking about her. These usually happen with girls that I know I can't have. And usually they have certain physical characteristics that I eventually obsess over as well. I usually find black and mixed race (black and something else) women the most attractive. Before that I used to be fixated on redheads, so on and so forth. Recently, I have been fixated on this mixed race girl that i have only met once 6 months ago. Don't even really know her. However, I have been thinking heavily about her recently. She goes to a christian college 400 miles away (I should probably note that I'm agnostic). We had a small talk and she gave me seemingly flirtatious smiles and giggles. Because of this I have been thinking about her heavily know, been totally fixated on her. I recently added her on facebook, but the friend request is still pending (it's been 3 days). Last time this happened it was with another mixed race girl and a black girl before that. It is driving me crazy, and ultimately extremely depressed. I also feel horrible that I'm fixating so much on a womens race, it feels so wrong, but for some reason I find black and mixed race girls extremely attractive. And I feel being fixated on specific girls and a specific race ruins opportunites with potentially awesome women. I feel lost.

Lastly, I have been feeling isolated with almost everybody I know. I feel like I can't relate to anybody anymore. I feel like I can't express my feelings with people I know. I have been going to church to find a sense of community, but it's not really helping. I feel alone and isolated.

I excersise a lot for my training for my sport. I spend about 2-5 hours each day working out. I lift 3 days a week and do cardio 5-6 days a week(I ran 5 miles yesterday). That provides me with temporary relief. But after that, I feel empty again. I get like this sometimes, but recently has been extremely bad. I don't know if I'm exactly suicidal, but I'm afraid of going down that road again. I feel out of whack Reddit, any advice would be greatly appreciated.