How do you......get over the one thing in life that gave you happiness?

I don’t remember the day, but I certainly know the year when depression made itself home inside my head.

In 5th grade, I was in medium size private school.  I was the smartest one in the class, the biggest, and probably the most athletic.  Everyone wore uniforms.

In 6th grade, I got switched to a public school in order to be in the gifted and talented program.  Now, I’m no longer the smartest, just average.  I’m no longer the most athletic.  This was in the Deep South and there were huge black kids twice my size that were way more talented than me.  There were no longer uniforms.  We were poor and my clothes sucked.  Add in that I went through puberty that year and when you put all of those ingredients into a blender and turn it on, bad stuff happened.

I didn’t understand at the time what was happening, but a couple of years later, my best friend’s mom killed herself, put a shotgun to her head.  I remember at the time feeling really bad for my friend, but at the same time, I was kind of fascinated.  I wanted to go that house and look in it.  The thought in my head was, people really do that, end their lives.

That’s when my suicide fetish started.  I remember one time when I was about 13, walking through the woods by myself, crying, and I found an un-shot bullet.  I put it to my head and got a rock and kept hitting the end of the bullet with the rock but I finally gave up in frustration.
The depression came and went.  I made it through high school and college and just kinda dealt with it.
Then, my last year in college, I see her and she sees me.  We can’t take out eyes off of each other.  I get her number, and that’s it, we are inseparable from that point forward.
She’s my rock.  I tell her about my suicidal thoughts and she says simply, “No.  You can’t do it.  You don’t have my permission.”  Fair enough.

Fast forward 18 years, a lot of drug abuse by me, a lot of lines crossed that people would never believe.
I away for business and at a bar and I start talking to a much younger, really hot female.  When she’s ready to leave, I ask her out to dinner.  I’m only gonna be there a few more nights and I know this is a classy broad, no way, no how, does anything go down with her before I leave.
I know I liked her and she liked me, so we go out to dinner a few times.  I give her a fake name so she can’t look me up and know I’m married.  My last night there, she invites me to her house to cook me dinner.  Sure, why not.

I go and have a good time.  When it’s time for me to leave, she says, “You’ve drank a whole bottle of wine, there is no way I’m letting you drive back to your hotel.  But you have to be a gentleman.”
I say, “No problem.” And then lay down on her sofa and say, “I’ll sleep right here.”

She then lies on top of me and we start kissing and making out like teenagers.  Finally, she stands up, grabs me by the hand, and I say, “Where are we going?”

“To my bedroom.” Oh fuck.  What do I do now?  With nervousness, anxiousness, and excitement, I walk to her bedroom and we make out and get naked.  I think to myself, I’ll just go down on her, that way I can truthfully say I’ve never fucked anyone else. (Yeah, because my wife would've approved of what had happened up to this point. /sarc). And by the way, for someone not ready to have sex that night, she was very prepared down there, if you know what I mean.

After about 15 minutes of that and her two orgasms later, she pulls me up by my armpits, rolls me over and then goes down on me.  After I get hard again, she mounts me.  My dick is now in another woman’s pussy, my hands are on her tits, and she’s riding me like Seabiscuit.  What the fuck?  Just another line I crossed, that’s all.

I go back to that city a few times for work in the next couple of months and see her each time and then she finally googles my children’s name and figures out whom I really am and that I’m married.  She’s devastated but doesn’t tell my wife.  Just another life I’ve fucked with, just another person I betrayed, big deal.

2 years later, my wife is going through my phone and finds some of the old emails on a hidden Gmail account I had (Very bad opsec, I know).  She does some research, finds the phone number and actually calls the chick and she spills ALL the beans.  She even made up some shit to make it worse, not that it could really get worse, but still.  So now, we’re separated and she’s divorcing me.

After all of the drug abuse, abandonment, etc., this is just too much for her.  And the thought of living without her puts me in a really bad spot.

And don’t say you’ll meet someone else.  I’ve met tons of women since we’ve separated and they’re good for about 2-3 dates, then I can’t stand them anymore.  The worse is after we fuck, and then they wanna cuddle like we’re dating or something, especially in the middle of the night when I’m sleeping.

This one chick actually started going down on me while I was sleeping.  I had mixed feelings about that one.  I think she wanted to fuck again, but I just shot hard in her mouth with no warning.  The surprised look on her face was priceless.  Without a word, we both went back to sleep.  I still feel like an asshole for that one.

In rehab, I met this chick whose husband blew his brains out in front of her.  I knew I would have to inquire about it, so I befriended her and when I finally asked her about it, her reply was:

“IT WAS THE MOST SELFISH THING I’VE EVER SEEN ANYONE DONE!”

That line has stuck with me.

The bad part is that my wife still loves and cares about me.  The other night, she called and when we talk, we both usually end up crying, so I just didn’t answer the phone.  47 minutes and 13 calls later I finally pick up, thinking something might be wrong.  She’s crying hysterically.

“What’s wrong?” I ask.

“I just knew you had finally gone through with it.”  She thought I killed myself.

My anthem is Blue October’s Hate Me, because I want her to hate me, but she doesn’t.

Ultimately, I think that song is a love song, because as long as she doesn’t hate me, I can’t do it.  I’ve hurt her enough and I don’t want to hurt her anymore.

She still doesn’t give me permission, and so I don’t.  That is true love.