I don't want to kill myself but it's on the list of my options.Life has been hard in it's own ways. Don't get me wrong, my family is wealthy and we can afford nice objects. But there is more to life than money and wealth. 4 years ago, I started to get depressed - I felt it in me, I wasn't the happy class clown that I used to be. We moved countries and it was hard to adapt - but no matter the problem, my Dad would bring up everything we have. "You can't be depressed while living like this". Again, money isn't everything. I was very depressed and around a year ago now I started taking antidepressants and sleeping pills for my insomnia. This didn't help my case, because according to my dad "Depression is not a real thing". I am just around finishing my 12th year in high school - I was promised for the past 4 years that I was going to be allowed to move to UK for university - that gave me a purpose a drive to do good in school. So I picked up my grades and I'm doing good school-wise. My dad is Arab, and I come from a muslim family. All of a sudden, my dad said no - "no daughter of mine will go live alone". Despite my two older sisters having the opportunities given to them - albeit in a different scenario. Suddenly, I'm going to move back to my country (which I will not share). This country is Arab and Muslim and the society and culture here is not good at all. I'm different from these people - I never grew up like this. I know this will make so depressed. But my dad never changes his mind. Recently as a 17 year old I started smoking light cigarettes, only after long arguments. I would do it without my dad knowing (he's a heavy smoker) - but he eventually found out about me. I denied it and made up stories. But this takes away the chance of having freedom. Freedom of doing what I want to do, I turn 18 in May. Freedom of getting up in the morning and having to go make myself some breakfast. Going to university alone, buying myself food and groceries. It was the independence I strived to achieve. My dad will never change his mind, and I'm stuck here. Everyday it's something different. How I'm faking my mental illness - how depression isn't real - how I should go check myself into a mental hospital. Sometimes I really do want to die because of him. Today I was supposed to go visit universities in [Arab country] it looks okay but it's still not good. Not good at all - I wasted my whole life working for good grades to get forced to waste it on a university with a world ranking of around 7,000. So it started today.. just another typical day with my family. My dad forces me to wake up early as shit to go to uni. Even though you're supposed to apply online. Forces me to like the place and if I don't, I get in trouble. So in the car ride I was just going to take a nap cause I was really tired. Then my parents start yelling at me for pretending to be depressed? Even though I stayed up the night before to study for exams. I was just mentally and physically tired. My dad goes on to explaining that I'm retarded and how I'm mentally ill and my depression is fake. He then said, "You know what, I'm going to take a gun and shoot you right in the head" - "I don't care if I go to prison, I will take the gun and point it to your head and kill you" - I remained silent the whole car ride. Trying to tell my tears not to come out. I recorded some part of it but it's in both Arabic and English. My dad has choked me before, and that is what initially spiralled my depression. I will never forget how he put his hand around my neck the day I got sent back from the hospital for having a "seizure". My mom was watching this take place but didn't bother to do anything. That scarred me for life, it did, and nothing will ever change it. It was on 5/2/15, and I will never forget it. I sometimes fear for my life. But want to die - let him kill me - that's my highway to heaven. I don't know what to do, I'm so lost, I have no one, I have nothing. All these materialistic objects don't mean anything to me. I have no integrity, no individuality, nothing. I hate living here, and I want to run away but that would ruin my family. For some reason I still care about them. I wouldn't even know where to go - or how I would survive. My dad came and apologised to me - but it's too late the damage has been done. No amounts of apologies will recover the part of me that I lost. I just want to smoke it out - I know it's a terrible habit - but I only do this because of how much stress they put me under. I can't do this anymore. I want to smoke without being scared that my dad will come kill me. I want to live life for myself. I don't want to live here but I have nowhere else to go. I need help. I feel like smoking at this point is justified to the position I am in. By the way, "You'll get your freedom in your grave" - as my dad puts it. I hate this Arab culture, the people here are all about money and showing off and that's not me. I'm a loner, who plays video games all through the night, who is deeply depressed. No one gets me. My mom guilt trips me into saying "[X], you're my favorite daughter, please don't leave me, please I need you in my life". This makes me sad because she cries every single time. But I want to live life for myself not my family. Please help me out if you've read this. I don't know what to do next. I can't take a puff of smoke to relieve my stress without getting yelled at or interrogated. I know it's bad - but I put it like this. When I'm at my lowest point I become suicidal. Usually, I would cut or hurt myself by slamming my head on the edge of something until I bleed out and go unconscious (the other way is smoking - it really helps me). I do this in secret, and my parents want me to take me off my medicines too. I always tell myself that I'll be okay, but this isn't the life I want to live. Imagine - the government of my country also offers FREE scholarships to any university that is well-known. Including the one I was supposed to go to. They give you allowances to pay for rent and help you throughout your studying. I strive to get that sense of integrity. To know that I am independent. Living with my family is causing me severe depression and no one knows what I go through. After my own father says he will shoot me with a gun (and I hadn't said anything to trigger that) - I think I have the right to go smoke. Seriously. I don't want to kill myself but I am stuck in a society that is so different to the west. Something my dad hates. "We are not like them, we don't have what they call 'freedom'". I hate my life and I think on this track I will want to kill myself. I thought about it.  It's hard to just live a life you don't want to live. I need help. 