Plans to Suicide within one weekHello People on Reddit,

OK how do I start ? I actually didn't want to write this, but here it goes.

Firstly, I never told anyone about this, apart from writing some depressing words on the last page of my school book, back in elementary school on 3rd grader (about when I was 8 years old), something like "I rather die than be alive". my parents didn't see it I guess, If they saw what I write, they must've ask me about it. that suicidal writing only witnessed by my friend at school who sit next beside me, only that guy knows what I write. I believe my friend don't get the meaning of it since we're still too young, so I don't think of it much since we never socialize either after we finish elementary school. 

Currently, I am 23 years old.

So this is the first time of me opening up, 

I will write this down separately on three parts. School, Home before University and After

&amp;#x200B;

\&gt;&gt; SCHOOL

at kindergarten i don't have much memory. only remember how to write date calendar.

on elementary school first grade we move to different city, at this first grade I believe nothing much happening ( I forgot )

on second grade, we move to different city again, this time it's really different, it's getting worse. my classmates, I was mocked with their accent, making angry faces at me, I am not welcomed since people there have different accent and slightly different language, 

they "hard" bully me, even the teacher, she teach in their accent and leave me behind making me not understanding the lesson at all and the teacher did it on purpose because the teacher sometimes make jokes about me to the whole class, they laughing at me, 

and this one time when lunch time, most of my classmates gang up surrounding me while I'm eating my sandwich, and when i stand up, one guy say something and then all punch me from whole direction, I cried while still holding my sandwich, and lunchtime over, whole class goes to theater room because there is class schedule there. I still sitting in the class not wanting to join. couple days in, I start making excuse of feeling sick to my mom, begging to not go to school, anyway I can.

I moved to newer school but still at that city, you know what. I am not welcomed , they bullied me in "soft way" ( we use 1 table for 2 person in the class), my bullies sit next to me and he seize most of the table, and so on, whole class treat me as an outsider, when break time came, only 1 or 2 people make friend with me, the rest are "soft" bullying me. I survived.

3rd until 6th grade I move back to my hometown, I believe everything is just fine, just some small fights with classmates, no bullying just couple times of misunderstanding and couple fights, punching each other and apologizing to each other after.

7th middle high school also kind of OK, just some classmates bully me for being childish? i guess?

8th grade, all went to hell again, I create enemies (bullies) that I never knew existed, they hate me for nothing, they just hate me, they have couple bullies in other class ( like 8a, 8b, 8c) and tells them to bully me. oh man these bullies were strong, the bully known to be really-really bad around school, punch, taking my pocket money, all that. I survived.

9th grade, all kind of normal, neutral i think.

High school surprisingly OK, i made a lot of friends. I goes to vocational high school concentrating on multimedia, containing such thing as : adobe after effect. premiere, video, photo. movie shooting. all went great.

&amp;#x200B;

\&gt;&gt; HOME

All starting since I was 4 years old. Since I start to have my memory ( I got tears up my eyes writing this sentence )

both of my parents always fight most of the time, my father beat me since I have memory, if there something that are not his way, he will beat me with his belt, leather belt give the worst pain. my mom didn't stop him I guess, mom never listen on what I wanted to say or do, she dictates on what should I do on day by day basis. 

I did have brother, that are way younger than me, about 4 year younger, but that's same story at house, we're being beaten by our father. my mom ? just watch us being beaten, and then lecture us after being beaten to not do something again. 

Back at when I about 6 years old, I got typhoid, I'm delivered to hospital, with all those intravenous infusions, since then I have Syringe and all that medical needles phobia. I Survived.

Maybe I should've died there? I just cheated my way to live? 

and then about 8 years old I got Chronic Tonsillitis, Surgery needed to remove it,

Maybe I should've died there? I just cheated my way to live? 

and just couple weeks before writing this, I got TB, but not at bad stage, only liquid building up around my right Lung, small surgery needed, and I'm currently on medication. and then again:

Maybe I should've died there? I just cheated my way to live? 

Every. Single. Day. Since I was about 5 years old,

Thinking ( I keep adding new questions ) why I have to be here? Why should I even exist ? What if I Just not born? shouldn't it be all  good for anyone? everybody happy? I cried often at night, full crying tears everywhere. why me? what did I do wrong? maybe I am THE mistake? Maybe I should've died there? I just cheated my way to live? Why do I have to handle this pain ?

I have this imagination I just should be in Prison, locked up never opened.

I have this imagination that in my funeral, the whole family including siblings, uncle, and all that laughing at my grave.

&amp;#x200B;

\&gt;&gt; University + Home

I took a business degree because my parents wanted to, the time during my study was kind of OK, I even finished it with 3.76 of 4.00 GPA but without Cum Laude sadly, because my thesis didn't Score Grade A. but deep down I am feeling really empty. i feel this degree is totally not me at all

after graduate, i did not want to get a job, previously I did couple internship here and there, my business degree became useless, I just don't want to work in this corporate job, and then I being pushed by my parents to find a job, so I did, I got a job as business developer, you see, I have a lot of anxiety talking to stranger, let alone via phone, boss blaming me for things I did not do, I cannot stand it, I am suicidal for 3 months working there, I cannot cope with it so I quit. I feel like my life are nothing. 

I don't want to work at this field anymore.

So I got nothing to do anymore, 

a slight flashback, since start of high school I am good at tweaking computer, and increasing pc performance, lets say this guy has a Windows OS on his laptop, and when gaming only able to do 30 FPS something and sometime freezing, stutter mid game, but with my tweaks which i did to the OS and the game, that same laptop could get around 45 fps playing it without any stuttering or hitching or freezing mid game. and i can replicate it to basically many computers, things like registry edit, cmd u name it. but I am not interested in the coding part, i just know what tech specs this guy need and that guy need and knows how to optimize and tweak a system so that guy can postpone system upgrade for sometime to buy a new one. 

if there's new experimental tweaks in the forum, i would try it, i would not care if the system crash, i need to know the tweak is good or not, if crash then i can reinstall it to do more experiment, stuff like that.

I've been told by several lecturer in my university that there is a way for it, master degree in Information System, so From Business Degree undergraduate to Master degree in Information System, not relevant right. and I'm not sure I want it, and if I did, it's still not my passion, it just things that I'm good at, it doesn't make me happy.

but in order to do this, I have to work in the corporate job to pay for it, which i totally hate, I would rather die LITERALLY than working in this field, I asked my parent what if I just become sort of "Uber Driver" for work, my parents don't want that, they will get "embarrassed" by the neighbours and the big family. 

This goes on already since my graduation back in 2017, i only got what, couple months of work experiences which I hate so much.

Last Words, I Believe I found my passion, so there is an education tv show about horse grooming, taming, helping giving birth and ranch overview, the show runs about 30 minutes right, i watched it all and I though it only runs for 5 minutes, I TOTALLY Love it, so I go to youtube right, watch horse stuff. Time goes really fast, i just not understand, the expression is like " It's night already?? but I only watch it for a couple minutes!".

But I realize, in where I live, there is no place for horse, and then i searched for degree in equestrian study, all of them are in other country far away like in Ireland or Australia and so expensive for me, at least I'm happy that I found my passion, not just what I'm good at, That horse things I found and watch was the only Happiness i have in my life. 

I am planning to go suicide by jumping from a building next week, it's my 24th birthday next week, so yeah let's make it more dramatic, currently i'm researching for the best tall building that I can have access to, minimum 10 floor building, I don't know what to do anymore, if I talk to my parents they wouldn't listen to me at all, I believe both of my parents are narcissist from what i learn from medical websites and Reddit forum.

so there it is, 

I could add more depth to my post but i think its ok.

I don't know why I write this, nobody care..

thank you for everyone who manages to read all.