Is life for me? (Long text)Here I am, almost 26 years after I first opened my eyes to this world. Choosing, of all places, to open up to a community of people that could probably not care any less about some guy, somewhere in the world. But, here I am, looking for something, anything, any reason to stay alive. 
I've thought about it a lot lately, taking my own life. Just ending it. After all, I am truly in society's way, a drag to people who have lives, loves and purposes. What have I contributed to the world? Nothing, every step of the way I have only ever thought about ME! Every single hour of my life has been devoted to myself. I have no family left now, I pushed them all away in my never ending quest to please myself. No friends, yeah, I burnt that bridge too. I've been alone for so long, I forgot how to make friends, or maybe I never knew. I do know that I was never a good friend, son, or brother. I hurt EVERYONE. 
I'm about to watch as my last hope of a normal life fades away into history, my job is all I have. It's the only thing left that keeps me going. It's the only productive thing I will ever do. I'll never find love, there isn't a woman out there who can put up with my BS. I've tried to change, people have tried to change me, I want to change, but its just not in me. I've gone through some pretty extreme stuff. I've been in prison for 3 1/2 years of my life, I was 19 then, still hopeful. Then I got out, I struggled and eventually gave in to smoking pot as a way to cope with the hopelessness of my future. I don't smoke anymore, but now I wish I did. Marijuana kept me alive, made life bearable. But, none of it matters, I was a horrible person the day I left my mother's womb. I deserve nothing. I don't deserve to be a Father, a husband, a friend, whatever. I have absolutely nothing to offer society. My family is done, I'm already dead to them. Who do I go to when everyone else is gone? Jesus? I tried that, there was a time when I really did believe, but now, I'm not so sure I do. I want to die, I want to remove myself from the world of life and get out of everyone's way. Yeah, my last act of selfishness. Might as well do it though, its all I've ever done. 
I want to know why I should live, why should I deserve to live? I am labeled as a criminal for the rest of my life, my sentence didn't end on that day in 2013. No, in fact, the real struggle began. I don't know who I am, I'm broken, I know that. It would have been better to euthanize me, than send me out in the world to fend for myself. It would have been better to hang me then, instead of letting me do it myself. I know my name, I know I'm human, but, beyond that, who the hell am I? Why am I alive, why keep going when there's no where to go? There really is no where to go. I am a burden, a nobody, riding a train of regret and guilt. 
I don't want to die alone, but, I know I will, I know that no one will be going to my funeral, no one to spread my ashes in the sea. 
I'm done ranting now, 

TL;DR I'm a waste of oxygen and space, I want to die, but too much of a pussy to do it. 
