I am here for youI came here to blow off steam, to share my feelings.
I am thinking about suicide, but I haven't done it in fear of missing out on what could be.
However, I had a read through some of the posts on this subreddit; and it's extremely disappointing to see how many people are actually advocating the ideas of folk with suicidal tendencies.
I am all acquainted with the existential curse that all of us have been born with, but I thought that maybe people going through similar experiences would be able to show some light. Although I am on some level not willing to hear it out, and somehow want to give in to the despair.
Pain in my life is mostly self induced, I have the components of life that are supposed to make you happy, the things people work all their lives to achieve; yet it all feels like a mountain that weighs me down, and suicide would not make a difference to anyone, just as my existence. The pain is the only thing making me feel alive.
I always thought that when I hit a brick wall I could fuck off somewhere and try to disconnect from every element of my life that makes me feel the way I do. And if it doesn't work, then I would off myself. 

To everyone that feels that talking to someone could help, even someone as fucked up as I am, I am here.
Because the way I see it, talking to someone that seems to have it all figured out never did anybody any good, these people undermine suicide, and the bravery and circumstances that lead you to it.

I don't want to just talk you out of it, I wan to feel your suffering as it is mine, because there might be a thing or two that you still want to do, we're all here to die, but when the whole world seems against you, that's when you shouldn't do it. Don't let the fucking universe win!
It's a blatant piece of fucking vacuum and we're nothing but a spec of dust with consciousness, but the more pain we feel, the more capacity for joy or satisfaction we can seek, as is the way of the world.

I don't want to make this longer than it should be, so in summary, fuck everyone and everything, and if you feel like you're alone hit me up. I could use a friend to talk to as well. My namesake childhood best friend died, that inspired life in me died two years ago at 21, and I am yet to find solace, or will to leave. Not to mention a friend I could feel for like I did him.

I have never written a post this long and never have been one to share much, but as of today, I am changing.
And I hope we can help each other.