Edating, cheating, blackmail, stalking and suicideMy life is pretty messed up and I’m pretty stupid. There’s a lot of stuff but I’ll try to keep it as short as possible. 

Basically, when I was young (15) I started talking to this guy online (20). We “edated” for 2 years, but I knew he was “cheating” on me. By cheating I mean sending other women stuff. We were both virgins (as far as I knew). I wanted to meet up with him, but we lived really far away and my mother wouldn’t let me go and he didn’t want to travel to see me. I ended up giving him some money so he could come, but that didn’t work out. 

The relationship was painful (I knew he was cheating). I know it’s hard to say it’s cheating because it wasn’t a real relationship, but I really liked him and it hurt me really badly. Anyways, so me and that online guy broke up. Then I started seeing this guy that I worked with inrl. But I still missed the online guy. I messaged him and told him about my new bf and obviously the online guy didn’t want anything to do with me. This was a really painful experience and I’m not proud of it but I basically became the online guys stalker. 

So I was dating someone inrl and I was “stalking” this online guy. During this time I lived with my mother. However, she kept having psychotic breaks and we’d recently moved country so I had no friends or family to live with, so I ended up moving in with my inrl boyfriend. However, still I kept messaging this online “ex” but he practically begged me to stop messaging him. Then eventually he just stopped replying. Ignoring and being not replied to hurts me the most. It hurts me so much. 

Anyways, so during this time I had a couple online friends I’d talk to. I’ve never been very social or been good with people. There was this one guy id had a rocky friendship with. So this guy and me didn’t like each other at all when we first met. Then we sort of became friends, but then he betrayed my trust. Then years later we became friends again. Then we started to get really close. He was one of the only people I felt I could be 100% honest with about my real life and all the things I’d done. 

Then me and this other guy started an “online relationship.” This guy knew I had a bf, as he’d followed my inrl social media’s for years. Then my inrl bf knew the online guy as like my best friend, my only friend really. So me and this guy started having a “romantic” relationship for a few months. But he’d always get mad at me about having a inrl boyfriend. I tried to explain that I couldn’t leave because I lived here and stuff. I know it wasn’t right.

Then basically this guy snapped one day and decided to start blackmailing me for money or else he’d expose me. Because I lived with my boyfriends family that could mean I’d have no where to live. I’d already given this guy money as gifts and stuff. I really thought he was my friend too. But I ended up having to give him more to make him stop. This whole experience really messed me up even more. I’ve always been really suicidal and depressed. I’m not saying that as some sort of excuse, I’m just saying that I didn’t really see many other options when I was being threatened. I came very close to just ending it to escape. I know it’s a situation I brought on myself, but it was still horrible. 

My inrl bf learned about all the stuff that had happened, and he was really mad and rude. But he eventually forgave me. 

Then because I’m a genius, a year later, after not talking to that online guy that threatened me, I decided to talk to him again. I messaged the guy that threatened me, and basically robbed me again. I think it was because part of me felt guilty? Because he always said he was cruel and did all that horrible stuff because of my inrl life. But I couldn’t really do much to change my inrl life? 

Anyways, so me and the threat guy start something up. All this “I’ll love you forever, you’re my soulmate,” etc etc literally every cheesy thing you could imagine. Then obviously he ends up taking more of my money. Then he tells me he can’t deal with my inrl and that he’s going to expose me and ruin my life on my birthday. 

So now here I am. I know I did this to myself and I was stupid. I know I’m a horrible cheat. I tell myself these things everyday, believe me. So I don’t need you to judge me. 

I’ve tried to get into contact with the threats guy but he just ignores me. I’ve left so many messages, called so many times. My birthday is approaching soon and I’m just filled with dread, it makes me feel so sick and disgusting, and I find it hard to do anything. 

The inrl guy knew about the first time and how the online guy threatened me. I can’t bring myself to tell the inrl guy that I was stupid enough to message the threat guy again. I just can’t. Also, I feel like my inrl bf will flip out. He has a really bad temper sometimes and has grabbed me and pulled me around a couple of times. Only when he found out about the online stuff I did, so I know I deserved it anyways. But I’d have nowhere to live.

But I guess I used the online guy as some sort of escape from my painful life. But then the online guy just made my reality worse. It’s just the constant anxiety that something bad is going to happen is so tiring and upsetting. 

I know I dug myself into a hole. But the only way out seems like suicide. I’ve seen a lot of therapists. I even told a therapist about when the online guy threatened me the first time. She basically judged me and said I was stupid. Then she told me to tell the police. But if a woman therapist judged me, imagine what some buff police officer would do, they’d just laugh at me. 

I know I’ve done some horrible stuff. I do know that. But I was just in so much pain. I still am. I’m just writing this on here because there’s no one I can tell this all to. No one. I don’t really know what to do other than wait. I still keep thinking that threat guy will message me or something, but I know he doesn’t really care. 

The online guy I would chat to all day. But the inrl guy was inrl. Like I knew if I was broken the inrl guy would be there, you know? And I’m so easily broken. Whenever I’ve made posts in the past all these strong people come at me like move out, stop being a leech etc. But I have no one. I have no family. No friends. Then sometimes I think if I lived completely alone, there’d be no one stop stop me from killing myself. Which my inrl bf has had to do in the past. 

I know the inrl guy gave me so much and did so much for me. I do feel horrible. I feel like I’m not good enough for him. He comes from a nice family, and compared to that I’m trash. Then the online guy I really liked so so much. I gave him so much (gifts, money, time). But he just threatens me and ignores me. I knew the online guy for years and years, and I thought we had a basic level of friendship. It wasn’t just some random guy....

I’m just in a lot of pain and I’m mentally messed up from what I’ve done. So I just feel physically tired and sick all of the time. Then all I can do is wait. I just feel so powerless.

Sorry I just wrote this stupid essay, that I know literally no one cares about. All I am is pathetic, self pitying, weak and depressed. Well that’s what everyone tells me. Everyone also tells me I’m dead inside too, which I guess is true. 

Why couldn’t that first online guy love me and not cheat on me? 

Why couldn’t I have passionate feelings and deeply love the inrl guy? 

Why couldn’t the other online guy love me? And not threaten and blackmail me? 

TLDR; I edated this dude when I was young that repeatedly cheated on me for 2 years. Then I started dating someone inrl but still liked the online guy. The online guy didn’t like me. 

Then another online friend and me got together while I had a inrl bf (which the online guy knew about). 

However, the online guy couldn’t handle my inrl life so he repeatedly threatened me for money. This lead me to the point where I felt like suicide was the only escape (I’ve been depressed for years). So now I live in fear that my life is going to be destroyed on my birthday.

