My mom has 3 failed suicide attempts that I know of, my sister has 2. If things don't change I'll be the first 'successful' one. What can I do?Hi everyone, this will be a long read. I don't know what I should say, so I will just start spilling my guts in hopes that someone can help.

I'm currently, 19, turning 20 in less than 2 weeks. Not excited at all. I smoke marijuana every day as a way to cope, I feel without it I would probably have killed myself a long time ago. I'm not stoned 24/7 or anything, I usually use it after a hard day of school to unwind, it gives me something to look forward coming home to. I'm currently in my second year of university and I'm working towards a degree in microbiology. I found viruses pretty fascinating and I've always been very interested in death, so I'm trying to get into Pathology after my degree. For me to get into pathology, I will need to get near-perfect grades for the rest of my degree because my first year did not go very well.

In my first year of university, my mom, who is bipolar, tried to kill herself. My mom was unconscious for a couple days, and the doctors told us that she might not make it. It destroyed my family. When she recovered, she told us that a voice had told her to take all of her pills and that she realizes what she did to us, she promised to never do anything like that again.
In my first year of university I got a couple A's, a C+, and the rest were B's. Not good enough, so I took 5 classes in the summer. 

During the summer session, I had devoted myself 100% to school. At home, my family would constantly fight, and there was always something negative happening. My sister was brought home by the cops about 3 times for being caught way too drunk, she's 16. As things at home were constantly negative, I just blocked out my entire family, otherwise there would be no way for me to accomplish my goals in school. That summer, my mom had her second failed attempt. She took all of her pills, then got into her car and drove away. I tried driving around to find her before it was too late, but the cops found her car her first. She was in her back seat, covered in vomit (which probably saved her life), and barely conscious. This time, I didn't feel anything. It was sort of a "oh, this thing again" feeling. I never visited her in the hospital this time. I was/am still angry at her.

I continued to block out my family and focus on school, I even started to sleep at school just so I wouldn't have to deal with any of their issues a day before an exam. About a month after being released from the hospital, my mom got into a fight with my dad and tried taking all of her pills again. My dad was able to stop her, but she tried to attack him with a knife and she called the cops. She told the cops that my dad physically abuses her and my sister (which he doesn't) in an attempt to get him taken away. The cops told my dad that my mom was crazy. I continued focusing an school, and I ended up getting an A+, 3 A's, and a B+ (in calculus, I'm terrible at math). I finally felt like I had achieved something to be proud about.

I'm now in my second year of university, midterms start in less than 2 weeks, and this weekend my 16 year old sister tried to strangle herself with a coathanger. Never heard of anything like that before.

I'm feeling mentally and emotionally drained. I hate my family and I hate the life that they're forcing me to live. I'm trying to do something positive with my life, get a Dr. title, get a career that I'd be proud to have, but my family, the people that should be supporting me the most, keep dragging me down in their constant bullshit.

I'm surrounded by my family trying to kill themselves. Suicide has become such a huge aspect of my life. I used to be terrified of dying, I used to come up to my mom bawling my eyes out saying that I didn't want to die. Now, I welcome death. I'm 19 years old and I want to die, but I don't think I will commit suicide. If I do decide to kill myself, I already know how it will be done. I daydream about the killing myself as a way to get a form of revenge. My plans aren't ordinary either, I put in a lot of effort to come up with these plans. I'm actually terrifying myself by writing this to be honest, I can't believe what I've become. 
For example, one suicide plot that i've designed would require me decapitating myself somehow, but set it up so my head would be attached to a celing fan which would spin it around. I thought of glueing my hands to my head, and have my arms cut off at the same time so it'd be 2 arms holding a head, spinning around the room. I think about getting a woodchipper also, which would cut up the rest of my body and cover the room in blood. I'd want it to spin around also to cover everything in bits of me. This is the kind of thing that I think about. Every. Single. Day. WTF.

Writing this has made me feel worse than when I started. Now I know how much of a shitty person I am. I should have spent the couple hours it took to write this studying instead.