Don't care to live, don't dare to dieI'm 29 years  old, single, I have  two degrees and despite that I'm stuck waiting tables for a shit pay. I've isolated myself from my friends and watch everyone around me surpass me in every way possible. I barely have money to  pay for my food and rent. And in top of  that, I lack money to pay for parking tickets ... for a car that I don''t have anymore, because it was to shitty to drive at  the end. I moved four months ago and still can't afford furniture. My neighbour is a psycho who screams at  random sometimes, scaring me. And at work I geht yelled at by bitchy managers and treated  with condescension by guests.  I don't get pleasure out of sex anymore and don't care to date anymore. I've sent out a lot of  applications but can't get a decent job. And more offen than not I find comfort in alcohol.

I've tried many things to improve my position, to find a meaningful work, friends, love. But the world is uncaring, the people around me are indifferent to how I feel.  There is no place for me in this world.  No home. No one who needs me or relies on me. I'm lost. And no matter how hard I try to find a way to build a better life, things turn to shitat the end.

I'm done struggling and I'm done trying. I'm tired of this miserable shit life and I just want to end the pain of it. I see no point in going on.

But I have to.

Not for me. But for everyone who would be hurt by my death. I tried talking to my family about suicide today. I wish there was  a way to prepare them, to warn them, to say goodbye properly.  I wish there was a way to end my pain without petting others suffer. I don't  want anyone to suffer because of me. But there is none. And since I can't let anyone suffer because of me, I have to go on ith this shit life. That I hate and that seemingly can't be fixed no matter how hard I try. It's scary really. When living on becomes your duty. A duty you owe to other people...

And so I'm stuck with the duty of continuing living. I'm scared of the misery that lies ahead. The misery I have to endure. That I'm not allowed to escape. Can someone bloody kill me now?

I don't care if someone reads this, if someone does or does not bother to answer. I had to get it out somehow.