I think about it a lot......I don't think I'd actually do it, I just think about it a lot. 

I keep having these periods of hopefulness and optimism, but inevitably, I always find a way to bring myself back down to square one. Like today, for example. I thought I smelled gas in the kitchen, so I called BGE to check it out real quick and texted the landlord, who lives one floor below me, to let them know. Now, the landlord is furious I called in a "repairman" without permission. My bf even warned me not to bother them, but I thought, "Hey, if there was a potential gas leak in the apartment above me, I'd want to know." Stupid, fucking stupid. The bf says I have a personality flaw--always getting stuck on "doing the right thing" and not considering other perspectives--and I guess he's right. He says it's hard to come to turns with it when you realize you have a personality flaw. We probably should have stayed in the last place--it was cheaper and nicer--but the landlord came in without notice, walked in on me naked, and refused to give notice in the future. I wanted to move, but the bf thinks we should have just sucked it up. I fucked everything up trying to do the smart thing, when I should have just listened to him and kept my mouth shut. Now, we're in a place he hates, that's more expensive, because I'm a fucking little bitch.

I don't know why he bothers with me. I'm on leave for medical school for the second time. I'm not smart, I'm not productive, I'm not worth anything. I don't bring in an income and while, sure, I could manage the household, I am shit at it. It takes me forever to get the simplest tasks done and half the time, I fuck it up, like I did with the "gas leak" issue. 

I feel like I am a leech on everyone I meet, with nothing legitimate worth contributing; if it weren't for the guilt of leaving behind my bf and little sister, IDK. I think about it a lot, more and more as time goes on, but maybe the best solution is to just break up with my bf, cut ties with friends, and just wallow in my own shittiness. IDK.

Thanks for listening.