To all my friends at SWI just wanted to take a second before I start drinking for real (I have taken 2 sips already) to say thank you and to say that even when I've been at my lowest and down on the ground, you have taken the time to post kind words and challenge my thinking. The latter is sometimes hard for me to do, but being an Anorexic, I know all about challenging yourself and others to think "outside the box" almost...to change your perspective on things to see if that doesn't help you think differently. That is what we did on the Eating Disorder Message Board that I used to be a part of a while ago. I was forced to leave because it is ONLY for recovery and I am not even close to that, and I haven't been for a long time. I am still deep in my ED, still actively restricting/purging (though NEVER binging) and I am suicidal more often than not, so I am excluded from posting until I am more recovery-minded. That is just how the rules are and I am OK with that.

I have my Manischewitz Concord Grape Wine here by me and I am getting pleasantly toasted. I can't get TOO drunk because my hubby has to go to work later and I have to be home with the kids, but I can drink until I feel happy. Please don't lecture me on alcohol and my meds (meh...haven't taken them today...I KNOW I KNOW...don't say it!) or that self-medicating is not the way to go. It is the only way I can feel better right now and it is legal. Now what I have planned for later is definitely NOT legal, but I don't care much. It is not like I will be out on the streets tokin'...my neighbor has a bowl and I've been invited over later for some fun while her daughter sits with the kids over at my house. I rolled my own joint a week or so ago (failed at it dammit...I am out of practice) and smoked it on my back roof that is right underneath our bedroom window. I got high and I felt better. I am self-medicating, self-harming in a way, and escaping this prison that is my mind.

But...I digress. Thank you to everyone here. I appreciate you and I am not in a really bad place at the moment...just depressed. I still think of suicide a lot, but right now, I don't feel moved to do anything of the sort. I don't want to...I am already feeling the effects of the alcohol and I feel...okay now.

&lt;3 Love you guys!

~LG

