The term "suicide watch" sounds a little extreme to me...but I'm not here to argue about what sounds harsh and what doesn't... I'm here because I need someone to talk to. As bad as I want to I can't kill myself. I have a .22 revolver on my nightstand behind me and idk if it's that I don't have the balls to put it to my head and pull the trigger or if I don't want to die I've been trying to figure that out for a while now. lately I can't help but think boy if only that truck coming towards me could just come into my lane head on or how I wish this gas pump would spontaneously blow up before I finish filling up my tank. Do you think I should be on suicide watch? Idk... I hate my life. I've been mad at the world lately for no reason. I hate my job. I hate myself. Tired of bottling shit in. I have trichotillomania (the irresistible urge to pluck out my own hair) disorder. No one knows until now because I've been able to hide it for 12 years but it's getting to where it's hard to conceal with what I have to work with. Tired of being stepped on talked down to judged and looked down upon. I don't want to be alive anymore. Well honestly I haven't wanted to be alive for about three years now. I've been taking anxiety medicine for about 5 months and when asked about what about depression I said none but after he asked me that I figured out I was born depressed. I was born weighing two pounds they had to attach me to machines and tubes and my mom said that I had took my pinky finger and yanked the tube out of my mouth. I was almost dead. I'm not supposed to be here. It's always been so severe and for so many years that I just been lying to myself that I was normal. I have tricked myself into believing that was happy because I simply cannot function when those feelings surface. My brain's ability to think straight shuts down. So I fool myself so I could carry on. I'd like to say I'm good at it.. Really good at it. Till now. My whole life is a lie. I know that now. My grandmother was a drug addict and crazy although she liked admitting to it my mom is crazy my uncle died from alcohol abuse my second cousin killed himself because he was tired of being pushed around because he was gay. I'm 24 and still living with my parents with no kids to be there for which gives me intensive but I think that's the only true reason I'm still here because my parents would be absolutely devastated. I'd like to talk to my boyfriend about these feelings but he'd worry up a freaking storm. I have alot of will power but is it enough to wake up another morning?   