... I guess this is my anonymous cry for helpI really rather not exist. I don't want to die, well I kinda do. But death is messy and disruptive. It'd be far better if I never existed in the first place. I am unmarried and have no children. I live with my sisters. They are financially dependent on me. I were to commit suicide, they would not get my life insurance.  So, really suicide is out. Also, I do not want my attempt to fail terribly and I have to "live" with the consequences.

I am just so tired. I am tired of being happy only for it to go away. I am tired of having friends only for me to screw up and they rightfully leave. I am tired of having ADHD. I am tired of making the simplest of mistakes. I am tired of feeling hollow. I am tired of feeling selfish all of the time. I am tired of anxiety. I am tired of being bad weird. I am tired. I am tired of existing. 

Not everyone has a life like a wonderful life. No one I know would be worse off if I did not exist. If I die right now, yes, there would be problems and a whole. That is because everyone is connected and woven together. Any death plucks a thread and ruins the pattern in the immediate area, but life keeps going and the overall pattern continues. 

Sometimes things are good and then I am reminded that I made my own problems and I will continue to screw up my life. There is no way around that. 

I can pray that God will rewind time, but that won't happen. 

I can plan out an "accidental" suicide. I have planned out about 5 ways to do that, but really the best way is if I can leave and not have any family member be the one to discover my body. 

I found that giving myself bruises and choking myself helps panic. But I don't want to be a burden. I cant stand fake sympathy. So, I have to be careful where the bruises are. 

I tried being real with my sisters last night and explain some of my anxiety and depression. They continued to play video games until one turned to me and said "Well, at least...." and added a positive that was completely unrelated to what I was talking about. ...I listen when she talks. I put down my game. I listen. I live with her fears and anxieties. My entire life has been controlled by her fears and anxieties, hers or our mother's. 

It was a needed reminder that I am unlikeable. I am only useful to my family and only liked when I am not struggling. There is no point. I cannot die by my own hand because that would leave my entire family in a mess. 

I am lonely, but every friendship I have had, I have had a hard time not being too needy once we get close.  So far, I have been better about sticking to my resolve of not being close to others. I am lonely, but if I cannot regulate my emotions, then I do more damage than good to them. 

I tried getting therapy, but my therapist said that based on the written description of what I was going through, they are surprised by how put together I am. They were expecting someone barely hanging on. ... Well, excuse me if not everyone's first response is to ball their eyes out to a stranger. The therapist said that this is the moment to be vulnerable and to be real in order to heal. I tried explaining that I was being vulnerable. I was talking about stuff that I didn't talk to anyone about and I just met the therapist. I am reaching out for help. Their conclusion was that I got this and am fine and will be fine. 

... no point.

So, I guess.... I don't really want to die. I want to stop fucking up. I want to be loved and valued for who I am not what I can do for people. I want to be a good friend. I want... to have never existed. 

.... lol, I was about to type, "sorry." In a reddit post that I am not forcing anyone to read, I cannot help but want to apologize. ... I hate me.