Well here I am againI always know that I'll end myself. Even when I have good days, I know it's not really me. It's just a projection of some hollow false happiness created by the sertraline. So even on my good days I know it's not me. 

I doubt I'll last much longer. I am a nasty selfish prick that doesn't even deserve the flase joy my drugged up brain creates. I will never be able to work. I can't do anything that requires the precise use of hands or that is motion based in general because I'm dyspraxic. I can't do much that's people based because I will always be the weird one because I'm autistic, which is becoming less and less tolerated everywhere.

I'm fat, ugly, and generally a horrible person so I don't know why I was so surprised when she realised and left me. But jeez it hurt a lot when she did.

I've stopped taking my sertraline for the past few weeks, and have been saving them up in secret in order to take a massive overdose at some point in the future. I know overdose deaths are slow and painful, but while I don't really want it, I most certainly deserve it.

I am a parasite. I still live with my mum and am at an age where I should be supporting the family but instead I just continue to leech off of her and my siblings, emotionally manipulating them in order to parasitise on their kindness.

I'm also full of problematic radical left wing opinions which if my usually kind grandparents knew then they'd probably disown me for them. And even though I absolutely deserve their hatred I still don't tell them because I'm weak.

At this point I should probably try to distance myself from my family and few friends in order to minimise any emotional damage I cause but I can't bring myself to make them hate me because my willpower is so piss poor.

I don't quite know why I'm posting this here. Maybe it's just another way to selfishly make myself feel better by getting some shit off my chest which is absolutely not any of your problems, not that it matters because there's so many people posting in here that this one will just be another drop of darkness and negativity into the shadow of this sub.

I will commit suicide. If I survive this episode there's always gonna be another episode. If I overcome depression again it's just gonna come back worse as it has since I was six years old. I am a hopeless case and I want to tell people to just GIVE UP on me because I'm not worth the effort. Let me rot in a dark corner until I finally grow some balls and kill myself.

Sorry.