I should have kept my mouth shutI recently confided in my boyfriend that I have been self-harming and suicidal.

He has been supportive, and I really appreciated it. He hasn't been flippant or judgemental as others have been in the past. 

The self-harm and depressive episodes were becoming increasingly difficult to conceal. I chose to tell him because I felt that doing so would be better than him finding out on his own. However, it is clearly taking a toll on his own well-being and I can't help but feel I should have kept my mouth shut.

Recently, he took time off work because he is worried about me and I have no friends or family, so he doesn't want me to be alone. I didn't ask or tell him to do this. I discouraged it, but I didn't feel comfortable lying to him by promising I wouldn't hurt myself. I wish now that I had just lied. His employer authorised a couple of days off, but they are not happy and have advised they will need to talk about going forward. They are unaware of the reasons he took time off.

I am now worried he's going to lose his job over this, all because of me. All because I chose to tell him. It's clear that he is worried too and his behaviour is noticeably colder, so it's safe to say he agrees that this is my fault.

One of the reasons I haven't killed myself is because of how much it would hurt him. I have noone else to be here for, noone else to protect. But this has solidified, in my mind, the truth that I am in the way of his happiness and success. I am holding him back, I am being a burden and any good in this relationship is outweighed by these factors. The kindest thing I can do is remove my existence from the equation. He deserves much, much better than this. He deserves much, much better than me. I am like an anchor, like shackles around his ankles pulling him under the water just because I am drowning. I don't want to do this. I try so hard not to.

Without him, I will be homeless and truly completely alone. I can't survive by myself, but I hate being in his way. I hate the fact he now feels responsible for me and is putting aspects of his life at risk. I hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate myself so much and I wish I was dead. I wish he never met me. 

I should have kept my mouth shut.