I legitimately want to discuss this optionSo I don't believe what has caused my depression and self searching to be relevant to this but if you see it as necessary then please explain your reasoning and I will take the time to give you the info on that.

But that aside I've been searching for a long time for "the answers" to the deep seated questions that are hard to explain but we all know are there. I used to attach so much emotion to my thinking but as of late I just play so Osu! for about fifteen minutes and just become completely emotionless to truly evaluate my situation and this is what I've come to.

I started off believing that I was the problem with my life as so many people do and I went through that. On to the next point.

Then I believed that I had just chosen the wrong people to trust in life. I believed in philosophical and moral axims without knowing what they were even called. I thought that there were good people and bad people and good actions and bad actions. I had a very binary view of the world. But over time I abandoned this clear cut black and white view of the world.

Then I read up on moral philosophy, mostly Kant and Nietzsche. I read some of Kant's Critique of Pure Reason and then Nietzsche-ian cynicism. I wasn't able to read much but I did read an awful lot during lunch and in between Physics and Calculus. 

Then I became a non-absolutist and now beleive that there is no exact right or wrong. As Nietzsche says "You have your way. I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist." And now see that the world is a horrible place and that the human condition is evil. To be human is to consume to survive/thrive, deductively to consume is to take, inductively to take is to hurt. The only reason I even consider that logic to be inductive is because there is a probability to whether there will be pain from you taking at all. I want to choose not to live in this horrible world anymore. 

The reason why I came here is because while others care little for me I am the type of person where even if a person has hurt me I still can't help but care for them. People who have hurt me even as recent as the previous day I still care about and hope are happy. And do to this caring nature of mine that I can't seem to abandon no matter how hard I try I care about my family and how they will be negatively affected by my suicide. 

Are there other people like me out there in the world? Is life worth living if I can't abandon the actions that I see as illogical and by proxy self harming because I only seem to be able to give to those around me? 

My father always said that I was too smart for my own good and maybe this is yet again one of those times. I see no reason for me to stay around and have actually sat down and logically thought this through. I'm hoping some of you will be able to discuss this with me and help me come to my conclusion. 