If I wasn't a year and a half awayEveryday I'm here I tell myself it will be worth it, it's one more day closer until I'll finally be able to move out. But I still can't help my thoughts. 
 I feel guilty publishing here. I feel ashamed complaining about my life when I know there's people that struggle so much more than me, but recently it's been getting difficult and I just need some advice. 
I have been on off having suicidal thoughts since before I even knew what suicide was. I remember fourth grade I told my teacher I wanted to die and end it. It was when my parents were going through a rough time. Constantly fighting, drinking, and screaming. I now suffer from horrible anxiety. I can't order food at a restaurant, I hate using my blowdryer, I can't even stand listening to my music too loud because I'm horrified of loud noises and being talked down to. the screaming really took a tole on me. It's been a very long time since my fourth grade Incident, but the divorce took many years to settle. It's gotten worse. 
My mom has bipolar disorder and she refuses to take her medication. One second she's happy and then in an instant I'm the worst child ever, I'm selfish, I'm too sensitive, I'm a lazy pig. But I work, i try my hardest. I'm a full time student, i don't backtalk, i don't do drugs, i don't fight. I don't know what else to do. I currently live with her and I want to desperately move in with my father who is willing to get me treatment and help. He's gotten so much better as a person, he's gotten help for his issues and started becoming independent and sober. He says he loves me and cares about me. He doesn't yell or scream and talks to me when I need it. So many more things I could say about his accomplishments. They're polar opposites. 
But why hasn't my mom? 
Why can't I leave my mom? 
Because she can be so nice. So amazing, until the fits come. One second she tells me how much I mean to her, then destroys it. 
She talks down to me. She wants me to be perfect. She isolates me from friends, she has to approve before I talk to people. She's a neo nazi. I can't have mixed friends. Or black friends. Forget about Hispanics, Asians, any other ethnicity that isn't bleached.
 I hate it. I love everyone, I'm even in a biracial relationship I've been having to hide over a year. The cultures and new things I've learned are so breathtaking and beautiful. I love all races, I just wish I could be myself. 
She's controlling, it might sound stupid but it's so much more serious than anyone believes. My writing is so messy and unorganized and I feel so useless. 
I asked her recently for help. My step dad and her have gotten in fights about it. He said he won't let her scream at me. And that's just what happened. 
"No magic pill is going to fix you" 
"You're selfish. You don't know what pain is. Go to Africa and see what REAL pain is" 
"I don't care if you cry in your room all night" 
"You're too sensitive." 
"Just stop having anxiety over stupid shit" 
She doesn't talk to me. She doesn't talk to fix problems at all. She automatically starts screaming and then a few hours later, when I have swollen eyes and my face is flushed, she acts like nothing happens. She makes jokes, acts happy, and all is "okay" again. It's a cycle. And I want to end it so badly. I want to hurt her by hurting myself but I know that I'm not ready to leave this world. I know I cannot hurt the ones who truly love me and don't hurt me as bad as this. 
This is just the tip of the iceberg, there's so much more no one knows about. I know what emotional abuse is, but I don't want to label it. 

In summary: 
I tell myself I'm ugly. I'm fat. I'm useless. 
"No one loves a fat girl" every time I eat. It's just things I've been told multiple times and they stick. 
I can't socialize. It's hard to talk to people. It's hard to love myself when I've been treated horribly. 
I have nightmares, I wet the bed, I hyperventilate when I go to any gatherings. 
I'm just wrecked. I don't know what to do. 
I don't even know if this is the right place to talk about it, i don't want to stress anyone out, And I apologize ahead of time if this does occur. 
I just hurt. 