Going off medication cold turkey I don't know what's wrong with me and it's scaring meThey're literally YELLING at me KILL YOURSELF KILL YOURSELF KILLR YOURSELfF. I've been off them about a month now. This is the second time I've quit cold turkey. I was on antibiotics and the warnings warned you to check with your doctor before taking any anxiety meds with the antibiotics but instead of checking I just stopped taking them.

I'm in my first relationship, and I'm 19. It's long distance right now thank god. I had zero sex drive at the beginning and sex was just painful because I was practically asexual. Now I'm starting to feel sexual. But these thoughts won't leave me alone. I'm going to college and I've been reading terrible reviews. I also realized I don't want to major in what I signed up for but I already signed my lease for my apartment and I already paid the school so much money. I didn't research it well enough. It'll take me months to pay back. Instead of taking a year off school like I was going to, I'm going to have to at least try in this major and I know I won't like it but I'll have to work as hard as I can so I'll be exhausted, then I'll have to take a year off to pay it back and then I might be able to start something I like. And my mind just won't shut up right now. I feel so overwhelmed that I can't stop crying. And picturing myself hanging myself or slitting my wrists. WHen I'm on my meds I'm fine sometimes but my moods shift too, but I feel much more real now. I want to ditch everyone and everything I know. I want to crawl into a tight space and lay there but I also want to just write a novel and tell everybody to fuck themselves. I don't know why but I'm also very angry rithght now. I feel like I was set to fail from the beginning. I'm a lot calmer than I was when I started writing this. I'll probably sleep for the next 20 hours. I forgot what it was like to be this depressed. I don't even feel anger anymore. It's been like 20 seconds. I don't know what's wrong with me. I can't see a therapist since I have no money and am moving. I don't want to go back on my meds, they're hell. I can't even end this post. I feel dead, with slight electrical currents jolting through my body, a big tangled mess in the middle. But with faint sparks. Nothing connects