I feel nothing. I am nothing.My son is the only good thing I’ve ever done with my life. He’s truly brilliant and kind and hilarious and hardworking. He’s ten, and has such big aspirations. I’m in awe of him. 

I cannot give him the life he deserves. I am too fucked up to make it through a single day at my stupid job without crying and having a suicidal breakdown in the bathroom at least once. Honestly, it’s usually more than once. Today was only twice. That place sucks any  energy I can muster to keep living and by the time I get home, I just sleep. It was the same at my last job. 

I don’t think I was built to survive in the world we are living in. 
I’ve had clinical depression for 14 years. I know the downs and I know I can have good days, too. But everything is so hollow and I’m so tired. 

I walk around all day with a sob in my throat. And a death wish in my mind. 

I don’t want to get married anymore. I don’t want to keep hurting my kid, not being there for him. I don’t want to get up and go to work tomorrow, a mandatory sixth day in a row. That alone almost broke me. I can only really try to live the few hours between getting off Friday and the overwhelming anxiety of Sunday night, when I begin dreading work again. 
I got into a fight with my fiancé and I came to sleep on the couch. I don’t think I’ll be sleeping. 

I know I’ve told this sub this all before. And about how I want to drive out to the overpass and jump off. I know I’ll die, other people have done it there. 

I love my son so much but I know I’m hurting him everyday I’m like this. 

I’m no mother. 
I’m just an exhausted husk.
A perpetually sad and aching ball of flesh that’s going nowhere. 
I reside in the dark place. Pulling myself out day after day is an exercise in futility. 

I wasn’t built right for this world. I am nothing. 
I feel a strange calm, quiet inside. I know it’s shitty but I want to give into this voice that’s been constantly telling me to end it for years. Constantly. If I zone out doodling, I’ll literally write ‘kill yourself’ without even thinking. It’s so ingrained into me that I have no choice. The voice and the world have beat me into this nothingness.
I can’t even cut myself right anymore. I’m just so tired. 

Thanks for reading if you did.