Am I A Failure?Hey everyone, I guess it's never a happy occasion to post here.  This is a throwaway account and I have tried my best to disguise my writing style because I'd rather not have certain people seeing this.

About me: I'm in my mid 20s and I have a semi-good career.

Problem: For whatever reason, for my entire life I have never been happy by myself, basically I always needed a woman in my life somehow to be happy.  When I was growing up, my mother was my best friend (as lame as that sounds).  

When I turned 14 I met a girl and within a few months we fell in "love" (we were 14, we had no idea what that meant).  This girl was really a great person, but she was also in the top 1% of her class all, and she made sure I knew that she was better than me.  I figured I wasn't the one for her, and moved on.

In 2003 my brother killed himself.  We don't know what happened, and I personally don't want to.  I know it had something to do with his girlfriend breaking up with him (or at least that is what happened the day he did it).  Needless to say, there were problems.  My parents ended up getting divorced.

I few months after my brother died I met another girl, and things went well for 2 years.  Eventually I proposed to her (at the start of my senior year of college), and I thought everything would turn out well.  A few months before our wedding she broke up with me, because she claimed she met her "soul mate" on Yahoo Chat (yes, fucking yahoo chat).  This was early 2008 (the worst year of my life).

Summer 2008 I tried (unsuccessfully) to kill myself.  Basically I made the "mistake" of calling someone to say my final goodbye and he rushed over and tried to stop me.  This wasn't a call for help attempt or anything, because I woke up that morning I was 100% sure I would be dead by sundown.  I got help, tried to keep going, and moved on.  The rest of the year still sucked but I got through it.

Summer 2009 I met a girl, and everything seemed to be going great.  She eventually moved in with me and I had felt like I had finally found the right person.  Everything seemed great between us for months, we had some rough times, but we helped each other through it.  Then one day (about a month ago) she decides that we're "missing something" and she moves out.

So here I am again, alone and a failure.  I don't want to hurt myself, but I am afraid of how calmly I have been considering it.  In 2008 I was in a full rage during my attempt, but this time I am actually calmly thinking through how I am going to do it.  All the thoughts that keep going through my head are "this will keep happening" and "I am just meant to be alone".  Many of my friends are now married and having kids and here I am by myself.

I know it's rather cliche to want to kill yourself over lost love, but it's so much more than that for me.  All of this just represents my failing as a human being.  I just feel like this will continue to happen for my entire life, and I will always be in this cycle of being extremely happy and extremely hurt.  I'd rather be underground than feel that way again.

Anyone have any suggestions for things to take my mind off this or calm my down?  Music has always been a therapy of mine (I did almost major in musical theory in Uni).  I've been trying to avoid the depressing stuff, because I just makes me feel worse.  For some reason Hayley Williams's (of Paramore) voice has always had a calming affect on me, does anyone know of anything else that could help?

Honestly, I want to live (I think), I just don't know how long I can keep going like this.