A Ten Year Story (Suicidal)Slightly late posting this, as I've been trying to sort some stuff out but I figure it's about time to just come out and talk about this. 

Twelve days ago was my 19th birthday. That day marked ten years since I first tried to commit suicide. 

I was nine years old the first time. Without too much detail, I __________ myself and blacked out (at the time, I assumed that was how death felt). I don't remember much of what happened over the following days. There was a dog barking, then a car ride and some hospital with an oxygen mask and then there was nothing. To this day,  I don't really know how I was found or who "saved" my life, but I am so sad that they did. 

I always read people's stories, to make sense of my own and one of the biggest things I see is that people who survived suicide attempts, regretted doing it. So I've always wondered, why didn't I regret doing it? 

Those ten years have been a total catastrophe of a time. I made one other attempt on my life in that time but again, it failed, using the same method, about 4-5 years on from the first try. 

In the past two years, my life has just totally collapsed. My long-term partner/girlfriend broke up with me, after admitting to cheating on me for months, with six people. She made a fool of me. She used me, "stole" my money (my entire savings of around £7,000) and left. This left me totally heartbroken, I really did love her. 

In that time period, I also came down ill. After being rushed to hospital it turned out I had a spinal infection which has rendered me bound to a wheelchair, likely for the rest of my life. With all of this going on, I wound up dropping out of college, so have no form of higher education either. 

I am currently housebound for the last year and a half, as the wheelchair doesn't fit through the doors of my home; and the disable adapted housing register is empty, and has been empty for an eligible property for around six months; in essence, I feel worthless. 

I cannot make my own food,  I cannot go outside, I cannot go make new friend, I cannot have a relationship, I cannot get to an institute of education, I can't even push myself in a wheelchair (on the rare times a support group takes me out), as the muscles in my back are deformed and my left shoulder self-dislocates with pressure or sudden movement (such as that caused by moving the wheelchair). Effectively, I am a waste of oxygen in my current state.

I've been thinking things through a lot lately, and I honestly think it's my time to go. I'm older now and therefore more knowledgeable about how to succeed at my attempt. I am restricted though to a few options, due to my lack of mobility (it can take me 30+ minutes to get from my room to the kitchen/bathroom). 

And before anyone mentions it - I have tried therapy, many times. I have contacted help lines. I've been to hospital and the doctor. I've had 9 or 10 various medications and painkillers. Nothing helps, I just feel helpless. 

As a result, I have arranged a date and method for this attempt and with any luck, I won't have to go through this misery of failing a third time. 

I really wish I could've succeeded ten years ago, before all of this happened. I really do. I just feel like my entire life is muscle memory and too much practice; I don't feel human. I don't feel loved, I don't feel wanted and I don't feel like I want to exist. 

I'm not sure why I'm writing all of this honestly, I suppose it's mainly due to the lack of people around me, to know, at least someone, saw and acknowledged me, just one time. I'm rambling on a bit now, so I'll stop. I wish whoever read this a very happy life and I want you to live well for me. Experience everything I never could. 

Love, a stranger. 