Life isn't for everyone. If it was no one would die. What I hate the most about life is the lack of advancement. Next in line would be the loneliness but for some reason I also hate being around people. I even have panic attacks when it comes to dealing with people. I think I would know nothing of the outside world if it wasn't or this library and reddit. My greatest accomplishment over the past 9 years is learning how to pick food out of a dumpster that won't make you sick. I have so many problems mentally and physically it won't let me list them all here do to the word limit reddit has set on this box. So I'm starting over. 

I don't want to be around anyone new. I won't want to be around my Dad and he has been dead for 18 years now. I have no record of his life other than my fading memories. I can't remember what he sounds like or what his face looked like. I just remember how much better life was when he was around and how horrible it turned after he died. Same goes for my Mom. I will never forget the day she died. That man she married after Dad really did a number on her with that pipe. 

I've had little use for human interaction after that. I find people to be horrible to be around. Human nature annoys me and the ignorance of most people is upsetting to the point where I would rather be dead than be forced to share this planet with these morons. 

There is no point in waking up tomorrow. I don't like this world or the people in it. Anytime someone says more than 2 sentences to me I just tune them out and day dream.  

I've lost too much to continue on without being a burden on others. People just stand in the way of happiness. The entire situation of life itself is flawed. I have all these wants that I can't fulfill because of the morality and logistical impossibility. 

They won't let me just wonder off into the woods and live the rest of my life by myself. I'm always on someone's land and there is always a reason why I can't be there. I'm always in the way. I'm always a problem. 

I don't want to be apart of this world anymore. The desk is stacked against me. There is no way to advance in life. I've spent the last month contemplating death and now that my body is starting to give out I'm ready to go. I've lost a lot of weight and I black out from time to time. I might as well live in a 3rd world country. I can't afford medical help so therefor I get no medical help. That's just as good as a country that has no medical help. 

Everything is too flawed and reasoning out staying alive doesn't add up in the end. It's too late for me. I'm out of here. 