What to do?Ok so I knew this woman for 11 years through work, so 1/3rd my life! never really thought about her that way except that she was hot! and really nice and cool to be around. She quit the job because management did not give her respect that she was looking for and she can't work somewhere where she can't be respected. They talked about her behind her back a lot apparently.

She had a talk with her family what she was going to do, she end up quitting at the end of July! once I found out she was quitting I literally became depressed...I've known her for 11 years! we threw her a goodbye party, she said she was feeling the love from everyone (everyone loved her there). I wrote her a note and dedicated my first drink to her, she needed time to herself for a second or she was going to cry. Got drunk, drove her home, we hugged, I asked her for her phone number but she said to ask her on facebook. Once she was gone I stopped talking to everyone...depressed, crying, etc.

Then a week later I asked her if she was getting her high school, she was getting it online (not anymore though), so I told her you get your HS and i'll drop my weight and she agreed. I'm no longer depressed! working my ass off for a month trying to lose weight and manage to lose 35 pounds in that month! finally hit under 200 for the first time since my early 20's!

Start getting depressed again, she's not talking to me much on FB either...take off FB for a month, come back and a week later one of the coolest guys I know quits and the people at my work don't invite me to his goodbye party, I get REALLY depressed and i'm ready to end my life now..announce on my FB i'm thinking of killing myself! then that woman messages me to message her ASAP and wants my phone number to chat on the phone or meet for a coffee! told her not right now, just to text so we text 2 times a day every day for a few weeks.

We meet up for a coffee and talk for 4 hours! our texting drops to once every 3 days, we meet up again later for another coffee for an hour and a doctors visit to talk about my problem! then for a walk along the water and sit at a rock, she does some yoga and sits next to me looking at me but i'm staring at the water, but I can see her staring at me from the corner of my eye. We walk some more, then drives me home. An hour later I write "it's a great day" on my FB, she writes "it's a good day" and didn't realize what I wrote and that she NEVER posts updates on her facebook! It's Sept 9th at the time, she already knows how much I appreciate her and we had our arms around eachother a few times as we walked as we are just friends. I got my anti depressants the next day at work...

A week later she comes back to the docs with me, but no coffee...she wanted to know if we would meet up or not but I was overdosing on the anti depressants and felt like SHIIIIT so I said to just meet at the docs. She gets to the docs, I tell him I took all 30 anti depressants in the 6 days I had them, even though I only took 15, but I wanted another 30 so I can overdose on 45 and hopefully die. He takes my blood pressure and it's 200/99 so he calls for an ambulance to pick me up and I spend 5 hrs in the hospital! She came with me but she was not sure if she should come or not, so I told her only if you want to come then come so she did. She stayed for 45 minutes, her birthday was the next day (37) and her family planned a supper for her the day I was in the hospital but that was 3 hours from the time she left. I told her a few days later my REAL motive for getting more pills...so I can overdose and die! she tells me to tell the doc the truth! and we are friends for life as I was asking if she was mad and didn't wanna continue the friendship anymore.

Now she's texting me once a week! and only for like 5 minutes to check in quickly? I visit her the beginning of Oct at her new job, she wants to meet up a few weeks after when I visit the doctor by myself next and I talked to her when I could for a few hrs at her job, so I visit the doc and tell him the truth that I wanted to overdose and die and tell him I wont do it again! so he gives me the paper to get another 30 pills, but once again I have lied...my new plan was to get 4 months worth of pills and take a fatal dose, but I'll explain later.

Like I said, she only texts once a week now...I made her cry when she found out I saved someones life by donating 5 grand to someone I have not seen since I was a kid and that she told me I have a sweet soul and an angel. Told her I would do the same for her if she ever needed help anytime and that I meant it, always. Told her I would come back with a few guys from work in a few weeks but that was 3 weeks ago...I literally can't stand life anymore and I've been more depressed NOW that I have ever been! can't stop thinking about her for one...also life stuff I wont get into.

Thursday the 13th I felt like I had a MAJOR meltdown. Also was on the phone with these mental health people and I was all drunk and crying and I kid you not, even the woman on the other end was crying...I got so drunk after the phone call and was ready to ovderdose on my 30 pills I still have. We were supposed to meet for our 3rd coffee that Saturday but her phone got wet and died and because I deleted my facebook she had no way to reach me. 

Last Saturday I was about to end my life in my room with a knife to my throat but I got a text from her to tell me her sister did not give birth yet and a buddy text me what happened to him and I got a thank you card for saving that womans life, so as much as I wanted to I could not do it...I tried! I really tried...could not do it, but maybe soon? I text the woman back the next day, she still wants to meet up but I told her when she's not busy! I REALLY wanna help her reach a goal of hers but it's a lot of money and I don't think she will let me, but I don't care about money, I make plenty...i'll work to make her happy! just don't give a shit about myself...

I feel so alone...no matter what people say to me, even that girl back in Sept said she will help me if I need it but It seems she was only around to help me with the doctors part back in Sept. Now I feel like we are drifted apart as our texting is pretty much done it seems like. But I still feel so alone and disconnected, even after all these months. I'm in tears writing this....I just wish my life was over and i'm not worth anything to anybody! I spend 99% of my day sitting infront of my PC wishing people would text me or want to hang out, but it never happens. I also wish I was closer with that woman and she wanted me around...she has no idea of how I feel except that I feel bad. Wish I had the strength and guts to just just end it all, even if nothing happens when you die...better then this.