you could literally do whatever you want, you know that? and how unfair it is?oh I've tried, believe me I've tried. I *want* to believe in the ideal. Age is just a number, the right girl will see you for who you are, personality is better than looks, fake it till you make it, none of the fun matters as much as looking for the 'one', etc etc. ugh it makes me want to throw up just thinking about it.

I literally feel physically ill. I think the next person that tells me one of the above or says it in earshot I might fucking deck.

Life isn't fair. Life is so the opposite that what is the point to it? Well it's our job to MAKE it fair in an unfair world. To make people happier, safer, brighter. Words I used to live by.

It's too much pressure. I can't. Not when my own needs aren't ever met. I can't do it anymore, any of it. Beautiful people, *stumbling* into things I've worked years for with nothing to show for it. TRIPPING over things a few beers in that I could never in a million years experience. Never had the chance to. Not rich, not smart, not great looking. And because of all that I choked asking out the most amazing girl friend I've had, had a shot last night and blew it - blew it for myself, because who wants this? This balding, 30-something chubby kind fool who thought he had a chance if he just kept trying.

You stupid, stupid bastard. Everyone says you're so nice and you're going to make them so sad for a while with this. You can't but you know someday you will. Tomorrow or 20 years later, you will. You'll do it. You'll do it when you've finally had enough. When you've wasted enough time that you can look back on it and KNOW, rather than suspect, that you'll do nothing but waste it forever. So why not?

Why not?

It would hurt less. You stupid, kind, infinitesimally-small little fool. You are so so tired and tiring, with your bullshit. Life marches on. It's unfair because it has to be. If it were fair the world would lurch to a stop with you but it won't, it can't, because true fairness is an illusion. You work with what you got till you can't, and some people have more closed doors than others.

The world goes on, people survive, Earth continues to rotate, and that's good.

It's good that things aren't missed too bad. Good that pain fades. Maybe not for all, maybe I'll fuck up a sibling or close friend, but I'll have to accept that it's a nice possibility at least.

I can't keep this up forever. And I need it to stop on my terms.

Let me make this one decision. Let me finally follow through. If I can't with someone who I'd want to spend the rest of my life with, let me decide how to end it.

Pull the curtain, M. Pull it and your pressure's finally gone. The play's finally done, you can stop worrying about all the empty seats. PULL IT. Please.