Potential for better times my fucking ass. (3)Week 1

Therapy makes me feel like shit. Every time I go, I come out more exhausted and depressed. Not thinking at all is how I cope with things. Therapy makes me think, not in a constructive way either. It just brings my problems to the front of my mind again. I can't stand it. Let me be mindless, let me not think, let me get by as painlessly as possible before I work up the courage to commit suicide. 

Stop asking me to wait and see. Potential for better times my fucking ass. The only way I can see my future is a slow descent into increasing mental instability. 

I'm this close to quitting everything, all I have to do is let go. All I have to do is fucking let go. Why don't I have the courage?

&amp;#x200B;

Week 2

Something interesting came out of therapy, the idea of having a "meta" thought process. The idea that I feel consistently shittier but around that, I feel neutral. I'm neutral all the time. It doesn't make sense really. Thinking about how I feel in this frame of mind doesn't change how shit I feel at all. 

I've begun feeling more annoyance with the outside world. Everyone. I shouldn't feel annoyed, rather, it should be the other way around. 

I've only had one truly happy time in my life. Who knows if it was happiness though, I was drunk. It was the alcohol. 

Every day is shit and every upcoming day is even shittier than the last. 

&amp;#x200B;

Week 3 

I don't want to interact with anyone. I want to rot away in isolation. 

I heard about how in some cases sleep deprivation makes depressed people happier. I feel no different after staying up until the early morning. When at my lowest, I don't want to ever sleep again. Right now, I don't ever want to sleep again.

I want isolation, and yet I'm lonely. I seek compliments, but when I am complimented, I am disgusted by the compliment. 

I exercise escaspism to an extreme extent. I sink into it, denying the reality of my situation. When things get too real for my mind to handle, I break down. I crumble into dust. 

I follow a self destructive cycle. I escape whenever I can.  Every time I go out and try to see things as they are, I want to go right back in. And when I'm inside, all I want is to get out. "The grass is always greener on the other side", but there really is no "green grass" at all. There's no way out of this cycle. 

&amp;#x200B;

Week 4

There's simply no reason to wake up every morning. 

I've begun to accept that there's attainable way to commit suicide without some degree of pain. It's about time for me to adjust to the fact and plan accordingly. 

I want to kill myself. 

Plans: I want to donate everything I can before I go. Body parts, blood, plasma, anything that can be taken. Then, at least my life wouldn't have been a complete waste of resources. It would also serve the purpose of weakening my body, minimizing the chance of failure as much as possible. 

&amp;#x200B;

People that would be affected the most: 

Parents (2) - Good people individually but horrible parents. I appreciate the amount of money you spent on me. Think long and hard about what went wrong and grow as people from it. You never should have married and become parents. 

William (1) - Thanks for the only happy time in my life that I can remember. That time in my life was more important to me than you know. You know how I think better than anyone, though that doesn't mean all that much. I can't thank you enough, I appreciate your existence, even though you might not. I wish you the best of luck.

Eric (.5) - I don't know if you would even know if I ended it. We're not as close as we once were, and we barely talk now. However, you were my best friend of 3 years. I don't think you care much about me anymore, but I wish we were still the best of friends. You helped me grow up, god, I don't even know how you tolerated the me of 3 years ago. I apologize for my lack of maturity. Thank you for the late nights and stupid moments. I'm sorry. 

Everyone else that I have interacted with (.5) - How does it feel? Maybe this will spur on some deep thoughts about mental health. You probably won't forget me, but you'll now remember me as my suicide first, then my name. You'll probably think you knew me far better than you actually did. You'll say some bullshit about potential wasted and move on relatively quickly. Perhaps, worst case scenario, you'll think of me when you think of suicide yourself. 

&amp;#x200B;

Total: 4. The average is 6 isn't it? 

&amp;#x200B;

Words don't work well. I type out a sentence and contradict myself in the next.