If you're not a social butterfly you're fuckedI always had trouble fitting in. I had a bunch a weird quirks that make most people run for the door. I'm the guy who people don't understand at first. 

I thought it would only affect my social life. Boy was I wrong. 

I did everything right. I majored in a difficult subject, maintained a decent gpa, got involved om design projects and even got an internship.  I remember people hounding me that I needed to get one, as if I didn't know better, but the truth is it was extremely difficult for me get that internship. 

I remember going to a couple clubs regularly to get an officer/leadership position. The current officers knew I was reliable and involved but it came down to votes and I simply didn't wow the people. 

I spent my entire spring break sending out applications and tailoring resumes. Practicing for the interview and researching companies. After 2 year of searching I finally found one. I was thankful because I almost didn't get one. 

Meanwhile most people seem to just get handed internships and jobs. They just ask their massive circle of friends and bam an internship. They either have 3 summer internships or 1 internship they work at for years. 

I remember one girl at an engineering society just show up for elections and win out. She never showed up again and now has "leadership" experience all for doing nothing. 

Same thing with jobs. It doesn't matter that their gpa is below a 3 or that they got a dui. Their friends put in a good word and before they graduate they have a job lined up. 

For me it is an uphill battle. Proving to people that I am good enough. One misstep means not getting the offer. I've been at it for half a year and still do not have something lined up. I graduated in May with an engineering degree and am afraid that it will become useless. 

It doesn't end there. 

With girls it is the same thing. Being more popular means having more people introduce you to a bunch of girls. Sure you can cold approach or go online but it is never as effective as having a friend tell them that you're a great guy. Sure the high school football player got fat but at least he has charm so he will have a hot girlfriend and wife. 

Meanwhile the nerd who got into bodybuilding still struggles because he can only rely on online and cold approach. 

Sure I was able to find a girlfriend online (i regularly weight lift and eat right) but it took a couple months of dating either weirdos, or great catches who have so many options that they decide against it. 

As we get older it gets harder to find the right one. The good girls get taken while more and more of the dating pool consists of single mothers, sluts, and fat girls. 

I'm afraid of growing old alone and living a lonley life. Like those 6 month old Japanese corpses found in apartments because no one cares for them. 

Dying now at least I would have my parents, aunts uncles and cousins at my death bed. Maybe some friends. When I'm 80 I may just be alone. 
