The only thing stopping me is Mom and my friendsI'm pretty sure I have depression, though it hasn't been diagnosed. 

I'm in college. Ever since high school I've always been fucking up in at least one class. I don't have finals, since all of my classes are project-based. I haven't gone to class in weeks and it'd take a miracle to pass. 

I hate myself because I actually really like my professors and enjoyed myself in class, and even then I still found myself blowing off and not doing the work. 

At this point you'd have to point a gun at me to make me contact my professors because I'm so scared and ashamed and I don't know what to do or what do say. 

I routinely fantasize either hanging myself or blowing my brains out. 

The only reason I don't is because Mom's older brother killed himself when he was 16 and I don't want to make her go through that again. That and I don't want to hurt my friends and the rest of my family. 

I don't know what to do. I know what I want to do with my life but I don't know how I'm not going to just keep fucking it up. How can I do anything if I can't even do stuff I enjoy doing, much less parts of a class or degree or job or anything that I actively dislike? 

I hate myself even more because literally all of my classmates would love to have what I've had. Dad has a nice job as an engineer. Not rich, but never worried about where my next meal was coming from. My middle and high school was a block from public housing. Several of my classmates live there. One of them was homeless for most of middle school, and when he was younger he was molested or sexually abused. I'm not sure, because I happened to find out by being in the same room when he was talking about it to something else and I didn't feel like I was a close or good enough friend to pry about traumatic shit like that. 

He's going to college on a full ride. My older brother's double majoring on a full ride. Everyone else in my life's going places. I'm the fuckup. I have all this stuff going for me and I'm still ruining it.

I'm pretty sure I'll end up homeless or the person they always talk about in cautionary tales. You know, the guy who's in his 40s and working a dead-end minimum wage job. Probably the former though, because the latter can at least hold down a job. 

I hate myself and I don't know what to do. I won't kill myself. I don't really have the means nor do I have the will. I'm more than capable of ruining my life though. I honestly don't know why I'm making this. Feel like a jackass fishing for sympathy.