My girlfriend killed herself last night. I think I'm going to tooMy girlfriend that I love so very much took her own life last night. She was my best friend and was with me every moment of every day for a very long time. I feel so guilty and like I could have prevented this because earlier in the week before it happened, I had been dealing with her depression and she wouldn't stop taken Xanax which only made the situation way worse. She had been dealing with depression for a long time but this week was so much different. She just wasn't her. Earlier in the week she had gone to the doctor to get her script for Xanax refilled. At the time I didn't think about her depression and she hadn't taken them for months, so I didn't think she would abuse them. But as soon as she started taken them, she immediately started getting super depressed. And only about a day after getting the script she was already threatening to kill herself and was buying more off the street. The first time she attempted to kill herself she texted me and told me she was going to kill herself so I called into work and drove to where she was (her grandparents) so I could comfort her and when I walked in she was playing with guns and swallowing pills from her grandparents medicine cabinet. Somehow that day I got her to calm down but for some reason I didn't tell her grandparents or family as I was afraid of what would happen to her. Me and my sister told her that we could get her help and would take her to the hospital but she refused. As soon as she woke up the next day, she was already back to abusing pills and was going to her aunts to "clear her mind". As soon as she got to her aunts, she immediately stole her aunts pills and told me and in fear of her doing something to herself told her aunt and her aunt when she got off work took the pills and also found out she stole money. Her aunt was very upset with her and my girlfriend was so upset because she looked up to her aunt and she was blacked out on Xanax and didn't even remember doing any of it. This night I went ahead and told her family that she had a problem and needed help soon or else I feared for her safety. When she got back, she said she was going to get help and go to rehab and stop doing pills. I believed her. I believed every single word she told me. One day went by and she seemed to be doing fine but then by the end of the night she had told me she bought more Xanax. I lost my cool and exploded on her and we got into a huge fight and I made her leave. I was so mean to her because I was upset that she had bought more xans after telling me she would stop and get help. She went back to her grandparents and was texting me and I was the biggest asshole ever, but I never thought in a million years she would kill herself because she had been depressed for a long time but never actually did anything like this. She walked out to her grandparents cow shed with a pistol and sent me a picture saying I figured out how to use it and sent me a picture with it in her month. Right away I called the police but for some reason I decided to go to sleep because I had to work early and didn't think she would actually kill herself. By the time they got there it was too late and she had already taken her own life. I'm so heart broken I should have forced her to go to the hospital. I should have never made her go home that night and should never have gotten as mad as I did. I should have never gone to sleep thinking nothing would happen. I tried so hard to get her help and told her everyday I loved her and would do anything in my power to get her the help she so rightfully deserved. I don't know what I'm going to do without her. I need her by my side and now that she isn't I just want to end my life as well. I want to be with her so bad. I can't eat and last night sleeping was impossible. I was told by the sheriffs at work the next day that she had passed away. As soon as they showed up I asked them if she was okay and I knew something bad had happened. The sheriff talked to me for awhile asked what happened and I explained everything I had gone through. Then at the end of me explaining, he said I'm sorry to tell you this and I don't know a better way to do so but she passed away last night. I cried so hard and my entire world feels like it has come to an end. He tried to comfort me by saying it seems like you tried doing everything you could and some people just don't want the help. But I know I could have helped her and saved her life had I not set my phone down and fell asleep. I should have been nice and drove out there. She needed me so bad. I can't believe my actions and how fed up I had gotten. She would still be here right now had I drove out there and told her to stop and that I love her. My life feels ruined and it will never be the same. I want to be with her....I think I'm going to be. I feel so guilty too because she only knew what Xanax was because I had shown her months before and got high with her off them for days. But even then she wasn't like this. Man I'm so lost I don't want this anymore. I made the biggest mistake of my life by being mean and putting my phone down and acting like I didn't care. This will eat me alive forever if I don't do it myself. Fuck my life and existence. I miss her and I need her. She understood my depression so well and I fucked up. And it breaks my heart so much that when she made this decision she was fucked up on Xanax. I'm broken my heart literally hurts and I'm only 19 and just lost my dad a year ago. I can't believe she's gone. Idk what to do. Sorry for the poor English I gave up right away as I'm so depressed and can't even think straight 