Nothing helps my thoughts and fantasies of suicideNo kind words, no supportive messages, no positive events, not a goddamn thing.  They're all temporary highs just to end back in a pit of depression.  I graduate from high school; cool, happy, dont care.  I start making $14/hr fresh out of high school working my dream job; cool, happy, stoked, back into suicidal ideation.  I get a project car to keep myself busy; cool, have fun, back into depression.



Nothing fuckin helps.  Ever.  It always comes back.  It always sticks around.  It's always sittin in the back of my head waiting for the tiniest crack in my shield so it can blast through and go "hey fuckface it's about time you killed yourself, eh?  Here's a million ways you can do it, get to thinkin".  It don't matter who tells me it'll get better.  It dont matter who's there to support me.  It don't matter what good things happen in my life and it fucking pisses me off.  I  shouldn't be feeling like this.  I've got a pretty damn good life and here I am thinking I'd be better off 6 foot under, and that just makes me hate myself even more.



I think a big part of it is I isolated myself from other people so much and for so long that I just don't know how to feel anything else.  And if that's the case it's only going to get milestones worse now that I'm done with school and aren't forced to interact with people my age.  I've got like 2 close friends, but I will never willingly just hang out.  I don't know how to.  If I don't keep myself busy or occupied with some kind of work, my mind races down the "they don't really like you" road and doesn't come back.  I sweat buckets, my heart pounds so hard it feels like it's gonna rip out my chest, I stumble over damn near every other word versus like once a sentence cause I don't know how to socialize.  Everyone says I'm a hard worker, that I got good work ethic, that I'm dedicated, when all it boils down to is that I'm too fuckin scared to do anything *but* work cause if I don't my mind takes over and the suicidal dreams begin and don't fuckin stop.



I'm scared.  I'm tired.  I just want it all to end.