My first ever Reddit post and it's this...Right away i'm gonna say this: my death at this point can't be avoided only thing that changes is the time it's gonna happen. And by the look of things it's going to be soon. I'm pretty much homeless at this point, i'm broke and have huge debs to remind me of my mistakes. In fact as i'm writing this i have -1544,48€ in my bank account. All my debs added up comes to 3400-3500€. I have no job and no education. I can find a job but max i can expect in the city i'll be living for a while is 500€ after taxes. Ofc i will need to pay for food, rent will be free for a while but it comee at diffrent price... I have a dog but she's not trained to be home alone yet and in the flat i'll be living there's my sick grandma who had head surgery (tumor) and if she barks it might cause my granma to have a ceisure. I'll be living with my mom who well let's just say isin't proud of my situacion and reminds me that every chanse she gets. I'm here for two days yet we haven't had an hour that we can talk like two normal human beeings. I try my best yet there's always a reason to shout. Tooday all i did is helped her and all i tryed to say was: "what's next?", " can i help?" or "i can do it". Yet still i'm the worst that ever existed. And for the grand finale my uncle lives in same apartment and he is someone who has his place in hell set. Just to help you wrap your head around what kind of person he is here's few facts: he was in jail then he was ~16 because of multiple thefts, he's an alchoholic and he becomes aggresive then he drinks. He knows how to get anyone to brake. For example last time we met he wanted to shake my hand. I knew it's a trap but i had no choise but to do it. Then he started holding my hand with force and screaming into my face all his bs... He worked nost of his life as a builder so he has power to hold you as long as he wants. That conversation ended with him spitting to my face and walking off. If any of you think that not shaking his had was an option it would be the same and he would use it as a reasoning for his actions. Ofc he's not always there, only weekends but he will be drinking with his friends who are just like him... Calling the cops doest work because the apartment we live in was old and he did some renovations (looks pathetic knowing he worked as a builder for YEARS). So then he's drunk he thinks my mom wants to get grandmaas apartment and always tretens to burn it down. He hates my mom with all his being and then it comes to me - double it. And if you call the cops he acts like he's asleap and as soon as they leave then it's back to drinking... He's calmer but then all he does is either awoid or walk around and mumble insults. And the fact that i got a dog will make him flip out for sure... This is going to be my living conditions for next year. This or bridge. I want to live i really do. But that will be existing, waiting for this to end will kill me first. Why should i go trow all my of this just to get back on my feet? And there's IF in there to... I really think tommorow i'm gonna make an excuse to go to walk the dog and just end it. 

P. S. Sorry for bad english