Not sure what's happeningI'm just a fairly average teenager (16). I grew up seeking his attention and approval, which only earned me some contrived diatribe about how "fucking stupid" I am.  Today, I realize how hard he works and everything as the sole provider, but I cannot respect or forgive him for some of the things he has done to me.  My "condition" as I would like to call it started in middle school when (long story short) my best friend lied to me, backstabbed me for some girl he ended up cheating on anyways, and spread lies about me that effectively reduced the number of my friends to a modest 0. At that time I was also the "councilor" for an entire group of angsty teens that was going through middle school drama but worse, with some severe cutting and plenty of things to worry about for them.  I slipped into a hormone-induced "depression" where I would cry just about every day for a few months, and would often stand on my house's balcony with a noose around my neck while everyone was out. I never talked to anyone, and nobody ever talked to me.  I eventually improved to the point where I could function and laugh, but with a underlying sadness that I couldn't shake.  About a year and a half later in freshman year of high school after about 3 or 4 rejections from girls. Freshman year, I was feeling pretty good until the first dance of the year when my "date" ditched me for another guy and ended up making out with him while I sat alone. That year, I became so dysfunctional that I couldn't even go to school or play sports in periods of about 3 days at a time. I again stood over the same balcony with the same noose around my neck or a knife to my throat several times. I eventually improved to a functional point again, but with the same underlying sadness that I could never get rid of. This time the sadness didn't just linger, it grew. And my method of dealing with it was to dull my emotions, now to the point where I am awkward as fuck and with very dulled emotions (if they can be called "emotions" at this point).  Cut to this past week, I worked up the strength to ask a girl that I've know for forever and liked for a long time to the homecoming dance, which is a week after the SAT, which I have taken classes for 3 months for. In the end, I asked her whether or not to go as friends, which is all she wants to go as.  I hate all of my friends, am nervous as fuck for the SAT, and this seemed to be the last straw. My "depression" is back, and it just seems that I can get within a hairsbreadth of suicide over the mere thought of spilled milk, but I can feel almost even good at times also.  Something in my head constantly tells me I'm worthless and should just die.  Why can't I deal with stress?  I feel like I should just kill myself and save everyone else the hassle of dealing with me.

EDIT: I have talked to a few people about it since sophomore year, but it hasn't helped much.