I have seen all there has to be seenI've seen what this life has to offer. I understand what concepts it has to offer and I don't think I can be a part of it any longer.  

The only things I enjoy in this life are indulging my base desires.  Drinking, smoking/drugs(I wish I could but I don't cause I need a job), sex I want but don't have, caffeine binges, being an asshole, disobeying authority and not doing my job/knowing my place. I wonder too much about what other people expect of me and don't do anything that I really want to do. I drink, mooch off my parents. I've already graduated and decided I didn't want to use my degree, and now who will give me a chance?

I'm about to be unemployed and drain all my savings trying to find a job that isn't working at McDonalds or Walmart.  I hate people, I hate talking, conversations, dating.

I say why try, and sometimes think, why not try? But I don't have an answer.  I just find myself utterly incapable of doing things I really think I want to.

All my friends have some sort of direction or job, going to school to better themselves. I'm afraid of more debt as I've almost gotten rid of mine. Shouldn't a Bachelor's be enough to get a decent job?  I have no real skills or knowledge.

I hated my life when I had a job that was related to my degree, but now I hate my life that I have no direction which makes me think about trying to get back into the career field. 

I realize that staying away from substances for a bit might do me some good, but I can't make it two days without having a craving and caving.

I hate people, but I also am afraid of them. Defense mechanism?

Sometimes I get an idea of what I want to do with my life and then my dreams get subverted by my friends.  Wanted to try and open a brewery with one and he decided he didn't really want to do it.  Wanted to get into TV/Film with another friend and he changed majors.

I think I need to move out and away, but then I'd feel bad.  I'd somehow feel worse to abandon my friends and family.  I'd feel worse if my grandparents died or something happened to my family and I was too far away to be near when it all went down.  At what point does this become about what I want and not what people expect of me anymore?  When do I make that seemingly selfish leap?

Music and substances are the only thing that make sense to me in life.

Anyway, I think I'll stop there, because I could go on forever. I always toyed with the idea of ending it, but this summer picked a date. I doubt I'll follow through which just means I'll continue trudging through this miserable existence I've created for myself. 