Seeing someone you love walk on the same path is dreadful. I need help helping my little toastette.My mom isthe kind of maniac who justify her every actions, and blame everything on others. Unfortunately, my dad did a terrible mistake of quitting his job for her sake back when I was born, so that she can step up her career; which he regrets and reminds every fuking time I got the chance to be with him. She thinks that since technically she has the best job in the family, she has the audacity to look at everyone like trash, at least that applies on me, my dad, and my sister. It is fuking incredible how she is all humble and kind to the eye of outsiders and others relatives that I want to puke. It is unthinkable to me how one could be so cruel to her own spouse and children while simulately treating everyone else like they are her dad. She has never comfort any of us when we are sad or needed help. All we ever had for comfort are barrage of insults and yell. Imagine living with Sergent Hartman since birth. Not once did the conversation on our table not included school, and not once did she sastified with any of our achievement. Our household is like a big room in Orwell’s 1984 where everything is controlled by her, all informations are passed through her, all decisions are justed through her, and all justices are defined by her. Big Mother knows all, always watching, listening, waiting for a moment which we slipped our mouth and complains; just to be greet by a volley of yell, and self-victimization for shame.
We have no dreams, since none are deemed suitable to her standard.
My sister has grown into the age of 11 which she started to has her shit and depression. I know how my mom’s shit is adding up fuel to the fire and I tried to do something. Well, my mom is more of a senseless being than I thought. In the end, all I can teach my sister now is to suck up her tears, and find something to jog up her brain. To me, sugar (from burnt toast XD) and andrenalin are what I am comfort with. God knows what are her’s. 
It’s dreadful. I want to die now, but I want to make my mom suffers even more. I want her to feels the same cold and hollwed world I am in. However, my sis is out of the question. She is all that is good left in my house. My dad is just a hopeless lump of regrets who is too afraid of breaking his little lovely family. I can’t rely on him. I need some where for my sis to be when I brought down this bad shit crazy of a place called home. I want her to have what i dont have, a future.