Writing has never been my thing. And idk why I even am postingI've never been the person whose been able to write down their thoughts, or even know what they were thinking or feeling. I don't think I've ever written a paper in my whole career of schooling that's gone half a page over the required minimum. But somehow I found it in my self that I wanted to make my 5th Reddit post ever in a sub that I thought I'd never be a part of. This is probably the first thing I've vollenterily written ever. I typed all of this about 5 minutes ago and it all got deleted and now writing it again I don't even give a fuck enough to try to spell words correctly or even close enough for autocorrect to know what I mean. I have the most perfect life that anyone could ever ask for. I have perfect parents and a girlfriend I'm in love withand friends that would kill ifi asked them to.I shouldn't feel miserable. But I do. Almost always. I canteven begin to describe how bad I feel that my girlfriend is afraid to suggest things to do because almost all of them I shut down and say they wouldn't be fun to do. I don't enjoy anything or anyone like I used to. I play video games almost 24/7 just so the time I have left in this world can pass quickly as possible. I don't really know how to tell everyone that I'm not okay. I don't know how to start the conversation. "Hey mom. Hey dad. I know you give me the perfect life but I'm fucking miserable and I hate everything." And the same reason that keeps me from telling them that is the same reason I've been able yo hang on this far. I don't even want to imagine the hurt in their eyes. I've dreamt many times of their reaction to finding my body lifeless in my room, and I wake up in tears every time. I can't go through watching the sadness and disappointment in their eyes knowing that one of their children is suffering enough to even consider suicide as an option. I don't know why I'm here. I don't know where I'm going. I don't know why I do anything at all. I don't even know who I am or what I care about. What kind of person can't even know how they are feeling. Its not right at all. I get upset and afraid and frustrated without ever knowing why. I shouldn't be like this. I shouldn't have to search my brain so hard to answer questions like "what's your dream house?". I don't know what I want from life and I never have. I can't remember anything I've wanted to be as a kid. I never had an answer to "what do you want to be when you grow up?" I would tell people I wanna be a firefighter to just get then off my back. A kid shouldn't do that. I should know what I want out of life, or at least have the slightest idea. I don't know where I'm heading and I'm finding it hard to picture my life 6 months from now. So where the fuck will I be in a year? I don't know how much longer I can hang on. I don't know how many times I can sit and think of the faces of my friends and family before I consider suicide. I can't suffer forever to please everyone else. It just can't work. I don't know how this will all end I don't know where I'm going or what I'm doing or how to go on I'm so fucking scarred. My life is perfect, I should be happy. I should be fucking happy