I can't care anymore, I just want to give up.I'll start by saying that I don't want to hurt myself, but the desire to not want to be alive is starting to outweigh that and I don't know what to do. I just pretty much hate everything about life. As a side note, I've always thought there's been something wrong in my head, as have others that knew me a little better, but I've never been diagnosed with anything. Also, 22/M/US

I've never had any family support other than financial, as everyone on both sides of my family hates each other so I've always just stayed out of it. As far as friends go, I never really had any because up until about 10th grade I was a prime target for getting picked on/bullied even though I was capable of standing up for myself for the most part. Then some shit happened. Long story short, I was essentially forced to have sex with a girl who promptly told everyone I pretty much raped her, and then everyone went back to hating me, because no one wanted to believe me anyway. I've been over the events themselves, but not so much the repercussions.

Because of all that I've never really had any sort of social life. I went to a community college where I didn't meet anyone and got screwed over for 2.5 years before transferring to a private 4 year college, across the country. I had my chance to start over, but the problem was I didn't know where to start. I got stuck in with a group of guys who were alright, but I just really didn't fit in. Because of my past, I'm a pretty quiet, introverted person, and they were quite the opposite. I tried to fit in (without trying to be someone I'm not), meet people at parties, etc. but to no avail.

I learned that no one liked me when I was depressed (which was all the time), so I tried to be happy, act happy, and as much as I want to say it helped, it really didn't make any difference at all in the end. Now I'm at a point where there's just too much going on and I just don't have the energy to pretend anymore, but I obviously don't wanna go back to being obviously depressed all the time.

At the risk of sounding like a total dick, I just really don't like the vast majority of people. I'm pretty smart, so sometimes I realize that people may not be up to my level of knowledge, which I get, but the lack of common sense, decency, respect, etc. I see in most people really pisses me off. I also don't like talking to people in groups because you really only get to know someone 1-on-1. The main character in the movie [God Bless America](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1912398/) does a good job of capturing how I feel.

Where I'm at, if I had one person (ideally a girlfriend/wife) with a good relationship that would last the rest of my life, I'd be happy, but I know I can't just base everything off of that. I'm a total failure in any sort of social situation (I either pretend which I hate with a passion, or worse, just completely freeze). Because of that I don't see how I'm going to get anywhere in life. I'd have to really change myself at a deep level to better get along with people, but at the same time if I change myself I'm not going to like who I am. I just want to give up because I'll never be happy.

TL;DR: I don't think I'll ever be happy, and I just want to give up.

Have to go to class, may edit later.

Premature edit: I've tried counseling, and that hasn't helped either. 
