I will likely die this weekend.Hello to anyone who reads this. Don't really know why I'm making a post here but then again I've not known what I'm doing for most of the past few years. Let me tell you my story. I'm a 24 year old introverted Englishman from Yorkshire specifically. My life has been nothing more than a series of betrayals, fails and heartbreak. Been betrayed by many whom I thought were my friends and heck even some family members. It's gotten to the point where I can barely trust anyone. This goes back to my Secondary school days which is where my severe depression began. I didn't have bad grades or anything but I didn't feel any sense of accomplishment for anything I did. Then my childhood friends had some kind of falling out over a girl. I wasn't there when it happened but it hurt me to see the once close friends fighting. One of them committed suicide a short while later. At 15 I was ambushed on the street and attacked from behind by a group of 5 people all in their 20s. I was nearly stabbed to death. I became more agoraphobic after this. In college I met a friend whom I helped through the death of his father. I didn't know this until he told me a year after college had ended. Then I went to Uni. I can't really describe how I felt during Uni but it was like I really didn't want to be there. I couldn't concentrate on anything. I did try my best to complete the tasks that I was given but there were too many problems that I couldn't solve. During this time I visited Japan and developed a crush on a girl there. I shyly tried to ask her out but was rejected and my heart sank. More betrayals followed and I completed a course to become an English teacher. I left for Japan again a year after my previous visit hoping to stay there permanently. I came into contact with the same girl as before and we hung out for a while. This led to my second rejection. Feeling alone, isolated and heartbroken I returned to my family in England. I had never felt like more of a let-down. I lost more friends in the year that followed and I got worse and worse. I became a shut-in as things kept falling apart and I felt helpless. Eventually I met a girl online via Discord who told me that I was the reason she hadn't committed suicide after talking to her. I fell for this girl completely and utterly. But she was cynical of guys online as she had terrible times with online dating before I had met her. After 4 months of talking I confessed my feelings to her. She blocked me without saying goodbye. This broke me completely. I wrote a suicide letter addressed to her which she will never read. There is no happiness in my life only pain and suffering. I have thought things through and know what I shall do. If you've read this, thank you for listening to my pathetic story and I hope that you don't end up like me.