"I've survived a lot of things, and I'll probably survive this." But just in case....I am not a fan for walls of text so I will try to keep this as concise as possible so as not to lose the attention of those who decide to read this story. I am not entirely sure how to begin this so I suppose I shall initiate the story with the current events and then drift off into a narration of my past and the events that lead to the present one domino at a time. 

Present day:
I have decided to end my story on a cliffhanger, I suppose you could say. Not the usual cliffhanger that makes one angry at the creator of such a vile way to manipulate one's emotions, such as the 'Southland' series finale cliffhanger. I intend, and hope, that it is more of a "hopeful" cliffhanger, somewhat similar to the cliffhanger of 'Inception' where there is that nagging belief that perhaps all is well rather than the, quite possible and far grimmer, alternative. I intend for the people I know that decide to look back and remember me to remember me fondly. To say, "He had so much going for him. I just know he would have been successful and done big things and changed people's lives had he made it." I hope that is how I will be remembered rather than as a pathetic piece of shit that squandered his gifts and became a drug addict that could not have overdosed soon enough. The way things are currently, the latter will be how I am remembered if I survive this night. Now for the back story. 


The back story:
I was always a sad looking person growing up. In fact, if I was not smiling for the camera, just about every picture of me looks as though I am going through severe mental distress. Even as an elementary schooler, that is how my pictures came out. It seems as though I have been sad my entire life but only recently have I realized it. Growing up, life was simply a continuous  sequence of "Fuck yous" with minute amounts of "I'll let you be happy for nows" littered in there occasionally. Being in a military family, we moved around often and I found that I never fit in at any of my new surroundings. I always had friends but, like many that read this can probably relate to, I never felt like I belonged or like they were TRULY my friends. I felt like more of a close acquaintance that was there for convienence. If it was not convienent for them to hang out there was no attempting to make things work out like I would always do. Essentially, I made time for everyone to avoid the loneliness and nobody made time for me because of the inconvienence. This did not make for a childhood conducive to adequate mental health. I soon began to feel as though I was not important enough for people and I would simply exist as a background character in everybody's stories. That is until my greatest "I'll let you be happy for now." After moving from state to state, we finally settled into the state I now call home, and my mental health began to skyrocket as if it was California during the gold rush. I started to slowly allow myself to believe that I now belonged, and I cemented that belief with what I call "The Fairy-tale." 


The Fairy-tale: 
My sophomore year of high school here I met a girl. Her name was....well I reckon that is no longer important. It was not a "love at first sight" story. It was more of a gradual buildup of friends slowly falling for each other at around the same rate. It started when we had groups in science and this girl sat in my group because she knew my friend in the same group and there were also no other available spaces. The conversations were awkwardly fluid, which is somewhat of a contradiction but hey, at first and soon the science class conversations continued into math class as we were, suspiciously like destiny, assigned seats right beside each other in math class. Those conversations continued and one day she stole my cell phone and programmed her number into it. From then on our fate was sealed. It was 5ever at first text conversation. She was the first female I had ever texted, as I received my cell phone that year, and so I did not know how to go about speaking to her. Luckily, I did not need to worry as the texts came just as fluidly as the real-life conversations. Things just clicked like the gears did when Patrick Star had that brain corral for a head. We swiftly became what we called on the "Star of Friendship" 'Super Best Friends.' Super Best Friends are special because you can only have one at a time, and we were definitely each other's Super Best Friends. For the only time in my life I felt as though I was a main character in someone else's story. We did just about everything together but I never thought about asking her to be my girlfriend. Until she came to me for advice about a boy she wanted to date so she could see what having a boyfriend was like. They were about as incompatible as oil and water and it destroyed me knowing she was willing to do this to herself (she suffered from depression at the time so I understood why but it still hurt) and it suddenly clicked in my head. I told her I liked her and I wanted to be with her and at first I was met with a cold shoulder and she, very convincingly, tried to make me stop liking her by saying she could never like me because we were "just friends." Something felt off though. I felt deep down that we liked each other with a mutual intensity and she was just denying herself happiness to make her even more depressed. This was something I truly believed in so I did not give up. My hunch was right and she not only confessed to liking me but to loving me. Things would have been perfect but she was guided by other people's opinions of her so she asked to keep our love a secret. Like Romeo and Juliet without the suicide. I understood where she came from so I agreed and things were perfect for a while. Then the fights became about nonsense more and more and she would do horrible, emotionally scarring things to me and I broke down and decided to smoke pot before school one day. Big mistake. The very first time I got in trouble with school. Zero tolerance. Expelled for a calendar year. Previously, I had not received anything. Not even a write-up for tardies. Once was enough though. The fairy-tale would soon finish....