18 and already I feel like I can not cope.I'm 18, female, drunk because it's all I know aside from taking weed and MDMA, though them drugs all happy times, drink is for bad times. I'm so unsure what to do anymore, life is numb, friends turned out to be fake as I left college (english), my only friend has moved so far away and we've became disconected in the sense we don't get each other anymore.

I don't see any point, I fucked all I could ever fuck up. My grades, my one chance at the greatest guy I shall ever know. Even though I'm young and I know "Too early to love", I feel loveless. I can't connect with people anymore, I don't seem to be able to make friends due to my bad outlook on life and this makes me have a bad outlook. It's a horrible circle I can't get out of.

I gave up my dreams because of my family, my mother is obsessive out her shitty boyfriend who cheats and uses her. My dad is very uptight and would disagree with any life choice of mine that goes out of the lines of "Get comfortable money and have a family". I don't want to marry, I don't want kids, everyone think's I'm mad for these choices but I stick by them.

No one has ever liked me in anything more than a friend spare this one person, they admitted they liked me and I turned them down as I only known them a month and was cautious after a few bad turn outs of getting with guys just thinking it was normal to not feel anything for them at first, to find out they just wanted to use me.

I'm a virgin, it doesn't bother me, I've had offers off drunk guys and the previous guys who just wanted my body. I just need something, anything to cling onto, I don't know anymore.

Life only seems to be a dull mess of no one really knowing what they're doing, people say "You're beautiful and I love you" on the internet to try help people in thinking they want to end it all, it doesn't help me.

I just need something. My family have their own lives, I know it will hurt them to go but it kills me silently to stay, I just want to feel like someone.