Aspergers. Female. Over it.All of my life, I've realized that I wasn't right. Maybe it was because my mother was a violent, foul-mouthed lunatic. Maybe I didn't like going to school because I was the poorest of my friends. Maybe I hated life because as my father struggled to work, manage his own drug addictions and raise a little girl on his own, I felt neglected. I was neglected. I would show up to school without lunch money, my hair wouldn't be combed, and it was obvious I hadn't bathed in days. But I would eat. I would just eat the pain of abandonment and neglect away.

Maybe that's why I developed poorly. I had some friends. Mainly a bully who lived down the street who to this day lives her life for schadenfreude. I never liked to be home and she loved having someone around who would watch her live out her melodramas. I wasn't going anywhere because I had no where to go. Home was a filthy, roach-infested mess that smelled like cat piss. A mean teenage brother lurked around with his pot-smoking friends. He'd occasionally take his anger out on me with his fists, leaving me depressed and hurt since I loved him dearly. His friends would often call me names due to my weight.

And so it goes. 

My father would sometimes just not come home. My bad behavior got me kicked out of two baby sitters. I was frequently met with looks of scorn and disdain from everyone around me. My life was bleak, I was helpless and anger grew inside me.

As I got older, it just got worse. I was molested several times by various people throughout my childhood. I liked it. I just didn't want anyone to know about it. I wanted to feel close to someone because I had no one else. 

I failed in school. I just couldn't cope and no one liked me. I still wonder why the school system didn't intervene in my life when it was so obvious that I was neglected and abused. 

I lost my virginity at a young age to someone I thought was a friend. After that night, he just stopped speaking to me. My view of the world was skewed. Guys were seen as conquests. None of them loved me, and all seemed ashamed of me. But I was proud to have slept with them.

Lucky number 7 became my boyfriend and we dated for years. Then I met a guy who dressed well, and had a good game. I never thought someone like him would like me, so I promptly broke up with my boyfriend and started sleeping with this guy. I thought I was in love. Until I found I was just one of many. Broken hearted. So, I promptly started fucking everything in sight. I become an alcoholic and anyone that showed me any miniscule amount of attention and intent to fuck would get some. 
It was pathetic and sad. What's worse, is that people knew about it. And I didn't think there was anything wrong with it. Or I would feel ashamed, dirty and gross and think about killing myself, but instead, I would just get drunk and go do it again.

There were situations where I was too drunk to defend myself even if I didn't want it. Probably most of them. About 25 guys during this time. Most of which I don't remember anything about. Names. Nothing.

I believe that girls around me saw I was in trouble and didn't know any better, so they started to protect me. They never told me what they were up to, but life started to get a little better. But because I was ignorant, I didn't appreciate anything. The world owed me and I was amazing. 

I got a boyfriend and that's when I stopped sleeping around. He hated me, but being with me was better than staying at his parents house. I drank constantly. Cheap vodka. Right out of the bottle. And I didn't care what anyone thought. 

What I didn't realize is that people hated me. I made them uncomfortable. I hurt their feelings. 

After 3 years, we broke up due to inability to get along. I was miserable as I always have been.
 
3 years later .... here I am. DUI in hand. A kidney that always hurts. Possible impending multiple sclerosis. An addiction for a guy I slept with the first night I met him who has admitted he has no respect for me. No family. No friends. A job....but I'm terrified because I know my crazy will come out soon. I'll start slacking off. I'll start getting attitudes. I'll complain. I'll forget things. I'll screw things up. I'll lose it and be alone. Again. 

They diagnosed me with aspergers. A bleak prognosis and a dark past. I just don't want to live with this anymore. I can't reconcile why I do the things I do. I know no one will ever love me. And I wonder if I could ever really love someone else....infatuation comes easy....love? I don't know.

So each day...I wonder...Should I go pick up some inert gas? Should I make some sort of apparatus and end it all? 
I'm only 24. Look at me. I'm socially awkward and everyone hates me. No respect. No prospects for life. Mood swings. 
It's just not worth it.