I'm 28 and I've had suicidal thoughts for 10 years now.Tonight I want to die. I go in and out of that feeling many times throughout the day. Today I took my dose of Xanex, smoked some weed, and took some Khalua in my coffee. The Xanex really just makes me feel the most slightest bit fuzzy. I think it helps with some of the anxiety but even taking 20 won't stop the feeling so I try to make it last till the next script because without it is just withdraws and pain. The weed doesn't get me high anymore. I've built up a tolerance where I'm not even sure it's doing anything but getting rid of my chronic migraines. I still smoke an ounce or two a month. It's expensive but I don't have the money. I have no money. The Khalua helps the most. I used too much and it was basically 75% coffee liquor and 25% espresso. I'm all out of it though and the liquor store is closed. I don't want to become an alcoholic as is a fallacy of many of my family members including my brother. I don't want to run out of Xanex again but I've taken 5 now. I don't want to burn through my parents cash on weed but I'm down to crumbs and my dealer rips me off. I met him at a Dubstep show in the city and took some acid. I've tried acid 3 times now in my life, It has no effect. Ecstasy apparently has no effect either. I'm on too many medications that don't allow it.

I just want to escape the depression. I can't cry right now but I wish I could. Sometimes I can't stop crying. I sleep all day, wake up, cry, fall back asleep until I wake up again. There's never any reason to get out of bed. Not today and not on any of the days I can cry. 4 years ago I tried to kill myself by overdosing on all of the meds I had. I possessed some 90 day supplies of some \~8 different meds that I was on and leftovers of meds I had been on. I don't even know what all the meds I'm on are at the moment off the top of my head. There's so many. My mother keeps them locked up, but I don't think I'd ever try to OD again. My stomach is usually in a pretty poor state to the point I throw up every morning. If I have a migraine I throw up until I'm so exhausted I fall asleep. Because of the vomiting I can't take a pill and expect it to work. If you're familiar with migraines you're probably familiar with triptans and how much they suck. I have needles for them. Sumatriptan. Makes you feel like absolute shit but it clears some of the migraine up. But that's a little off-topic. I've had migraines since I can remember and it's a weekly deal without marijuana which for some reason my state won't even legalize medicinally. So I pay my dealer obscene prices per ounce to get by. I can't find another dealer of course since I haven't really spent much time outside of the house in 10 years and was lucky to find one at all.

The 10 year thing probably needs explanation. I'd rather not say where I'm from or where I moved to but 10 years ago I moved from the far northern US to the far south. I miss the snow the most. I haven't seen snow in a very long time. My parents moved down here for my father's work and I came along. My parents are great. They put up with so much from me. All the horrible things I've said and done to them in moments of disillusionment. How many times I've ruined their plans with a depressive episode or embarrassed them in a fit of mania. Bandaging up the scars on my arm that I make to feel something other than apathy. I think when I try next. When the time is right and no one else is home I won't overdose again. I'll cut my wrists in the bath deep enough to have a result. I just can't be allowed to fail. If I fail they'll put me back in one of those 72 hr holds. 

I stayed 2 weeks in hell the last time I tried to kill myself, fucked up on all the drugs I took I lost the ability to walk for awhile among other things. You know what they do in a mental hospital? I've been many times so I can tell you. They wheel you in, leave you in a dark room next to a bed on the floor until someone else finds you and helps you into that bed. Hopefully the one who left me there sitting in a wheelchair stoned out of my mind unable to walk was fired. Who knows. One of the hospitals knows me pretty well now. The last time I panicked and resorted to going back the token black employee remembered me instantly. I told him I liked the food better at this hospital than the others the time before I was there. When I arrived in the ward and sat down with some others there I heard a story of something someone did here once, me. An embarrassing story that I won't repeat but apparently was known by everyone, doctors and patients alike. When the nurse checked my vitals I tried to make a normal comment once. "I like your shoes, I have ones just like those" about her black converse high tops. She proceeded to call me a psychopath and shuffle away when she was done. Of course the comments on the food never stopped because the black employee told a patient or another and rumors spread about me. Ostracized even in a place meant to help. The mental health system in the US has a long way to go. I met with a psychiatrist who seemed bored the entire time and prescribed me various meds my doctor has never put me on. The therapist I met with I unloaded on with my insanity. He remembered me from last time and as usual. Therapists can't help those that are truly sick. All my problems change from day to day and I think he also knew I was hopeless.

At the time before I moved I wasn't really eating and lost a ton of weight. A girl broke my heart which sent me into a spiral of depression lasting to this day. I'd survive in school on a cheese filled breadstick in the lunch room, where I sat alone and people would throw things at me. I had so much social anxiety I could only talk to my friends. Back then I was only on Adderall as a medication and I used it gratuitously. If you take Adderall, don't eat and don't drink. You get a euphoric focused feeling along with cottonmouth that even makes math fun. So basically I was zoned out all my Senior year on Adderall hanging out at drug houses in my heroin addled town. I've never tried heroin but after I moved my group of friends did. Some of them are dead now. Two I know of are in prison for race related crimes. My friends and I were the "townies" back in high school we could always be found in the public park smoking cigarettes that we got different people to buy for us. Some of them were some interesting characters like Jeff &amp; Marie. 

Jeff &amp; Marie lived in a small unkempt apartment with a countless number of cats. We'd go over, smoke some weed with them and give Jeff a large tip to go across the street to the Indian at the gas station and buy us alcohol and cigarettes. Marie died before I moved. She started to turn yellow and one day passed away of jaundice. Jeff and Marie were never together, at least as far as I knew. When Marie died my friend and I out of appreciation for Jeff helped him move with some assistance from the church they attended. There were literal mountains of cat feces behind every possible object. Moving things around stirred up the smell and I think that was the reason Marie died. Years later I found out that my friend that helped move them found Jeff living under the highway underpass. He'd bring him Lunchables and beer nuts and he eventually disappeared. They never seemed to have any friends, or family. I don't think anyone else missed them.

Moving right before I was to go to college wasn't good for me. I missed my friends a lot. They were really all I had. The one thing that bugs me the most is that I wasn't there to help them. Keep them away from dope. I was always the straight edged one. Or the most straight edged you could get in a group of teenage law breakers. After moving we kept in touch somewhat. One of my friends made a Facebook group and we'd talk about random things, it didn't last long. Years later he would call me when he shot up and talk to me. I think he wanted me to stop him. He's in prison for the second time now. These days I've lost touch with all but a couple. Ones a rapper now by the name of Sickwit and the other, Big Mike works at the Wendy's in town. He just got his license back and plans to become a mechanic.

But that's enough about the past. It haunts me enough and even the smallest memories of mistreatment or embarrassment make me shiver. The girl who broke my heart, the Adderall fueled weight loss, the friends who mistreated me and kids in school who berated me for being quiet and different. These days all of my friends are online. Some I've known for around 15 years or even longer over various PC games. Lately though, I've been losing many of them. I'll say something almost on purpose that I know will drive them away. One friend lost means multiple mutual friends gone. I'm not worth it compared to her, or him. I'm too erratic and my mood is never consistent. I consider friends very important to me. If I'm depressed I don't resort to therapists. They've never done anything for me. I try to count on my friends but even people you think can help you through anything will get sick and disgusted with you eventually and I'm on the verge of losing one of the ones I've known for over 15 years.

I can't handle losing friends. I don't know why. Or maybe I do but I don't want to explain it. I want everyone in the world to hate me so no one will miss me. I've betrayed them multiple times by cutting contact, deleting accounts and isolating myself in my depression. Some come back, some don't. I receive minimal checks from the government for my conditions. But I can't hold down a job. I've had a few through the years but even volunteer work I seem to fail at. What worries me the most about getting a job is failure. I attended college for a token few classes after moving down here before the depression hit the hardest. I want to go back but of course, COVID-19. Plus I've wanted to go back for years and I just can't get it done. Last time I was in college I had hair down to my shoulders, wore jeans absolutely full of holes and talked to no one. Once in my music appreciation class I raised my hand to answer a question and the entire class stopped as I spoke and stared at me. Asking me questions until the teacher broke it up and continued the lecture. I stuck out like a sore thumb as I always do.

My parents are very generous to me and I have some nice things. These things regularly fill me with guilt but my mother is so generous and loving that she won't even let me say no to a gift. If I were to kill myself I know that everyone else could move on. They'd all see it coming. 'He was going to do it eventually'. It's all I can think about after all. I'm just afraid of the act. Even more afraid of failing and being institutionalized and I can't help but think of what my mother would do without me. She's very Ill and has been my whole life. Rheumatoid  Arthritis has ravaged her body along with heart issues requiring a pacemaker and a slew of medications and injections she has to take regularly. Not nearly as many pills as I take but for physical reasons. Not stupid mental issues.

There's so much more that depresses me but I don't need a reason to cry anymore. I just do it. Nothing in the world can solve my problems. Therapy has failed multiple times. Mental Hospitals are hell on earth. ECTs, just destroy my memory. I can barely remember these past years due to the few series's of treatment I've had. Always going back because I think they might work but they never do. I can't find a girlfriend and have only had sex once in the past 10 years due to a Tinder hookup. These are my 20s and they're supposed to be filled with so much joy. I don't think I own a blade sharp enough. I want a new razor blade since all the ones I can find are just rusty. I would cut myself in the bathtub with no one around until I fade out of this mess.