even though i’ve thought about suicide for years, i recently started to seriously consider it and plan it, and now my heart is truly broken bc this is really how my story is going to end...the most daunting question i’ve ever received was ‘if you could go back in time and tell your ten year old self anything, what would it be?’

my answer to that question would be


“Nothing you do will ever make a difference in your life. You are bound to be miserable because this world will work against you. You are bright, but not in social situations, when it matters most. You are beautiful, but it will get you nowhere. You have a good heart, but nobody will see it. You are unique and creative, but you are born to be too shy to prove that to others. You’re parents are well educated, but they will lose their jobs and your financial situation will be the reason for your failures. You have lots of love and respect for men, but no good man will come into your life, nor will they love you. You’ll sacrifice whatever you can to get to a better place, but that better place will never come. You’ll trust in God and have faith, but even He will disappoint you. 

In this world, there will be winners and there will be losers. Not everyone is born to be a winner. You can go to school, you can be intelligent, you can have people who love you, you could have a good job, you can have connections. None of that will guarantee your success. You will lose in this life. You will lose everything you have. Nothing lasts forever, but nothing will last long enough either.

I am so sorry that we ended up being nothing more than a disappointment to ourselves and the people around us. I’m sorry that our story ends with us jumping off a ledge. I’m sorry that we’re gonna have to make our family upset bc there is simply no way we’ll ever truly be happy. 

But if there’s anything you should do right now, is to enjoy whatever you enjoy. be whoever you want to be. pretend that others don’t exist. live for yourself, bc this life won’t last long. might as well be happy in your truest form than to conform and work hard for nothing”

i’m so broken ..