Can we talk for a while?I was going to kill myself on Tuesday. Not really sure why to be honest, just the culmination of years of treatment-resistant bipolar disorder and constant failure/inadequacy in every aspect of my personal and professional life. I saw my therapist the next day and told her about what happened, and she was just...weird. I don't know how to explain it. She made me promise to be "safe". So here I am, I guess.

But I'm tired, you guys. I'm so tired. I'm tired of eating nothing but baked potatoes and rice and MAYBE, if I'm feeling fancy, chicken giblets because that's all my student-load-budget can afford. I'm tired of going to class alone and coming home alone to live in a house full of roommates that hate me, in a city where I have exactly 0 friends. I'm tired of putting in maximum effort at school and still coming up with Bs and Cs- today I got a 66 on an assignment I worked on for hours, it's the last straw. I'm tired of trying meds with shit side effects that never work and spending hours in therapy that only makes me sadder. Do you know what I would give to have even half an ounce of "hope"? Hope that things are going to be OK in the end, that I won't be alone forever, that somehow maybe I can live a normal life like a normal person? Do you know what I would give to have one honest-to-god friend in this city? 

I don't want to go to the hospital because let's be real, I'm not fixable. If I could be fixed I would have been fixed months/years ago. There's nothing to "save" here, I'd just be taking up valuable bed space and doctor time that an actual sick person could be taking advantage of. All the hospital would do is hold me for 3 days and then release me just in time to write midterms.

I'm feeling very bitter and very vengeful right now, and I know that's not healthy. I just want the pain to stop, I want to feel better, I've been waiting to feel better since I was 14 and years of medication and therapy have made me *worse*, if anything. I haven't showered or brushed my teeth in over a week because what's the point? Every time I try to sit down and do schoolwork I end up falling asleep 20 minutes in because I'm so exhausted from the exertion of being alive, going to class, meeting extracurricular obligations, etc. It's not worth it. It feels endless.