I'm heading back into that direction...Sorry about the length.

A little back story. I spent 3 years working as a nursing assistant where I worked nights, drove my GPA into the ground and spent most of my time binge drinking. One day I tried to drink myself to death by drinking three bottles of vodka. I don't remember much about that night. I blindly texted a few friends but I was told it was incomprehensible. I woke up to a trashed apartment. I gave my landlord my 30 day notice, submitted a request to be switched to evening shifts at my job, told my psychatrist what I did who promptly increased the dosage of a mood stabilzer he was giving me (for a mild case of type two bipolar he had diagnosed me with) and recommended a cognative therapist who specializes in alcohol abuse. I started seeing him reguarly and I thought I was doing good. I started hitting the gym and I ate healthier.

I made a miscalculation though. I thought that switching to evening shifts would make me less moody. Instead I was overwhelmed by the number of coworkers, supervisors, and politics I had to deal with. I got into nasty fights with my long distance girlfriend who had stuck with me through all this. We broke up twice in a three month period due to my insecurities and lack of trust. I'm afraid to tell her anything now because I'm afraid I'll lose the support I had when I was binge drinking.

I'm in the same rut I was before, I feel desperately alone and depressed. The therapy has made sense and has helped a little but its only been able to go so far in two months. Its hard to not beat yourself up when you've lived alone, isolated from about a dozen people for three years.

 I feel like all my hard work has been futile now. I stopped going to the gym, I only recently stopped heavily smoking pot to escape. (The constant introspection began to drive me mad.). I feel like nothing has changed. I'm still miserable and I'm still afraid to go back to school even though I want to become a therapist or a social worker. I haven't felt this terrible since I trashed my apartment. I'm worried if it gets worse I may take up drinking heavily again and try to drink myself to death.

tl;dr Was in a rut, tried to kill myself. Got help, and now I'm crawling back into my hole.