Everything's bad and I can't do anything about itI won't be able to write this all down, because my thoughts are a mess, but I feel so awful. I am failing school, and I think I know why, and I desperately need help with that why but it feels like know one is listening to me when I try to explain it to them, and I just really hate my parents and everyone else that I have tried, again and again to ask for help with things who never did anything, and I almost never hate people, I am mostly incapable of feeling anger, and I feel so bad about this, cause it's probably not their fault, but I keep crying out for some kind of help and no one is responding amd I feel awful and I'ts making me question if maybe I'm just being dramatic, or imagining all my problems or something, because that's the way people keep making it seem, it's so hard to not just stop trusting my experience of the world and believe that I am just faking all of this, or stupid, or something, but a lot of other people that I talk to do treat my problems like they're real, so they probably are? I am just so angry amd tired about all of this, which is making my problems with school worse. I feel bad about wording it this way, but I just feel really failed right now? Like the people that were supposed to help me with things like this just aren't? And I feel so, unbearably awful all the time, and it's getting worse. It's slightly comforting that eventually my health will all get bad enough that I will either finally be listenend to and solve these problems, or I will die, and either way, it won't be a problem anymore. I feel so sad all the time, which makes school hard cause I just can't do it cause I'm too sad, and what's the point, or I will feel juts No Emotions. And that sucks. And tehm I will not be able to focus at all? Like  I just can't Do anything, at all, amd it's bad, but people don't really understand  when I tell them this, and they're like "how do you not know this, I explained it to you so many times!" And they think the problem is that I don't understand anything, but that's not the problem. Teaching me the same this over and over again isn't going to do anything, becasue there's something else causing me to have a hard time learning, and it's that my Brian's bad, and I can't think clearly ever, my thoughts are all like complete nonsense, and I don't nderstand them, and it sucks. I am very scared to go to school now because it is so unbearably unpleasant, and I really don't want to have to go through it ober and over again, but I have to. I've alwasy felt badd for being really uncomfortable around my parents, because they didn't do anything wrong, it's not like they are abusive or anything, and I always felt like something's wrong with me, for feeling like this, and I still do, though I am pretty sure my parents, and some othe people, probably, have been replaced by something that isn't human, amd they can read my mind, so it's mostly justified now, but I still feel bad.