I cant care anymoreIt seems silly, I am writing to a bunch of strangers. They will probably care more than the people in this shithole town I live in. I about to have a birthday in just over a week. Hooray Xmas fricking eve. It's a milestone too.
I get ignored. My own husband has never even made a cake for my birthday in the 20 years we have been together. He forgets or will not be able to. One year I got my birthday cake in August. Yeah. Really cool. 
/sarcasm 
I am his full time caregiver and that has stopped the want for a bit thinking "He wont be able to care for himself. But that doesn't even work anymore. 
My mother is a crazy narcissist bitch that I would rather have 1000 paper cuts and swim in a vat of rubbing alcohol rather than have her in my life. My father doesn't give two shits about me. On Thanksgiving I called him and he said he would call back (still waiting)
When I was 16 I took a 3 month supply of Canax to try to end it. I was found in time but the first think my mother said was "You are useless. You cant even kill yourself right"  it stings and it still hurts over 20 years later. 
I have already emailed my husband a locked file with a password he would know, all the passwords and user names to bank accounts, bill accounts etc. Slowly over the past month I have been changing things to his name so he doesn't have the headache of fighting with the electric company etc.
Even a charity group I am in will just say "That sucks" and have a memorial service in May as they do with all members. I can already hear one woman say how selfish I am, another making it about her. I will get a quick "Sweet in our memory" then that's it. 
My own sister wont care. I talk to her almost daily lately but she has been all about her trouble and none of mine. I truly feel my Memorial service will be empty. I cant get someone to come to a party let alone anything else. 

I know even my reddit gift exchange will suck this year. My giftee got theirs and loved everything. In past years I get sadly bad exchanges. (Once had to be regifted twice)

I feel like no one will care. My cats will miss me, but they will have husband and get over it in time. 
Thanks for letting me rant one last time. Good night all.