I feel broken. I live for love but nobody wants to love someone who needs them.My whole life I've lived with one goal in mind: To find someone who truly loves me and who I can dedicate my life to. I've never found a more peaceful state than when I'm with another human in a relationship. Then inevitably these people find my love stifling, they find the pressure too much to handle. They just don't understand that all I want in return is their love. I'll do anything for it as long as it doesn't harm me. My interests are malleable. What I do for fun can change quite a bit.

My therapist tells me it's harmful to put that much dependence on someone else. We have to find inner happiness and then we can find someone who appreciates us for who we are. But who I am is a man in search of love. I'm convinced more than ever that there are no women out there capable of appreciating and responding to my love.

I've overcome big breakups before. "Remade myself" into someone who is "content" with their life. But then again a longing for love envelopes me and I fall into the trap again. Doesn't help that women these days don't seem to respect marriage. I don't want to gamble with a 50% divorce rate again. I don't want to live in a world where a decade or more of a relationship can be wiped out without a care by someone taught that their individualistic desire is all that matters. My love matters too. My hurt is important too. But no, she's happy and so I have to sit with my wounds.

And yes, friends and family love me. But not in the same way as a partner does. Not in the same way at all. I have a loving pair of parents and wonderful friends around the world. But it's not enough. I still want to be held and loved in a way that only a romantic partner can.

So I want to die because I find my desires for life incompatible with the way the world works. Marriage for life is outmoded they tell me. She's happy so I should be happy. But I want a lifetime of marriage. I want to be with someone "in good times and in bad, in sickness and in health." I can't change my innermost desires. They've been honed over 28 years of life. I don't want to spend another 28 changing them. All I'm doing is waiting for another person to wound me. So fuck this world. Fuck the people in it who enable the way marriage has become. Fuck the world which allows [this to happen](http://www.reddit.com/r/BreakUps/comments/1b0d04/almost_8_years_together_building_a_futuredone_in/). I just want out of it.

I read the "image of your funeral" thread. Honestly, it would be nice to be at my funeral. To see the outpouring of emotion. Maybe even a little hatred for the woman who crushed my heart. Who felt that it was easier to pick up and indulge her own pleasures. Who cares about the love I gave her, the house we bought, the life we had created and who cares about the pain it would cause me. That wasn't worth a little effort. A short burst of lust was worth more than a short burst of effort followed by a lifetime of happiness.

And now here I am. A wonderful man, attractive, social, with a great job and loving friends and family. Totally depressed. Unable to muster any desire or energy. Longing only for love. Longing only for someone who will complete me. In a world where that's looked down on as needy and something to be rid of. Thanks world. I hope I get hit by a car today. I hope it happens quickly and I don't need to feel this pain any more.