Fuck youFirst of all, what the hell is an OP? liberals and their stupid jargon. Odd Person? Omega Pi? Oopsie Poopsie? Operator? Old Penis? Nope, just stopped caring. 

What about  SP? Suicidal Person? Some pc version of that? Fuck Reddit. Fuck you. 

I have exhausted every excuse for living. By the way, if you are suicidal (or an OP?) stop reading now, because this post will make you more suicidal and I don’t need more blood on my hands. As a matter of fact, no suicidal person should go on fucking Reddit for christ’s sake. See a therapist, a doctor, a priest. Check yourself into the hospital. No libtard on Reddit is going to make you feel better. Get some REAL HELP, meaning, GET OFF THE FUCKING INTERNETS!!!!!!!!!

I would like to check into a hospital tomorrow and I am clearly at that point. The problem is that I am broke, and I doubt what kind of coverage my marketplace plan has. I mean, could check myself in for a week, but then when I got out, I would have no job, no money, and might owe thousands in hospital bills. My plan is brand new and I don’t even have my card yet.

Plus I went to the hospital two years ago. My girlfriend went at the same time- at a different hospital. My step-father tried to break us up while we were in the hospital, and I kept lying to the psychiatrist and telling him I was ready to leave. I still felt suicidal when I was discharged.

I have been to the hospital three other times, and am tired of going to the psych ward. Also, my parents paid the bills last time. It’s going to be harder now that I’m on some shitty marketplace plan with 80/20 coins. What’s 20% of $10,000?  Too much. Hospital probably costs more than that. Doubt whether marketplace will cover anything, or just leave me high and dry.

It’s either hospital, or death. I think going to the hospital is just delaying the inevitable. Once I get out of the hospital I’ll be so depressed about being in debt- and finances are my main reason for wanting to kill myself- that unless I could get back on my feet quick and start making money, I will just sink into self-loathing and pity and want to die even more. After you’ve been to the psych ward so many times, the charm fails, and I have no desire to go.

Thank you Reddit for pushing me over the edge. I was here Friday night under a different username and was online until 5 am, mostly on suicide watch, and I was able to work through a few hesitations I had about dying, things that were holding me back, but I was able to work through those problems, and after reading about all these suicidal libtards, it was comforting, and the idea of suicide seems less scary, so thank you for that. My obsession with suicide was born on the Internet, and it is where I have researched most of my methods; I would never have committed suicide without the Internet and its wealth of pro-suicide psychos.

Thanks to you, it is now 2 am. I could have gone to bed at 11 but Reddit gives me a reason to stat up later and I might binge here all night to pass the time. She leaves for work in the morning, and that is when I plan to do it. It is better that I don’t sleep.

I’m not sure what is going to stop me. The longer I stay up tonight, the less chance I have of showing up to work, so keep helping me towards my goal, r/suicidewatch. I guess of Reddit were to disappear tomorrow, I might change my mind. I am 34, starting feeling suicidal at 15, have attempted two times, and no longer care.

There’s an alarming probability that my method will not kill me, or that I will fail at it, since it is rather complex and I don’t really know what I’m doing. High probability that it would leave me in a very bad condition, and everything one could imagine about that.

There’s an alarming probability that I will fail to show up at work tomorrow, lose my job, drink a few beers, then chicken out and not do it. Suffer the consequences of that when my girlfriend comes home, considering I just did this two weeks ago.

Small probability that I will force myself to go to work tomorrow, and stay the entire shift without doing something to get me fired. Then, postpone these plans until next week, or whatever the next trigger is.

One thing I am 100% certain of is that if I were to stay online on my phone and on Reddit or some other social media site and binge all night, I would have a zero chance of showing up to work tomorrow, and thus a high probability of performing the act.

So I will stop now and turn off my phone.