24/M - Hopeless?Everyone around me says there's hope - loving parents, friends, girlfriend, doctors, etc. Because I feel like they don't see me for who I am. On the outside I seem relatively normal in the sense that I have a college degree (which I hate), but working an average job doesn't appeal to me. So what did I do? I went out and bought a gaming PC to hopefully make a living out of streaming videogames. Not gonna lie, I get a good head high from imagining myself as a famous streamer. I've had these highs from emotions mixing with alter egos since a very young age. But I have confidence issues in doing anything, being myself really. And I realize it's because I've spent the majority of my life in isolation judging what other people do. I joined the best fraternity I could in college, but never saw myself good enough to be with everyone else. I keep in touch with one person from it. I worked an accounting job where I was appreciated, but burned out after three months when the work started piling up. I would always be comparing myself to the smartest guy in the office and got tired of asking him for help - one because it wasn't fair to him (even though he was always nice and polite) and two because it hurt my ego that I just couldn't understand some of the shit.

I'm not going to self diagnose, but I do have some narcissistic and borderline traits. I have a very fragile ego (a random kid could insult me and that would trigger extreme anxiety), I fear abandonment, and have extreme OCD. Hell, I broke up with my girlfriend once and got back together with her the very next day. I remember telling her I loved her the day we started dating and that freaked her out. 2+ years later, I now see why that's an issue. She's great in every way, but now that a lot of the physical attraction is gone I find myself bored. But she was my only girlfriend and I had to try super hard to get her. I stopped hanging out with friends to spend all my time with her, which I now realize was a huge mistake.

But the recurring theme - regardless of who I'm with, is that I feel empty on the inside. Like I'm never enough. I feel like a kid that never grew up. I view life as a balancing act that others just do better than me. I have trouble learning new things because I generally won't do them unless it can make me feel superior in some way. I realize this now, and it sucks. I cycle through values - some days I wanna eat meat and some days I view it as morally wrong. I have a loving support group but that just doesn't seem to do it for me. Part of me wants to end my life before I seriously mess it up, because at this point I know it's more than just depression and anxiety. 

