About to give my friend my pistol.This semester has pretty much ruined any self confidence I thought I had. I picked up a great job this past December (15/hr, full time) and thought I could juggle that with going to school 12 hrs.. well. It hasn't fared well at all. I am probably going to be asked to leave the Business College at my school after this semester, and from my job performance lately, I think my job is on the line. Not that I am lazy, I just make a lot of stupid errors on paperwork at a blood bank. Which is not taken lightly at all. I am at a crossroads, and I honestly don't know what to do. I work Tuesday through Saturday (4PM-12AM) and I have school Monday through Friday in the AM and I have practically no time for myself anymore or for anyone else. I've stopped going to school on a daily basis because my grades are so far gone, there is just about nothing I can do to bring them back now. Everything I worked towards while I was in the military has pretty much gone to shit, and my prospects to go to law school are long gone now, even though my state will keep paying for school after I used my gi bill so when I heard my mom mention vocational school as a possible route, I figured I am a lost cause. 

The thing is, I am *supposed* to be happy. I am debt free, the gi bill pays for my school and rent, I make a decent amount of money for a college student, (3900/month) it's pretty much everything I dreamed of. I never wanted to leave college with a lot of debt. Except I have no social life, no friends, and girls think I am some creeper because I show up to school sweaty sometimes because I ride my bicycle to school. It's sad, because this wasn't a problem for me a few years ago. I've tried asking out some girls in my classes, but they just kind of brush me aside and hook up with some jock. Not that I should really care, herpes is for life. The only friend I really have is another bike rider who happens to be 17 years older than me (I'm 24, he's 41), who has taken me to church with him on occasion, showed me how to work out, and helped me out a few times when my car was broke down. 

So last night I started having thoughts. I'm not sure about whether or not they are considered intrusive. Thoughts about packing up everything I own into boxes, updating my will, donating blood for the very last time, (I'm O Negative, it would be selfish not to. At least I could "live" through someone else.) liquidating my assets and placing it in cash on the table to cover for funeral, clean up, rent for my roommate until he can find another place, then wrapping myself up in heavy duty plastic, placing a brick under my head to catch the bullet/bone fragments, calling the police, so they can possibly be there in time to harvest my organs, and blowing my brains out. And I could do it too. I have a pistol and plenty of bullets. 

The only thing stopping me is what it would do to my mother and my grandmother. My grandmother would literally die. Her heart couldn't take that, and as for my mom, it would absolutely destroy her. And I don't want that for them. So I figured maybe I can just make it look accidental. Like accidentally get struck by lightening when I am riding my aluminum framed bicycle through a lightening storm. Or accidentally get hit by a semi while on my bike. Those might be a bit easier for my mom or for my grandmother to swallow, but I don't think it would ensure me getting killed on impact. I'd hate to live out another year in a vegetative state. 

I know I should probably give my bike rider friend my pistol for a little while. Especially after writing this. But I don't know what he would think of me. He is a really levelheaded person, and I don't want him to see me as weak or mentally unstable. I don't think he would be my friend anymore. He hasn't known me for a year, yet he considers me family. But he only sees a part of me that I want him to see. 

It felt good to write this. And maybe some of you will read it. Thank you to those who did. Obvious throwaway. 

tl;dr: I should probably give my friend my gun. 