DepressionI'm a 14 year old gay kid from Serbia living in a homophobic environment. 

It all started when I realised I'm gay, but everything started going downhill from there. We became really poor ( they cut water, wifi and electricity a few times ( currently we're out of water and wifi only though )), I lost all friends I've ever had ( I've never had any best friends, but a few people I'd like to chat with and occassionally play games with ) and I lost a purpose to live. I have never really had one at the first place, like any human but I realised that relatively recently. We have a duty to live and sustain life that way, then we die in order not to get the planet overpopulated.

We are controlled by our physical urges and needs and emotions. The thing about humans being free is bullshit. We definitely aren't and I'm so sick of living that I want to destroy my brain with a chainsaw and permanently stop thinking. Maybe I would feel better if I wasn't aware of my existence, like animals. There is a way to make that happen. If I take away life from myself, it would happen. I would never have to feel any pain or anything at all ever again. It would all end. Yes, my life previous life would be shitty but who cares ? I would be out of it and I won't remember anything. It's what awaits all of us isn't it ? No matter how poor or rich or whatever you are, you are gonna die like everybody else. Life and death are inevitable. It's not even a choice. Nobody has asked me do I want to live. 

I just hate how everything functions and I HATE humans, but as well feel sorry for them. They are victims of this horrible universe and its selfish design. Most of us haven't opened up our eyes and/or are brainwashed enough to think life is joyful and worth living. I am done with convincing people otherwise. There's a shitton of people like me out there, I'm sure  but I do not care about anything anymore. I am just (im)patiently waiting for life to pass as I am and always will be too scared to commit suicide.

I can't think of anything else but this, as things which preoccupate people's minds are so fucking irrelevant and dumb and I do not even want to attemp to take my mind off this for something like that.

Thanks for reading this.