This is my last effort.I’m a 19 year old girl and I’ve never been more content with the thought of dying than I am right now.
I’m honestly just about to spew a bunch of thought and maybe the release will keep me from doing anything stupid tonight. I’m open to advice.

I was abused by a bipolar narcissist mother who kicked me out for my stepdad at 15 and pretends that it never happened. She’s drawn blood from me in a few of our altercations and even left me a scar on my face which I despise. I currently live with my grandparents who mean well but don’t understand anything I say to them and think they have all the answers. 
Despite multiple efforts to overcome this trauma I still find myself consumed by it and have been sobbing hideously for the past couple of hours. 
I am disgusted by my life, myself, and my family. I currently have like 2 friends and I’m pretty much done with both of them because they’re both extremely selfish and childish.
I’m in college and I hate it here. The food is mediocre, I feel like an outcast because I’m very introverted and not popular and everyone else has friends. Add to this the fact that I attend a PWI and I am not white. 
I just left a relationship about 3 months ago in which I was cheated on. I feel a great deal of guilt behind that relationship because there were several occasions where I snuck him into my house and we did things. I know lots of people do it but I still feel like a piece of shit for it. I’m still angry and bitter with him for some things even though we haven’t spoken and I’ve blocked him everywhere.
I genuinely and wholeheartedly believe that no one would give a shit if I died. I have no friends and because of my crippling social anxiety I have an insane case of resting bitch face and no one approaches me and I can’t approach anyone because I’m always fucking anxious. It’s to the extent that I barely leave my dorm. 
I feel like everything I’ve ever suffered through in life (abuse, multiple painful breakups, one sided friendships, strained relationships with siblings, guilt, intrusive thoughts, unhealthy relationship with food, etc etc) has been for nothing and I have learned nothing. 
My birthday is in a week and I’m not even excited for it because my family is separated. My one cousin that i really want to come to my dinner has a 1 year old and is always too stressed or tired to laugh and talk with me the way he did when we were kids, which makes me so upset. He was all I felt like I had a lot of the time and now I don’t even have him.
I don’t believe in God and haven’t for years. I’ve tried and I just don’t feel it anymore. 
I have no physical or emotional strength tonight and am actually quite calm considering the turmoil I’m experiencing. I’m going to shower and try to hold out until morning. 
Thanks for reading if you did. 