I want nothing.I see it all now for what it really is : a distraction. We keep ourselves distracted with things, sex, toys, entertainment, drugs, alcohol, etc...so we dont see the pointlessness of it all. Its why people that are worse off usually end up thinking about suicide, cause they have nothing to keep themselves distracted with. They have more time to think about things, and realise just how pointless this all is, while everyone else is chasing something, or under the influence of something. Friends ? money ? love ? Sure, those things are nice. But whats the point ? Endorphin ? I see people in pain, and they want it to stop. What about when you dont want anything ? I dont want anything. I dont want to exist, i dont want to not exist. Im just here at the end of me, and theres nothing. There was no trauma that brought me here, nothing major. Just self reflection. I have a lot of time to think about things in my job, it gets pretty lonely... and ive come to the conclusion its all pointless. Not even the macabre curiosity to see where this shit show is going, is enough anymore. I want nothing. I have things, i have friends, i have a family, i have food on my plate. It all means so little, everyday, going through the motions. And realising that even if i stopped going through the motions, and did what i actually wanted, it would all be a distraction or pointless effort put into something that isnt going to matter, eventually. Creating stuff is what i like. But that too is a distraction, a goal i have set for myself, which once done and the result in front of me, will bring me nothing i want. Praise ? cheap. Satisfaction of a thing well done ? Been there, done that. A contribution to humanity ? A contribution to the distraction stockpile that is being created worldwide.        
 I have been depressed before, but this coronavirus has extended my work schedule, so i think these long hours have triggered something that hasnt been triggered in the past 10 years. And i dont think i can come back, not after seeing how pointless it all is. Ive lost patience for everything and everyone. I scream inside while keeping a straight face.
 
So, internet. What do i do now ? Out of cowardice to kill myself im still going through the motions, for now. I thought about what people will say. Tell me the things i have to live for maybe ? Thought about them. Heck, even thought about amazing things life will never actually give me, and i wasnt able to trigger any sort of wanting. Cause if you dont anything, whats the point of doing anything ? 

 Ok, thinking about deleting this whole thing and going to bed. gonna post it anyway i guess