I want to just quit, all I have to do is pull the trigger.This is the first time I've ever really looked for help, so.. here it goes.

I'm 23 with hardly any college college under my belt. I lost my mom almost four years ago. I'm currently unemployed and just moved back in with my father in Florida after I lived in Texas for about 7 months.

The reason I moved backed in with my dad...
I'm very shy and don't have any real life friends, but I am a huge gamer so I only have online friends. About 9 months ago, I met a woman that I fell madly in love with and who ended up loving me back. She came to visit me, and we made love for the first time (it was my first time with anyone). I take a plane and go back with her for about two weeks, and I end up driving from FL to TX in one go and move in with her two weeks after I got back from seeing her.

Almost two months after I move in, her older sister unexpectedly passes away. We move about a month later to a place two hours away so that she can be closer to her family. She is an accountant and gets her sisters old job, and luckily they needed some help so even though I'm not in accounting they hire me to help out.

She would talk to me about how depressed and everything she was, and might want me to go back to Florida so that she can have space to get over her sister passing away. I arrived back in Florida late Saturday night.

A few days before I was suppose to leave, I saw some messages she and another guy that she played World of Warcraft with her having. The guy basically talked about how his friend was jealous that they (him and my girlfriend) were "100% totally going to meet". I confronted her, and she said she didn't know what he was talking about. I drove back home on Saturday, as I said.

When I got back, I ended up checking more messages... during my drive back, I see they had talked about meeting up more and that she was willing to pay for his ticket so that they didn't have to wait (he wanted to pay, but had no job). He even talked about how he almost told her he loved her the other night (the night before I was leaving). She even said that she "would have enjoyed hearing it &lt;3".

She was my first, I loved her (still do) with all of my heart and cared for her as much as I could. Especially after her sister passed away.

I don't want to live anymore. She was planning to see someone else behind my back, I have no job, no real friends, no future. I'm even failing my online classes now and have to drop out until another "semester". My dad isn't in good health, but when he is gone I will have nobody. I thought about even going into the military recently and going into an officer program and then trying for the FBI.

But now, all I want to do is die. There's nothing left for me. The one thing I had and that made me happy, planned to cheat on me.

I just.... I can't take it anymore.  