I used to tell myself to ride it out until the sun appeared again. Now I'm older, and no sun reappears. It feels as if everything is over for good.Well, there are always reasons to feel down, and I'm used to being depressed for a good part of the time. I accepted that as part of being alive and being me. Tried to enjoy the better times, while talking myself out of being suicidal with a promise that the mood would clear and that things would be okay again for a while. 


But it's been over two years since I've seen the sun, and by that I mean a flash of genuine, unclouded enjoyment or happiness. I laugh and joke, but it's just a layer over the the thick gunge of depression and feeling things are over. 


I think it's something to do with getting older. Things healed themselves when I was in my 20s. Heartbreak subsided, disappointments raged and were forgotten. Life was more forgiving, chances abounded. Now, aged 39, I really genuinely feel that things can only get worse, and that mistakes made can't be fixed. Mentally, I am suffering a decline, and fear this can only get worse. I know I'm not old, but I feel it. It's not only to do with not having achieved goals, but about watching what I'd built up over years erode before my eyes. Two years ago, I was a very busy professional woman in what I thought was a happy marriage. I had friends, or so I thought, and a purpose in life which I now can't remember. I was depressed a lot of the time, but worked anyway and was passionate about it, loved my husband, was mobile and active and even felt fulfilment occasionally. I really didn't hope for more, and counted myself lucky as a social misfit and depressive, to have anything or anyone in my life. 


Well, it's amazing to me how things can go utterly wrong in such a short period of time. I quit my job as my husband and I had been having a long distance relationship because of jobs, and something had to give. We wanted to start a family, and had been talking about it ever since we got together 15 years ago, so I was willing to take a chance and see what was in store for me in a new environment. I trusted fate because I had married a really wonderful man, and how could love not prevail? 


Then the trouble began. Initially, I made the long distance move with a sense of happy anticipation. I was tired, but ready to bulld a new life. But things didn't go as planned. Our marriage began to go very badly, I became depressed, he didn't understand and just made it worse through what I felt was extreme cruelty, and worst of all, he refused to even talk about the subject of a child. He rejected sex continually so as not to get me pregnant, said I could never be a good parent, etc, and my self-esteem dwindled. I became too depressed to look for work, and within a couple of months I was suicidal. And have been more or less ever since. 


I spent the past two years trying to revive our marriage and sex life in spite of my illness. I really think I put a good face to things. My husband, I feel, has been very passive and negative. It was exhausting to have to drag a marriage along practically alone, as well as deal with depression. I went for therapy, took meds (a nightmare) did yoga...and am in the same situation, if not worse. 


Now, my husband regrets what he did and said, he's come out of this bad phase and is really trying to be nice, i'm trying too, but things are ruined between us. After all the rejection, I am no longer attracted to him, though I was crazy about him before. I no longer feel fit enough mentally to have a baby, and time is short. I feel much too depressed to work, though I've made job applications without success. I hide at home the whole day, ashamed of the state I am in. I'm an invalid. My former friends are, of course, on another planet where people actually live instead of rotting alive. My parents are narcissistic, my extended family difficult. 



To make things worse, I met a man ten years younger with whom I fell hopelessly in love. I've never been attracted to anyone in that way, urgently and passionately, body and soul, but I never told him as it would not have been right. He brought a few moments of joy into my life. He liked me too, but saw I was unavailable...and maybe he didn't realize my age at first, as I look young. We became friends, but now even he has pushed me away as he has some big problems of his own. Now, I obsess about him a lot. I've become a creepy, sexually frustrated woman in the space of two years. I've never shed so many tears - well, the tears shed over my husband and shattered dreams probably tally up to that...it would be interesting to compare the litres. 


Everything I loved is gone. Marriage falling apart, dreams of children and family fading, self-esteem and body confidence gone, no work in sight, friendship rejection by extraneous crush gave the last punch. I can't imagine ever being in a relationship with a man apart from my husband, but our marriage is falling apart. I can't imagine ever working again or being independent. My husband will never throw me out, and I'll end up as a burden on him, letting him work while I rot. I can't stand being around people. Life has nothing more to offer, I'm tired of trying. 

Tl;dr Things look bleak and I am trapped. This could continue for the rest of my life. I just want out. Sorry for the uncontrolled rant. 