What is the point of living if you arent enjoying it?About me: Im 17, got depression with 9 and was planning to kill myself several times in the last 8 years (with 9 the first time). I got depressive because i got bullied really badly by everyone i known ecept my parents (class mates, teachers, family...). Now im living in a great family, have lots of friends, im pretty clever, some call me genious, im healthy and i already have offers to study at universities. I have everything that i could want but im still depressed. Some years ago I used to code computer games to feel alive but that doesnt help anymore. I started to get introverted and am not getting up to school. Since 3 months ive been 6 days at school. I dont hate me or something. I dont know why i am depressed. In the last months i seriously thought about killing myself. I mean whats the point of living if u dont enjoy it? The life is all about solving problems. Many people enjoy solving this problems, i dont. If i would suicide the problems were be gone - i wouldnt have solved them but they wouldnt exist for me anymore wich is basically the same outcome (in case you dont enjoy solving them). At the end my life wont matter. If im dead and all the persobs ive known my life will be forgotten and it killing myself wouldnt change anything. So, why should i live? Whats the point in living? I guess everyone has to give themselfs a sense to their life but I dont find any. The only reasom im not already dead is that i dont want to hurt my parents. But i dont want to exist anymore, i hate existing and it gets every day worse. Im sure i will kill me one time in the future. Maybe one of you reading this can tell me how i finally get happy even tho i already have everything. Money isnt the way to be happy. Friendships neither. What is it? I tried to change my atittude and that works fine for 3 days until my depression comes back worse than before. Every time i get up and do something it gets worse. If im just laying in my bed doing nothing for some days my world starts to get... better. I start to feel peace. Im still depressed but im somehow happy at the same time. So now im laying here doing nothing. Just laying. And thinking. I would have really no problem to kill me right now. I feel like im finally ready to end this horror. So why shouldnt i end it right now? If someone felt the same and feels better now tell me how you have done it because how im living now is not living, its more waiting to be ready to die.

(Sorry for the chaos in the text and my english, hope u could make sense of it (from germany))