x-post from /r/depression but I feel so lostContext: I'm a male, late 20's.


I'm blind with anger right now. I'm so fucking done with life. It feels like things keep getting worse and worse.


I struggle to find passion in anything lately. Summer of last year I was planning to propose to my now ex. Before I bought the ring though, she had come to visit (we had been long distance for quite some time).


She raped me the weekend she visited. We had agreed to wait until marriage to have sex but she kept pushing for it. (Religious and personal reasons for wanting to wait, please don't judge on this decision.) I've read so much about "women can't rape men" but it's fucking bullshit. I was always taught to not hit a woman so when she hit me and forced herself on me I didn't know what to do. I was crying and begged her to stop. She didn't until I pushed her off and left to go for a walk.


I know it sounds stupid. I feel like an idiot. It's my fault isn't it? I don't know anymore.


I broke up with her a month later. She told her friends and family how terrible of a guy I was and made up lies about me (e.g. saying I cheated on her, hurt her, etc.). Found out towards the end of our relationship that she had been cheating on me for the entire year and a half we were together. (She "confessed" a few days after forcing herself on me.)


Fast forward a year, to this summer. I recently went to a wedding where the bride was an ex- of mine, and the groom was an old friend. At first I was confused why I got an invite, but accepted begrudgingly since a few old friends were also going and we made a road-trip out of it.
At the wedding, her family and friends start telling stories about the groom. These stories were about me, but she had replaced my name with his. Long story short with this, I later found out that she had been seeing him for the entirety of our relationship a few years ago. They openly admitted to me that she cheated on me with him and left it at that. No apology. Should I have asked for one? Confronted them? Told someone? Left the wedding? I just shouldn't have gone I think.



I am currently working two jobs, upwards of 60-70 hours a week. My free time is spent doing odd jobs to make ends meet. I have a Bachelor's degree but can't get a job that pays more than minimum. Am I just not being picky enough? My friends all make more than I do, most of them double if not more.
All I've ever wanted was to get married and have a family. My friends are getting married and I'm the last single one. Do I need new friends? Is my perspective just off?


Three of the four serious dating relationships have ended with the girl cheating on me.


What do I do? What do I fucking do?