I'm screwed in the head.Rant. Just here to rant. And no, I don't want to talk with you. I just need someone who feels the same way, but my fucked up head gives it no chance.

Feeling nothing every day. It starts to become your personality. Depression has made me drop so low that I don't care anymore. Just another sheep in the herd.

Sociability is already tough enough for me. Keeping up a fake smile to everyone just to feel your muscles around your mouth relax back into that dead stare. I wish people didn't expect so much out of the other half of society. I'm expected to pass classes, have friends, be a good citizen, keep up with media so you don't fall out of line and all that bullshit. But fuck off with your general view of how people should be. I don't want to become a sheep. I'm a human being with fuckin' independant thinking. Slaving 3/5ths of my life away just to be "successful" won't cut it out for all the other problems I have with myself.

Better yet, being 16, doesn't make any of this get any better. I'm so fucked in the head that I don't even know what's right or wrong, normal or weird, etc. I've started to sympathize with most school shooters. I understand that they've been abused, excluded and bullied to the point where they snap and express it into the worst manifestation. Hell, I've fallen to the point where even serial killers (Ted Bundy and Ed Gein especially) don't creep me the fuck out. If I was kidnapped by one, I'd just tell him/her to end it because I gave up years ago. Death is something I can worry and care less about now. General emotions are something I can never feel anymore, except hatred and misery. Emotional suppressing has dropped me to rock bottom. Never cried in many years.

Social cues are so fucking complex. What do you expect me to do? Rub your cock (not literally) so that you don't become bored of my outer shell? I don't fucking understand people. I wish I didn't have to understand people. I wish I wasn't forced into an environment that I ABSOLUTELY hate. Asked for a girl's messenger. We both texted for about 30 minutes. Then I fuck it all up by being an annoying prick, leading her to stop texting me. Fuck sakes.

If I got 1 a dollar for every time I heard or seen "It will get better", I'd be fuckin' middle class poor. It only makes me wonder "When? When will life stop fucking me over and start handing me good cards?". People have recovered, some have not.

I've become so pessimistic and skeptical that, everything that anyone tries to compliment to me is all fucking BS. "You're funny", but in my mind "I'm fuckin' not. Just a boring, fucked up person". I wished everyone could just fuck off with their compliments, my mindset doesn't make it sound any good.

Parents, adults and other peers won't understand. As obvious as I make it to them, they won't understand me. "It's just a phase" "Go out on a walk" "Do something you love" "Blah blah blah". Telling me to do something when I have no motivation to do ANYTHING at all will NEVER work out, nor will it make me do better, nor will it make me shut the hell up.

I'd have ended myself months ago (hdmi cord). But I've pussied out at every attempt. I started cutting about a month ago. And when I did, it felt great. I was a completely different person, only for that to last for a day and the whole shit comes back down.

I wish natural selection just did its fucking job and cut me loose. Like anyone would give a fuck. Especially after getting into my mind.