just a bit longer!!I am going to kill myself, full-stop.

I have heard all the suggestions and tried treatments and mulled over every fucking platitude. I still hate myself and want to die.  This is not a cry for help -- perhaps we can call it a coping mechanism. I had an ultra-shitty day at work and this is just venting so I can last another day. 

I am too sensitive. I am the person that others constantly tell, "you are way too nice," or that "you care too much".  I think my mind and heart are too weak to live on this planet. I am so tired.  Despite constantly worrying about others I have very few people that care about my well-being. I desperately want to cut contact with the few people that have been supportive because I feel like I have been such a drain on them. It isn't fair to keep leaning on them when I have already made this decision. 

I know how I will do it, but I want to hang on for a bit longer. I hate my job but the paycheck after next will include a bonus that may cover my final expenses. I know my death will inconvenience some people, but I want to lessen the blow as much as I can. 

I don't really feel good or anything any more, but I do feel some relief from the things that harm me. I cut myself and starve myself as well. I feel that I deserve these things so it makes me feel a bit okay. Planning my way out also makes me feel productive.  I am scared of pain, and I am scared of screwing things up and leaving myself paralyzed or brain dead.  I am not scared of missed opportunities or the nothingness I hope is after this life. 

I have been through a lot of shitty stuff in my life and recently.  I have the cognitive awareness to know that it can get better and that I am too hard on myself but I constantly constantly constantly feel so bad. This is the only way I can escape. My loneliness is a big issue so writing this and hoping someone would read this was a bit cathartic. I have bought a nice notebook and pens to write out my final thoughts but it's been hard for me to get the pens to paper. In case I can't manage that, someone saw this maybe.

Tomorrow is my off day. A student has been having some troubles and I might go buy her something to make her feel better.  But I will cry a ton first because no one does that kind of thing for me.  This hurts so much.

Thanks for reading. 