200+ Days after my first therapy session/ update on my suicidal ideation.About 200+ days ago I made a post here trying to be a flicker of light in the thread about taking steps towards bettering myself as an individual in regards to me wanting to kill myself. In the past 200+ days I’ve managed to get my associates degree, quit smoking weed on a daily basis for the past month and a half, and identify quite a few of my cognitive biases and self deceptions on my views about the world. This leaves me in my final battle with what I’ve come to identify as “The Shadow”. 

If anyone here is aware of Carl Jungs work on the shadow I’d like your opinions on it. The darkest parts of my mind were the least mapped out before I started therapy, and I’ve come to realize I hate the core parts of myself that I find inadequate and or malicious. I’ll attach a source by Alan Watts of one of his works and a quote that gives me some comfort in these dark times. 

Listen from around 9 minutes in till 17 minutes in for the part I focus on - https://www.mindpodnetwork.com/alan-watts-carl-jung/

And the quote I find comforting. 

“My soul, where are you? Do you hear me? I speak, I call you - are you there? I have returned, I am here again. I have shaken the dust of all the lands from my feet, and I have come to you, I am with you. After long years of long wandering, I have come to you again. Should I tell you everything I have seen, experienced, and drunk in? Or do you not want to hear about all the noise of life and the world? But one thing you must know: the one thing I have learned is that one must live this life. Do you still know me? How long the separation lasted! Everything has become so different. And how did I find you? How strange my journey was! What words should I use to tell you on what twisted paths a good star has guided me to you? Give me your hand, my almost forgotten soul. How warm the joy at seeing you again, you long disavowed soul. Life has led me back to you. Let us thank the life I have lived for all the happy and all the sad hours, for every joy, for every sadness. My soul, my journey should continue with you. I will wander with you and ascend to my solitude.”-Carl Jung

Thanks for reading if you’ve made it this far. Although I still crave deaths embrace, I want nothing more then to rid myself of this darkness. 

 