Suicidal thoughts.I'm currently up at 2:13am writing this post, everyone around me is asleep. I live on the third floor (Ground, 1st, 2nd, 3rd) and the only thing that's stopping me from opening my window and sitting on the edge is the thought, "Maybe I won't die. Maybe I'll be found shivering in the morning, concussed and/or severely injured and my family will find me."  
I get these thoughts from time to time, and I don't know what I can do about it, because I know I shouldn't be having these thoughts.. but I don't know how to not think like this.  
Life just feels way too hard to even be worth it. It's like almost every single aspect of living requires effort. Getting out of bed, even just opening your eyes in the morning, it all needs me to put in conscious thought into it. Eating breakfast, every single bite, needs effort. It's like everybody has a set amount of energy each day that they can put into things they do, and I either run out after a couple of hours or don't do enough. I spend most of my time browsing Reddit, talking to people etc because that's what requires the least effort. I physically can't give out any more because that's what I'm doing trying to do the things everyday that everybody else does in terms of  *fucking surviving*. I feel tired everyday, and I don't go to sleep because I just feel a direct intent to not sleep and instead do *anything that isn't sleeping* (I don't think I have a sleeping disorder, because when I eventually do want to sleep I sleep just fine). These things are often schoolwork (which stresses me out) or just school-related events with friends, and either way one or both of these things will be around for the next few months, until the end of May at least, after exams finish.  
I always feel weird about talking about these sorts of things because whenever I start talking about something I never hit the points I want to. The same often happens with therapy sessions, where it gets to the point where I start talking about things but it gets more and more inaccurate as I go on and the answers I get back end up not helping me. 