I've never felt so alone and isolated.I'm posting this from a throwaway because I just need to put this out there, but I'm probably identifiable on my main account.

I spent my day at work thinking of the best possible way to kill myself, like I've done much of the past couple weeks. I work in a hospital, so I have the means easily. I won't simply because I have a wonderful husband and daughter who would be devastated. So I'm staying alive for them, but god knows I want to just end it.

As a result of this pandemic my hospital has cut our workforce because it's lost money by not being able to perform elective procedures. This means the workload has been reassigned instead of cutting hours.

I know I should be grateful I still have a job, but that just makes me feel worse. It's hell here. My coworkers have decided I should pick up the most responsibility and they did this on a day that I was off, so I had no say in it. I came in to an email with all the new responsibilities and honestly, it's more than I'm capable of taking on.

It's the proverbial straw. This is on top of a constant feeling of not belonging. Every day since I started almost four years ago I've been treated like "the other." It's only gotten worse in the years since. People talk about me behind my back; I know this because I've had people come up to me and say as much as well as hearing it myself. People start rumors about me and gossip.

I'm tired of it. I know I didn't take this job to make friends, but I've tried to be a nice person anyway. Instead I'm treated like I'm worthless. Worth less even than the machinery I operate.

The stress is so bad that I've fallen back into old habits. I'm smoking again after being quit for over three years. I've shut down emotionally. That's an old, very deeply ingrained response that came about as a product of my childhood. 

I don't talk much anymore. I feel constantly like I've said something wrong and offended someone, so I avoid conversation. Now my coworkers have taken my silence as offensive, so they treat me even worse. They say "oh, Idontlikemetal doesn't speak anymore" and turn their nose up at me even if I find the mental fortitude to muster a quiet "good morning."

My supervisors are the same. They are both a part of the same clique that decided I should pick up the most work and even though I've never been anything but professional and polite to them they treat me like I'm a dog that's just shit on the carpet.

I'm so tired of it and I feel so alone. My husband listens to me patiently as I vent and he tells me what I feel is valid, but I don't want to keep burdening him. He works at the same hospital and has had as hard a time as me. I don't have any other friends to speak of really because I'm introverted by nature.

I just wish I could go through with all of the options I've carefully planned out. It would be so much easier to not exist than to keep struggling with these dark thoughts. If you read all that, thank you. I don't expect anyone to care, but I needed to yell into the void before it eats me alive.