I'm angry, lonely and tired of trying to please allI have a lot to say but I can't organise my thoughts well at the moment. I have no diagnosed mental illness of any sort. However, I believe I have social anxiety. Although it is not severe, I think it does get in the way of me living my life. I think that bullying and being isolated has contributed to this. I fear getting a job because of all the interaction I have to do. I'm short-sighted but I choose not to wear my glasses so that I can't look at people. I find it hard to go to closed and crowded places like fast-food restaurants by myself. The only people I can talk to normally are the four members of my immediate family which means I struggle to make conversation with my other relatives (they are similar to strangers in my mind). I have had friends but they were only 2 at most at any one time and almost all of them moved on or were just sticking with me because they had no one else and so stopped contact when they made new friends at new places. I think that a major part of my anxiety is the fear of not knowing how the other person may react and I want to be soon as a good and nice person and I apologize too much. After a lot of bullying and living in a village where the people did not have a good vibe towards people of another race, I went to a good university to do Biochemistry. I thought I could get a fresh start and make new friends but my jaw locked, I couldn't speak properly, palms sweating, heart racing etc. I could not get along with my flatmates and eventually gave up. Now I have graduated, I have no interest in anything and I have no dreams or goals to work towards and I don't have a job. I find it hard to even apply for certain jobs as just thinking about the role makes me feel anxious. But my mum is struggling to make ends meet. A lot of things have happened and I can't seem to stop thinking about dying. But I'm scared of doing it and what comes after. It gives me the same anxious feeling. I'm trying but I don't know. Thank you for reading.