Everythings calm and now would be the best timeMy parents are both ready to get rid of me. My dad's got his perfect new girlfriend and step-kids. My (biological) younger brother has his new siblings and doesn't need me anymore. My mom is living well off and ready to move out of this town that I'm keeping her in. The school year is calming down, so I don't have any commitments to anything. I don't have a job, no bills. I do well in school and could be making it to college but I can't even see myself as a functioning adult honestly. A week ago, I was super stressed about finals and getting projects in. I started thinking about how if I just did it now, all those problems wouldn't even exist anymore. It'd just all go away, but I didn't cause I didn't want to waste all the work I'd done already to get here. I feel like all my "loose ends" are tied now. If I really was to do it now, it'd be the best time. I rarely have moments of life that I truly cherish. Other than movies, games and podcasts (Joe Budden Podcast and Movie Spoilers Podcast are my favorites) I don't really care much for anything. My school "friends" often say stuff like,"What happened to you?" or "You changed so much! You used to be cool" referring to me only 2 years ago. I wonder often what happened to me too. I was just so much happier, still having sad times but I wasn't depressed everyday all day like I am now. It's just like I became suicidal overnight and been living that way since then. I really want to live just to try to make some great breakthrough in life where I see that everything isn't so bad but I don't see that coming anytime soon. I'd love to pursue my dream of filmmaking or as a writer and being able to look back to times like now and be happy I didn't give up. I don't want to get trapped in more life stuff and other people depending on me, if I end it now it won't affect much and everything will go on as normal. Hell, I've even seen Infinity War. My life is about just as complete as I can imagine.