I'm trying even though I don't want toIt may not seem like it but I'm trying. I'm trying to the best of my ability. It's just so hard. So so hard. Things we're finally looking up just a little but all that hard work came crashing down. The whole situation is my fault because I didn't take care of what I needed to when I should have. I don't have the money to repair my car because the repairs cost more than what the car is worth, I have no where to store it until I can try and save up money. Hopefully I can leave it in a wal-mart parking lot for a bit. I had to quit my job because I had no way to get to work, luckily the job that I got out of that made me want to kill myself even more is willing to take me back. Yay to being overworked and hating my life even more now. I'm starting to not do assignments because I'm just so depressed and stressed. I was supposed to study abroad in Japan finally next semester. Due to the car accident and getting sick I missed some deadlines for that which wouldn't matter much but there is no way because financially I'm set back. My grandmother can only help me so much. I know the situation is my fault, I shouldn't have been driving without insurance I know. And now i'm reaping what I sow. I'm trying to fix it all but it's so discouraging. It just goes to show that I was neglecting myself more than I originally thought. I finally met someone, my ideal type looks wise and personality but that's going sour. I'm still neglecting my health, which I was finally going to start trying to fix but now I have no insurance again. I have no one to vent or talk to. When I try it doesn't work. I'm receding back into myself. It doesn't help that i've been off my meds for a couple months now due to forgetting to refill when I changed jobs. Honestly I'm at point where I'm considering selling my body for money or something. Everything I was working towards was wiped out in a night because of my own stupid decisions. I'm full of regret that I wasn't killed in the accident instead. I'm just ready to give up. I don't wanna try anymore. I've been trying for over a decade. Pushing through this darkness is too much. I just don't know what to do anymore