A very tough lifeName's Michael, a youngling, 18, living in Costa Rica, University of Costa Rica Law School first year student. My father died recently. My father was my guide, my best friend, my mischievous buddy, we did everything together. He died of liver cancer on the hours between 11pm of Feb 12 and 1am Feb 13, I was woken up by my worried girlfriend (we were  in a call and was woken up by the same thing) and my mother screaming and pleading for mercy
I didn't have a chance to see my father when he was hospitalized up until the day of his death, mere hours before it happened. He was drugged, only way through stop his unrelenting rebellious spirit that prevented him from staying in bed. Only thing I could get to say was that I had finally entered into law school, his dream come true, he was so happy. He wanted to kiss me, but he couldn't, he was too high. I kissed him instead, and begged him to stay still. I promised him I'd tell him more once he was out of the hospital. He replied to me with a particular set of words in Spanish he would always say to me "ok, Mijo" high and not willing to let me go but still letting me go because he understood I was uncomfortable. How I wish I hadn't.
How I wish he was still alive, still with me, still smiling and talking to me about his job in the private air charter flights company he administrated
Life without him is so hard, it's almost not worth living

Almost.
I still cling onto my now ex girlfriend. She has BPD, and I myself am not at my 100% sanity levels. She still loves me, so she claims. But during two months past my father's death, I treated her badly. I would be cold and edgy, saying things like nothing mattered in the end not even her, seeking help from anyone and anything that'd be willing to help me feel better, this worsened our situation, and long story short, we broke up. After nearly a year of full commitment, and 7 months of nothing but what we both wanted, a relationship 100% us and no one else, we broke up. I hurt her to the point where her entire body and life tells her not to come back to me. She keeps saying she wants to be better and healthier before we date again, as she also has cancer. A little detail I didn't mention before, that holds some importance. I always tried my best to take care of her as much as I could, even in her darkest times. It seems as though it's an excuse to gwork on herself and become independent and forget about me though. I'm soon to be diagnosed with ADHD as my therapist said I met all criteria but prefered I went to a psychiatrist for a Dx. So maybe that plays a part in the way I see things, and I sure hope it is
But then again
Sometimes she'll come to me and give me all that love, and sometimes it just seems as though she's tired of even talking to me. 
My mother and other family members know me as the smart yet extremely quite kid. Not to make a joke and a stereotype about autism but, you know the kind. They expect so much from me, but I'm failing class, I'm failing my father, I failed to take care of him. My actions got him killed. I could've saved him.
My actions also ended a relationship both parties had invested tons into, and now I cling onto the idea that we will one day be back together, even though sometimes it seems like a straight off lie. But I've lost so much already, I've destroyed my entire life.
If she confirms my doubts and leaves, nothing will stop me from wanting to od, no matter how many things are pointed out, people that love me, things like that. Nothing works, I simply want out, and I don't know why I can't just feel okay again, this year has taken everything from me; even my will to live.