So I’m thinking of ending my lifeI don't really no where to start. I feel so ashamed even articulating these thoughts right now, but I don't know what to do. I have a good life, but things just seem so messed up. I just feel so alone. 

I'm a young sexually confused black man currently living in Minnesota for starters. And with Covid-19, the murder of George Floydand all of the civil unrest that has come as a result, I feel even more alone.  

Most of my friends throughout my life have been white, not by choice, it's just how things worked out growing up in the suburbs. 

I was seeing a few people here and there before Covid-19 became a lot more serious, but then it all changed. I found myself being ghosted for no reason I could think of and friends becoming distant. I figure maybe people were just being cautious because of the unknown virus lurking around out there.

Then the murder of George Floyd happened. Almost overnight I saw my life change. I woke up to an outpouring of endless texts from friends apologizing to me for what white people have done for decades.

I told them that they were being ridiculous and they had nothing to apologize to me for. I thought that my response would have been enough to show that I didn't hold anyone responsible for the racial tension in the world. 

However, I was wrong. These so-called friends started to distance themselves from me and uninvite me from various things. I found out some even blocked my texts and calls. 

I don't know what I did. I don't understand. I just look at myself in the mirror and hate the person staring back at me. I have dealt with racism head on, but I just feel so tired of fighting. I'm tired of trying to make sense of the nonsense.

It was when I had a severe panic attack just come out nowhere that I realized how alone I really am. I could have easily died in my apartment all by myself and no one would have even known. I have no one. 

I remember seeing a woman interviewed on the news. She was crying and broken as see saw her community in Minneapolis being burned down, looted and destroyed. She said that George Floyd was in a much better place than she was and she wished that she could be there. 

I just don't want to be here anymore.