What do I do...I feel like I’ve been dealt a really bad hand when it comes to life.
I am 23F. I went to college, graduated this year in May unfortunately. Got two STEM degrees, emphasis on the T, but with a shit gpa. I’ve been “unemployed” since May and make a little bit of money at my part time job (remote)

I have never had a single second of freedom in my life. Never had a sleep over, been to a party overnight, never could explore independence under my parents’ guidance. I can’t go out to eat, see my friends, nothing without doing it secretly. My narcissist Dad would probably kill me if I tried. He’s always been emotionally, mentally, and physically abusive. Now I’m stuck at home during Covid, without school or a job to help me escape for at least a few hours. 

Both my parents are very successful and are now drilling me to learn programming, calling up their friends for references, positions, trying to get me a job. They don’t understand that the market is just not that good for someone like me. Everyday I stay in bed, study a little bit, and cry a lot. I’ve lied about everything out of fear and conditioning. I can’t take the abuse and emotional blackmail anymore.

The man I love is leaving me and moving away. My depression has pushed him away and I can’t even blame him for that. He really was the only thing holding me back. But now that he’s gone too, I feel like I only have two options. 

1) leave home soon, take my savings, stay with a friend and figure life out as it comes. Leaving will deff push me towards making better decisions. I’ll have to leave my siblings behind unfortunately. 
2) end it all but make it look like an accident

The only peace and quite I had was at night, when my parents were asleep, giving me that little bit of freedom to do what I wanted around the house before I fell asleep. It’s sad. But I won’t be getting out of this one without picking one of those two choices. I’m extremely broken and I’m falling apart. Everyday feels like a gigantic burden. I truly can’t live like this anymore.