A waste of precious resourcesWhy, when the world is so desperately in need of population control so that there are resources to go around, do people like me exist? I'm very smart, I have suffered from depression since I was a child (I used to wish I could die on a regular basis as far back as I can remember) and now I'm on meds that mostly hold me above the pit.

But I've "lost" a son - he won't respond to me and I don't know why. I've discovered, after the age of 50, that there really are evil people in the world. I have a BIL who I fear will kill my MIL because he wants her fortune but there is nothing I can do about it (long story but all kinds of legal people involved but they say there's nothing we can do). I have discovered that people I thought were friends had completely conned me. Even my own sister tried to con me.

I have never put my gift of intelligence to good use - maybe because I wasn't diagnosed with depression until I was in my late 30's but that's the past anyway.

The only reason I am still alive tonight is because I fear my husband, who also suffers from depression, will harm himself and I'm starting to think that maybe that's not the worst thing that could happen to him.

I'm a gentle, loving person. I give back the extra change at the store. I reach out to strangers in need when and as I can. I carry a hundred dollar bill in my purse to give to someone who looks like they need it at the thrift stores I visit. It's not like I have lots of money but I have more than some so I try to share.

These suicidal episodes are becoming more and more frequent. I go to my psychiatrist as soon as I can after each one but by then I've turned around.

Other than existing with undiagnosed major depression as a kid I didn't have a bad childhood. But I sure have managed to make a mess of my life.

I won't do it tonight (probably). But I get closer each time I am overwhelmed by the multitude of liars, cheaters, and scammers - not to mention the sociopathic BIL.

Death - the absence of everything. No happiness, no sadness. No joy, no pain. Just as I did when I was a child, I lie in bed and hope that I won't wake up in the morning.