i guess this is a vent?(idk what this is i just needed to vent to somewhere, i have been quiet about how ive felt for years and years and i think its time i say something?) 

i have been suicidal since i was 9/10 years old. i just remember in primary school, 4th class, i started feeling worthless and that it would be better if i just disappeared.

suicide has always been something in the back of my mind, a voice telling me that i should just end it all before everything gets worse. before i end up a failure. 

i am currently in 5th year in secondary school now and i am feeling worse than ever. because of the leaving certificate, we have to study harder and harder to get the points we need for the course we have to get into. my junior certificate was shit so im not really expecting much from the lc. the costs of college and accommodation and just Living in general seems too much to me.

i am frequently absent from school maybe once or twice a week, as frequent as my parents will allow it but i was absent last friday and then only showed up 3 days this week. im not sure but all i want to do right mow is just lie in bed all alone. i dont feel motivated to do anything. i especially dont want to go to school on monday but ik that my parents will force me since its been a while.

last october or November i had planned my suicide, i was set on it too but then i made it through to 2019 and honestly that surprised me so much. i remember during the countdown having just this thought running through my head; "hopefully i won't make it through this year."

i am not diagnosed with depression. i haven't been able to go to my GP to be referred to a therapist because i desperately don't want to get my parents involved and i wouldn't be able to cover the costs since i am jobless and 16.

i have been contemplating talking to my year head or class tutor since september but every time i end up talking myself out of it, thinking "you're only making it up for attention." "you're being overdramatic there's nothing wrong with you." or "there are other people more deserving of help than you."

no matter what i do i have this distinct feeling that i am nearing the end of my life line. like i am slowly edging to the end of this tightrope. i think i won't be able to hold on anymore. 

 i don't really know what to do, i always feel so numb.  and even now im still thinking that i shouldn't really be making this post since i don't deserve any sympathy or help. 

i have nothing to offer to the world so i should just go kill myself.

