I don't know what to doI thought I was doing better. I was moderately happy today. As the day went on I became progressively worse. All I can think about is hanging myself. All I have to do is retrieve my suicide note from the delete folder reset everything and hang myself. I just feel like such a fuck up. My parents don't accept me being trans, and it seems like the whole world is readily available to tell me I'm nothing but a woman. I feel bad for being so angry with my parents sometimes because they do a lot for me but they refuse to accept me. So I'm just in emotional limbo with them. I wish I could just be a girl. Sounds easy but it's not. My act score is a 28 with a declining gpa and I want to go to med school and become a doctor but I keep thinking of all the debt. I feel like I've become dumber, all I do really is sleep. My bf probably feels like shit because I barely talk to him anymore because I feel he deserves better and until he admits it and leaves idk but I feel horrible. I have horrible social skills and have almost no friends. I live in a small place in the middle of no where basically and go no where and do nothing. I want to get a job but that means I can't smoke and smoking isn't something I do often like every few months( 3-6) but I don't want to apply for a job get drug tested and then reported if I fail it(idk if they do that). So not only can I not get a job to make money I can't even make myself productive. I want to shot myself but luckily enough there's no bullets in this house. I'm so tired of everything feeling likes it's collapsing and never being good enough. I've never had any fun adventures with friends. I go no where, I do nothing, I'm getting dumber, colleges aren't going to accept me, I literally do nothing. I always say I hope I die and never do and I think people are tired of hearing that. In the next few weeks hopefully I'll put my money where my mouth is. I'm so tired of wasting people's time and money.
I'm sorry, I'm fucking nothing.