I plan on killing myself todayIm just tired of always wondering why. Why i wake up for work and pay rent and save money. Tired of wondering why i can't cry anymore, I'm tired of wondering where my brother and grandmother are, and if I'll ever see them again. I'm tired feeling like there's no point in existing to just end up not existing in the end of it. I'm tired of fighting addiction, and feeling like all I'll ever be is a lonely depressed addict. Ive tried to get help, go to rehab, attend 12 step meetings, recovery houses, tried to make sober friends. But I just can't seem to connect with anyone. I can't seem to grow a bond or brotherhood with anyone. My mommys going to be devastated and my sister will be beyond repair... I love them so, for many years the thing thsts kept me from killing myself was the fear of what life would be like for them without me. But I've found myself tortured for living for other people. Ive always felt different, like I don't belong anywhere. Even in a room full of addicts and people who are doing drugs with me I feel like the odd one out. I've tried antidepressants, but they made me a fat fuck which leaves me even more depressed. I steal klopin from my mother's purse so i can just go to bed and not have to live the day. I stay up at night researching the perfect combination of drugs to make me feel ok. I was depressed before drugs, since I was 12 ive felt this way and i am 19 now.... 

Maybe somebody on this thread will have some words to help me, to change my mind, or at least keep me going another day but for now my plan is this;

 Get off work and take the rest of my antidepressants and anxiety medication, take a bunch of pseudoephedrine and cough medicine.

If I wake up in the morning I'll continue my day normally until I get off work. I'll be on the bus to kensington Philadelphia to get a bundle of heroin and cocaine. And die peacefully In a Park preferably under a tree. 

If that doesn't work I will give up, tell my mom what i did and try to get help.