Might be ending it all tonight.The reason I'm typing this is because I don't really have anybody to reach out to. No one really gives me a sense of resolution that makes me feel ok or have a personal connection/friendship where they reach out to me sometimes. Most of them are just moving on with their lives like I wish I was strong enough to do it.

I live in a place where I never really connected. Since I was 12 I used English to study and communicate with strangers online. On the long run that resulted on a very lonely childhood and adolescence but I still found a passion that gave me purpose.

Today however, I'm afraid its not possible to keep going, I had a trip planned to Spain where I would work and study (or maybe just work and end up studying in Canada after a year or two.) I was meant to go on this trip a year ago, witch I didn't do so I could finish high school (I'm 18 year's old.) Well, the person that was suppose to help me came to visit the people that live with me and talk about my trip. What happened was that such person turned out to be pretty cold and disconnected from me. I also found out about all the documents needed and discovered that even if I managed to get all this shit that can't be made on the small city I live in I would still be there for the small period that I would spend studying. Needing to be accepted on a university before all that.

Found out that all the money I got was apparently not enough as well. 

Yes, I know I could just work here and go anywhere I want in one or two years. Problem is that I don't really want to. The immigration process is fucked and I feel zero confidence in myself to do it alone. I also would rather dia than spending the next two years in this hell of a place that keept holding my misery while I remained resilient. I got through three years of this shit and fought to define my individuality and do what I love.

Giving up really breaks my fucking heart because I know I could do this and that I have the talent/potential if only I had a good enough opportunity.

My grades in high school are absolutely mediocre and won't lead me anywhere. I have a name I don't recognize and define as me. People I can't connect with. And now no sense of a brighter future or something that can guarantee a better life on the path I was meant to follow.

I've been lonely for an extremely amount of time. I know that not having a guarantee is all part of the future but I really don't have anything or anyone concrete to hold on to.

In Spain I would achieve one of my dreams to visit a place I learned about on my studyings. I known could have a better life in the future. But in the present im just tired. Tired of fighting and tired of reaching out. I just wanna kill myself and hope for a sense of resolution after that. I know it's horrible and I wish I wouldn't do it but all I can see is repetitive suffering, pessimism and a future i feel I don't even want to live in anymore because of how much it all went wrong.

I'm tired and I'm also a very self destructive person when something goes this bad. I just wish I had a reliable place to at least cry on. 

I'm not completely unaware of the nature of my own sadness. I know I'm young and I know I have a lot of potential that I don't want it to go go waste. It breaks my heart that I will end like this but at the same time is what makes me just do it already.

I'm reaching out to really try to connect to something someone tells me since I don't have anyone.
The only person I had got tired of all my shit and it felt like I was getting in the way of their life.
I'm scared because all I wanted was someone that would help me through all this but I really just don't have anyone. 
My mother is extremely ignorant and manipulative (I actually don't either trust or consider her my mother due to some things that happened.)
My father only shows up 4 times a year to give me an extremely small amount of money.

From where I see it, a great connection is one you create based on who you decided to be. Like friends that just stick with you and that reach out to you. The few friends I made never reach out to me at all, they don't really feel the need to talk to me ever.

So I guess that's all, I'm typing this hoping someone could connect with me and offer me a way out (even if I feel so terrible right now that nothing seems likely to change it.)

I'm sitting on my bed right now waiting for people to leave the kitchen so I can grab a knife and hurt myself for good. If I don't die I will probably be institutionalized and then my life will be officially destroyed and wasted if compared to what it could have been.