I've come to the end of the road.23M. I'm tired. I'm so tired of all of this. I can't keep going when everyday just hurts me more. Everyday, I go to sleep and there's just one thing less to wake up to, and everyday, I just seem to be more exhausted than the day before. These last few months, I've just been grinding down to what I know will be my last day. 

I've always been a social outsider. I've tried so hard to make friends, but I always seem overbearing to people who just never seem interested in being friends with me. People don't like me and they think I'm a complete prick. Everyday, there's just one more embarrassing that I've done to make a complete fool out of myself. I've only ever had one girlfriend, and she wound up cheating on me. It's been nearly a year since I last had sex.

Yesterday, I discovered that my boss and his fuckbuddy have been guessing what variation of autism I have. For months now, I've suspected that I have some sort of autism and I feel disgusting. People look at me like there's something wrong with me and now I know why. People see me as some charity case, and they look down at me. I know I'm weird and creepy and nobody likes me but it's got to be too much now. Nobody is interested in anything I have to say anymore, and I'm tired of rattling off whatever new fascinating thing I've learned about today only to discover nobody except me actually gives a single shit.

I feel completely trapped. I have no money and I am thousands of pounds in debt. I am addicted to painkillers. Nothing makes me happy except the brief fleeting joy I get from films and TV and my dog. I love her. But I can't leave, and I think I've seen too much of this wonderful world to be satisfied with this place. 

The only reason I haven't killed myself yet is because I am too much of a coward. Years of self harm have scared me out of anything so drastic. So now I'm trapped in this endless misery with no exit. I try to fill my time with writing this book I'm trying to get going, but that's not enough. It's not real. It doesn't need me.

Ultimately I think that's what I want. To be needed. But nobody needs me and nobody wants me. So I just wanted to put this here, just to show that I tried to reach out, or something. I don't know. I feel like a shitty person just posting this but I feel completely trapped. I'm sorry.