Second attemptSorry for the long text.

Incurable cancer. I refused treatment because fuck dying more slowly. I don't have many friends (learned a long time ago that people suck) and refuse to bring them into my shitty life. Even though I told them I made my peace with it, I lied. 

As im typing this, I'm crying. I wish I could have had a full life like most people, but somehow I got the short straw. 

I lost my apartment because the tenants where I was supposed to move refused to leave due to covid, and govt is so overwhelmed with such requests they can't help in a timely fashion. Also I'm living in a shitty motel which is way beyond my means (I can no longer work) and getting kicked out in 12 hours because I can't pay. Fuck that, I'm not becoming homeless.

So right now I'm using my last (sold everything I owned to make it at the shitty motel) 10 dollars to get drunk off my ass on 2 litres of 10% beer, then hopefully not wake up from a sleeping pill overdose. 

I wish there were people I could talk to that can relate and not try to stop me. Hot lines are shit and completely unhelpful. Support groups only try to stop me.

The worst thing is being completely alone and feeling like you've abused everyone's good will just to stay alive longer... For what purpose. 

But the worst thing imaginable is leaving my poor little ferret alone, weeks after he lost his life partner to illness. I wish I had faith in my close ones to help him find a new, proper home but I lost faith in everything. I love you, faithful Nibbler. And I'm sorry to leave you like that. I can only hope that friends and family take good care of you. So long, friend.

To Reddit: you've been awesome throughout the years and accounts. 

To anyone reading this: I'm sorry and I wish all the best for everyone. No one should ever have to go through this.

In case any loved ones ever read this, I'm sorry. Call me egoistic, call me a coward. I don't care. I couldn't handle it anymore. 

I love you all, and I sincerely wish the best to everyone.