my diagnosis made me more suicidalcross post from r/trueoffmychest but I figured maybe 5is might be a more appropriate place 

I’ve (22F) had extreme ups and downs since the age of 11, and finally last year, after an excruciatingly long decade (why it took so long beats me), got diagnosed as bipolar. While the diagnosis makes recognizing symptoms easier, it makes the depressive episodes so much harder to fight through knowing that even once I pull myself out of it this time, it will always come back around and I will spend my entire life feeling this way. In a non morbid and non attention seeking way, it made me come to terms with the fact that I will end up committing suicide during one of these episodes. Not this time around per se, since I still have a lot of emotion surrounding the realization, but I know once I process that and reach acceptance, it’ll be time. Phrases such as “it gets better” and the like do nothing for me. I know it’ll get better, it’ll get so good I feel unstoppable and immortal, just to crash and burn and feel this same way again. I don’t know how to talk to anyone in my life about this without them sending me back to some shit psychiatric facility to waste a few more weeks of my life. I felt uncomfortable posting in r/bipolar bc I’m not sure if it’s triggering to talk this way. I’m so tired and approaching acceptance and being ready to die, it doesn’t scare me anymore. Just last week I got hit by a car (again, only this time it was unintentional) and was bummed out it didn’t kill me.


Continued (response to a comment):
Thank you for your response.

You bring up how you feel when your girlfriend feels similarly to this, and your compassion is awesome, thank you. It does however, bring up another point for me personally. One thing I used to struggle with is how it would make other people feel. Back when I almost romanticized suicide, I’d think of people reactions and it would almost be a leveling factor. I couldn’t possibly do that to other people!

Now, I could honestly care less how anyone would feel if I were to die. It’s not about them. That’s another huge reason it’s hard to talk to anyone about this, they always want to say how sad they’d feel if I were to do that. It’s not very nice to respond with “well I’d be doing it for me, not you, anyway so what does it matter how you feel about it?”

That’s how I know I’m getting closer and closer to the point where I don’t feel anything at all about it. It used to be scary, now it’s just lonely.

