There's no other way outThere is something wrong with me and nobody can tell me otherwise. My relationship of 10 months with the love of my life is crumbling, his dad passed two weeks ago and was sick for two months beforehand, and his anxiety is taking over his life. I haven't seen him since the funeral 2 weeks ago and when we do call or text I walk on eggshells because I never know what I might say will set him off. I can't do anything to help him, even just existing makes it worse for him. I am useless. I can't express my suicidal feelings because nothing could compare to what he's going through. He says he isn't sure he can continue our relationship because I've become a trigger point for his anxiety, even just me calling him yesterday to ask if I could stop by to see him and his family on Easter was enough to set him off. I'm a toxic presence without even meaning to be, it's just who I am. 

But I am not ready to lose him, I can't go through another breakup that I did not want. I can't be abandoned again. I can't explain to people again that he left. I can't be faced with people's sympathy and empty "well fuck him, you deserve better!"'s when I know that I don't. I can't dodge reminders of him again and try to suppress happy memories with him, because remembering the good times hurts so bad.

And by "again" I mean I've done this before - I've been left before. Again by someone I truly loved and was so happy with, and it came out of nowhere, he blind-sighted me. I still don't know why he left to this day. But obviously it was something irreparably wrong with me. It look a full year for me to feel just OK. At the time, I thought it was the worst thing that could and would ever happen to me. But I was wrong, the worst thing would be to have to re-live it. Because at least with the first go-round, there was hope that something good would present itself to me after the heartbreak I'd endured.

And it did, but now the cycle is happening again. And I have no hope that if he leaves me, I'll be OK. I won't be. Because now I know I am worthless, useless, a burden. I know now that it really is me, not them. Nobody will ever truly love me, maybe I could find love again, but I know it would end just the same way. I can't do this again. I won't. If I lose him, I will end it.

He was the only thing driving my life forward. We had plans, to get married, to buy a house, he was living with me. If that gets pulled out from under me I have nothing to look forward to but the whole thing happening over again with some other poor soul. 

I have friends, but two of my closest ones moved away this year for their master's degrees and will likely stay there. They are happy and have their whole lives ahead of them, I do nothing for them but bring them down. I like my job but I don't make enough money to have a very bright future, I only make enough to live. My debt is years if not decades away from being paid off. The only thing I would ever consider staying for is my family, it would devastate them and I love them dearly, but they too will be gone one day, and even now I can't keep burdening them, showing up at their house in tears and having them console me week after week. It would be fairer to them for me to leave.

What a testament it is to my weakness and uselessness that I can't even deal with the thought of this breakup without feeling suicidal; I can't even wait to see if it actually happens. If he stays with me, I don't deserve it. 