For the first time in a long time, I'm seriously considering suicide.I think a common misconception about suicidal people is that we want to die. In reality, we just see death as the lesser of two bad things.  
I'm transgender. My mom knows, and my brother knows. My brother is the most accepting. My mom is accepting to a lesser extent. Mostly, she just doesn't want to get involved because it stresses her out.  
My dad, though, hates LGBT people. With a burning passion. And it occurred to me recently that if my dad were to find out my mom knows of my gender identity and didn't tell him, it would destroy their relationship. And when he finds out, he will not love me or accept me anymore. That's not the only reason I'm thinking of offing myself, though.  
The world is on its knees. Our president is trying to get this military parade to drive through the capital, which is as terrifying and nationalistic as he can legally be. He said that people who didn't clap for him are treasonous. The penalty for treason is death. My town is getting hate groups. Lots of incidents lately, and I just don't feel safe where I live. And on a global scale, I feel like the world as we know it won't last more than another 10-20 years at best.  

I'm also lazy. I can never get the motivation to follow through on anything. And I'm mentally slow. I enjoy reading and things. But I'm just too dense and unmotivated to finish college and get certified to do anything I actually want. So instead I'm just riding a trade school path for people with aspergers and becoming a CNA. So, being a trans person, I'll be scrubbing old people who think I'm a freak of (non) nature.  
Like I said, I've got aspergers and I am additionally not at all attractive. I've only ever had one girlfriend, and that only lasted for a little less than a year. I'm completely inept with dating, and I always fear I'll die alone. I'm not usually considered a "real" girl by woman who like woman, and 99% of the guys who are interested are just either desperate, or have a fetish for trans woman.  


I always thought that being sensitive was a good thing. But it's been my downfall. That maybe I could do something to unite humans. But I lack any drive or motivation. I'll promise myself I'll do something, and then I just can't do it. I can't make myself. I just feel that I'm too weak for this world. I don't really want to die, but I feel it would by far be the best solution, and I'm having fewer and fewer alternatives as time goes on.