Continual depression and suicidal ideationHello reddit,

This is my first time posting however I have often been reading for years. Throughout 5 years of my life I was heavily bullied within my school, I would often be punched and attacked with items or be called names and generally made fun of, this escalated about two years ago when I sank into a major depression, nothing felt good, I was constantly thinking about how to commit suicide and I just generally felt horrible for this whole time.

Approximately a year after the start of this major depression I finally decided to go to a Psychiatrist, where I was diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and Anxiety Disorder, this was around February 2010 and I was prescribed Fluoxetine (Prozac) 20mg daily. I've been taking it for a year now and although it has stopped the “severe” part of my depression in that I no longer constantly think about suicide, I still feel awful most times and at least once daily I will be suicidal. The main problem I have is when I started on the Fluoxetine I thought that everything will be fine after this (especially as I had already suffered a year of untreated depression) however there seems to be no end. I've tried everything I can think of, I've tried exercising and changing my diet along with all the other ridiculous suggestions my psychiatrist has come up with however nothing seems to work.

I have constantly had problems with attendance whilst I have been at school and in Year 11 (England) I just stopped attending half way through the year due to my severe depression. I still managed to do fairly well in my GCSEs however now that I've moved onto sixth form, I still cannot find myself able to attend everyday. They are aware of it and are also quite supportive, however going in two days in a week doesn't feel acceptable to me. I will either have severe stomach pain (separate condition) or I would just feel horrible and be stuck in my bed all day thinking of nothing just with general feelings of worthlessness and suicide. I wouldn't say that I'm immediately at risk of suicide, however I feel as though I am running out of patience, it has been two solid years where I have not been happy and I don't think that I can handle it anymore.

I know that you will most likely find this pathetic, but I love someone over the internet. This wasn't met through a dating website or anything we just met how I meet most people on the internet through friends and various online games. It has probably been 2 years since I met him and I have always been highly attracted, however there is one problem and that is he is a great distance away from me. I can assure you this isn't a ridiculous Justin Bieber teenage love, I have never loved anyone before and I knew that I loved him even before he sent me a picture of himself. I've told him however he does not feel the same way about me, which makes me rather disappointed as I have helped him through his depressive phases as well as the fact I've made various gifts for him (not physical, think more use of technology to create images and various pieces of text). 

Along with this I have a problem about him, when I met him he was what most people would class as a geek however ever since he has been going to university he has suddenly changed. I know some of you are extremely pro-cannabis however he has been smoking it rather chronically (5 days a week sometimes) and I know that it is not the worse drug, but with it's links in medical studies to mental disorders as well as the fact he already has occasional suicidal ideation I am extremely concerned for him. I've tried talking with him about it and I have managed to get him to reduce it to only 2 or 3 times a week however, I still feel as though it should be more of  a rare thing especially with his problems he has. For everyone else, I don't care if they consume drugs before now I've never objected to anyone smoking Cannabis or taking any other form of drug however I love him and I don't want him to end up with severe depression like me.

You will most likely advise me to find someone local however, I find that I cannot talk with people as well as I can online. I have some friends with whom I can talk with, but I can never discuss any personal issues with them and we share barely any interests, I think they are just friends with me as I talk to them rather than any shared interest or like of me. I just feel that I can never be able to be close to someone I met locally as it is rather difficult compared to online.

I'm extremely serious about this and would be willing to move to the country where he lives and even get a rather low paying job just so that I can be with him as he is the only person who can make me happy. 

I don't know what to do, I feel so lonely and isolated and I don't think I can cope much longer like this. 