A lonely way to dieWell well, here we are good sirs, end of the line. Dead man walking. Not sure why I'll post this on the internet, but well, as most people considering suicide know, it becomes rather... obsessive thus I found myself stumbling upon this little gem of the internet.

So lets get to business, I shall be posting this to explain why I'm doing what I'm going to do (kill myself.....yeah), perhaps some of you would actually feel some sympathy for me, god knows noone in my life will, so rather explain it to you, than them. 

- 20 years of age, unemployed, left school with no grades or education, never worked in my life, never accomplished anything, have no talents, never even kissed a girl, infact lets step that up a notch, never even talked to the female species for more than four-five seconds, extremely pale due to this isolation and psychosis beating the shit out of me for the past 7 years, rather ugly aswell. 

I am a leech upon this world, nothing good has ever or will ever come from me, I am only able to function due to my father paying for my life, I have bought him and the rest of my family, nothing but stress, pain and needless problems. They don't care for me anymore, I have one real friend, no social life, nothing. I will never be a productive member of society, the longer I carry on the more I leech off hardworking tax payers and my family, the longer I live, the more damage I contribute to the enviroment I live in, the people around me. 

I have been going over this objective analysis of my life for a long time now and then it hit me, so clear, so pure the irony of it, my death would be the one redeeming deed, the only good thing I will ever contribute to this world. 

This is not a cry for help, I tried those already in my own...pathetic little way, but well I have an obligation to be a man and best not to further stress my Mom, Dad and Sister with my irrelevance. 

So Mesdames, Messieurs, I am sorry for my weakness, inferiority, lack of intelligence, lack of will to better myself, being the only dissapointment in my family and most importantly for not coming to this conclusion sooner. I shall atone, will pay one last visit to the park I played in as a child, bottle this vodka, then do it. Farewell.