I feel empty, I've got nothing leftI've been suffering from depression for a couple of months now. It sort of came out of nowhere. It made no sense at the time because everything in my life was wonderful and happy and I had no reason to be so miserable. Slowly it began destroying everything. I tried an SSRI but it made things significantly worse.

Throughout it all my boyfriend supported me. It was so hard for us and it challenged us so much, but he stuck by me. I told him everything and he supported us throughout. Yesterday, after what had been a brilliant couple of days, he broke up with me. We always kept having silly little arguments. I know they were triggered by how stressful everything had been, because of me, but for the most part we had been having such good times and being so good to each other. I tried to get him to stay, but he wouldn't, he'd made up his mind. I waited until I was in a more sane mood and sent him a long email telling him everything that I felt. I know he read it, but he hasn't replied. I won't send him another, I know I shouldn't have done that in the first place.

I've tried everything I can think of. I've got anxieties out of nowhere. All I can think about is the fact that I need him, and that I'm nothing without him. I spent years in university to qualify for a job that I hate. This morning I got an email from a new course that I wanted to start telling me my qualifications were enough that I could do a conversion course. Only, I can't, because since then I got diagnosed with severe depression, and it's one of those careers where a history of depression is enough that you're unable to do it. And I just want to tell my ex about this and share with him, but I can't, I know I can't contact him again.

I've tried everything I can think of but I can't pull myself out of this. I have the stupid irrational sadness from depression and now the logical sadness from this. It's all building up so much. He was never completely my life, I still had friends. I've texted fifteen people. One has agreed to meet over the weekend. The others are all busy with their own things. It's fair enough. I've tried getting out and doing things but it's just no hope. I'm not improving, I'm getting worse. I no longer know what to do. I can't keep going like this.