I wish I was deadI just want to die. All I feel like doing is sitting around not doing shit until I can find some way to bum some money off of someone so I can go buy a dime and smoke it in the afternoon. In the meantime All I feel like doing is playing video games. And I haven't even begun to pursue either of those two things. Life fucking sucks without them. They are admittedly my entire life pretty much and I can't really stand to be constantly pursuing anything else. And I haven't even touched them in a week. It hurts man. I feel like pathetic piece of shit, but I can't change. I just want to be dead, but really, that's probably just another way of saying "I wish I was absolved of responsibility" which really is just my shitty, immature way of saying I desperately wish to be completely 100% free, but I'm not really. We all have things in life we are tied down by. I don't know man I'm trying to look for a job but I know I'm doing as good of a job of that as I know I could. It's just hard. It's like life constantly demands you to rip yourself off the couch and completely forget about the "rewards" of life, only indulging in them when life pretty much allows you to. I don't want the things I do in my life like playing guitar, playing video games, and smoking weed to suddenly become things that are only enjoyed very temporarily. I don't want them to become special by virtue of the fact that they are only available to be responsibly enjoyed on a rare basis. Maybe I'm just being too entitled. It's not like I expect anyone else to provide me with these things. It's just complete suicide fuel to know that some of those things will have to be put on the back-burner at all times, while others, like smoking weed, will have to go entirely. I don't care if i'm addicted man I don't care. I don't want to have to replace smoking with some kind of work, but that's really my only option if I'm going to have a shot at a larger pool of jobs. And then I guess you could say that I can always just calm down and accept what I want out of life and just do what I can to be happy, but that's bullshit because it's not like I have any way to pay rent so obviously if I just give up like I'd essentially like to I'll just be kicked out eventually and shamed by everyone around me. I mean I just barely saved my ass two months ago when I told my parents I actually will try to get my life on track but I don't know. I  didn't just say that to buy myself time, but goddamn I guess this is how that's turning out in a way. I don't know man I just don't know. I fucking hate what my life has become.

 Wake up, take care of everything I need to responsibly, keep in touch with my siblings to coordinate our lives with one car, eat whatever is available, whenever it is available, think of things I own to sell, read, write, look for jobs, look into doing my taxes. Ugh. I fucking hate it all man you have no idea, if ONLY because life really demands that you work a lot faster in general than I am even used to. Like to get all of the chores done in the morning it takes a lot of fucking effort, and then there is no time for rest. If there is, the only responsible option is maybe a 10 minute break at best and then it's back at it. Honestly, this is probably why I have been so hesitant to go back to work. I know that I'm just being a lazy piece of shit. I know that I am responsible for forming the right habits. But I don't know. Maybe I'm just saying this as an excuse not to get anything done, but this shit really just makes me wish I was dead. I don't give a shit about what happens to my soul after I die anymore. Maybe I'm just being a lazy piece of shit again not taking responsibility for the  trajectory of my soul in the afterlife, but then I have to think can I really be expected to care? I don't know man I just don't know. Look at me. Constantly bitching. I just wish I was dead. 