Help me deal with my depressed friend?I have been long-distance online friends with this person for about 4 years. 

A couple months ago, she went from texting me all day every day, to maybe a couple times per week. I overreacted and got needy. She was in college, had new roommates, a new social life, she's really pretty so she was getting a lot of attention. When she talked to me it was cold and distant. I was hurt that she was putting me on the backburner, but deep down I understood that life is just like that. 

I sent her an email that said I wanted to still be friends, but it was too hard for me right now, and I wish her the best. She replied with her phone number and said to call her if I come to her city. 

A couple weeks later I contacted her again. Because I missed her. She was still just as cold and distant. She said she tried to kill herself. She didn't finish the semester because she was in the hospital. 

That was about a month ago. She still isn't herself. I try and try to be there for her, but she refuses to give anything back, and it's breaking me down. When I force her to admit she wants to keep me and she cares about me, she does, but nothing about her behavior indicates it. 

She told me yesterday she is pushing away me and everyone else who cares about her and letting the strangers stay in her life and that she wants to die and the only thing keeping her from killing herself is that people love her. The implication, I think is that she's trying to eliminate the obstacles to suicide. And it's hard for me not to come across as pathetic and needy for not just cutting her out of my life. I've sent her something like 50 sweet text messages today, and she opens them immediately but isn't replying. I want to be patient with her, but I don't know if it matters.  

I want to keep her in my life. But I want her to be the person she was before. I wake up crying every morning because I miss her so much. If it was just a fight and we were done, I could probably move on. But she (if she's being honest with me) seems seriously fucked up and not herself right now. I don't want to throw away 4 years of friendship because she's temporarily depressed and hateful. 

And this is all about me. How to I go from 2 weeks of me saying variations of "Why are you hurting me? Please stop being mean." to asking her to tell me what she's feeling and help me understand her pain, in a way that validates what's she's experiencing and that also elicits a reply from her? Because right now I'm getting nothing. 

At this point I don't know what I can or should do. 