I don’t know what to doAs a forewarning, I don’t want to turn this into a pity party. I really don’t want blind comfort and would greatly appreciate true advice. As an additional disclaimer, I’m not too sure how Reddit works. Previously, I never would have considered posting on a forum such as this, but I feel as if I’ve run out of options and had recalled that this forum had been an outlet for an old friend of mine. Anyways, I understand if no one reads through my whole rant; I acknowledge that I write a lot and it can be a drag to read through it all. However, I would greatly appreciate it if at least a handful of you are willing to give me any degree of advice.

So....about me. Long story short, I’m a female high school student who is on track to getting an AA degree by next year, yet still simultaneously failing a good majority of my classes. I’ve never had more than a handful of friends at a time, nor have they been the kindest of people. I’ve been a cutter since middle school, and have only just recently begun to cut back on doing so. I’ve also been psychologically abused by previous boyfriends, as well as blackmailed into performing acts I was vehemently opposed to. As a result of rumors and pictures of me being released that expose me in an unconsentual and indecent manner, I made the decision to change schools in hope of a new beginning elsewhere. Unfortunately, my optimism failed me and I found myself in yet another uncomfortable situation. This time, I found myself unbelievably alone and without a support group to rely on. To make matters worse, I became paranoid of neglect and would cling onto anyone who got relatively close to me. Granted, it wasn’t the same as before, but abandonment seemed to sting even more than mockery. After two years of social isolation, I received a proposal to attend another school with greater prestige, which I graciously accepted.

This leaves me where I am today. Although it is true that I have many friends, I have none that I can truly rely on. My boyfriend, who I care for deeply, is unintentionally abusive and I don’t want to leave him–for not only my sake, but his own. My grades are suffering not because of a lack of intelligence but rather a lack of will.

I have previously attempted suicide, but was saved by my own fear combined with the concern of a previous boyfriend. Although I had hoped my urges would go away with time, they have yet to do so and I honestly don’t think I want to put up with them anymore. I’m really trying to keep my head above water, but I’m not even sure if it’s worth the effort it requires. I’ve been on the verge of suicide yet again for the past week or so and I think this is my last attempt at closure or recovery or whatever I need.

In closing, I’m not even sure where to go from this point. Suicide seems like the easy way out, but I don’t feel as if there’s any other option beyond that to fixing my issues. I’m fairly open to suggestions, so I would greatly appreciate any input. Thank you.