I wish I didn't exist. I am going to kill myself soon. Nothing will or can change my mind. I have decided.  

I am not looking for answers, recommendations or help. I just want to express how I feel.

I have decided on what I will be doing. I have finalized committing suicide. I don't want to be alive anymore. I just want to die. For years now, all I have been doing is smiling in front of people, bringing good vibes, making laughter and putting smiles on everyone faces when all I have been is sad. Everybody loves me and my personality. I just never showed my negative side. No one in my family or my friends knows how I'm feeling because I don't let them. You can never truly understand someone feelings or judge anyone unless you are placed in a position that is similar.

I was never like this. I never had a thoughts of wanting to die or committing suicide. I used to hear about stuff like these all the time growing up. I never understood why someone would want to take their own life until now. I have come to realized it is the constant pain that we are living in every day. 

Anyways, one of the main reasons I want to commit suicide is because of the illness I have and my penis. I currently have a deadly “Heart Disease." This has affected me in every aspect of my life such as relationships, work etc. I have passed out and fainted several times. At times I have been near death and some days I feel like I’m slowly suffocating and have intense pain all over. I am 6 ft in height. I have a good body structure and not bad looking. Ladies are always flocking towards me for sex etc or liking me but I have to turn them all down because I know how flawed I am as well as to save myself the embarrassment. Furthermore I am the type of person, if I am loving someone, I will love only that one person and give them my 100%. So even If nothing was wrong with me, I wouldn't cheat on her. Anyways, I used to have a 7.5 inch penis with 5 inch girth in my early twenties, so I used to be fine and never had a sexual problems. Recently, over time it gradually decreased and shrink both in length and girth as my sickness got worse. I have been to the doc but with no avail. I am now 6 inches with 4 inch girth and with a VERY weak erection. Sometimes I don't get any erection at all and there is no feeling when having sex. So I can no longer have sex and I am only 27 years of age. 

This had cost me two relationships with persons that I really loved and I have said to myself that I will keep myself away from people and not try to love. My most recent one was with a girl that I sincerely love dearly. We met at our workplace of this year. When I first saw her, it was like the whole entire world froze and all I could see, was her beauty as she moves in such grace gliding by my eyes in an elegant motion. It was like for moment, everything was in slow motion. I was just stunned to have witness such beautiful soul in my presence. I liked her and wanted to know more about her, but I had to remained kool and kept my composure as I didn't want to seem like every other guy that went after her. As they say, what will happen, will happen. I slowly started making my way around her with a little chitchat there and a little chitchat here. Over time, things began to progress between me and her and a connection started to develop. Everything was fiery, we always laughed and talked and she always wanted to see and be around me. Lol I’m not going to lie, I never thought for a second she would talk to me as I thought she was way out of my league. In my eyes, she’s the most beautiful girl I had ever seen. One evening, I offered to follow her to the bus stop to get a bus. That night after placing her on a bus and I walk back to my bus stop, I texted her saying, "I was hoping I could get a little more time with you." And she responded and said, "Why?" Here I am again, trying to play it kool to not admitting that I like her dearly.

Anyways long story short, we admitted to liking each other. And from there things started. I never told her my problems as I was scared. I had failed at sex the first time with her as my problems was fucking me up. At that point in time, I told her about my disease and why I am like this and believe me, I broke down as a man and started to cry. She’s the first to see me shred tears. From then, she has been with me with my problems. She says she loves me regardless and that she can make me happy. However, I slowly started noticing how things began to change and fade away, I expected this. She no longer had the urge to see or be around me. She once stated that she needs more out of sex. She started to fake orgasms, the affection becoming less and less. When I mention these things to her she disregarded, got angry and went on to even tell more lies to try and comfort me. I have been trying to push her away telling her to leave and go be happy with someone else as I will never make her happy. With my situation, I will never be happy and I don’t want to drag her down in my mess either as I saw how my depression was seeping over on her. I know within that I am going to kill myself regardless and I never wanted her around when I am doing that. By the time comes for me to take my own life, I wanted her to already be happy with someone else. Not around me when it happens for her to be sad. I have been depressed before meeting her and I know I shouldn’t have gotten involved with her knowing my flaws but for a moment I thought MAYBE, maybe things would work but my body just got worse. I am in tears writing all of this. It's so fucking hard telling the person you love, to love someone else, when you know how deeply you love and care for them. I know it wouldn't work out and that if we continue being with each other, we will only ended up hurting each other more. She would become sexually devastated and would cheat on me as I can’t satisfy her and then that would only make me more depressed than how I already am. I don't care what anyone says, sex is the CORE of every relationships and it is what makes the feeling between you and your partner deepens. Without sex, a relationship will crumble big time. I truly love her and wished that I had the chance of being the one to marry and make her happy for the rest of our lives, but that’s something I will never have a chance at. And even though I’m hurting that she’s not around anymore as I have pushed her away, I have to say it was the best thing I did, I can’t allow her to sacrifice her happiness for mines. Otherwise, she really tried with me and for that, I will always appreciate her. At least someone else will do a better job at making her happy at the things I can’t do. I always want her to be happy, even if that happiness doesn’t comes from me, I still support her and I still want to see that beautiful smile of hers. That’s how much of a genuine person I am. Nevertheless, people lives can be fucked up. Not by choice but by circumstances they have no control over. Every time I think about the life I could have, it tears me down. I am shattered in pieces. Only had I been normal, we would be together, I would have the life I imagined with her. I just wish I was never born to be living in this pain. The next guy that ends with up her, all I can say is that, he will be so lucky to have such a girl. She is everything a man could ever asked for. I hope he treats her well and make sure she feels well deserved and loved.   
 

Lastly, I am not doing this because of her not being with me no more. I am doing this because I have been suffering far too long and I need it to stop. For the persons out there who are suffering under the quiet, just know that I feel and understand your pain.

I will be ending this pain very soon.