Trigger warning; vent
Really suicidal. Broke up with ex boyfriend a week and 2 days ago. No contact for entire duration except when i had to go get my stuff back from him and it was swift and we talked about nothing else. He was a bad boyfriend; no regrets.

I (21 f) lost my best friend (ex) in the process. I didn’t have anyone else and nothing to hope for except our lives together and the fun and adventures we had. I hate my home situation and living with my parents and siblings whom I hate a lot to the point where thats just whats making me suicidal because I have no distractions now. I just feel like there’s no point. I still live with them because I want to get a masters degree and have to save up for it so I can afford it but I don’t know if I’ll survive here any longer. 

Today was my first day of work and it was awful. They had nothing set up for me and forgot to forward important links and emails to me like I just suddenly walked in and got the job when in reality I’ve been in the process of getting hired since August so they knew I was coming and yet failed to have anything planned and I don’t have a district email (i work at a school) or anything and didn’t know shit and they hadn’t contacted me before either the damn fuck ups. I spent the day on the library floor reading because there was absolutely no work for me to do today which is their own fault because I was more than willing and ready to jump right in like I have in my previous jobs also in schools. 

At this point I feel really angry and mad and like there’s really no point. I get my masters and work and so what? What then? Same shit different levels. It really gets me wondering whats the point? Why not expedite the process? Everything feels so pointless to be honest and just so shitty. 

They want me to join in the classrooms through zoom tomorrow but the whore that printed my email information for me (she was supposed to forward it to me in august but didnt and i had to go twice to her today to get it because she kept forgetting) printed the wrong one and I can’t access anything and have absolutely no one to ask although I did email the head teacher showing her the printed paper and the chrome book screen saying it’s not the right email. I don’t know what the fuck they expect me to do now those fucktards.

I hate my parents and siblings so fucking much so so so fucking much if I had money and was graduated from my ba at least already id leave and never contact them again but I’ve been waiting my whole life for that window of escape and still it hasn’t come and I can’t leave now unless I’m okay with being homeless or in debt which I’d rather die than do.

In a way, I _am_ dying.

I am in therapy. 

I just need a friend that could distract me from this bullshit and now that abusive shit head bf is gone I have no one; check past reddit post on my profile to see how my ex and gene pool associates are like.

Tl; dr: dont. Its not worth your time and its all fucking bullshit anyway