One day...Right now I'm somewhere in the midst of my third (that I can remember) period of suicidal ideation. I read and think about it a lot. I make mental plans of how and where, and if nothing else just hope that when the time does eventually come its as quick and easy as I can possibly make it. 
I have a husband and a daughter, two things that keep me rooted to my mortal coil. Not that I deserve them, nor do they deserve to be attached to a failure of a human such as myself. Life is a constant balancing act. Tired of living, but knowing what I would leave behind would damage the two people I love the most as much as I am damaged right now.
Life for me has never been on an upward trajectory. Every action usually comes with an equal, and often opposite reaction.
Have a baby? Great, prepare to find out 10 years later you've become naturally infertile.
Get married? Sure, just to spend the rest of my life mentally and financially draining my poor husband because my own career prospects are slim to none.
Get a job? Okay, but you gotta work menial jobs in the catering industry with a long term back problem for the rest of your life, because you were a horrendously mediocre student, didn't go to university, are thousands in debt because you don't earn enough to get by, therefore sponging off your husband and long suffering parents.
Every attempt to better myself or my situation has been met with a brick wall. The doctors dont care, my few friends all have their own lives going on so I don't want to inflict my misery on them. My parents are getting old now, they don't need me as a constant burden. My husband and daughter have a much better chance of making their lives better long term without me around dragging them down. I feel like a walking, talking appendix. Ultimately useless and not needed, my only functions are obsolete or undesirable. I often wish I would develop an aggressive illness and die swiftly, at least then I wouldn't leave behind any unanswered questions or loose ends.