I dont want to die. I dont want to keep breathing.I use to drink often, I stopped. I'm very intoxicated so I might be all over. Shit happens right. 

I've been depressed for so fucking long it hurts to think about. At 13, 16, 19 everyone says it'll get better. I'm 23 and nothing's gotten any better.
I had a 3 year relationship and she threw me to the curb. I had a 2 year relationship following (after a break from  the 1st, we only dated a year but were close/fuck buddies for a year leading to it) and we broke up tonight, fun fact we still live together until july. My depression doesn't stem from relationships, there's a plethora of things contributing to it. I think I'm out of my depth on this one. We were fuck buddies because I didn't want another relationship. I didn't want to give someone a chance to hurt me again. 
She was moving for school and I couldn't bare the thought of losing her so I asked her to date and we planned and did move in together.
I've punched myself in the face because it's less damaging then cutting myself. I think at this point if I self harm it'll be the end. I promised myself that long ago though I didn't follow through the last time I started cutting myself. This time I think I would, one  pump of adrenaline is all it would take then I wouldn't be hurt anymore. 
I left all my friends for her, I moved an hour away for her. I dont see a point in living, I dont see a point in eating or sleeping. 
I dont know what I'm expecting fro. This honestly, I have noone but my sister and I hate being a burden on her (though tonight she may have kept me here). I know how I'd do it, it would be a 10 minute trip to get what I need. I dont want to but I have nothing and noone. No friends, out.of my family only my nana and sister talk to me. I've texted my dad yesterday and today about a car issue and that's the most we've talked in 2 days than I can remember. Usually it's around 1 a month, sometimes more sometimes less.
I'm a burden on everyone. I think the world would be a better place. All I can think about is putting a knife against my throat and givin' er. 
Relationships didn't cause this, certainly attributed. No friends, no family, noone to hurt if I die. I dont know what I was hoping to accomplish with this post but I think its pushed me farther towards doing it. 
I hope you have a good day, thanks for taking a few minutes to read my messy thoughts.

Tldr: have a good day.