I fucked myself. AGAIN. I would kill myself right now if I could.Background: Crippling SAD which caused MDD.  Diagnosed with NOS personality disorder.  Schizoid and borderline traits.  Did therapy, 3 different SSRIs, abstained from alcohol, everything I was fucking supposed to.  Relevant username.  

Event:  Paranoid of getting identified so excuse the vagueness.  A critical opportunity arose that more then meet my expectations.  You could say it was even a dream in an otherwise desolate environment filled with few other options, all unsavory.  And I fucked it up.  I wanted to be cautious and consult with a trusted advisor before I moved forward.  This cost me the opportunity.  Didn't move fast enough. I did EVERY.FUCKING.THING.RIGHT and in turn I fucked myself.  So many "If only I had X" thoughts.  Yeah, I get it, the world's unfair but GOD.FUCKING.DAMN.IT this is just beyond cruel.  You take someone already on the verge of suicide, you give them an amazing opportunity, make them actually believe it's achievable, get them to power through all their demons, and then, when they are at the height of actually feeling normal (even excited), you reveal it was all a sick, evil, CRUEL joke.

Emotions: FUCKING.LIVID, Distraught, Despondent and inconsolable. 

Currently:  Drinking.  I drink the hard stuff but I guess I'm on drink number 5 maybe. Oh, forgot to add, I'm also a diagnosed alcoholic (It's now known as alcohol abuse disorder).  Grabbed some sleeping pills as well.  They help decrease tolerance, but if they happen to stop my heart, hey, even better.

Plan:  I've already formulated and prepared a plan and all of the [requirements] (https://i.ytimg.com/vi/a5yeJEkvBbU/maxresdefault.jpg) are in place.  I already planed to kill myself regardless, but this just cements the thought.  And maybe moves the timetable forward.  

Preventatives:  Suicide hurts people, this I know.  Some level of hurt is unavoidable, however in my present situation (as well as the holidays) I would cause excessive undo pain.  And then there's not having a will.  I don't want a single penny going to my narcissistic human filth parents. I had originally planned on following through in late Jan / early Feb but now, well.....fuck.  Who gives a shit.

Last:  I'm so fucking sick of this shit happening to me.  I'll even admit, some of it was my own doing, but most of it was undeserved.  I'm tired of feeling this way.  Of summoning the last bit of effort I have to get my shit together only to be raped in the ass.  I feel like life just spit in my face and told me "omg lol jk loser, kill yourself".

INB4:  Call anyone (cops/hospital/whatever).  I won't because 1) I have an unreasonable fear of making phone calls and 2) already been hospitalized, it was boring as fuck and did little to help me.


  