It's a long post-crisis post. You don't have to read this.Hey. I don't know how to do these things. I just got off the phone with the suicide hotline lady, I cancelled my appointment with the social worker who's trying to keep me alive. I'm fresh off an attempt so I'm shaky and I'm sorry if I make no sense. It's a fucking lot of text but I feel like I need to say... things.

Who am I? I'm 26, female, average looking at best but funny at least, single, socially awkward because I act weird and only realize it later, pretty smart, teacher to be, I'm graduating in a year after dropping out of school multiple times and I was supposed to do a Masters but I'm not really thinking in future tense much anymore. Diagnosed with your good ol' pal depression since 2015, my only stable relationship in life. I live with my folks, a younger sister and brother and an uncle. My dad's pretty verbally abusive, he calls me fat and worthless and (he speaks French) so he calls me an épave, which is a shipwreck because I sank and I'm not getting back up. He calls my depression a weakness and tells me to toughen up and I try but it's so fucking exhausting. My mom kind of sort of understands because she's had depression but she's not like, educated about it in the sense that she doesn't understand why someone with opportunities like me gets to be depressed. My brother is a recovering anorexia survivor and my sister is 12, I haven't really talked to my brother in years despite living with him and my sister is, well, 12.

I'm someone who tries really hard to show I'm worth it. Maybe it's because I have impostor syndrome and I feel like I have to justify my part in everything or because I'm a person of color and I was always told to work twice as hard as everyone else. It drives me nuts, I set impossible ass goals for myself and seriously, it's getting the best of me. My first attempt was when I was 12, got into some honors program bullshit for high school and I didn't want the pressure that came with that, I think, or I just really liked how the rope felt around my neck and how liberating it felt to think about being gone but my little brother came out to the backyard where I was and asked if I wanted to play, so I went to play instead. I never thought much of it. I tried again in December 2015, it just wasn't going well in my head anymore, I was struggling with my sexuality, not being able to do well at work, at that time I was coping with recent sexual assault from a man I don't know and will never find again (and I'm kind of used to this shit, I mean, I was assaulted as a child many times but it felt so much more wrong as an adult and the police could not help me with no leads on him after 48 hours) and my self-image was shit because I thought attractive = potential dangerous so I let myself get fat as hell. I cried for no reason all the time and I couldn't concentrate in school and I was so frustrated because I didn't understand anything and my professor called me out for being physically here but not mentally so, I just bawled in front of the man. I failed his class, it's a core class for a program where only 50 or so people get in every year. I don't know why but it triggered a need to immediately die. I tried to hang myself with a fucking sweater of all things and failed miserably because the knot came loose. I called a helpline, they called the cops, I was kept there for a while, therapy, lost my job over that two week leave the hospital gave me, got medicated, took a break from school. Then I stopped everything because I felt so judged by my family. I threw the pills away, I stopped seeing professionals. Cold turkey. Just stopped. I was broke anyways and paying for that made me more miserable.

I tried my best. I saturated myself with classes and found solace in transposing the love I have trouble expressing to those I love to one of my old interests: (please don't judge me) KPop, especially SHINee. I dedicated myself to it, like, fangirl crazy levels of it. I used it as a crutch for a lot damn time and it made me very happy and the music and the colorfulness of it all, it was a great escape. Didn't even have to talk about it, it was like my treasure. Video games, also. Writing. Sometimes I danced. I joined a sorority. Things like that. Still couldn't keep a goddamn job, still slept too long or not enough, still ate my emotions. 

Then a fucking miracle happened: I kept 2 jobs (at the same time) for like 7 months, started working out/dieting, got a Fitbit to monitor my sleep. I somehow felt in control. I emerged with a fantastic bump in my GPA, getting hired part-time by a school after my first internship despite not having a teaching license yet, getting a higher-than-minimum-wage second part-time job (no more grocery stores and restaurants, what?) I have fantastic friends who understand me, my best friend moved across the globe and we still keep in touch, I grew to love helping people because I was in a place where it wasn't as demanding for me to be there and I could guide people. For the first time in my life, I could say achieved things. Many of them. Surviving being the biggest one.

And yet. I felt fucking empty. Like none of this matters. Like this is what I'm supposed to do anyways and it's just automatic; I exist, I don't really feel like I'm living. All of it could vanish tomorrow and I wouldn't even care. Like I felt like I didn't want to live enough and I didn't want to die enough. Just limbo. Just existing. Realizing how my little girl dream of being a teacher meant nothing to me anymore really hurt me, now I'm not sure I love it, it's super stressful to be giving kids the tools that will build our future, but I know I'm damn good at it and those kids love me. I'm doing what I am good at, not what I love. I love things I'm not good at. I love technology for example, would have loved to work in that, but I'm shit at maths so I thought about a master's in Educational Technology to mix what I love and what I'm good at without the pressure of being engineer-levels of good at math. Now, I don't know if I want to do that. I just want the goddamned bachelors because I want to be able to say "hey, I did a thing and here it is." I don't particularly care for that either, I  just want my dad to be able to show it to his friends or something so he knows I wasn't always useless.

I never stopped doing some little things like not wearing a seatbelt ever, spending like I'm never gonna need that money, being a bit reckless in general and not even understanding till someone tells me THAT WAS DANGEROUS. I also do not see a doctor when I'm sick, lowkey hoping it's fatal so there's something to blame if I'm gone. (Like, I have symptoms of diabetes and it killed a few people in my family and I'm 100% not bothered enough to get it checked.)

Then, December 18th of last year happened, I just had my birthday and all, was bracing myself for the holidays I despise so... And then the lead singer of my favorite group committed suicide. I don't know how or why, I never met the guy, but that really fucked me up. I related to him a lot because when he was more candid about who he is, he sounded like me a lot. He was successful, good-looking, great at what he does and yet, depression got him. How did the person who brought so much light to me and pulled me out of my darkness ended up succumbing to it? He planned it all so carefully, and because of media coverage about it, I learned how he did it and that it's painless and it was so inspiring for all the wrong reasons. At first I felt sad about his passing, then angry at the world for mistreating him, then angry at me, then guilty because I've been surviving, it all happened really fast and my head was pounding and I almost picked up a box cutter because I couldn't deal with the thoughts spinning in my head. It just threw all my darkness right back at me and I was in pain. It became a lot less about him and a lot more about me and how I've been putting my healing aside with placebos and crutches instead of addressing my issues or finishing treatment. Everything hurt, I was crying at work, oversleeping, not eating and though I was grieving, it was not about him that I was crying but about me. My crutches are gone and it's not even fair to him because he didn't ask to be that. I called a suicide hotline, they talked to me, I still think they think I'm fucking insane for being triggered by some man I never really met. They got me back on therapy with the same woman as last time. I thought I had it together.

I've been struggling with waking up, pushing myself to 'do the thing', I don't even want to talk to my sister and we talk everyday, I can't keep up in class since my brain is not retaining anything at all, my new jobs got real dull to me. I don't care if it all goes away. Limbo again. Except I'm leaning a lot more towards dying. I don't care enough to live, but I'm afraid to die for two reasons: One, guilt. I don't want my family to live with the pain of me being gone, so I stay alive. Two, pain, but since now I know there's a painless way to do it... I keep away from stores that have what I'd need to do it or leave my card at home when I know I'm going there because I don't trust myself to not buy it.

Today and yesterday were a lot. I maybe should have slept better, maybe I shouldn't have watched that posthumous video that was released. I called the hotline a few hours ago because it was a lot. Then I went to my room, quietly, even with my sister and mom upstairs and they saw me crying as I left. Looked up how to do it right, no rope so I DIYed that shit like Pinterest with the only belt I own that I got like last week. My throat didn't like that. I'm not good with pain. I tried again, stopping like "it hurts like a bitch" but it would just make everything else stop hurting so I tried two more times. Still a fucking pussy. Called my mom. Cried to her. Told her. She came down to see me. She asked me if I hate my family because why would I do this to them? It's not about even about them. I love them. Dearly. It's me that I don't love anymore. I hate myself, not them. She called my dad. They're talking about having me "taken away."

I still feel it around my neck. Despite the pain, it felt very comforting. Like the most forceful hug.

I've come to terms with the fact I'll do it someday if I figure out a sure way to do it that I can't fuck up. I don't know guys, I feel nothing. I don't want to go on but I also don't want to be here, I feel like there's nothing more I'm doing but wasting space, getting older, uglier and more bitter about not finding that "spark" that keeps people going. I'm just exhausted and needed something to do so I don't try again.