Can't trust anyone, anymoreI just can't trust any one anymore... My BF left me a few months ago and we were still talking, though not nearly as much as when we were together. I trusted him wholely, with all my secrets... Now I just found out he's completely done with me. 

As of late, I've been having a lot of 'episodes', which I just found out yesterday are panic attacks. My BF used to have them, and He always turned to me. Calling me in the middle of the night, and I always answered and helped him calm down and go back to sleep. A lot of the time he wouldn't even remember them, but I was fine with that. I didn't need the thanks and gratitude as long as he was better.

So today, i told him about my attacks and how awful they are. His response? "Yea, I have those."  Thinking he might be not catching on, I go on about how I always helped him when he had attacks. He didn't respond, so I texted again later on asking if he was busy. No response...So I figured he was getting annoyed by me.

I sent a long text, basically saying I would be here for him if he ever needed my help cause I knew how hard things are all alone. He responded with "Stop texting me." By now I had gotten home, and decided to messaged him on skype. I asked what was wrong, and to keep it short he said he was tired of my whining and complaining and was done pretending to be my friend.

I already had trust issues before this, but now I just can't trust anyone. My whole life, I've tried making friends. They would just always stab me in the back, or just stop contacting me all together. Now I'm all alone again...I don't remember how to deal with my problems all alone anymore. 

In my life I was always alone, but I was used to it. When I had my BF I had someone to trust and to confess my problems to, and to feel better. Now that I'm alone again I just...don't know what to do. Even as I type this now, i can feel my chest tighten and it's all I can do to keep this Panic attack at bay.

My father left last year, my mother doesn't agree with me being athiest and Bisexual, I have no job, no car, and money problems. I'm all alone and no one to turn to and I just...don't see the point of anything. My life has been nothing but shit. Things just keep gradually getting worse.

"You know... I'm never going to leave you....
But whatever you choose and where ever you go... I'll support and protect you.
Until you get exactly where you belong, I'll stay by your side.."

He said that to me, when we first started dating. And now look, he was just pretending to be friendly to me after he broke up with me only to go to a girl 2 weeks later...

I don't know what to do anymore...I just want to curl up and cry and never speak to anyone again.