I feel so stuck and pressured. I’m getting to that point again.Too much is going on at once in my life and I (21f) am so overwhelmed in every way. 

1. Currently in the process of selling and buying a house for my mother and grandfather. I have to do all the paperwork, lawyer talk, etc... because my mother doesn’t comprehend anything and my grandfather is no better. 

2. My grandfathers cancer came back,went through months almost a year now of health issues staying in the hospital and going to see him all day every day. Now that he’s home again he needs help and can’t be left alone. In result my mom has to work to pay the bills and I’m stuck home watching him and cannot work and haven’t been able to work. 

3. My late period ended up not being from stress and I’m pregnant! Totally terrified and not in any shape to keep it want to terminate. My boyfriend (24m)wants me to keep it but he says it’s the smart thing to do to abort. But keeps saying how much it’s going to hurt him and probably our relationship and how do you love someone so much and kill their kid. But tells me to do what I think is right don’t make him pressure me into having it and then I’ll resent him for the rest of my life. I already made an appointment to terminate and he knows but still says he hopes he changes his mind and keeps bringing it up and arguing about it. He is currently unemployed with over 1000 in tickets plus he has to fix his car which isn’t even driving at the moment. He still wants to keep it and thinks that everything would be fine but a kid is a LOT of money and they need love and attention ... I just don’t want to bring someone into the world and know that I could be giving them a better life and that they deserve a better one. Meanwhile he says you’re my best friend I love you no matter what but really it’s like he cares more about the pregnancy than me and my feelings/mental health/ stress. 

All of this just makes me want to be done. I can’t take all of this anymore. I’m making myself sick I just can’t take it. My boyfriend is well aware of everything that’s happening but still. I don’t know what to do anymore and ending everything is just looking better and better and better. I don’t even know why I’m even trying to reach out anymore. 