I can't take it anymore. I want to end it. Help me please.I am desperate. I hate life and it's all my own fault. I tryied to create this theard 4 times over, but every time I break down crying like a little kid who had his toy stolen. I managed to get enough anti-depressive pills inside me to finally get it of my chest.

Back when I was 14, I was a normal kid, I tihnk. I mean I always noticed some differences between myself and my fellow classmates, I was more introverted and I spent way more time thinking of stuff you don't normally think about when you're 14. But still, my childhood was kinda normal.
At 15 my mother passed away and my dad became an acoholic and drug addict. I have been living with him for next 2 years. I hated it, he was rude, mean and abusive all the time. My childhood ended right there. Completely at once. So sudden.
When I was 17 I realized I can not take it anymore and tryied to commit suicide, I failed. I became even more depressed, if I can not even kill myself, what the fuck am I good for?
I had this really good friend back then. We used to hang out every day after school, talking about everything. He knew. He knew and he wanted to help me. He convinced his parents to agree that I can live with them, if my dad agrees. They didn't request any money, my dad was more than happy to get rid of me, so I started my new life. For half of a year everything went just fine, I started to see colors again, I even thought I was starting to get emotionally accessible again. I am still not sure if that was just a silly illusion or I really started feel better.
After 7 months my friend got in troubles. He got in a bad deal on the street and it didn't end up well. I felt the need to help him, after everything he has done for me, I wanted to repay my debt. He needed ca. $6 000 in cash. I decided I will take a loan from a guy in the bar whom I know that does this type of business. 
I took the money and gave it to my friend. He looked really grateful and happy, told me that after school we are going to set everything right and he is gonna help me get the loan off my chest.
After school we went into city streets. Then he told me to follow him to a side-street, where I got attacked and beaten up by him and his fellow 2 friends. He fucking knew it. He knew I won't let him down and used me to get money. When I came back "home" I found all my things in front of the house, next to the trash. Nobody answered the door. I sat there for 6 hours crying. I called his phone, rang the door, knocked, everything. I couldn't believe all this time there was a mask on his face.
I went to classmates house and asked him if I can stay few nights over. So I stayed. I sold my mobile phone, gold necklace my mother gave me when I was born, my dads wedding ring, I dropped school and I wash cars during the day, while cleaning streets in the night for pretty much no money. I am still in about $2 000 debt and the guy is started being really abusive. He even threatens me. I know the only thing he can do to me is hurt me, physically and mentally, I have nobody who cares about me, so he can not threaten me with that.
So I am thinking, wouldn't it be better if I just end it here, hopeless little fuck, with absolutely zero vision for the future, no friends or family to back up with, nothing to look forward to. Please tell me I am not out of my mind by thinking this way. Is there anyone who can help me? Please. I don't want to live anymore, I really don't.