I’m getting blamed for my “friends” addiction.This June is the third year since my dear boyfriend died at age 33. It’s been hell.

I have a friend I’ve known since 2002, and he became an addict. I have tried to be there for him and it’s almost impossible to protect myself. I was close with his family for years and respectful. I cannot say he’s been the same towards me. Long and short of it - last week I came by and he said he had dope in the bathroom. Because I’ve lost so many ppl to the damn devil drug, I thought “great now I’m going to have to watch him” bc if he does overdose I need narcan! So I was there with a new guy friend (ugh dk about that) watching over him where he at times he was non responsive. At 5 am I went around his house looking for narcan and my friends dad flipped and yelled “WTF ARE YOU DOING?!?! GET THE FUCK OUT!” 

I mean.....then yeah we did leave. My friends dad kicked him out too I later found out. 

12 hours later my friend borrowed a car and totaled it, and he was found with a prescription bottle for anxiety meds from my purse on him. He also hit another car.

I called his mother to see how he was, and she said, because of me, this happened. He’s not talking to me and his parents are assholes. You’re all welcome I’ve been worried over your sons life, been upfront with you but still I get the blame.

That new guy friend is no one. Since my bf died I am SUPER protective of myself and honestly DO NOT believe “falling in love” or “catching feelings” will happen to me and I don’t give a flying fuck. My hearts been broken to the core you think I have patients or am after that?

So yeah I do feel guilty. Smh. I was in the hospital from a panic attack and my throat closed up on me. Think I expect my “friend” to give a shit? No.

I have tried to keep him sober and clean and motivated. He’s lied, he’s stolen and I shouldn’t even care. Verbal abuse you name it. It’s like he’s a great person one minute then he’s the devil. But I’ve tried to keep him alive! 

I’m just never feeling better, even if I stay away.  I wish I was dead everyday.