Slipping away again.I'm not sure how this goes, but I guess I'll just start talking. I absolutely hate my life. I wake up, I don't do anything, I work a shit job, then I repeat. Nothing is exciting anymore, nothing is any fun or even kind of interesting. I've been on 4 or 5 different anti-depressants, a few anti-pyschotics and a few anti-anxiety meds, and nothing helps at all. I sleep an average of three hours a night. Sleeping pills don't work either. 

In the past I've been in awful places, and have attempted suicide before. I thought I had finally beat it. I had a girlfriend I love, a job that at least payed decent, and a family that cared. I finally thought my life had at least something decent about it. 

My birthday was Saturday. I turned 20 and actually felt pretty good about it. I thought, y'no, maybe I can start life as an actual adult not hating everything about it. I made plans with my friends, only to have everybody dip on me at the last second. I end up going out by myself, lose a couple hundred at a casino, and come home to find out my mom had been pissed and yelling at my sister over something that was my fault. For some reason I end up realizing how much of a useless piece of shit I am. I welcomed my first full day being 20 in the shower crying.  I spend the rest locked in my room in front of my computer. Today I wake up, I'm shaken, but I try and stay positive. It's gotta get better, right? I go out, try to do something, have nothing to do. End up in front of my computer again. Then my girlfriend texts me, I get broken up with. I feel like I don't care for about an hour, then it hits me. She was the one goddamn part of my life that gave me any kind of happiness. I met her in the worst slump I'd ever had, and she was understanding and great and helped me out of it. On the rare occasion we weren't both working and could see each other, I was genuinely happy. It was the one time I'd ever feel any kind of joy, and now I lost it. Anything that makes me happy I destroy. I just feel like I'm gonna end up back in that pit of sadness. I barely survived it last time and I don't know if I will again but I have no idea how I could even avoid it. I'm scared, honestly, and I've run out of people who care.

I don't know if this post was too long, or violated rules or something. I don't know. I just felt like maybe this might help. I don't know.