Starting to realize I have no future. I'm so tired.Hi all. This is my first post here.
I'm a freshman in college majoring in engineering. The only thing I have going for me are my grades.

 
But a few months ago I changed psychiatrists when I had to move to university. They said I was misdiagnosed with ADHD. They do not want to prescribe me the medication I have been taking since I was 13 for my ADHD. The office has been ignoring my calls and messages. 


I have not had my ADHD meds for three weeks. My grades have been steadily dropping. I can't focus. I've stopped attending class. I have three exams next week, and two weeks after that I have 5 finals. I have no clue what's going on in any of my classes. 


What am I if not smart? What will become of my future?  I can't see myself in 5 years doing anything I'd enjoy. I can see myself alone in a dead end job with no friends. 


I really have nothing else going for me. I'm a loner, kind of weird, and I've always been insecure about my looks. I've never fit in with anyone. I'm not the kind of girl anyone wants to really date or be close with. 


Was also diagnosed with BPD. There are no experienced therapists in my area. I feel so isolated. I am 800 miles from my family. I have never had many friends, and I've isolated myself from the few friends I've made in college. I just lay in bed most of the day. But I can't sleep. I've been averaging 2-3 hours a night. 


I don't know what to do. I don't want to stay in college if I'm just going to fail out. I don't want to go home because I've burned bridges with any friends I had there. My hometown also reminds me of my ex, who left me out of the blue a few months ago. Everything hurts, and I'm so tired. 


I just want to fall asleep and not wake up. 


The only thing stopping me from killing myself at this point is my sister. Her best friend recently committed suicide and I don't want to put her through that again. 


The guy I'm currently dating knows all of this is going on, and is supportive, but I feel like a huge burden on him. He already has a lot of stress and I'm just adding to it. 


Sorry if this was long and had no point. I'm having trouble forming coherent thoughts. I wish I could just die in my sleep and have it look like an accident. 


Thanks for reading.