How I feelI feel dead inside.  4.5 years its been.  June 2013 is when it all started.  I’ll never forget reading that medical report from the radiologist.  “Possible spondylolysis of L5.”  When asked why I missed so many classes at the end of the term, I told the class “spondy-LOL-isis.”  They all laughed at me because I spelled it out and they heard, “LOL.”  They thought I was being my usual funny self.  I laughed along too.  If I had ever known how much pain and suffering was to come, I would’ve killed myself then.

Now here I am, on Christmas Day at 1am, putting into words for the first time how I feel.  Why I’m writing this I don’t know.  Maybe it’s a subconscious suicide letter.  Mom has just gone upstairs.  She had been trying to console me for the past half hour.  The last thing she said was, “remember, we love you.”  The funny thing is I never doubted that.  The love my family has for me is undeniably great.  Without them I would’ve killed myself a long time ago, which may make them seem like my saviours, but right now, it feels like im battling a foe armed with a double-edged blade.  On one edge, my family’s love protects me from financial and logistical troubles.  On the other side, their support is like a barbed medical syringe with the temporary medicine to keep me going.  They help me stay alive, but the more effort they put in, puts even more pressure on me.  How can I kill myself knowing what it would do to them?  Often, I just wish I had deadbeat parents who didn’t give a shit about me.  That way I could end my suffering knowing that it wouldn’t hurt anyone else.  

Imagine, if I killed myself.  I personally wouldn’t give a shit, but that’s because I’d be dead.  How would my baby sister feel?  The person I love more than anyone else in the world.  I can already see what I’ve done to her.  She has had to go through puberty seeing her once role-model brother mutate into an unimpressive, cowering heap of missed potential.  But throughout it all, she has handled it amazingly.  I couldn’t be more proud of who she’s become.  The loss of happiness I have endured has only seemed to galvanize her.  She  is what keeps our family glued together.  No matter what happens to me, I can rest easy knowing that she’ll become an amazing woman.  I love her so much, and this love twists the dagger even more.  Do I continue to barely scrape by in life, hating every minute of it?  The only reason I would do this would just be to delay the inevitable.  To give more time for her to mature, so that  when my flame is extinguished, she’ll be better prepared to deal with the sorrow.

I don’t know why I’m typing this right now.  Maybe its because I’ve tried everything else.  Therapists, medication,surgery, yoga, physiotherapy, weed, alcohol.  Ironically, the weed has halped me more than anything bar the surgery itself.  Oh, and lets not talk about the surgery.  I’m currently studying to be part of a profession I have lost faith in.  Doctors and the Canadian medical system have let me down.  Ever since I could comprehend medicine, I knew that doctors would always make it better.  I know better now.  Ive come to peace with the unfairness I’ve had to endure.  

No one ever believed me.  No one knows what I feel.  Recently, I’ve come to accept that.  Even I am often confused as to what I’m feeling.  I’ll find myself pumping myself up while listening to Linkin Park, only to start crying because I know its hopeless.  Hopeless.   You know those bullshit teamwork-building exercises schools made you do?  “If you had to describe yourself in one word, what would it be?”  I guess the one good outcome of all this is that I can confidently answer that question truthfully.  Hopeless.  That word describes me.   It describes my entire being.  

I used to want to fight.  Fight through these problems.  Watch some inspirational youtube video which would get me going.  Over the past month or so, all that fight has drained out of me.  I’ve tried drumming it up, but I’m banging on an empty drum.  The thought of suicide enters my head far too often.  You know that stupid misconception that men think about sex every 6 seconds?  I think about killing myself every 6 minutes.  

And yet, I think I’m brave.  I’ve made it this far.  I’d like to think I’ve handled this much better than most people.  I’ve seen girls crying after they failed a quiz, and I’d be thinking, “They don’t know what real pai is.”  Real pain is…indescribable.  I cannot put into words what it feels like.  But this pain, this suffering, has made me a better person.  I don’t judge anymore.  How can I judge others, when anyone on the outside looking at me would see a failure?  They don’t know me.   Many others would crumble under the pressure, but fuck that man.  I couldn’t care less about what others think of me.  I just care about what my family thinks of me, and most importantly, what I think of me.

So here I am, sitting in a two-million-dollar house, drinking special edition Macallan (SIDE NOTE: this is delicious) in expensive clothes, on a custom-made sofa, which is on a Turkish rug, and I doesn’t make me feel anything.  Whisky snobs would turn in their graves if they saw how I poured my glass.  Ideally, Id love to use one of our many lovely rocks glasses sitting in the bar, but I don’t want my family to think I’m drinking.  They think that I might turn into an alcoholic and drug addict.  So, I use the regular IKEA water tumblers.  I didn’t pour myself a single or a double.  I filled the glass halfway.  The only thing that would make it even more cringe worthy would be if I added some coke to it.  

I do think that me hiding my drinking habits from my parents is symbolic of the rest of my life.  I’ve hid so much from them.  Not because I’m doing bad things.  I’ve never abused alcohol or drugs in my life.  The only recreational drugs I’ve ever touched was weed.  I’ve stayed away from everything else.  I’m a responsible drinker.  Never drinking too much; always staying safe.  But my parents to this day don’t believe me.  And Im not sure if I blame them or not.  I’ve always lied to get out of trouble, but the trouble Id be trying to get out of has always been juvenile and harmless.  

I know this rambling vent is hardly coherent or organized, but that’s how I feel.  Nothing works properly.  Its like my body and mind is a jigsaw puzzle comprised only of mismatched pieces.  I do the best I can, fitting square pieces through round pegs, but the results are predictably  dismal.  To be honest, I don’t know what the fuck I;m going to do.

On October 27th, 2017, I got a girlfriend.  Shagun.  She’s amazing, and I have immense feelings for her, but I’m keeping myself apart from her.  She truly cares for me, and I for her, which is why I want to keep her away from all this turbulence.  Why would I want to bring her into these stormy waters after I’ve seen whats its done to my family?  She’s messaging me right now, wishing me a merry Christmas.  I’m ignoring them for now.

I’ve never written so much so quickly.  I wish I was this motivated in school, Id get all those bullshit essays done in no time.  

Im done writing for one night.   Every Christmas, my sister wakes me up and I go down with her to the family room, where the tree is.  We spend some quality time as a family opening presents.  For the first time in my life, I will not be joining them.  Christmas is a time of pure joy.  It feels almost sacrilegious to attend when there is nothing but darkness in my heart.  I do not want to corrupt their experience.
