"The ontological fallacy of expecting a light at the end of the tunnel, well, that's what the preacher sells, same as a shrink"The more I grow up, the more I realize that my old positive philosophies are just utopias we tell ourselves to give us our only motivation to continue the nonsense we're all in: hope.  Hope we can change a future already set for us.  Hope we have power.  Hope that mind will win over matter, that we’re not just a big, self-sufficient biomechanical reaction only witnessed by some useless part of it (the “I”).


Friendship, family, love.  Nothing means shit. Their existence, merely confined to the minds of the luckiest(?) of us, are unwanted consequences of the true feelings : pain. When animal slowly became conscious of part of what’s happening to them, pain, fear and desire to survival all were necessary to pass on your genes, while pleasure, joy and bonding were just another chemical reaction pressured by the roughness of the wild.  But hope?  It seems useless, doesn’t it ?  In a determinist universe, the past is gone and the future is set.  Still we keep doing almost everything we do based on the most fundamental instinct we have : the survival instinct.  


I don’t believe everything balances out.  That for every good, there’s a bad.  Much of these ideas were man-made anyway.  The laws of physics don’t shape the universe to please us.  And when you objectively try to outweigh what we think of bad and good, you don’t need to be sick in head to realize the bad win is all.  Realism is not pessimism. Kids die to cancer, people are hungry and can’t drink, there’s poverty at every corner street, and lives destroyed, injustice, death.  There’s loneliness, feeling of belonging nowhere, spectating the uncontrolled thoughts of a meat sack, despair, hopelessness, loneliness.


Truth it, no matter what we tell ourselves, we will always be alone.  Up the very day the lights close.  Friendship, family, love.  No one really cares.  They think they do, but they don’t.  Nobody is loyal.  Nobody is selfless.  Respect is something we invented to make ourselves feel better about it.  Some may call it common sense, some feels it’s natural, some view it as the only thing they can really chose who they give it too and not get rob of, but deep down, it’s a defence mechanism.  It’s a faily tell to avoid the nightmare of loneliness.  What is true friendship ?  What is love ?  What if I thought I’ve all it all, that it went away in the snap of a finger, and that I realize that it was just a dream?  What happens when we learn that this Santa Claus never really came to our house ?  


Consciousness is an evolution mistake.  The only goods stories about it ends in delusion.  “They lived an happy life ever after. The End.”  That’s how we’ll always raise children.  We’ll lie.  And if they’re unlucky, they’ll know they have been deceived.   We suck and we deserve to just disappear as specie.  If there were only one good thing we could do before going extinct in a few years is leave other forms of life the fuck alone and use our last hope to wish them better than us.  My old utopian dreams?  Maybe on another planet, with smarter beings.  We’ve shit on this one, and hard.  Not only our entire history is a mistake, but every single human life is.

The worst of it all is that lots people say "it's worth living, you can find fulfilment".  And they live their lives as if this set of positive values defines a sufficient framework with which they can go through all the shit.  Imagine 2 seconds how you would truly value your life if you could escape millions of years of refinement of our “survival instinct”.  Imagine if you could genuinely ask yourself if a couple of years of pain, false hopes, few fulfilments, dishonest love, mislabelled friendships, suffering, injustice, uncaring family is really, really worth the few positive things that comes of it.


What happens when you've convinced yourself that love, peace, fulfilment, happiness, etc.  are no more real and then the lines we drew between the stars thousands of years ago to make sense of this drivel world we have no control on.  What if the real thing that came with life was suffering, pain and death, and we’re trying to make sense of this non-sense by drawing metaphysical pictures between them ?  What happens when you see love and fulfilment as just one big fucking illusion about which nobody really gives a fuck ? As long as we have internet, tv shows, sex, junk food to keep our mind busy ; as long we get our next promotion, that we get get that new useless toy and that yearly blowjob from a wife that stays with you only to rise the daily reminder of the biggest mistakes of your life.  As long as the mass is controlled by advertising and politics, who really gives a shit anyway ?   Not a single soul does.  
I feel I’m just the only one panicking about this and almost going mad over it.  No one gets it.  Because no one fucking listen.  They think they already know better than you.   They say the fucking worst to you and don’t even fucking bother to listen.  “You should be in a psych ward” or “I’ll put you to a forced desintox myself”.  Nobody stops and sees their brothers’ pain, for they are numbed to their own.


Fuck people.  Fuck this world.


PS: the title is a quote from the show "True Detective"