Irreversible problemIn general I've had an alright life. I've got friends, I'm generally liked by those who take the time to get to know me, I have a supportive mother and family, I became successful in a career I wanted to pursue from just my own enthusiasm, fincally alright off and I had a loving, caring and stunningly beautiful girlfriend who I shared so much in common and wanted to spend my life with, as did she.

Everything changed when my girlfriend took her life.

During our two year relationship she'd been suffering from Borderline Personality Disorder, I tried to get her support and help and in ways she seemed to be getting better.
The problems certainly put a strain on our relationship and left me emotionally and mentally exhausted at times, but I stuck by her because she was worth it. 

Among the many reasons she may have taken her life I know she was very scared about me being away for a new contract as I'd been gone for the weekdays and even with me trying to reassure her I believe her abandonment issues overwhelmed her. 

Since it happened everything has just spiralled. Her mother blamed me and started to spread lies about me resulting in people turning against me. It's put immense strain on my relationship with my mother as she witnesses me lose my will to live. I had to leave the job as I could no longer face it and lost all passion for the career I once enjoyed so much.

The main thing above all else is how I've lost her and I can't fathom or face a life without her. She was just too special, too loving, too beautiful and no one will ever live up to her. I feel like I failed her by moving away and none of this would've happened had I just stayed.

I'm 32, I've spent most of my adult life single due to my crippling shyness and anxeity. It was almost a mircale that a girl like her was interested in a guy like me and I feel in ways I blew it for not making her feel more special and taking her for granted.

It's been over half a year since it happened and I'm just getting worse. Even with therapy, grief counselling, medication and endless research I'm not improving. I won't meet another and even if somehow I did they would never compare. 

I don't really want to die but again, I can't face a reality without her. I find myself spending more time now just getting ready to end it, getting the confidence to do it. I get no joy from anything, I just cry and spend all day in bed. Not even sure why posting this, I guess it's just somewhere to vent. 