My entomophobia is killing me(possibly)I have entomophobia(fear of insects). Last night I saw a bug in my room. It was a fast 2-3 cm long bug. I got scared and ran out of my room. I went into my parents room and told them I was scared. Some other stuff happened and I went to the living room and slept on the couch. 

Afterwards I woke up at one point because I didn't want my grandmother to see me sleeping on the couch(she owns the house). So I went to my parents room and asked if I could sleep there. My mom went into my room and I slept in hers. The next day my dad said he killed the bug.

Today I was in the living room early in the morning(2-3 am) and I saw another bug(5 cm long). I freaked out and went upstairs. Again I went to my parents room. My mom asked if I wanted to sleep in her bed and said also to not wake up my dad. I didn't want to and just went to the bathroom and sat on the toilet. After some time I heard something and left to the hallway. I stayed in the hallway with the light on.

At some point my feet started hurting from standing, so I quietly entered my parents room. I wanted to just sit on the computer chair there because I was afraid to go to my room, or anywhere else. I thought that the more people the less bugs would be there. My dad is a very light sleeper and he woke up. And then my dad started complaining about there being another bug(Not sure what to call it so I just used complaining). And the my mom said that she told me to not wake up my dad or something like that. I felt bad or some sort of negative feeling and left. My mom asked if I wanted to sleep there before I left, but I said no.

Afterwards I heard them talking in a louder voice than the average loudness, but not screaming. I felt even worse. They were arguing, but not actually arguing, I don't know what the word would be. I went into my room even though I am afraid and thought about it. I lightly attempted it. I don't know anything. i don't know what I'm doing and why I'm posting this. I don't know.