Would anyone even care if I died? Created an anonymous account for this...

I've been through so much lately. I've had a horrible divorce. It's been a year and a half and there is still no end in sight to it. My ex wife is trying to screw me over for everything she can get. She is dragging this on and on. She is making false abuse allegations. She's turned my kids against me, convincing them I'm an abuser who abandoned them, that I don't love them... Who knows what she is even telling them. My kids don't even want to see me anymore or have anything to do with me.

I have horrible social anxiety disorder. I take medicines and get therapy, but that only helps so much. It's so difficult to make friends. Like, I can't just go out and meet people like normal people do.

I have a few people at work who I like to think of as friends, but none of them want to spend time with me. I see them in Facebook pictures at parties, but I never get invited. I ask them if they'd like to do something on the weekend and they always say they're too busy or something like that.

A few people I thought were friends I've told about my suicidal thoughts, and they've backed away from me. It's like I'm a leper or something, they don't want to have anything to do with me because I am suicidal. Whenever I try to reach out to a friend, I end up losing the friend. I don't even know who my friends are anymore. I just want a friend who will listen to me, but they always turn their backs on me.

I go to a therapist, but it's only one hour per month, and it's difficult for me to open up to someone I don't know, especially in that professional setting. I really just wish someone would actually listen to me when I say I want a friend.

I've tried online dating, but after almost a year of it I haven't had a single hope of finding anyone. Evidently I'm not even physically attractive. After being so burned in the divorce, I've honestly been a bit bitter toward love anyway, so I probably wouldn't have much luck even if I did meet someone.

I have tried reaching out to my parents, but my relationship with my dad is very strained. A lot has gone on, and he and I are friendly but I don't feel it's the relationship it used to be. I've told my mom about my suicidal thoughts. At first she seemed supportive. She's helped me out a bit financially when I lost my house, money, life, and everything else in the divorce. That means a lot to me, but money is only a physical thing. 

What stings the most is that when I visited last Christmas, my dad told me that my mom doesn't like to hear me talk about suicide and I should stop telling her about it.

So now I wonder if there is anyone at all who would even care if I was gone: My colleagues don't even want me as a part of their social group, apparently. My kids hate me. My ex-wife hates me. My parents don't even seem to want to hear about it.

Why is there so little empathy in this world?

I commute by train every day. At the station I get off, the local trains stop, but the through trains speed by the station. It would be so easy to just hop off the platform and it would all be over. I think about that every single day when I go through that station.

The only thing stopping me from doing that is the fear of death. Seriously, I hate that. It's going to happen to all of us eventually, so why am I so afraid of it? But I am, and that's literally the only thing keeping me alive right now.

But really, who would care if I died tomorrow?