I think I lostI’m 18, I’m a guy, and I regret my life, the likes of which were wasted on me. Currently, I’m single and work at a gas station while attending community college, I live with my parents and older brother, attending university, which I will also attend next semester, should I live long enough to do so. I was born with some knots in my umbilical cord, so I think I was supposed to be born dead, but I guess that wasn’t going to happen. I moved when I was 5, in my new place I made both friends and enemies, I was humiliated by my peers, for the most part. I moved again at 11 and sought to reinvent my image, I just wanted a girlfriend, but I ended up making lots of friends and then I lost them all junior year, they take some jokes too far, and sometimes so do I. Friends, you see, are valuable, they keep you from being alone, but not like sex, not like intimacy, so I cast the idea of friends aside for time constraints. I tried parties, and even went to a bar, it was awful, I was disgusted by the environment and the people. I don’t like solicitors, and I won’t pay for sex, it shouldn’t have to be expensive, or a rarity, it’s natural, and people like it, I don’t like this society that dehumanizes sexual activity as objectifying women, all sex isn’t rape, and rape is just a lack of control, I’m pretty sure duck sexual selection runs on rape, and don’t get me started on dolphins. But it’s not even sex, see ever since I was 7 and watched women’s wrestling, I developed a mild pygophilia, my cousin threatened to sit on my face, and I tried to taunt her into doing it, but she wasn’t very aggressive about it. Face-sitting and ass-worship have come to make up most of my thoughts, I’ve tried 10 times to get closer to women since then, and I haven’t managed to get anywhere, I got stood up at prom, ignored after homecoming, twitter shamed, shamed by my friends, and exiled from all cliques. I have wasted my life, I just want to satisfy my pygophilia, but it seems that this will never be the case, not with someone like me. I tried prostitution before, Craigslist, r/randomactsofmuffdive, and they are either bots, or ugly, well I don’t believe I deserve this treatment, and I did not ask to live a life like this, I simply had faith that people would understand, life, can’t always be made the best of, not for broken people, I don’t think I can be fixed to function in society.