Just a rant...Im just posting this as a rant, I’m not necessarily sure what I’m feeling myself so I won’t burdening you all by asking for advice. Okay, it all started when I was in high school. I fell for this guy, but I messed it up. I fucked with his friends lives in an irreversible way? Why? I have no clue, it was just “fun” to me. It’s like I have a dark side that likes to be in control of people, to lie, to get people to do what I want. I can’t control it, it’s like a switch goes off and I start doing completely irrational things and become manipulative just for the “joy” of it. Maybe I’m a sociopath, maybe I’m something else, maybe it’s a form of twisted depression. I’m not sure. At the time, I was fine with losing him. I didn’t care. But now I realize I was completely in love with him. And it’s been years (I’m 20) but I still care so much about him but I know he will never take me back, I can’t blame him. I have friends, I have people close to me but I still feel alone. Because no one knows the “real” me. No one knows what I’ve been through. I go out and party because drinking seems helps my depression and loneliness a lot, little do my “friends know, that was all the money in my account. I’m only twenty and I’m $5000+ (and that’s without student loans) in debt. Most is mine, some because my family used my name and couldn’t afford to pay it so it went into collections. We live in a shithole of a house. I have no job because I hated everyone Ive had. I’d be depressed at work a lot of the times because it always just served as a reminder of my situation. It got so bad I would just drink at work to keep everything off my mind to get through the shift. I left that job due to this a week ago, and now I’m completely broke. My gas tank is drained, and I’m not really sure what i could even do at this point. The bills are slowly creeping up and my only choice is to sit here and let them. I’m currently in community college but am barely staying a float with that because it’s so hard to focus with so much on your mind. I’ve began seriously contemplating suicide, I’m just becoming completely detached from everything at this point emotionally and physically,  I honestly can’t imagine things getting better. I just keep falling and I’m not sure how to make it stop. Regardless, I just needed to rant. Thanks for reading. 