3 Years Ago...Something happened to me that I've yet to understand. It's been getting on my nerves and I just felt like getting this out there. It's a long read. 

I was nearing the end of my senior year in college. Things were getting tough on the school work end, but on a whole other level, the relationship I was in at the time was driving me insane. This girl was probably bipolar, one day we'd be together and be having a great time, the next she would act like she was so sick of me and would tell me she wasn't "sexually attracted" to me, regardless of us having sex. I became so confused and tried to break it off multiple times but she'd suddenly be remorseful and beg that we stay together. This happened so many times I can't remember. We'd fight about it all the time, and at points we'd be in public places yelling at each other...that's when I started losing it. I found myself becoming someone I didn't want to become. I was always the "good guy" growing up and I'd find myself in these situations where I'd just want to strangle her because she just did not make any sense! Of course, I never hurt her, but seeing myself come so close made me so sick. What was I doing to myself?

Anyhow, after maybe 4 months of being together, I was so mentally fried I could feel it. My brain felt like it couldn't function properly. One day, I went to the library to get some work done and I just stopped. I put my head in my hands and closed my eyes just trying to take everything in, where my future was going, everything. Suddenly, everything collapsed. I lost it. Immediately, everything I was thinking about turned into "it all means nothing" "you need to get out" "this is all a dream and you need to kill yourself". I lifted my head and immediately panicked. I felt this incredible urge to just "escape". I can hardly describe it other than it felt like I was trapped in a box and could escape, no matter where I went. My mother worked on campus so I went straight to her office and just started weeping. My mom asked what was wrong and all I could say was "what's the meaning of life?". She said she didn't know, and somehow this just made my heart drop even further. I didn't understand what was happening to me. It felt like a panic attack I couldn't get out of. 

Later that day I went home, all of this continuing in my mind. This urge to escape still very prevalent. I'd never kill myself, I knew that for sure, but why did I feel this way? It felt like my mind had split. Like deep down something was telling me to kill myself, but the more conscious/rational me didn't want to. I started having some physiological symptoms. My eyes started getting tunnel vision and my emotional memory started to fade. This was terrifying. I started to feel like I was sinking into the darkness where I couldn't have a happy thought or think clearly anymore. 

Days later I found myself sleeping...and sleeping...and sleeping. I started losing the motivation to do anything. I couldn't understand this. I could think of things to do and things I loved doing but I couldn't access the proper motivation. I just felt like I was dying. 

A few weeks passed and I went to an eye doctor who didn't see any problems. Then I went to my primary care doctor and after explaining (what I could) what had happened he just gave me a little talk about how maybe I was just feeling depressed and things would be alright. This infuriated me. Yes, I may have been feeling down, but something serious is going on inside and I don't think it's simply depression. 

This fear grew. That somehow I'd end up killing myself. I didn't want to. But everything left me, thoughts, memories, emotions. The only thing I could think of was death. It felt like everything within me was telling me to end it. I'd read things that used to make me happy and it was just make me reason that it was telling me to die. So strange. 

My mom had heard what the doctor told me and called in. She yelled at the doctors assistant and told them that I needed anti-depressants. I trusted my mom and the doctor prescribed them. But when I took them...it only got worse. 

I was driving at the time with a buddy of mine and he startled me with some loud noise from his phone. When I was startled, it somehow deeply freaked me out, in a very abnormal way, and I screamed at the top of my lungs and pulled over. Immediately I thought for some reason my friend was trying to kill me. Again, my thoughts were not right. I perpetually felt like I was stuck in a dark box where none of my normal thoughts lived. I looked at my friend and asked him to his face if he was trying to kill me. I knew how insane I sounded. But I had no other reasoning in my mind that I could find. He was my friend, yes, but I couldn't access the memories of him, the feelings of our friendship, nothing. Eventually, after 3 terrible hours of talking it out, we got back on the road. At this point I thought that the anti-depressants that I was taking were definitely not something I should be taking. So I weaned off them. 

Months past and nothing changed. I felt the same. I felt nothing. I slept way too much. I did nothing. I thought maybe I was dead and this IS all a dream. After a while I could get myself to work. When I worked it felt like there were two parts to my existence. One part was the outside world, I got work done, I went home, went to bed. The other part was the inside world, where I felt nothing but suffering. When I got back to being around people I felt incredibly strange. I felt like a ghost in a shell. But no one ever said anything. I presumably seemed fine. Just quieter. But on the inside I was dead.

About six months after the incident, I found myself in a hospital after I was found wandering around a public event with my shoes off (it was very strange). In the hospital my family arrived to comfort me, but they had no idea what was going on. Nor did I. I was much more out of it than usual. They decided to do as many tests as possible to see what had happened, but everything came out clear. After 3 horrendous days in there, they let me go and said I might have schizophrenia. This terrified me. Mostly because it seemed like it could be true. But alas, no help, no change. 

From then, they put me on a anti-psychotic that seemed to help a tiny bit with my out-of-body feeling, but not much. After the hospital visit I just knew that I needed to face reality and worked towards just living daily life, keeping healthy, etc. I started going to the psychiatrist as they kept me on the medication, but I still felt like I couldn't properly describe what had happened. I still feel the same. 

And here we are. 3 years later. Over time I wasn't too talkative to my doctor. I'd pretty much say I felt fine, but obviously didn't just because I felt my only option was to push past everything. But recently, about six months ago, I decided to really figure this out. I've just been so fed up with it. I moved recently and started going to a new psychiatrist and we've been trying many different types of medications. I've now been to a neurologist and have another appointment this Wednesday where hopefully we'll figure something out.

In all, this really sucks. It's extremely hard to get through every single day and I don't give myself enough credit. Again, to everyone else it seems like I'm just a quiet person whose fine and I'm absolutely not. But all I know to do is to live. As lifeless as it feels. 

PS. From the research I've done, it seems more likely that I have depersonalization. And my neurologist seems to think it has something to do with migraines which I've had in the past. Since we've established that, I am now aware of the excruciating pain in my head that may be the cause of all this. According to what I know, (not the doctor), my depersonalization may be a way of my brain coping with the pain. But, again, I still don't know what it is. 

Thanks for listening.