I’m chad..Was watching the subreddit r/niceguys when saw a lot of post saying girls always end up with chad who treat is girlfriend like shit.. and today i realized i’m that guy.. 

I’ve been on the edge for the last two year,since i learned of my mother cancer .. already lost my father 5 years ago today.. and on September 27 of last year lost my mother to cancer.. it’s been hell since the day she died. Had to take care of all my family and my brother, who lost his girlfriend a year before, that was still depressed about. So everyone was asking me to take care of him without asking me how i was .. everyone i love was now gone and my brother who was my bestfriend well barely contacted me anymore since he started seeing his ex again.. 

Because of all this, well, me in a relationship for about 41/2 year with my beautiful girlfriend. Who was trying her best to help me every way she can, was treating her like shit .. pushing her, always yelling, insulting from repressed anger. But, today it finally happen i pushed her hard enough to cause injury.. i wasn’t able to control myself .. i saw blank.. and was just angry.. don’t even know what i was mad about..  

I’ve trying to get help.. but lost my job just before Christmas, so no money anymore for therapy or anything .. so that’s how i know.. my faith was determined. Already my father was abusive and committed suicide, now i know what to do.. pc gaming and twitch have been a great help for me but now.. i’m hopeless i’ve hurt the only person that was there for me and now i’m about to be single like i deserved.. so i’m gonna do the world this favour.. 

So for a lot of you who were nice guy, hoping that someday the asshole who treated his girlfriend like crap, didn’t have a job, an awful background, was getting what he deserved .. then yeah you can’t rest assures i will.. i don’t know when i’m gonna do it probably before February , still need to prepare for it and find the best way.. 

Anyway, thanks for your time.. if you read the entire thing thanks .. this is the last chapter of my life .. 

P.S. english not my first language.. sorry for the mistake..