I don't know what to do. My whole life has crumbled before me.I've been feeling like this for a good month now. I've had my moments, my good times and bad, but I'm 100% sure my life has come to a complete stop.
My house is falling apart. Has been for years, but this year is the worst it's ever been. Mold where I can't reach. Roof is stained with water damage in every room. The heater shit the bed about a week ago, and with it the water lines. It's colder inside than outside, and I can't wake up without frost on me.
My car is breaking down constantly. After my accident a year ago, I've had three cars since, each worst than the last. My current car hasn't been riding right after a fender bender less than a week ago, and I dont have the money to fix or replace it. I've been giving rides to my friend to work every day, which would be nice if I ever got paid for it.
Which leads to my job. I started as a delivery driver over two years ago and I instantly fell in love with it. After some intense training on making pizzas inside and learning all the paperwork, I was chosen to be the store manager at a store 25 minutes away from my house. I loved it, hell, I even got a nice raise. I interacted with customers and crew with love, and showed interest in learning about the store and the people whom I'd later learned would hate me.
After a month, I had a meeting with the supervisor and owner of the store about my performance. Even after pouring my literal blood, sweat, and tears into that place, I was suddenly "inadequate" and "non-deserving of the role." I went back to work the next day (and the next two months) to glares from the crew. Suddenly, they wouldn't talk to me like they had done before.
To skip a few months ahead, I ended up coming back to my original store. I've given even more dedication to this place. It deserves the love. I'm still a Shift Leader, and I do most of the paperwork still. I've even been told I'll be looked at for running this store, MY store, come spring/summertime.
I just looked at my check about an hour ago. I've been placed on minimum wage again. No one told me. The new guys we've just hired are getting paid more. It's a kick in the stomach. I'm now positive nothing that I've been told is happening will. The other shift leads, the GM, they don't care about the store. I clean up after them every day. I'm not sure how to approach the GM or the owner about this, but I need to tomorrow.

I feel like I'm trash. There's no meaning to life anymore. I don't really know how to move on if I'm told I have to cash the check. I don't think I can.