I have tried so hard to be a better person. I’m incapable and I don’t know how long I can live knowing that.My whole life I have been lesser. I have never had any friends. I am so weird and awkward and I make people uncomfortable just waking in a store. I am poor and sick all the time from being on anti-psychotic meds for a mental illness it turned out my mom faked me having when all I was was a sad and scared child having to live with her abuse and unable to escape no matter how many times I asked for help.  

 My parents were/are incredibly abusive and neglectful. I never had clean clothes, hygiene products or supplies, or food. I was so hungry all the time that now it is a compulsion I cannot stop eating and am disgusting and obese and unhealthy. My parents never taught me anything and isolated me from the world. I never learned how to clean (I just learned a year ago at ~25 you are supposed to hold a broom with two hands, and that you use special cleaner for glass for example) or cook or take care of myself at all. My childhood home had bugs and animal filth and baby children everywhere and CPS would never do anything. My parents would tell be how useless and pathetic and horribly embarrassing of a person I was constantly and now I can see they were right. 

I was taken out of public school before high school and then never homeschooled like they told the school they were going to. I wasn’t allowed to learn to drive, or get a job, or leave the filthy disgusting house ever. I didn’t even know how to do long division or basic science because my parents would be too lazy to take me to school so I was hardly there and yet no one did anything. I studied by myself and tried to get my 8th grade education up to par to take the ged. I did once I was 18 and it was the only thing I ever did right in my entire life.  My parents then refused to let me use their information to get FAFSA. All I have ever wanted in life is to be a scientist and help people. It wouldn’t have cost them anything. I had no money and I fought and fought but could never get fafsa Without their info or get student loans with my shitty credit. Finally I got married early to someone I don’t think loves me like a normal SO does so I could go to school. 

Then I flunked out of two colleges and almost the third. The only compliment I have ever gotten my entire life is that I’m smart, it’s all I ever heard positive so I clung to it. I’m ugly and boring and I make people uncomfortable even when I’m trying to be as normal as I can. I have no talents or skills. I can’t even drive. But I couldn’t handle college. The learning wasn’t the problem. I would have panic attacks so bad I wouldn’t leave my house for weeks. I worked so hard and made me and my SO sacrifice so much and I wasted it over and over with my weakness. 

I’m in my last chance now. It’s the beginning of the third semester and I’m trying as hard as I can but I can’t be good enough. I’m not smart enough to be a scientist in a competitive field. I keep repeating classes because I get anxious and don’t go. Now with online classes I still forget so many assignments and things I’m already slipping in grades. At my best, I am a mediocre student. Mediocre people who have never gone to prom, or can’t drive a car, or are fat and off putting and socially stunted, who get excited about getting a 60% on a chem100 exam don’t get phds. 

My So is a great person but I know she doesn’t love me romantically and maybe hasn’t in years. We don’t kiss, haven’t in years, and certainly don’t do anything else. She’s frankly told Me once in a fight that I’m really bad at that and she didn’t enjoy being close to me like that. I don’t even care, I just want her to love me and she does but in the pitying way you’d love a disabled helpless animal. Not as a spouse. I have made her experience so much abuse from my parents even tho I knew who they were. I thought I could get us out of their grasp but it’s years later and I still can’t. I’m selfish and a bad spouse and I don’t even know how to be a good one. I try so hard to be one tho. She is so kind and nice to me but yet how can she romantically love a person she jokes she is raising since my parents never taught me anything? So I don’t blame her and what’s about to happen isn’t her fault. She tried so hard to help me and I am going to fail her even in that. 

I have been in therapy since I was 16. Meds since I was in 6th grade. My current therapist is great but she doesn’t realize by trying to help he figure out how to be happy she’s shown me how to see that I am not capable. It’s not her fault either. 

I wish to god I had another option but I don’t. I can’t keep doing this. I can’t.