My heart hurts...Almost literally.

My heart aches, and I don't know why. I don't have a reason. I read everyone's stories here and my heart aches for each one of you. I am so close to giving up, though I don't have an exact reason right now that I want to do that. 

I don't know if I can change this part of me that is suicidal and scared...and THAT saddens me. I am looking to achieve something that I can't have: to be a normal, happy housewife/mother with no deep psychological baggage. 

I will never be that person, so I may have to sacrifice all of those "good" parts of me that I can't see (but everyone else tells me that they DO see?) all..for the greater good, I suppose.

I don't know. I...just have so many conflicting and strong feelings about it all. I am tired of the flashbacks, which I can't control. It gets worse when I see ANY kind of law enforcement...even security guards. I will be talking to my Therapist about this today when I see him. I think it is another bit of trauma to add to all the rest in my life. He brings up the trauma in my life, but I look at him blankly and wonder what the hell he is talking about. I remember none of it. I don't WANT to remember it...but I can't move past it either. SOMETHING is there, but it is intangible to me, like a dream that isn't even a dream but some hazy long-forgotten memory that has been buried almost completely in the back of my mind.

Anyhow. I gotta go get ready for my appointment. I can promise that I am safe for the moment at least. I have been told (by my Therapist) that I still need hospitalization, but that is off the table for me. Once I attempt again...I will have to be successful. There is NO going back if I try again. That scares me, but comforts me. I will be killing a demon that should have never existed in the first place. I will go down with it in a blaze of glory. Not a hero...not a martyr...just a fuck-up who did the world a favor by taking herself out before she could inflict anymore damage on the people around her.

Take care. I am okay for now. Be good y'all.