Am I being selfish really? They may grieve but in the end they will be free of my burdenI've found myself very much alone. Less than standing in a room full of people and feeling alone. More recently even the room is empty now and I truly am alone. I can't talk to anyone. My auntie had leukemia my mum has lymphoma, I don't know where my sister is and my dad doesn't want to hear or understand. My friends have thier lives panning out for them and don't need me bringing them down. I've been banned (through no fault of my own) from a social club that was my only escape for a month when I could really have done with the support and friends there and going back nothing is the same, I feel judged and excluded. I'm on medication but what's the point... It does nothing. I'm on a wait list for intensive cbt... But that's a 9 month wait. When I was under the start of cbt I said I had suicidal thoughts and even though I did I felt like I could control it. Stop myself. Or that I wouldn't really do anything anyway.

Today was the 3rd day in a row I've picked up meds and seriously thought about it. The difference in today was I popped the Mills from the blister pack into my hand. I stared at them for a long time. I was going to do it. I still might but there's something that I promised from the start was to try my lifelines. So I'm trying something different in the hopes that someone may listen to me for once and understand. I don't feel like I have anything left to live for. Even my dad who is my world. I feel like he does r want to be here anymore and if there's no him what's the point. And I'd rather go first than be left to face life without him. I don't want to get better at this point... It doesn't seem appealing. But I don't want to be in this position at the same time. I just wish I had someone to hug me and tell me they understand rather than tell me I need to do something. I do everything for everyone else and neglect my own life that's mostly why I'm in this situation.

I just want to be loved, I want someone next to me to get me through life. And make me feel warm. And appreciated and a part of thier life that's important rather than always feeling like I'm disposable like I'm irrelevant and unnecessary.

Is that too much to want? I don't want to be here because that's never going to happen so why keep pushing when I'm clearly not meant for this life.