Getting closerThis post will just be some venting on my part, because I don't really have another place for that and I don't want to burden my friends plus I'm too anxious for therapy, so enjoy.

&amp;#x200B;

It's been about a year now since I dropped out of school and things have only gotten worse since then. I don't know why but I really miss my school days despite me being misrebale literally everyday, I never really had any friends in school, was always alone and things like working in groups were an absolut nightmare. I cried pretty much everyday, never got enough sleep and was pretty close to suicide more often than not. Things like my social anxiety, me being nearly blind and school don't really go well together but atleast I still enjoyed some things and had quite a good time with my firends playing video games. Lately I just can't really enjoy anything, everything just feels dull, my anxiety is also pretty much worse than ever before. I get anxiety and panic attacks mutiple times a day about the most unnecessary things and I don't know how much longer I can handle this. I tried to start school again late last year and it didn't go well, the first day I couldn't even find my class, got a huge anxiety attack and left pretty much immediately. After that, I visited a therapist and he basically said that I should start medication and stationary treatment immediately but I wasn't really a fan of that idea. Since than I've been sitting at home and doing literally nothing, there were a few days I got a bit motivated and thought I had the energy to literally turn my whole life around but obviously that's not how it works. I just can't bring myself to pursue something, I get demotivated nearly instantly becuase there are soo many people that are much better at everything, so why even bother? I'm also drifting kinda apart with the few friends I have, which is really understandable. I have a terrible personality and I'm just not a fun person to be around plus I suck at literally everything. I already feel like a burden to everyone, especially my family. Everyone would literally be better of without me, Everything just seems hopeless, I stated that in some old posts before and pretty much nothing has changed. I literally can not imagine anything chaning for the better in the future and only thing that I kinda started to accept that I sooner or later probably end it all, so it's probably a positive thing that me and my friends are kinda drifting apart.

So yeah, this post is kinda useless but thanks for reading anyway. (Hi Sevi in case you're reading this)