Is BPD a valid excuse to kill myself?Well, now that I'm beginning to accept that I likely don't have depression and may actually have borderline personality disorder, I'd say I finally have a valid excuse to kill myself. Sure, I'm not 18 and thus can't be diagnosed with it, but, I'll be 18 soon enough that I might as well say I am, and, I fit most of the descriptions.

The life of a borderline is pure hell, and, unlike the depressed, there is no chance of it ever getting better. I am doomed to a life of constant suicidal thoughts, and, in case you're wondering, I fit majority of the symptoms to a T.

Emotions, I feel them on a level far above most people. I don't experience just anger, or sadness, or love, or fear, I experience violent rage, crushing despair, obsession, and paranoia, and they'll last for long periods of time. Of course, until something instantly makes my mood snap. For instance, just the other day I saw a movie I really enjoyed and went from happy, to afraid, to depressed, to angry, to bitter, and back to depressed by the time I left the mall. And, unlike depression, I don't only feel negative emotions deeply, when I'm happy I'm usually somewhere between mania and euphoria.

Suicidal behavior, well, I am in Suicide Watch, after all, and have self harmed many times in the past, cutting, biting, hair pulling, just a few moments ago I was punching myself. And, I've had suicidal thoughts many times before.

In terms of impulsive behaviors, well, I never thought I had any, until I realized that, whenever I'm offered drinks I drink only to get drunk and usually turn to porn whenever I'm depressed (orgasms make you feel better, don't judge me). And I eat a lot too, though, I'm 17, so, yeah.  

I know I have fucked up relationships with anyone that makes the mistake of befriending me. Since I am usually isolated and lonely, I'm very co-dependent with my friends, I obsess over them and whoever is my best friend at the time is usually my reason for living. And, upon betrayal I will truly hate them and want to make them suffer like I did, until I change my mind and like them again. Because of this, I try to keep a mental block between me and my friends so I never actually care about them. Even then, it doesn't work, I managed to make my last best friend go away, likely forever. It's okay, I wanted it, she needed to get away from someone like me. Yeah, that's how I handle my fear of abandonment, by pushing people away so they can't go away first.

I'm shitty with long term plans and usually give up on whatever I start. And I drift into space a lot, to the point that my mother thinks that I'm on drugs. 

And, yeah, they all adversely effect my life to a significant degree, basically, I have enough to be diagnosed, which makes sense, considering BPD is often misdiagnosed as depression.

Basically, my life will never be good. I'll never have nice, normal relationships. They'll all be fucked up, either I'll wind up an emotional wreck blocking out the world, I'll be abused, or I'll be some manipulative shit (I already am). This world, and I, would be better off if I were dead. There's no escape, I'm doomed to misery. Depression was something I could cope with, BPD is not, and I'll continue to love people, and love them so hard they get scared and leave me alone. I don't want to be left alone anymore, I'm sick of everyone fucking abandoning me to fucking rot. I know I'm hard to deal with, but you think it isn't hard for me? Your bell isn't fucking comparable to mine! THEN FINE, FUCK YOU, JUST FUCKING LEAVE, I DONT NEED YOU, I DONT NEED ANYONE!!!! I'M SICK OF THIS, I DIDNT ASK FOR IT, BPD IS A VALID EXCUSE!!!!!