I’m going down (24 M)My situation has worsened in the recent month. I failed an important exam I needed to finish college, my thesis got rejected, my relationship (which has been toxic for an eternity) continues being toxic, one of my closest friends, who I used to look up to, deserted me out of nowhere, and to top it off, I started balding.  
The options are as follows - completely rework my thesis, which includes around five travels around my country and one outside of it, research, lots of photos and writing in thirty days from now and re-take the exam in twenty days. My supervisor suggested prolonging my studies for a year to write thesis, which I cannot afford financially and morally, as my parents are retired, yet keep working our family bussiness out of an obligation to keep it up until I’m finished with my studies.  
I cannot see myself finishing the thesis in time and simultaneously studying for the exam. I cannot see any future for me either, college has robbed me of my youth and now any semblance off it is literally falling off my head, which is going to rob me of my attractiveness.  
I never really enjoyed life and do most things out of an obligation to others or out of a routine. I’m somewhat attractive (or used to be before the hair loss began), yet didn’t have many relationships with girls due to anxiety and an inability to connect with other people.  
I’ve been bored with life ever since I was 13 or so. I started failing classes and switched to an art-oriented high school, yet found out I’m not good at art. Pursued college in a field I found myself attracted to (even if it’s useless from a financial perspective), yet realized I overestimated myself and found myself unable to understand most of the stuff I learn.  
My thesis was supposed to focus on ideologies (proto-fascism) and their influence on architecture. My supervisor first approved it, but rejected it two days ago when I confronted him with it, and told me to rework it into a more traditional work with less politics. He also asked me if I believe in any of the stuff I’m writing about (fascism), indirectly implying I might be a fascist.  
My relationships are a disaster, my current gf has been living with her ex-bf for close to two years, threatened suicide on me once and has hysterical fits on the regular. The frustration has left me in a state of permanent anger and we constantly fight.  
I had a major breakdown after failing the exam I desperately needed, and I just don’t see why I should bother putting in further work. I’m neither smart, talented, charismatic or outstanding in any field. I’ve always been weak in sports and untalented in anything besides a few liberal arts and languages - I discovered I’m useless at both of those at an uni level. I got bullied heavily during my teens, which I managed to overcome later, but it apparently wasn’t worth anything.  
I feel ashamed for myself when it comes to my parents. They’re the ones counting on me and they’re the ones who put me through a ton of sports and hobby activities as a kid. They hoped they’d see a success, and I don’t really tell them of my troubles. To them, I play the role of an outgoing and inventive fun guy.  
I’m contemplating suicide. The hair loss is an obvious sign I’m past my prime, which hasn’t been that great to begin with. I don’t have anything to look forward to in my life. I drink gallons of coffee daily while hoping to focus on my important stuff and secretly hope I’ll get a heart attack while going to an exam or something.  
Or that I’ll never wake up from my sleep. The idea is alluring by itself.  
inb4 Jason Statham, Bruce Willis, ‘just shave it bro’. I’m not either of those guys. I know I’ll be attractive to women even when bald, but I couldn’t care less given how it’s happening at a relatively young age, and given that my looks are largely based off my hair. And yeah, I don’t have much beside it - I never did, I put it to use only like four times, and now it’s going away along with my youth. For all I know, I might be roleplaying Mussolini soon.  
inb4 motivational stuff. Even after putting so much work into stuff this last year, everything just keeps getting worse and worse.