Soft.Do you even just feel a gentle suicidal? Like a 'I've imagined my funeral three times today and that's okay.' As opposed to a 'I can't wait to finally do it. Thing 1 and thing 2 won't matter anymore if I just do it.'  For me it goes from just soft, light and probably being okay to just being ready to do it. I look at it as if I'm dead it won't matter any more because it's such a silly thing to sit somewhere all day and feel weird and worried about so many things and people when you very rarely even cross their minds or when they don't meet you with your given effort. So at least if I was gone, I wouldn't have to acknowledge the weirdness of the alone part. It wouldn't matter anymore. 

I guess there's nothing really wrong anymore. I feel okay, just a slightly sad detached weird feeling.   I'm happy and I have a bed to sleep in, food, a job and a fiancee. I just get so caught up in every bad thing that happens to find motivation of any kind to be here. Its a very weird thing because when I think of my little brothers at my funeral I get sad but I was able To write them letters without crying. I considered suicide, in bed for the first time at 9 years old. And I guess it's never really gone away since then. That's not to say nothing amazingly wonderful has happened in the last ten years because they have... Its just all of the good things don't last and because of the way I am the good moods and the good days don't last very long because I either over think and get sad or I snap and get angry. And then I'm riddled with guilt and rage. And frustration and those thoughts that I've been a horrible girlfriend or sister or daughter. That I'll never stop being dirty. Or mean. Or physically and mentally disabled. Or that I'll wake up any less raped than the day before. That tomorrow I won't wake up with that stupid ache in my stomach that always make me feel like I'm sinking. Sinking. Sinking. That feeling scares me because its how I felt when I was 12 and it feels so immature and childish to still be like that. It feels so immature and childish to get so angry and so sad but I can't help it. 