HelpEDIT: I am sorry this turned out to be so long, it helped to let it out.

Posting this here since I have nowhere else to go, I'm sorry. 

I have no idea how to start this, so I guess I'll just write the whole story, maybe someone cares.

I'm a 21 years old guy, currently attending university. In my circle of friends I'm known as an outgoing, funny guy and no one would think there's anything wrong with me. I live in an apartment with two of my best friends, we do stuff together almost every day, I practice sports and have decent grades. So there's absolutely no fucking reason for me to be look at suicide methods for hours and hours on the internet. But I still do and I just realised that the main reason's because I'm lonely. 

I never dated once in my life, I never kissed a girl, I never had someone to share with how my day went and everything. It isn't that I never had the chance, I just never took it. During high school I got bullied a lot due to my appearance (puberty came late), so I was super self conscious back then. At home, my parents were having arguments all day long, I would hear my mom scream at my dad how she's going to kill herself. So I locked myself in my room and fled into playing video games and piano.

I definitely thought about suicide but decided against and fought it. I had panic attacks, didn't eat properly, cancelled plans. But I never told anyone. Never.

 I took a gap year after high school, where I grew up so much and everything seemed to finally be ok. Girls started to not only notice me, but hit on me. Got compliments on how I turned out. Started university and moved in with my best friends.
So as live goes, I fell in love with this one girl, let's call her Mia.
Mia and I used to text and things were going pretty well. Me however, having no experience failed to take things further and the whole thing stopped. That would've been okay if I could've just cut contact and get on with my life. But no, Mia ended up with my best friend. They're still together today (it's been 3 years) and I'm glad they did. But back then it hurt so fucking much. Everything got worse again, it didn't just feel like a rejection but also like I lost my best friend (he never told me he was interested in her, until they were actually dating).

The thing with Mia is that it didn't get very far, so I never really cared about not dating, since I was busy with other stuff anyway. Until I met the most wonderful girl last spring.

We met on a conference, spent the whole day talking, we sat a dinner not noticing how everyone had already left the room. We decided to skip workshops and just go to my room. The rest of the story would be obvious, if it wasn't me. I fucked up again. It was her who made the first move, it was her who knew exactly what she wanted and I just couldn't handle it. I was so fucking scared.

We broke contact after that. But after a month or so we started talking. And I realised that she's the girl that's worth doing anything for. We started going places together, she was an exchange student, so we made road trips where I showed her my country. We talked for hours. I finally found someone with whom I shared so much with.

What follows could be the start of any relationship: I went to visit her last summer and I met her parents. She came back for school interviews, lived at my place, met my parents. We went travelling. 

We agreed to keep things casual in the beginning, but after a while she started hinting that she'd like more. Problem is, I didn't get the hints. Last week she told me she likes this other guy.

She's currently living at my place now for the next few months. She's the same as always towards me, people ask us if we're dating, she 
takes care of me when I'm sick etc. But every other night I hear her talking on the phone for hours and it rips me apart. I'm not blaming her, she's the sweetest person ever. I just wish I could finally man up
and overcome my past.

The suicidal thoughts are back, and the only thing that keeps me going right now is that I want to get into med school.
I'm so scared of what's going to happen if I don't get in. I just want someone to cuddle me and tell me that everything's going to be fine. 
I feel so fucking lost.