I'm genuinely hopeless and at rock bottom. I want to try and prevent other people from reaching where I am right now.It's been 13 years since I last truly felt like myself. I wouldn't really say I had depression from that point, and I've absolutely been happy and had some of the best times of my life in that time, but ultimately I believe that diet and lifestyle decisions that I made have led me down this path. I'm finally at the point where I'm sick and tired of my depression affecting not only me, but the people I care about too. I've lost some of my closest and loved friends because of my damaged cognition, and now I have to live with the regrets and carry them with me for the rest of my life, however short it may be. The guilt and weariness of it all has eroded me, and I'm here as a 27 year old wondering why things have gotten this fatal. I've been spending my time at work researching suicide methods, notes, and whether suicide survivors regret their attempts or not. I'm officially one step away from the point of no return. I haven't made any preparations or decisions, but it's a daily contemplation that haunts my psyche. It's one thing to suffer; it's another to have the people that mean the world to me to suffer because of me. If I continue to deteriorate, I'll kill myself before anyone else is hurt.

Ever since I started having mental and physical issues stemming from my teenage years, I've been painstakingly researching all sorts of possible ways to heal. To be specific, I've been chronically fatigued with a ridiculously stubborn brain fog that has not left for a single day since then. I don't know if it's permanent, but I do know that 13 years is too long to not feel like yourself. It feels like you're a prisoner held captive in your own mind. You still have all your hobbies, aspirations and pleasures, but it's almost as if you're observing your own life and all your interactions instead of living it all yourself. You're living all your dreams and nightmares, but you don't wake up in the morning. This is reality.

I don't know if I'm gonna die by own hand or by other means, but at the very least I want to distill my most important findings on tackling depression to as many people as I can. None of it is necessarily new, but it's a distillation of what I feel are easily overlooked or unprioritised in modern life. I feel like I could have avoided so much unnecessary suffering, anguish and loss if I just took my health more seriously back then, but I can't turn back time. I don't want anyone else to waste years of their life if it can be prevented. Please let me know if any of you would like me to share what I've learnt. I'll make a new post if that's the case. If I can help at least one person to minimise or eliminate their issues, I can be happy knowing that something fruitful has emerged from my experience. Thanks for reading, take care of yourselves.