The only real philosophical question... I'm in my mid 30's, male. I began thinking about taking my life when I was 14... and I've never really successfully purged the idea from my thoughts. Overly emotionally sensitive. I self medicated with heroin starting around 16 years old. I was on methadone on and off until I was 23. I finally got clean, and have been clean since then, 12 years this year. I decided to behave like normal people behave. I've experimented with a myriad of different anti-depressants with marginal success. Over the course of the past decade I got married, bought a house, had a child, got repeatedly cheated on by my wife, got divorced, had my credit and over all opinion of women ruined. I tried to do what normal people do. I tried to live as a human in the 20th and 21st centuries. 

I occasionally play out with a band and try to make art to distract myself. Usually weed helps me when I hit a low point, but as of late it and nothing else helps. I have decent paying job, get up go to said job, come home... and do it all over again. I have 50/50 custody with my boy, and my days with him are relatively depression free. But when he leaves I die inside. It's a bad situation. And it's beginning to leak over into my time with him. I don't want him to have me as an example of how a normal man operates. I can do nothing but sleep. I get no satisfaction from video games, making music, watching porn, walking, reading, exercising, talking, drinking going out or the rest of the things normal people do. I have tried my hand at making an emotional connection with women which ends up causing more pain than pleasure. I am not unattractive, facially or physically. When interacting with women, my thoughts are consumed with the knowledge that both parties are operating on instinct. Fulfilling the wants and needs of Life itself to replicate in human form. There is no love, only chemical reaction, sexual tension and the need to replicate. I used to believe in love, in my teens and 20's but I can no longer. I tried to lie to myself that it was real. It's not real. It is a label we use to explain a confusing and potent emotional state. Life has honed the chemical reaction of love to further itself. 

I tried. I really did. Normal people are not opiate addicts. Normal people get married, have mortgages, car payments, watch tv, fuck each other and fuck each other over and glean satisfaction from it. Normal people operate on their instincts, don't think about operating on their instincts and are usually ok with it. 

There is something in us all, constantly battling against instinct. Cognizance. Sentience. Whatever you want to call it, battles this instinct. Instinct pulls your head up when face down in a pool of water. Instinct causes an increase of adrenaline when in a life threatening situation. Instinct causes you to be lonely, wants you to fuck that girl and pass on your genes. 

Only your cognizance can say "no". And press the power button so to speak. 

Everything in this existence is completely absurd. I have the power to no longer experience it. I have experienced it enough. The folks left behind will not be my concern. I only mourn for what will happen to them whilst I am alive.

I can no longer be controlled by Life and it's machinations. Millions of years of evolution, Life has honed its tools and uses them to get what it wants… replication and the continuation of Life.

This crippling sorrow and loneliness I feel is not mine. I am not choosing to feel this way. Depression is a chemical reaction used by Life for what purpose? To push us into the arms of some other cognizant being with a sympathetic ear in the hopes that we will mate with them?

I am tired. I am old. I am used up and disappointed with men and women alike. 

There is no light in this world for me. All has been illuminated and the truth is a gray and meaningless mass of barbs and betrayal. 

I choose to no longer be a pawn of Life. 

I have replicated. 

I have met my biological imperative. 

I have in the past attempted to explain how I think and what I feel to other people and it only comes off as emotionally vampiric.  

I simply can't hang with this life any more. 

Good luck to the rest of you life forms that can. Be as kind as you can to one another. 

This was quite a rant, and I am sorry for it. I am leaving no note as my life insurance does not pay out for suicide. 

I am tying up loose ends and pressing the power button.

Not cut out for this life or this world… and I want to get out before I lose it completely and someone gets hurt. 

This all sounds crazy. I know. Selfish, and crazy. You wait twenty somethings, you wait until you are in your 30's and the reality of existence usurps your preconceived notions of happiness. 

Prepare yourselves and toughen up before you age. 

Life wants me to terminate myself. I will comply. 