Feeling Empty and Directionless, almost at the endHey everyone.

I'm a college student. Aviation Science major, Audio Production minor, and a long time musician, but even flying and recording have lost their magic. I'm also genderqueer, and have major dysphoria in this male body. It's been a major cause of suicidal tendencies in the past for me, and now it's starting to come back. While I have been depressed and suicidal in the past, there really hasn't been any correlation to anything specific that brings my mood up. I just get horribly depressed and suicidal for weeks, then go back to being mildly depressed. At the moment it seems to be the culmination of losing motivation, being discouraged by my male body, and not seeing a point to anything. But I don't know why. There's no reason for me to not have motivation.
At the moment I'm just feeling really empty. Nothing I used to enjoy sparks my interest anymore. I go to work, come home, go to school, stare at reddit for a bit, but can't bring myself to do things I used to love. It seems like too much effort to do anything. I try to play video games I used to love or play instruments, but get bored after a couple minutes. I can't bring myself to hang out with anyone, only occasionally talking to friends online. Investing anything into a relationship just feels pointless when I could be on my own doing whatever I want.

I always dreamed of being an international pilot and playing gigs with musicians all over the world, but it all just seems so distant and impossible at the moment. It's as if there's a deep smog over everything, and I can't even smile, let alone laugh. Alcohol and drugs don't help at all (in fact they make me more depressed), so I've been completely sober for the past long while. I'm not on any medications, I'm eating healthily, and I'm living a relatively balanced life. I shouldn't be feeling this way. I don't have an excuse to feel this way. I feel empty, directionless, the smog of depression choking my thoughts and emotions.
I just want that electricity and 4.0 student motivation that I used to have a year or two ago. Everything is empty. I don't see any purpose to life anymore. There's no more magic.

Well, thanks for listening. It feels nice to talk about it.