I don't want to be here anymoreThrowaway account because reasons.

I don't know what to do anymore. I'm so sick of living this fucked up life, but I could never bring myself to end my own life. I just keep hoping each day that I'll get run over by a car. I started smoking again in the hopes that I'll get cancer someday, and at least relieve some anxiety quickly. It's pathetic.

I got really sick about a year and half ago during my pregnancy. I almost died (now I wish I did die when it happened), my baby almost died, it was a fucking nightmare. He spent over 3 months in the intensive care unit. I've been running on adrenaline this whole time. It's finally run out, I'm completely burnt out, and I've realized how completely fucked up my whole life is. 

I graduated with a BA just before finding out I was pregnant. I had a semi-shit job at the time, but it got me by just fine. Well I've been trying desperately since then to find something worth-while, and there's nothing. My degree has brought me nothing but debt and agony. Now I work a slightly better shit job, making $17 an hour but I still can't afford my bills. Rent in my area is pretty high, and I've had to use credit cards to cover things like food and gas when I came up short. Now they're all maxed out. I'm so behind in everything and I can barely afford food. It's mortifying. I can't even register, inspect or insure my car right now.

I'm married, but my relationship is so fucking dysfunctional. My husband barely helps me pay any bills. We keep going back and forth, splitting up and him coming back. I don't feel like he cares about me or my son one bit. I should probably just end it, but I'm scared and co-dependent and I don't know what to do quite frankly.

Back in January I tried staying with my parents for a little bit to get back on my feet, but I ended up getting robbed and essentially trapped there for 3.5 months of misery. My husband's grandfather was hospitalized during that time for 2 months, and we didn't know if he'd make it. My grandfather dropped dead 2 months ago. 

I can't take any more hardship or trauma. That is truly how I feel; traumatized by life. I have panic attacks every day. I hate myself. Our entire system in this country is set up to make it impossible to get ahead. I'm one large expense from being in complete financial ruin. I'm 26 years old, and I thought I did everything right. Why did this happen? I just want it to stop. The only thing that keeps me going is my son, but even then I feel like I've completely failed him as his mother and he's not even 2 yet. I needed to get this off my chest. Thanks for reading. 