We should come togetherWe are all exactly on the edge. If we were past the edge, we wouldn’t be posting here. And if we weren’t close to the edge, we wouldn’t post here. We’re in such an unimaginable spot: dying is not the worst thing we can do. And yet, it obviously is. How ridiculous is that! None of us can figure out where death fits in our life. Some of us pretend, others wonder. In the end all of us will feel like we failed, whether we step over the edge or back away from it. We feel like we lose any way, every way, living or dead. Welcome to being you; welcome to being this (whatever this is).

Whether we want to say it or not, we’re all dealing with the same problem, just with different causes. We’re all scraping the bottom of the same barrel. We all want to get out by any means necessary. We don’t want to die. We HAVE to. Isn’t that crazy? I always thought death was the perfect answer. I felt lucky that I had the solution. But in reality dying creates another problem, another thing that we have to deal with, another thing for us to get wrong. If we were convinced that dying is the answer, we wouldn’t be here debating it and second-guessing ourselves. We will never know the right answer and do the right thing. We can’t trust ourselves to. Others might, but not us. We’ve failed too many times.

We can’t go on like that. How can both life and death feel equally desirable and equally unacceptable? How can we feel the same about two opposites? How can we do the right thing when all we’ve done is failed? There’s no winning for us. You can switch the words death and dying with the words life and living everywhere in this post, and the message stays the same: we are stuck.

Inevitably, some of us will find life and others will find the opposite. Some of us will feel better and others will feel worse. One way or another, we will find a way out, and there are a million ways out. I used to live in fantasy world, and as much as I want to go back, I realize that I will never feel how I felt yesterday. I will not feel the same tomorrow as I do today. It will get worse, if I don’t make work on making it better. We can’t stay on the edge forever, even though it might end up being the best place we found ourselves in.

We’re racing against the clock and we need answers now. None of us chose to be on the edge. All of us want to get out. Some will let life choose for them. Maybe that’s for the best, maybe not. I have enough left in me to want to choose for myself. Whether it’s life or death, happiness or apathy, frontwards or backwards, I don’t want to be in limbo. I will not figure out the right thing to do. But the wrong thing, I know the wrong thing is feeling even death wouldn’t solve my problems. I know the wrong thing is feeling even life wouldn’t solve my problems. 

I’m not advocating for one thing or the other. I don’t know the answer. You don’t know the answer. There’s no right answer. But there’s a wrong answer: this. This back and forth, this infinite feeling of hopelessness, this edge that overlooks neither life nor death. I’m sick of feeling powerless. I need to go for the answer. I need to either succeed and get past this, or fail and get it over with.

Once you feel like we feel, you never forgot it. Once you lose like we lost, you never can trust yourself. We can never forget about our loses. And on top of all of that, or because of that, we’ve managed to create a whole new kind of unhappiness for us, a whole new level of torment, a type of existence that takes everything and leaves nothing. We can’t be happy with life; we can’t be happy with death. What gives? How did we manage to create something so irrational, so unrealistic, so undefinable...

We have this in common. Our struggle took over our identity. We take a lot of what we have for granted, sure, but how could we not. We’re losers because we lost and we lost because we’re losers. Whatever it is, it pales in comparison to the edge we all are standing on. Alone we’ve all proven to be unsuccessful, even worse. Let’s take advantage of the one thing we all share. Let’s put together our experiences, our perceptions, our idiosyncrasies, the things we care about and the things we don’t. We couldn’t do it alone and we admit it. Let’s do it together. Let’s see if we can’t figure it out together. It might be the only way we can remove ourselves from this edge we’re on.

I’m going to post this on my main account, not my throwaway. I’m serious about this. No, I don’t have a plan. And I repeat that I don’t have the answers. But I want to try something new before I run out of time. This could be the worst thing we can do. I don’t know. It could be the best thing we can do. I don’t know. It’s up to you to decide your next move. Let’s come together and decide what we need to do.

You can message me here or you can text me at eight-five-six, two-eight-three, seven-four-two-six. The point of this post is to express to you my way of thinking and give you an idea of who I am. If you want to join me, join us, do it not because it will make you happy, but because you want to be less sad. We will try, win or lose, to get to the bottom of this.