I'm desperate, please help me. (Long, sorry)I posted recently here about how certain I am that I'm going to commit suicide and my concern for the well being of my cat, but I hid it and decided to repost when I felt something strange in my heart. Hope? I think?

I'm 22 and struggling in all areas of my life. I was diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety sometime in middle school, and recently have been through trauma that induced a rather mild PTSD. My therapists have never humoured this, but I believe I am actually suffering from BPD and this could be the reason that repeated therapy and multiple medications have done little to nothing to help-- after all, if you're treated for a broken leg when it's actually your hip, you don't heal. Right?

Anyway, suicide has been on my mind constantly for the past few months now. Before, it was more of a passing thought and something I joked about to cover up the pain. Now I have a small list of preferred methods and a few more plans than are probably healthy. Every "joke" has become a serious statement. I have regular meltdowns and have resorted to scratching the shit out of myself in lieu of razor blade cuts. I had dreams, still kind of do, but I believe 100% that I will never achieve them, or even come close. Nothing I do seems to work. I feel like a total failure and it seems that I've begun sabotaging any achievements, whether subconsciously or with intent. I'm terrified to ask for what I want, and I feel guilty for doing so when I manage to get the words out. 

I return to therapy on the 8th of November, and I'd admit myself to a hospital but my finances already make the basics hard to afford, disregarding the fact that I need to have more money coming in so that I can arrange to live somewhere on my own (I am currently living on my friends' couch, and while I'm grateful I feel that this current situation is beginning to do more harm). I have difficulty keeping up with basic self care and always manage to convince myself that I'm somehow unworthy of even baseline help. This isn't sustainable. I can't live like this and I don't want to give up. I really don't. I need help so badly. I just don't know what to do anymore. Please help me. I'm so scared. 