I'm not really sure what to do anymore.I know it's cliche, but I'm a 21 year-old dude and already feel like my life is over. I've suffered with depression and anxiety most of my life, but was only formerly diagnosed \~6 years ago. The initial therapy and meds I tried didn't help much, and I haven't had any formal help since.

Theoretically, I'm doing all of the right things- including seeking help for the first time in years. I'm exercising and eating healthier (though to be honest in the process have developed even worse body-dysmorphia and potentially an eating disorder), meditating regularly, actually working on creative things since that's where I find at least something close to happiness/fulfillment, and have been doing my best not to push people away and reaching out more. But I've come to the realization that this will probably never actually get better- I can't feel fulfillment for anything I do, I can't positively accept anything about me or anything I do, I just feel like literal dirt that should be stomped on or something.

I don't have a real support net either. My parents are generally supportive now, but I can't open up to them about anything. Especially the severity of my suicidal ideation; it's gotten to the point where I've tried writing notes (can't even do that right) and am eyeing my clonazepam and some vodka constantly. Out of my two primary "friends", one is not so much anymore- he's kind of a terrible person with an un-empathetic outlook on life and made me feel even worse about myself. My other friend I've known most of my life, but he's similar to me and pushes people away when he's feeling bad. So it's hard to have any regular connection with him.

I had been so obsessed with trying to improve myself/skills in the things I love the past few years, but with almost zero success. And I pushed away most people/made my inability to connect with others even worse than it was before. I suppose the last straw was recently. I actually met a girl and her two roommates, all very intelligent, kind, and understanding people. I fucking blew it- we had a strong connection, we both agreed. But she has her own issues and some terrible things that have happened to her, and now the distance has grown. I'm glad she showed me one magical night, but it will never be replicated for me. I am unable to love myself, so need to give it to others in the forms of my dumbass quirks (little drawings, poems, whatever the fuck loser shit I do). But I'm never going to have the consistency of meeting with someone to be able to learn/adapt to them in a positive way. I hate myself.

I'm so fucking sensitive and emotionally overbearing. I don't try to be, but it's just who I am and understandably most people can't be fucked to deal with that. I try so hard to learn, but fuck up everything, man. I can't even do the things I love well and I'm probably going to fuck up the rest of my education even though I'm majoring in my passion (music). I don't know, sorry this kind of turned into a nonsensical rant. I can't get out of my head, and I know I'm going to end it. I just don't know when- hopefully soon. I fucking hate this pain. Hope you're all feeling better than me. Much love.