It gets worse beyond death.28 y/o divorced male here. With one beautiful son, and he's god sent. That being said, he is a real problem as I cannot handle the thoughts of how he will have to go through with life when I discharge a shotgun in my face. I've considered taking his life as well, in order to spare him.

I am a completely and utterly hopeless romantic. I married my ex-wife after threatening to abort our child (we had an abortion a year before we had our son). The divorce and custody trials are still not over, have lasted over 3 years, and has put me in debt to my family trust for over $50,000. 

I met an absolutely beautiful and exquisite individual over a dating app about two months ago. She fills me with joy and is the most remarkable woman I have ever met. She gave many different types of messages over the past few weeks, which have all been predominantly reassuring. This week my emotions boiled over a bit and I told her how much I want to be with her. Our phone call last night concluded with her telling me, in essence, that my emotional overflow has created a small rift between us and she is in need of the emotions to be removed from our equation. I haven't slept all week, as I've felt like I've been losing her, due to the fact that I have baggage, and am otherwise more invested in this than she is. I've looked all my life for someone like her. I detest the concept of not putting all my eggs in one basket, I've already hooked up with someone else since I met her to do precisely this, and I thought about her the entire time, it made me hate myself and want to purify, and thus, has caused me to overextend my affection and quite honestly appear to not have all my ducks in a line, in addition to how emotionally distraught I was in our most recent conversation. I have a 4-year degree and apply for better jobs on a daily basis, but to no avail, I am living in a high income area, and am no better off than I was a decade ago. I have a huge issue with capitalism, and, coming from both a conservative and military family, am routinely crucified verbally for my lack of personal motivation to seek and act in ways that will project my son and I forward. I have suffered from extreme depression since adolescence, took every antidepressant available in high school, and self medicated with marijuana for a decade. I can't cope with my situation, let alone another great romantic loss, any more than I can cope with the fact that I've never felt capable of overcoming the gravity of my emotions. As a single parent with full custody, options for seeking help are all but plentiful, especially with an ex-spouse eager to reverse the custody situation, who also happens to be in very dire straits financially. 

Assuming I am compromised enough to even consider the destruction of my life, and even that of my sons to spare him pain,  my only real issue is with God. As a frequent lucid dreamer and someone unable to recover from the daily perils of life through an inability to sleep without working through significant karmic events, (I routinely deal with the aftermath of sins such as murder, am imprisoned, or am otherwise finding myself in a deep state of isolated suffering when I dream), I am very much aware of the fact that there exists a life in the ether, and the truth is that my life in the ether is worse than it is in reality. I hate God for the situation that planet earth is currently in, and has been in for thousands of years, I hate that I cannot be at peace, having lived a life where I've tried to be considerate of others, and truly feel that there is no escape whether i commit suicide or not. I've felt this way for decades, and I've deteriorated to the point of complete anguish, where I truly wish to destroy my life and the lives of others as I see the human struggle to be so fickle and grotesque, my mind desires seeking the dark web to sign murder contracts, and then as I let my thinking spiral, I return to a state where I realize that I truly have no desire to hurt anyone, but to completely erase all aspects of myself entirely. No memories, no essence, no soul. Total obliteration and liberation through the end of what has felt like truly a life of magnified suffering. I don't know how to end this, because again, in my mind there is no end no matter what action I take, but I'm so sick and unorganized that it has effected each and every person involved in my life. 