The last strawSoo, to make it short so i dont waste the time of any of you(i'm sorry for reading this)

Bad people practically always win and for years i tried to prove myself otherwise

Today coming home from work, doing a good deed bringing family to where they have to go, come home to eat and parked my car infront.

After eating i was leaving and one neighbor knocks heavily on the door on my car, he swears etc and i never even sweared, just asked what's wrong and it turns out he apparently owns that one parking (no signs whatsover and the previous owner was a company and he let me park there)

Swearing at me i asked why he cant just say it to me nicely, he argued he waited since 5 oclock (which cant be true since i was still at work and came home at around 8)

Ok, i thought stupid guy but whatever... fast forward i drive away to bring my gf to her place and when i came back found my car keyed...

That neighbor was drunk and he said what you wanna do, all the police?

Now i did, but they cant do shit since i have no video proof.
They can just put a claim against unknown

I unvalidated his claim on timestamps, i parked my car there for almost a year and one day he ticks out my car gets keyed, hes drunk but yeah...

I've had depression for 6 years now, a shitty underpaid job which i cant switch yet and all in all a shitty life

Knowing bad guys win (majority does) i mean look at the richest companies like nestle, they rob poor people and get rich

I bet he's laughing at me, and i have to pay for the damage. Recently, i often say, why me? Why god? Oh right if there was a god, it'd look different.

I dont believe in an afterlife since, when your brain stops working its over..



This is it, i've been searching for a reason to quit for years now and i tried to keep on fighting but i just cant do it anymore

The war is over, i thank each and everyone of you here on /r/suicidewatch for helping out others! Unfortunately i wont be one of them but thank you and stay strong! For me too please!

