I feel like I don't deserve to livei am a critical care nurse. I was a in a relationship that dissolved in January, moved back in my parents. I had gotten myself into debt while living on my own, then with my boyfriend. My parents are lovely, offered me a place to stay while I worked. They're elderly, i'm in my late 20s.

covid hit. life flipped upside down. for someone with chronic anxiety and clinical depression, i was not equipped to handle it all. no one was. I watched countless people die. people that were mothers, fathers, brothers. people that had been making plans and who had love in their lives. I am not a stranger to witnessing death, but never before on this scale. I was overwhelmed, scared every day. 

suddenly, my family is turning on me during the most stressful period of my life because i could infect my parents. I have taken every precaution. I keep to my room - if i come downstairs to make coffee or do laundry, I immediately clean every surface I touch. I always wear a mask in the house. I haven't hugged anyone in my family in months.

it's not enough. everyone has a judgement about what i do, how i behave. at first, I should be MORE careful. i wouldn't even leave my room. I kept garbage in my bedroom and my family would drop food outside my door on disposable plates. i got sick twice, never a positive covid test. but no one else in my family got sick.

now, because we're currently in a lull, they get annoyed because I'm too careful. they say I should be making meals for myself. why don't I come down and watch a movie? how come i have to be soooo paranoid? 

i can't function normally. i'm constantly waiting for the other shoe to drop. i've been told by my brother that if my parents die, it'll be all my fault. he has terminated our relationship, told me i am selfish for staying home. he can't understand my decision making. what is wrong with me?

I feel impossibly judged, unloved. to already have depression, to witness so much pain, to be so scared for the last four months, to feel so much guilt for putting my family at risk. I am so selfish, i hate myself. i deserve to be this alone. and yet I just want to take my exit, while I still haven't done any lasting damage. i cant do this anymore.