LostI’m a 25 year old female and I’ve been with my wife for six years now. Everything was going great and there seemed to not be a problem in the world. 

In April of 2016, I lost my Dad unexpectedly after talking to him only an hour prior. We lived together, the three of us. We were the best of friends and we did everything together. My wife was the one that found him. In the bathroom. He had an aneurysm and that was it. He was gone. My best friend, the only parent I ever had. I never even got to say goodbye. I can’t stop thinking that the last thing I talked to him about was about the air conditioning. Why couldn’t it have been something meaningful? I always said “I love you.” After ending every conversation with him. Whether it  was in person, on the phone or through text. I said it an annoying amount of times each day, but he always said it back. What if he thought I was just saying it that last time out of habit? 

We took a little time to be sad, but then it seemed like I was supposed to pretend that nothing happened. We stopped talking about him, like it never even happened. My Aunt told me a counselor would just make everything worse, so I didn’t go. I wish I had. I wish we both would have. I just wanted time to be able to properly grieve and I still haven’t gotten that.

Fast forward to about a week ago. My wife told me she doesn’t love me anymore. She won’t even look at me. She said it’s partially because I’m suicidal and partially because she doesn’t think she can love someone the way she cared for my Dad without the fear of losing them. And me, having my suicidal thoughts, makes her angry. She pushes me away, refuses to talk to me and doesn’t even want to try anymore. I can’t help that I have these feelings. I wish I didn’t. I truly do. I want to be healthy, but without her support, it’s really hard.

It took her almost two years to tell me how she felt? Why couldn’t she tell me this before we got married? We’ve only been married a little over a year. But she has no problem hiding an emotional relationship with a 20 year old from me. They tell each other everything; and they only just met two months ago. I feel as though I’ve been replaced and my wife gets angry anytime I ask about this girl. She even knows how uncomfortable she makes me.

We have plans to finally see a counselor sometime this week, but after telling her I just didn’t feel like being alive anymore, so said she doesn’t want to go to counseling. There’s no point in saving us. We’re ruined, mostly because of me. I just want us to talk to a professional, since neither of us had time to grieve. Individually or as a couple, any kind of counseling is better than none.

I just don’t know what to do anymore. Suicide seems like the right option because I have nobody else. If my wife doesn’t want anything to do with me, what do I have? A mortgage and no family?

Sorry for the rambling. My head is just all over the place.