I think I might kill myself.I am a 25 year old female, all healthy, some minor things here and there like everyone has. My parents are supportive and nice.   


I, however, am always victimizing. I hate myself. I hate myself. I hate, despise and hate myself. I don't want to be alive. You can hate me too. Not because of some grand pain, or because of some great trauma. I can't explain it. I just hate this life. I feel like I was given what others appreciate as a blessing, and I simply despise it. I don't want it. Maybe because I don't want to put in the work and the pain and the suffering for what would be called in a book character development. I don't want to be better. I don't want to struggle. I don't want to work. I don't want to survive.   


I have been diagnosed with depression, but it's not like it changes anything.   


I think on the 27th I will overdose on all the pills I have in my house. I will buy some pills that also cause my anaphilactic shock. I will be by myself in the student flat where I am living. It's going to be the 27th because until then I am at my parents's house. The only thing I feel sorry about is them growing old together with no one to look after them. And possibly breaking their hearts by destroying 25 years of emotions and money investments into something that got them nowhere. I am sorry about that, but not sorry enough not to think about suicide. I have money aside for the funeral.

&amp;#x200B;

And then I also regret not being able to see my boyfriend one last time before I die. I love him. But he would he so much better without me there. I hope he finds someone worthy and good for him.

&amp;#x200B;

Anyway, all in all, please don't say anything nice. I am not a victim. I am just an asshole who can't and don't want to appreciate life. I am not traumatized. Or in pain. I just hate it. So go on Reddit, you can hate on me. Tell me how people who have cancer would give an arm and a leg to have my health, and parents, and opportunities.