I'm Done.I usually am the one to lurk this and send reassuring messages. However, I recently made a temporary account, just for this occasion. See, I know people have it way worse than I do, but that doesn't made me feel any better. If anything, it makes me feel worse, because I'm selfish enough to only think of myself, while these guys are battling through it and rising to the top. This gives me more ammo to just off it.

Basically, I think I'm going to get a B average this semester. This seems not bad for some people, but for my family, this is ridicule territory. I got another B today, sealing my semester's fate. When I told my mother to possibly try to comfort me a little, she gave me the cold shoulder and told me that I'm acting insane. I wasn't, I just asked her if she could offer some words of wisdom or something. I shouldn't be surprised, considering her history of neglect and physical harm she's caused throughout my childhood. The main thing that bothers me about her is how she mocks people for being "dykes" or "f\*\*s". I'm gay. She doesn't support me. She never will. 

The thing is, I know this is something mild. However, not only will my family be ashamed of me and pretty much write me off as "the stupid one", but it actually ruins my self-concept. If I'm not the creative genius girl, who the hell am I? My parents and I sort of had that image in mind for me for YEARS and that's now shattered. I've struggled with who I am for years and that brings me back to square one.

I'd normally distract myself with friends, but here's the catch, I don't have any! Not a best friend, not a regular friend, not even some kind acquaintances. I am the socially awkward loser who sits in the corner. I have fucking no one to help me out or to distract me or to do any of that shit. 

I know these issues seem mild, but I've been suffering with my mental health for years now and I've been dealing with on and off suicidal thoughts for around one year, along with the regular depression and anxiety I've had since elementary school. I think I'll probably jump off the roof later, once nobody's home to bitch at me with the typical anti-suicide trashy plead. "You're a fucking quitter! Well, if you're gonna be a quitter, then fucking do it!" It's really annoying and I'd rather not have that be the last words I hear, for the shrill tone alone. It's kind of come to this, I guess. I'm too depressed for school, I'm too depressed for home, I'm too depressed for work. This is pretty much all that's left. Now, will I be too depressed to do this? That's something I guess I'll find out later.