What a long strange road it’s been.            I don’t have reason to be as miserable as I am, and to be honest looking back on life I can’t pinpoint the moment things went wrong. Which is a newer feeling for me becauseI have an eidetic memory. I was always told how smart I was because of how quickly I could learn new things, or how quickly I could read. Even at a young age I was reading books of college level quicker than a young boy had any right to. 

          For all the instances and moments locked away in my head of times I literally can’t forget, I don’t know what brought me to wanting to die at such a young age. I remember all sorts of things in my life that hurt me, tore me apart inside, things that made me feel hollow and wounded. But for the life of me I don’t know what specific instance brought me to the brink that day 14 years ago. All I do know is what happened after that because that day something in me broke. I don’t know what it was, and I have never been able to fix it, but a piece of me broke that day and left me with a piece of madness inside. 

          From that day on those thoughts that seemed so terrifying and dangerous; slowly began to lose their edge. The thought of dying became a way of comforting myself. Because if I just died it was all over. The end. I could stop all this pain and misery I carried in my heart like a lead weight. They replaced all the normal dreams of a child because what use are dreams when the sweetest thing I could think of was my own death? What need was there for me to think of the type of job I wanted someday or type of house I wanted to live in when the only real dream I had was to slip into the cool embrace of death. 

           Overtime these thoughts are my companions. They make me feel better when I’m sad, they lift my spirits when things become too difficult. I know... well I knew that I could never follow through with it. I was a smart kid and I have a big family. I knew that suicide was nothing more than taking all the pain and abject misery I held in my heart and dealing it out like a deck of cards to all the people in my life I cared about. These thoughts were just things that made me feel better. And for 14 years these thoughts have been enough, everyday I take solace in these thoughts wishing things were different. 

             But suddenly I don’t feel the same fancy I used to. I don’t feel the edge taken off my pain when I picture myself dying. I’m worried that this means my madness has begun to just grow and I’m not sure if I can stop it. I don’t feel okay anymore.... I don’t know if I can be okay anymore. The small fractured part of my heart that was once contained has begun to spread and now most days I feel as though I have a ragged gaping hole right in the center of my chest. I don’t know what to do with my madness anymore, but I felt the need to write this. I’m sorry this is poorly composed it’s 5am my time and I haven’t slept in 2 nights.