Struggling to continue on.I think I want to die,  or perhaps a more accurate way of putting things would be wanting the pain to stop,  or even simply not wanting to live. 

It's not so much that death itself is something I crave,  but life.... The here.... The now..... The seemingly endless crapfest that I have endured is something I don't want. It's really tough because I really don't want to hurt those I care about,  there isn't a single solitary piece of me that wants to potentially really emotionally screw over family and friends.  For those who say suicide is the 'easy' way out,  there is nothing easy about it.  It's excruciating to no longer want to live,  but equally not want to hurt others.  

 I just don't get enjoyment out of anything,  at least of the lasting 'yay life'  sort of variety. Sure punk rock shows and baseball may give little brief moment of happiness,  but it's all a sham...a fabrication. Brief in it's scope and empty in it's ability to last.  

I'm trans and in my mid 30's and have dreamed my entire life of body congruence. I finally after years of trying found a job with a company that covers surgery in it's insurance plans. I was thrilled  and thought my dream was going to come true,  but I am simply put blowing it.  

The job in and of itself sounds simple enough,  inbound call center work, but I have always had an aversion to phones.  Why this is I don't know,  but I feel it's likely just part of the puzzle that I suspect would lead to an aspergers diagnosis; should I ever go through with being tested.  I have had telltale signs of aspergers  since childhood,  but that's neither here nor there. 

Basically I am really bad at this job that could ultimately lead me to reassignment surgery; don't expect to get through training and graduate and it's both breaking me because at this point,  there may be no other chances to get the surgery I desperately need and because it's stirring back up deeply and long held feelings of both inadequacy and failure. Those who aren't trans can never understand the horror my body causes me and has since my earliest of memories. To be so close to fixing things.... and blowing my chance is destroying me. 

I realize this was way too long,  and potentially even nonsensical at times. I have a terrible tendency to ramble and difficulty portraying my thoughts and feelings at times,  but needed to get this out and even though I have done so twice previously a couple years back (after really working up to it)  I don't feel comfortable calling the lifeline. I have been this down before and pulled myself back up,  but it gets harder and harder each time,  whereas just finishing myself off would alleviate everything seemingly....well with the caveat of hurting those I care about,  so it's  a lose lose proposition whether I live not wanting to,  or I die. 