This is the first time I'm asking for helpI've had really bad break down yesterday and it's carrying on today. I've tried to fake it and forced myself to feel better but as I'm laying here trying to sleep I just feel overwhelmed with sadness. I've never felt so low in my life. I thought I was better. At the beginning of the year I started working out. I lost 20 pounds already, felt more confident in myself. Ive tried to socialize more, even though I still feel awkward and I get anxiety. But for some reason I still feel sad. 

And my birthday is coming up this Friday, and it's making things worse.

I wrote a letter in the event of my death and I have it tied to my Gmail to send it to people I trust and to post it on my social media accounts. 

*Life is like a boat. I don't know what that means, I just know that I've always wanted to start a speech off like that. Given the circumstances, this might be the only chance I have. If you're reading this, then I'm already dead.

It's not your fault. It's not anyone's fault really, so if you blame yourself, please don't. If anyone's to blame, then I only have myself at fault.

I've thought about this for a very long time. I thought about what I'd say, give a reason to what I did, or to leave behind some meaning to the people that might care. I've played this message over and over again in my mind, since it's the last thing you'd ever hear from me. In the end I just wanted to keep it simple.

Hi, my name is Seeds_Of_Love. And this is goodbye. I've been struggling with trying to find meaning in my life for a while now. I've dreamed of doing great things, to be remembered and talked about for ages to come. But that's not going to happen. There's nothing great or memorable about me. So I sought out love, that if I had someone to live for then that's enough. For a while I did, and I thought that was enough. But I was foolish and I made one of the biggest mistakes of my life and let her go. 

I've never felt so lonely in my life. I didn't have a best friend to talk to, to make me feel better. I didn't have a shoulder to cry on but my own. And there were nights I wish I had someone to hear me cry. 

I'm just a disappointment to everyone around me, I let down anyone who wanted to be around me. And I'm sorry for that.

For a long time I've clung on to hope, and it's been ever fleeting. I keep saying, one more day. Just one more day, and something might happen. I'd pray to the heavens above having faith that something will come my way, but nothing hears me. There's nothing there. There's nothing in my future. 

And I've come to a realization. That it's all meaningless, there's nothing to live for. I'm not in pain, just lonely. I'm not hurting or am I sick, just knowing that there's nothing going on just makes me feel empty. I can't imagine my future, I'm not too happy about my present, and my past was forgettable.

I'm not scared of dying. I imagine it is peaceful, liberating even. The stresses of life, deadlines, expectations: burdens suddenly lifted and become meaningless. At the end of the day, I won't regret going to work one more day, slaving away my finite time to causes I care nothing about. I won't regret waiting in lines to fit in a society that doesn't care about the impoverished, the helpless, the wayward souls. I will come to regret not having one more day with the ones I love. I regret not having one more day with the one I loved. I regret not having one more day with my favorite people in the world, the ones I found worth living for. But they don't need me anymore. Their happiness is independent of me. And I'm thankful for that. 

I don't fear death. It's an inevitability, for all things. I will regret not seeing a future full of wonder, a brighter future where everyone is happy. I will regret the pain that my death will cause. I don't fear death, I fear how my death will affect the ones I care about. I've had a near death experience once I believe. The feeling wasn't dread or regret. I was at ease. Serenity. I saw a tree in a garden so beautiful, so bright. Paradise. I don't fear death, as death is not something to be afraid of. It's welcoming, it's not dark or sinister. Death is not evil, it just is.  I know the feeling of losing someone, or something. Grandparents, friends, pets, strangers. And I don't wish to ever feel that pain again. I'm sorry to those that I cause pain to. Just know that I'm at peace, and I'm happier in this state. 

This isn't a cry for help, it's just saying goodbye. Because if you're reading this, for you there's probably meaning. I just couldn't find my own, and that's okay. I'm okay, I'm going to be okay. You, could be my friend, or family, or a complete stranger. I don't know who you are, but I just want you to know, I love you. From the bottom of my heart, more than anything in the world. It's the last thing I can give to you truly. I love you.

Take care. 
Goodbye.

Love, 
Seeds_Of_Love*

I don't know what to do anymore.