I honestly have nothing to live forI’m still in Uni but so far behind. I’m supposed to be graduating this year but I only completed half my credits. I decided to take a gap semester. Ive been so down and demotivated for a couple of years now. Nothing excites or interests me. I have no motivation for anything in life, no hobbies no interests no passion. It’s sad. I barely made friends at uni and when I did I pushed them all away because I feel like socializing is exhausting and I’d rather be alone. I’ve pushed everyone away from my life. I only had my partner left but he broke up with me 2 weeks ago. Apparently I was too jealous... I was never jealous at the beginning of our relationship (we never labeled it so idk what it was but we spent all the time together doing everything together) and I trusted him with everything until I found out he was sleeping with other girls behind my back . I never told him I knew but that’s when I started getting jealous and paranoid which I guess pushed him away. He was also on tinder on and off and I confronted him about it but he said he doesn’t use it and the app is just there which wasn’t true. I know I deserve better because why would I stay with someone who was constantly cheating on me. But why would he tell other people that I was jealous and it was too tiring and exhausting for him... It truly broke my heart when he ended things with me because I was loosing 2 things at once. My lover and best friend and that hurt so much. He really meant so much to me and he still does. But I know he doesn’t feel the same way about me. The same day he broke up with me he started seeing other girls and going on dates. It made me feel like ass because of how quick he moved on. It just felt unfair. It made me hit complete rock bottom. I was already down before that because I was stressed and had some family problems going on and I guess my anxiety and depression. I didn’t know how to mourn or begin to recover. I just kept thinking how much I really don’t want to be alive or here today. For many months I’ve had these thoughts that I don’t want to be alive that I don’t see a future for myself that I just want to die and now I truly want that. 
I hate that I have no passion or motivation for anything and don’t see how I’m ever going to build a future without having those things.