I don't know why I should continue anymore.Hello, all. 

For the last few months, I've been slowly feeling myself deteriorate into nothingness and I want my body and soul to follow. I've been feeling this way since my mom lost her job and I've had to pretty much sacrifice school to make the rent and bills. At first, it didn't seem like much, but then I started to notice my scheduled days were getting less and less and I've been having to buy less and less for groceries for everyone in the home. It's been getting to the point where I choose a few days to go without eating just to ensure that the others in the home can eat. Work has gotten to the point where I only have 3 days a week at most and some days aren't even full shifts. I was also recovering from a break-up that I thought I was completely fine with. I thought I saw her as just a friend at this point, but I felt heart just breaking down more the more we talked last night. It felt like I was being made to relive the break-up as she kept reminding me why she loved her current partner. I am sure she didn't mean it that way and I would never assume she would purposely try to hurt me, but after the 3 years we were together, just to have it end without me being able to fix anything because life started to fall apart on me, it felt unfair that I couldn't at least try to get her back. School also hurts me quite a bit. I am trying to go back to school, but with the lack of money in the household now, it is very hard to actually get classes and actually stay in them since work consistently tries to give me hours when I can't take them, and I would always love to take more hours. I stood around and noticed most if not all my friends graduated this year and I felt like I've done nothing. I feel like I've failed as a person and that I can't do anything but struggle. All these thoughts are just swimming through my head, and each thought hurts, I don't want to keep thinking these thoughts. I feel like there will be nothing but pain if I continue. I honestly just want to die.