I give upI hate this. I hate living. I just can’t do this anymore. You’re life and everyone else life is better without me in it. And I know you want me to stay I just can’t do it. I’m not strong enough. It hurts too much. And I know that other people feel like this and they get over it and that this is just a phase but I can’t do it anymore. Even if I do get through this it’s too hard right now, I will never be happy ever again. I can’t remember that last time I was actually happy, I can’t remember the last time that I’d rather be alive. I just hate this. Everyone says that you will get through this and be stronger, but if I’m meant to get through this then why did they make it so hard. I’m not worth it. Nothing can fix me. I’m just a lost cause that everyone wants out of their life. When I kill myself everyone will realize that I’m not just tired all the time and that I’m some weirdo that is really sensitive, they will realize that everything they have done to me in the past has affected me, I didn’t just ignore it. And just that fact that no one could ever make fun of me ever again makes me so happy. I know this will hurt you but you want me to do what is best for me and that is killing myself. I know you hate seeing me like this that is why I’m Going to kill my self, so we both won’t need to suffer. My life is  a mess . I don’t have a purpose. I have a family that loves me but I don’t love myself and I’ve lived like that for my whole life. Why me? Why couldn’t it be someone else? Why do I have to kill myself and not my friends, it’s not fair that I have to deal with this all day every day and nothing good comes out of it and that my friends don’t have to fight for anything but they are already perfect. I’m going to a counselor but it’s not working, I’m meant to turn my life around but I can’t it’s just too hard. I know if I was telling you this right now you would say that it will get better, but I know myself better than you do, I’m not going to get through this. I know other people have but I’m not like them . How am I supposed to know if they had something to live for. I have nothing to live for, I will gain nothing if I stay alive. I’m sorry but it’s for the best. I quit.