I'm severely depressed and have no where to go but end it all...I give up and the only people I have left don't give a shit about me. I'm just the checkMy mom is dead, my dad is an abusive ass so I live with my grandparents. I have no friends or anyone to talk to. I'm alone. No one cares about me. These people I call family just see me as a way to get money. I'm 19 and I wanna get my drivers license but I can't, they won't let me. They told me I'd have to get my own car to learn how to drive but I can't. You kinda need your license or permit to buy a car and drive it home right? I dont even have my damn permit and all I ask Is for a little help so i can buy my own. Not only that but I haven't started to build up my credit. I tried asking them how I can do that without having a credit card and they pushed me aside or act like I'm dumb

But what pisses me off more is that they gave my brother a fucking brand new car and helped him get his licence at my age. They helped my sister with college but when it comes to me they treat me like an outsider. They won't let me have any friends. I lost friends because of them. Why is it that they help everyone else in the family but me? Aren't I apart of the family too? 

Today me and my grandpa got into an argument and he told me "you know, that your nothing more than a nuisance to me" but I just paid 200 bucks for groceries for them and have been every month along with giving them 300 dollars for rent. So really? I over heard my grandparents talking one day about how they don't expect me to succeed In life. I'm only 19, I'm living off the government and not by my choice (I'd like to get off this damn social security bull shit so I can have a normal life and normal job.), I watch as they help everyone else but they won't lift a finger to help me, I wanna go to college but the closest one is a long drive away and they refuse to drive me there not only that but no buses so I got a bike but It mysteriously broke, and I don't have a car to do what I need to do. Anyone I can ask to help me get my license live in another state. I get that I'm only 19 but I'm gonna be 20 in a few days. I asked if my grandpa could find me a used car and I'd pay but he refuses, says that if I find a car it'd be out of my league are too nice of a car for me to have. My grandpa brought home a car free from a junk yard that has no engine, tires, or brakes and said this is more in your league. The car was falling apart. I think he did it as a joke but that's not funny. 

I talked about why they felt like I wouldn't succeed in life and they said it's cause I don't help them out enough and that I'm stupid. Their exact words were "You don't help us out enough. Thank you for rent and food but we need more out of you. You're just useless to us without your socal security and we just don't see you having a great life. We fear that you'll end up like your mother one day, like a failure. We hate to belittle you but do you really think someone like you getting a degree and a driver's license will really help you get somewhere in life. Don't hold your breath, like we said your useless and stupid. Anything you try to accomplish would be a waste of time. We need you to stay with us cause you help us out. What do you think would happen if you left us? If you havent thought about that your dumber then we thought." I don't feel loved by these people but maybe their right. It's like they just want me to stay here so they can use me. I don't mind helping out, but that's all I do. All I do is help but get nothing more in return, not that I expect it but every now and then would be nice. Maybe a little of a happy birthday would be awesome too. Every year they forget about mine but they call my brother and sister Marcy on their birthdays. Me and my brother are twins so it's not like It's an honest mistake they just favor him.

Maybe I should just end it all. Like my grandpa said I'm just a nuisance. If I died today who'd help pay bills and buy groceries? I'm stupid and useless to them right? What else do I have besides them? All my friends they chased away. I doubt they'd care if I died. I'm alone and not even my own family cares about me. I'm just being used. I feel trapped unable to leave the nest. Unable to grow up And be a normal functioning human. I'm almost 20 for gods sake, I wanna be free. I wanna have a college degree and spit in their face for thinking that I'll never be able to succeed...but how can I do this when they won't even give me the chance or at least a benefit of a doubt.
I only wanna die now.