A NoteI've dealt with depression for at least 5 years now. I tried everything I could on my own to feel better: eating well, working out, good sleep schedule, etc. Nothing worked. I was in a type of medical school for a year and dropped out because I hated everything so much. I now switched to computer science, I definitely enjoy it more and I was hoping things would get better for me, but I'm still so unhappy. It took me years to finally ask for help and see a doctor, as I didn't want to worry my parents about it. But finally I did, a few months ago I saw my doctor and started an anti-depressant (Lexapro). I was so so hopeful that this would help me, but unfortunately things only got worse and worse. These past 2 months have been the absolute worst months of my life. I'm failing classes (because I missed so many lectures/assignments), I have no money, no job, I've isolated myself so much, I just feel like I can't do anything. I now feel as if I've exhausted almost all my options for help and I just don't know what I can do anymore...

I have no desire to be in this world anymore. I feel like I'm just not cut out for it, and I'm okay with that. There's so many other people out there, my life is so small and meaningless anyway, so what's it matter? It sadly doesn't seem like it's worth all the trouble anymore. And so many people have depression nowadays, it's so sad. I just fucking hate it here.

The only thing keeping me around is the pain that I know I will cause my friends and family if I do end things. I wish it were acceptable to just make the choice yourself to give up and leave.

Well if anyone actually read this, thanks. I've been really wanting to tell someone close to me how I've been feeling but I feel like I can't put all this weight on their shoulders.

And honestly, I do believe things could get at least somewhat better if I kept trying. But I don't think I even have the desire to do that anymore. It doesn't seem worth it, I just want out. I feel like such a disappointment to everyone and I'm so sorry to everyone I've let down. I feel so bad for being such a financial and emotional burden on my parents, I'm so sorry mom and dad. I don't think I can take it much longer.