Venting. Not quite sure what the sub is about I didnt read much of the about, there wasnt much from what I saw thoughI dont really feel anything anymore. I relapsed on heroin, partly because even sober and trying to get a life back that I'm not sure I had, I still didnt feel anything. The woman I was starting to be involved with I no longer have feelings about automatically, my friends I dont feel like talking to. I lay in bed often most hours of the day staring at the ceiling. Mostly the only thing I do is make my moves to cop smack and then lock myself back in my room. I've made mistakes with my family recently because of my addiction and lack of self control, but the shitty part is (which they of course refuse to admit any of their faults or wrongdoings) when I was sober and at least carrying my weight since I had to move back home, I was spoken to and treated not much differently than I am when I'm fucking up. I very nearly took a trazodone and a few sleeping pills after shooting up the other night and slept on my back porch to induce hypothermia and not wake up. I dont often get close enough to doing anything, but I consistently romanticize dying or self endangerment. A large reason I use, as it developed more recently in my last two relapses, is the solace in the fact that I might die anytime I use. I'm the only person i know that shoots up that has no qualms doing it alone without anyone there to narcan me. I dont feel anything for life anymore. I used to be so bright and happy, I used to have dreams, passions and loves, I used to love my friends and family and myself. Even when using before, I still had a fire in me to chase something more out of life. I've talked to professionals, I've been to rehabs, but at this point I feel as though all is lost, and that I never had much of a life or a track for me to get back on. I keep having recurring dreams, which is weird in the first place because mostly heroin users dont dream, that are depressing, and even worse of my dreams is that the love of my life that I wasted and lost years ago, I finally felt as though I got over her and now I dream about her constantly and I dont know why. That hurts a lot. My love for music and writing and art deteriorated.  I just dont know anymore. I feel broken. I dont want people to tell me its okay to do it, but I also hate the predictable and stereotypical "it gets better, you dont have to do this, your family loves you" type stuff to veer people away from suicidal ideology. I wish I felt anything anymore. When my parents fight with me i dont even have the energy to care and either calm it down or fight back. I don't often find myself smiling naturally at all anymore. I could probably keep going, but I'm not sure why I'm even writing this. I'm a 25 year old Male. I've lost and sacrificed everything I was and had. I dont see the point of it all when i die and it vanishes as though we were never here anyway, and again I'm not so certain i had a life or track in the first place for me to get back on. I dont know what to expect in responses from people, and I dont know if I necessarily want any or that it will change anything. But I dont have anyone I feel like talking to, hell, anyone to talk to in life right now, so venting to strangers felt like a good idea. Thank you if you troubled yourself enough to read to the end, and I hope you all have a good day and night