I just feel so uselessThe first time I got fired from a job, I was 18. It was my very first job. They said I lacked good social skills and was too immature. Too immature to just look pretty at the front desk and answer the fucking phone. I overheard my mom and younger brother talking later that evening.

"....all she's going to do is keep taking our money. She can't do *anything.*"

My mom took a deep breath and responded to my brother. "I know she can't. I know."

Ouch.

It's been sixteen years. I got fired half a dozen times in the beginning stages of my career-- for some reason, people don't like me. I just rub people the wrong way. I don't know why, I just do. People find me creepy and intimidating, I guess. I have permanent bitch face. 

Also, I'm bad at most things. I'm slow-- it takes me twice as long to do things as it does everyone else. Everyone thinks I'm lazy and that I don't try, but I actually just have to work two, maybe three times as hard as everyone else for the same result. Some bosses don't care-- hey, I'm salaried, if it takes me 16 hours to get 8 hours of work done, whatever-- but I frequently get managers who think this is a character flaw. I have one of those now. She sent me bitchy emails all day, saying I'm doing this wrong and that wrong, asking why I don't understand little concepts that I guess are just more obvious to most people than they are to me.

I wonder sometimes if I have a learning disability, but that shit doesn't matter once you're an adult. No one cares if you're sick, depressed, disabled-- if you aren't, like, 1000% fucking PERFECT, you're worthless, it seems, and just not meant for this world. I just can't take this shit anymore. I'm tired of constantly wondering when my livelihood will be cut off and I'll be left to starve and die. 

Before you tell me to just find another job, my last boss was EXACTLY THE SAME WAY. They've had the same criticisms about me, right down to the words they've used when lecturing me. It's like they sat down and had a bitch session about me.... except that I don't think that ever actually happened (I work in a very inbred industry where everyone knows everybody, but I still kinda doubt it).... which leaves me to believe that I'm just basically a shitty worker. 

Unrelated, but my other source of feeling useless:

My best friend, who moved across the country a few years ago, is in an abusive relationship. I know it's not my problem, but it sucks. I got a 10-page long email from her after months of silence a few days ago. She seems to think everything is getting better, but without realizing it, she basically revealed that it's really, really bad. Worse than I thought. I don't even know how to respond to her 10-page long email about how he watches her computer screen so she can't usually IM me or send me emails, how one of her other friends won't talk to her anymore because she can't stand to see the abuse and not be able to do anything, how her narcissist piece of shit asshole husband abuses his subordinates at work (because apparently, abusing her just isn't enough). 

I feel like I'm so useless, I can't even be a good friend anymore. I feel like if I don't say anything, I'm a shitty friend, but if I say something, I'm just pushing her even farther away... and, either way, if something bad happens-- she turns up dead in a ditch, she kills herself, she stands up for herself with unintended consequences-- it'll somehow be my fault. I feel like a worthwhile person with decent social skills and a decently functioning brain would fucking know what to do. 

I just want to curl in to a little ball and disappear for a while. But I can't....I'm not allowed to miss work.... 

Edited for formatting derp.