What I almost didSo for the last 2 or 3 years I have felt really shitty. I feel like it started with my parents' upbringing. My mom is very black/white, and doesn't really seem to understand much about my situation. She grew up in a VERY strict house in El Salvador in the 70s.  She is very contradicting and always says "if you can get B's in class and stuff, that is fine" while somedays, it is the exact opposite. She says I need to push myself so I can live in a good house and have a good car. My dad on the other hand is essentially a man child who has emotionally me with jokes at my expense/things I actually enjoy in life, and being a constant pest, and occasionally hitting me for no good reason (2 distinct memories are when I was 8 or so I was just playing PS2 in the living room and he just hit me for no good reason. Another being when I standing up for my sister, he clocked me in the stomach.) My dad and my mother also are the kind of couple who really should have never gotten married. My grandma on my dad's side always made my mother feel like shit, made fun of her for being from El Salvador, etc... My mom resents my dad/his family heavily. My dad never really stuck up for my mom, as he always brushed it aside as a joke. It came to the point where my dad's sister threatened to kill my mother with a kitchen knife when she was pregnant with my sister in the late 90s. The only reason my mom decided to stay with my Dad was because of empty promises and because she was naive. My mom wanted a divorce before my sister was born, but because of economic issues with my dad's job he couldn't (we still can't). We aren't the bottom of middle class or the top, we are smack dab in the middle. So when I rolled around in 2001, I was brought into a family that really should have never happened. My mom and dad always fight about stupid shit/always bring up their families, childhood, and other petty shit. Eventually when I was 8 I started playing guitar kind of as an escape. They always hated when I drew doodles in my notebooks/would regularly check them to make sure. They did plenty of overbearing things like this (they still do now that I am almost 17). I started playing guitar because it looked really cool/wanted to play like the guys on the classic rock radio/wanted a hobby where I could be free. In the first couple years of my playing, my dad would always make fun of my ability with jokes like "why can't you play like Van Halen?" and stupid shit like that. He still does this to this day, even though I feel like guitar in the only thing I am actually good at (maybe so, or it is just my crippling self esteem issues, idk). I had (still have) this burning desire to play in a band with like-minded individuals, but I never really got this until my freshman year of high school. His name is Cooper, he was basically my soul mate in a non-romantic way. We started hanging out and making music together, and shit felt right. Everything felt OK for once, and we actually sounded really good together. Then one day he told me he was gonna move to Utah (I live in Oregon). At first I thought he was joking, but he was serious. He left at the end of the school year, my brother, the man I trusted like a family member because he was family. The thing that hurt the most about him leaving was that I felt like I lost a brother, and a part of myself. I felt like I lost a bit of my musicianship/humanity, a thing that makes me feel like an actual human being. Eventually my depression got even worse, and for a solid week or so I cried myself to sleep. I still feel like over a year later, it has only gotten worse. My parents have only gotten more difficult to live with, and I feel alone. Playing with him made me feel like an actual human being, but he is gone. I have played with other people, but it just isn't the same tbh. The love I receive from my parents is genuine, but feels so fake. The only love that I feel as genuine is from my close friends, and my gf. They are the people that make me feel like an actual human, but without Cooper, I feel like I am missing a key component of my humanity. If you read through this entire thing I guess what I am trying to say is that I wish that my self esteem issues, anger issues with my parents, depression, mood swings, and crippling depression would all disappear. I wish that my parents never got married, and I wish that I don't have to live in this hell. Some days are really hard and I was pretty fucking close to taking an entire bottle of Advils before I went to bed and just not waking up. The only thing that stopped me was the thought of seeing Cooper again. Thank you for reading this 