Hi Everyone,I’ve been suicidal off and on for a long time. I never did it because honestly one of my ex’s already did and I think if I did, everything would think it had something to do with him which isn’t true. 

I told my parents about this, they didn’t believe me so my best friend growing up had to beg them to check in. They came down yelled at me, and we never talked about it ever again. 

I since have called a helpline twice and I kid you not the last operator literally asked me if this was serious because he was to talk to someone else who was more emergent and hung up. 
The first time a couple years previously it just kept ringing. I live in Sf so I figured the suicide lines would be better or at least not leave me feeling so much worse. I’ve called ones in other counties like Marin and Sacramento but everyone always has someone more important to talk to. Everyone is more important than me these days and I’m damn near begging for help at this point and it feels pathetic. 

I’ve seen a therapist/still do but with work and my fatigue from being constantly depressed makes it near impossible to maintain. I also did dpt therapy. 

In high school I was on Prozac but all it did was cut my sex drive and make me forget where I was. Any hormonal birth controls make my moods so much worse and it scares me. 
I’m on vyvance to help with my mood, binge eating, and energy. When I go off it maintaining my life and getting out of bed is impossible. 
All my my groups of friends have left me because of various life reasons some my fault some theirs. 

I’m definitely surrounding myself with people who treat me with respect these days, I have a great place to live, nice roommates, a dog, a job that supports me yet every night I lay in bed and tell myself I won’t do it and I just have to make it through the night. 

I’m at my wits end. I don’t think going into a facility will help me because 1. I need to keep my job if I want to live 2. I have no support system beyond a therapist 3. I’m in control of myself I’m just so down I can’t imagine living the rest of my life this way. 
I see myself aging from the depression, I’ve gained weight lost weight, work out don’t work out, my body can’t take it. 

SOS. I think I’ve tried everything healthy I can to seek help but it seems like even the universe wants me to kill myself. 
