i dont know where else to goive never used reddit before now, it was reccomended to me  by someone else and i have no idea how to use it but i need somewhere to talk about this because i dont know any other place to anonymously talk about this without facing judgement

im 15 i turn 16 in august. i was diagnosed with bipolar disorder (and aspergers) last year, but i think i have something else. i got out of a very unhealthy relationship this year. it ended on good terms and were still bffs or whatever but neither of us were doing very well together. my 'ex', i geuss thats what id call him, has a new boyfriend. i dont actually care about this, but it makes me so jealous. i am so lonely but all i ever do is isolate myself from others

i have one other friend, hes 19 and turns 20 in december. we are 3 and a half years apart. weve been friends for almost 5 years now. hes been nothing but supportive and nice to me and helped me deal with all the shit that went down in my last relationship. he makes me feel smart and not ugly or boring or useless. i geuss i projected all this loneliness or something on to him, because i feel the same way about him that i used to feel about my 'ex'. i cant go to him about this for ovbious reasons

its not good. youd think it would be good but its not. its horrible bouts of jealousy and anger and i feel so disgusting and ugly and horrible and guilty. i am such a drain on everyone around me, especially him, and i am always fuckin upset i dont know why he hasnt cut me out of his life yet. 

he likes this girl. i used to be friends with her way back when, but we drifted apart and now we dont really talk at all anymore. he used to talk about how great she was and all this and that and its made me hate her. i dont really hate her i know thats selfish i want to be a better person than that but i cant stop thinking about it

i dont know what i want. i know that 3 and a half years isnt a huge age gap, but i also know theres a huge maturity gap between 16 and 19/20. i know the girl he likes is his age and i know hes a better person than one that would go after someone still in highschool. part of me, deep down says, 'it wont be a big deal when yuor 17 or 18' but i really dont think ill live that long i know i wont

i have attempted 7 times in the past year and ended up in the hospital twice. im on buprophien hoever its spelled now . 

theres so much else bothering me but i would never finish writing this if i typed it all out .  all i want now is to stop this i hate feeling like this i hate being selfish and the only way i can think of improving my life nd the lives of those around me is to off myself because its better than living like this and being a drain on everyone around me another day.