I don’t know what to do anymore?Hey this is my first post on here, I’m 16 (M) and having the worst time in my life. I do apologize in advance for having any spelling errors. So let’s start my life story, For about 10 years my parents always fought. There wasn’t a time in my life where they haven’t fought it was impossible to go one week without hearing them yell and shout back and fourth. Me and all my siblings want them to get a divorce but my dad isn’t signing the divorce papers and my mom is scared to tell anyone because my father had brainwashed and blackmailed the living shit out of her. We live in a 2 story apartment, and we are the home owners. My dad is a compete cheapskates he buys us the bare minimum in food and whatever just so it would be cheaper than paying child support. My mom is the opposite she is unemployed and my dad gives her money to spend on us. She puts her self in debt more and more when we need basic necessities. The only problem is whatever she buys us she is always like “oh your father wouldn’t buy you this” and then rubs it in our face. It’s terrible there is so much shit going on. On top of all that I’m fat and ugly. I was never taught or never saw love from my parents. I don’t know how to love a girl properly. My father didn’t really care at all for my mother never bought gifts or did anything. My whole family is just a burden on him, he doesn’t see us as a family but as a expense. 

You may be guessing what my personality is like. I suffer from intense anxiety and depression. Everything bothers me and puts worry on my heart the more and more I think about it. I try to tell my self I don’t give a fuck but I can’t, I just get deeper and deeper with my thoughts. At school I have “friends” not true friends but “friends”. I might have 5-10 people I can call a “friend” but I’m most certain that they are just using me for school work or just being nice because they feel a sense of pity towards me.  I could say I don’t really have a real friend just people I talk to when they need something. 

All my energy everything I got goes in school I somehow feel that if I do good in school I can pull my self from this everlasting hole. I have decent grades mostly A’s and B’s but it still takes me a long time to learn everything. I’m not smart not in the slightest even tho people tell me it I don’t believe them. I feel like they are just telling me that out of pity. I also stutter and mumble a lot when I talk. I can sometimes be out going or be quite. 

I know I’m going to be recommended to the suicide hotline or whatever but I’m pretty sure they are getting paid by the hour or whatever and reading of a script. I believe suicide is a business people will take as much money as they can while your still alive, even “free” programs. It’s all bullshit someone is paying them or they are getting a benefit in one way or another. I’ve been having suicidal thoughts maybe about 6-7 years I’ve always been a bitch and never done anything about it. My father and mother even told me if I kill my self that they will cry for a day or two and then forget about me. Then at least I’ll be cheaper on him. My dad even told me in my face and my siblings that he wish we would die or never been born so he wouldn’t spend money on us.

If you read this far thanks your probably the only person to ever hear this story. I’m honestly thinking of killing my self but don’t believe in the anti suicide programs I don’t know what to do.