Resources on how to end myself peacefully?Im 48yo. Guy. Worth about $1million. Job most people would kill for. Talented musician and pretty good at the things I've had control over in life and other than that? A complete and total fucking loser with relationships. 

20 decades of horribly low self esteem has left me totally alone in life. No one gives a fuck about me. I've barely seen a person since covid started in March and I live alone. 

In march I decided I HAD to try to get mental health help again or I knew I'd fall into a horrible pit. Spent $100 per hour 2 times a week for the last 6 months via zoom out of my own pocket (no mental health insurance). I knew the woman wasn't awesome but she was helpful for awhile because she was literally ANYONE  until it all fell apart 2 weeks ago forcing me to end it. I realized the woman while saying she cared didn't give a fuck in reality. Up until then I actually started to improve things but the way it ended made me worse than when I began. 

So being completely lonely and literally not talking to anyone or seeing anyone I stumbled onto a camgirl website about 10 days ago. Well of course I fall for a girl on there and waste probably $1000 in a week. I actually paid her to put her clothes on and just talk. OBVIOUSLY im a fucking idiot for thinking it was anything but what it was but I was just hoping for just a LITTLE compassion and somebody being sweet/nice to me.

Well of course that just fell apart and im sure the camgirl doesn't even realize im gone and im crushed. 

Jesus christ my life has gone completely down the tubes.

I started investing my money a few years ago in hopes that 
I might make myself more attractive to woman or at least give me confidence to feel i might be worthy.  I cant even keep the interest of a camgirl I toss $1000 at. 

I dont feel like typing all the REAL horrible things over the last 20 years of drug abuse, losing friends, etc that I just felt it was appropriate to tell the camgirl story to show how fucking pathetic I am.

I honestly need to end myself but I'm scared. 
I pray to myself every night that I die in my sleep. 

I need to figure out how to kill myself in a way that will actually succeed. I have guns but I'm afraid of bleeding out alive for hours. I dont know if i could get the courage to jump off a bridge. 

I just need help to end myself. I cant keep going like this. 
I thought I had things to offer to people and at my age absolutely no one gives a shit about me. Please help me end this. Any advice is appreciated.