No foundation for a future, lost all hopeI lost my younger brother to suicide out of nowhere last fall, he was the strong one with the future ahead. I wasted 4 years for a degree in IT I have no chance to succeed and which I am not interested in at all as I found out. I have doubts about it since 2 years, still went on, not having an alternative. I live outside the US in a very expensive country (not in Scandinavia), I either get a Master's degree or I work for the minimum wage which is bare surviving. There are a few minor alternative formations without a uni degree, but I am too old for most of them and not interested in the jobs. There's no other branch that would interest me enough for a university degree and the choice is limited, since my brother's death I need to live with my parents, the pain is too big, I literally don't get out of bed otherwise and feel even worse.

I have a pretty intense agoraphobia, meaning I have practically no friends, none I can meet new people with, they know I'm strange and pretty asocial. This phobia together with intense anxiety disorder and the depression there of, make it impossible for me to go into classes, leave alone work 8 hours a day. I hate monotony in jobs, mostly because my private life is very monotone. I have problems with my leg, so I am often immobile, can't walk or cycle which is the only thing making me happy and giving me a feeling of success. I currently have nothing that gives me this feeling of success.

I  have always had phases of depression, 4 years ago the deep ones went away, until my education crumbled again and my health problems got worse. I will soon be thrown out when my current education goes to complete shit, won't find a job that pays enough, if I find one at all, housing too expensive in my home country, which means living at the border, 3hours stuck in traffic/day and less life quality and practically no social security. I fucked up big time. I should have a masters degree, more friends, a girlfriend and a bright life ahead, instead nothing besides a will to end it all. Making my parents and grandma even worse, killing their last chance of legacy (have no other siblings or even cousins).

I will see a psychologist on Monday, having seen a therapist weeks ago once before whom I didn't tell my only solution which is suicide, the prescribed SSRI don't work, the pill to make me calm in the evening makes me sleep all day. I might tell the psychologist on Monday, but it will break my parents, I will kill their big trust, they'll have to cancel their very needed holidays and will definitely fall in a real pit now. It's too much. And they think I should just go on studying, get serious and pull it through, and I won't have a chance to succeed, even if I try as hard as possible. It's only going downhill. I am sleepy all the time, have no motiviation for anything, not even enough to play video games, leave alone study a bit for the exams in a month.


tl;dr I don't see a future for me, I have no family left, no life sustaining education, no friends, no girlfriend, uncertain health (I already do my best with). Failed big time.

What shall I do ? Besides ending my life and destroying my parents life.
Sorry for the missing structure, I have an anxiety attack again.