I acted it out Thursday night.On Thursday night I was lying in bed trying to sleep when I had this burst of sadness and crying. Usually I just shed a few tears when I start thinking about how much life sucks and how worthless I am, but this time I was bawling. The thing is I don't want to kill myself. I just don't enjoy anything about life and I hate the idea of working just so I can survive. I just wish I had something to make it all worthwhile, but nothing does. I can't live like this and suicide seems to be the only way out.

Anyway I went and got the shotgun, put it in my mouth and "fired" it with no bullets. It was scary and made me jump each time it clicked. (I did this about 3 times) I then cried some more before staring at the bottle of antidepressants I have wishing I had enough for a lethal overdose, but I don't. I'd probably just fuck myself up even more or even worse wake up in the hospital with tons of medical bills and then have people watching me 24/7 afterward. Too bad because I'd rather do it that way. I know this is kind of skirting the rule about discussing methods, but this is what happened.

On an unrelated note I think I have fucked up this entire semester of college. I didn't do the work, because I am a lazy, entitled piece of shit and now I am super behind. Maybe I could salvage it if I did a 180 and became a star student, but thats not happening. Guess this means I will be spending a whole extra year in this hellhole instead of just an extra semester. Maybe they will put me on academic probation and when I fuck up next semester they will kick me out. That should give me the encouragement I need to just end it, because I sure as hell am not working some dead end job where I get just enough to survive, but not actually get anywhere.

Yes I know money doesn't equal happiness. Relationships do. Well I can't imagine anyone would want to be friends with a boring, awkward fuck up like myself. It is sure the case right now. I also can't imagine any woman stupid enough to waste her time in a romantic relationship with me. At least I have never met one.