Im scared my girlfriend might kill herselfMe and my GF(both 17) have some problems. We both struggle with depression and other mental health issues but we are on a great way of getting better. At least i thought we were. She has attempted suicide before, and she has told me that still, deep inside of her she wants to kill herself. She got so much better at handling her downs, and i truly thought we could make it but yesterday scared the living hell out of me.
We got drunk with my family, i passed out at around 3 am. She was still awake, listening to music drinking whine and writing what i thought was a diary entry. About 20 minuites later i woke up to her grinding on me. She seemed very strange, not just drunk strange but suicidal strange. She keept trying to get me to touch her ass/breasts etc. But i refused and tried to talk to her. She keept saying she was fine, but then broke down crying. I didn't know what to do, she wanted me to give her another of her sleeping meds eventhough she already had double her dose plus a lot of whine. I also refused that, just cuddled up with her and tried to calm her down. She also keept asking if i knew her phone passcode. Of course i did. When she finally fell asleep i checked her phone. She had googled the fatal dose of seroquel, her sleeping meds. Also wrote some really depressed stuff in her notes. I didn't call an ambulance. I checked she could have only taken 200 mg which was a pretty safe dose. I got an amuniak ampule and some promethathine for emergencies and stayed up all night making sure she was alright.

This moring we cried a lot and talked about it. She said she had a flashback and just tried to fall asleep to get it out of her head. She has these flashbacks from time to time but i havent seen one that bad. She also said she wasn't trying to kill herself yesterday, just "maybe hoping she wouldn't wake up".  I asked her if she still planned to kill herself if she wouldn't get her "Fachabi"(Like highschool diplom). She said "You can't just get that out so simply". Im scared. I don't know what to do, how i can help. I don't know if this was just a bad evening or if i should be really concerned. Im not suicidal anymore, but i dont know how i can help her to get better aswell. 
We both live in different government funded homes for teens. Hers is specialised for teens with eating disorders, but also for self harm and suicidal teens. She was about to move out because everything was working out so great. She reached a stable weight, was only selfharming very irregulary and trauma therapy seems to help her alot. Now i dont know if she is quite ready. Im scared she might do something stupid when she moves out and lives alone. In the group there is someone there 24/7 to watch out. On the weekend she is with me. But when she lives alone there won't always be someone to watch out. Fuck i don't know what to do.