The "love" of my life left me and I'm in emotional ruins right now.So here's the story...it's a long one.

Years ago I met this girl on a video game. Yes, a video game. She was a pleasure to talk to and our conversations quickly went from video game talk to personal talk. Next thing you know we added each other on Facebook and exchanged numbers. This is all taking place in the last 2-3 years of high school, so we were somewhat young. It's been 5-6 years since then. Anyways, I never had any interest in her romantically back then and there would be occasions where she would drop off the grid for months at a time, but I was okay with that. She lives half way across the country from me and has her own life to live and so did I. 

One day I get a text out of the blue and it's her. This is now after high school. We get to talking just like the old days and she admits she has feelings towards me and I admit the same to her. Things went from 0-60 real quick. We were talking of finally meeting in real life, and our plans for the future. Well, there were a few times where she needed "time to herself" or just straight up admitted she couldn't handle a long distance relationship because she would get so lonely. I always waited for her to come back because I had some feeling in the back of my head that she would be back, and she always was.

Just a few months ago she came back after being nonexistent for months. She said she was sorry for being so distant and things went right back to where they had been. Everything was so perfect, I was practically counting down the days until I could finally meet her. We had a date set, she said she wanted to run away to be with me, and I was so excited and nervous to finally meet her. Well, things went south out of the blue. She told me that she was living with a guy for a while and they were dating. She had never ended it like this...

I know it's pathetic, to have such strong feelings for a girl I've never met but to be honest she was one of my only friends for years. In fact I've technically been "physically" alone for 3 going on 4 years. To have her leave like that, it kills me. It kills me to know that I wasted so many years hoping this fantasy would finally come true, it kills me to know that she never cared about me. I was just a temporary fix to her own loneliness until she found someone in real life. All of the promises we made meant nothing...I feel so betrayed and humiliated.

Where do I go from here? What can I do to move on? I've thought about making a Tinder or something but I hate being rejected and I'm not interested in casual dating. I want something serious, I want to know that someone actually cares about me. 

I feel so empty inside...I've turned to alcohol and sleeping pills to save me. The sleeping pills are worthless and the alcohol is just too much to make into a daily habit. I want to die. I really don't see  reason to keep going. And for the first time in my life I have the courage to end it all. Help me.

