I think I reached my breaking point and I can’t do it anymore.I’ve tried and tried so hard. I’ve kept my depression and anxiety to myself for years to not burden anyone. It’s been such a dark and lonely road. 2020 being the absolute worst and I can’t deal with it anymore. I am so so tired.

I’ve tried to bring it up to family and friends, but they have their own problems. I have never felt so alone in a house full of people. Being taught about suicide growing up in a religious family, I was told it was the most selfish and dumbest thing to do. As a young child, I guess I didn’t really care.

Then I became a young adult and it’s the only escape I can think about. I feel so hopeless and lost. I tried to casually bring up the topic of depression and was immediately told it’s just something the media makes up. I asked my family what would happen if a relative killed themselves. The responses I received were that they wouldn’t attend the funeral because it is a sin. They wouldn’t even acknowledge it happened and move on.  I guess I should have known better than to ask because it made me even sadder, but it kept me from killing myself then.

I think about that time and kind of chuckle to myself. If I had killed myself then, I wouldn’t be here writing this now. I wouldn’t have gone through another 5 years of misery. I should have just saved myself and everyone the time. 

When I became depressed, I should have known something was wrong. I mean my life was crumbling and I was falling deeper and deeper into the hole I was in. I just wanted to lay in bed and sleep my life away. I was no longer afraid of death. I no longer feared anything. I was petrified of heights and one day found myself sitting on a cliff staring at the Pacific, something I would have never done. 

So many things changed. I couldn’t sleep anymore. I no longer felt like I was living, but more so just existing. I went from taking life head on with so many future plans to just trying to tough it out day by day. 

I don’t remember the last time I genuinely laughed or smiled. I just feel so consumed with darkness. I can’t recall my favorite foods, my favorite songs, my favorite...anything. Someone asks me what I want in life and I can’t answer the question honestly without coming off as someone that needs to be locked up in a psychiatric ward.  

I spent a lot of my energy making sure the people around me lived the best life. I tried to be humble, to be kind, and to be as selfless as possible. I realize now, I did that because it was something I couldn’t do for myself. Life keeps getting more and more difficult, no matter how hard I try. I feel like I’m running in place, taking a step forward only to be pushed 2 steps back.

The past few days I’ve contemplated suicide and honestly, it’s the most comforting thing. I wish there was an easy, painless way to do it. I’m sad but incredibly relieved. It’s like I’m seeing the light at the end of tunnel. 

I really don’t know why I’m writing this. I guess, I just wanted to say that I tried. I tried to live. And that this was my choice. My one selfish act for myself. Maybe someone I know will find this post if they dig deep enough through my stuff. Or maybe no one will find this. 

I guess it doesn’t really matter either way.