Am I misunderstood or am I dead wrong 100% of the time?My dad told me yesterday that if you go through your life thinking everyones an asshole it probably means you are the asshole...
I don't feel like an asshole...
I try to respect other people...
I try to help other people...
I'm generally always kind and polite...
I let things that upset me go most of the time...
I think everyone has things that upset other people but I feel like im the only one who excepts that and tries to move on...
my BEST friend called me a pussy an asshole and a bitch yesterday because I wouldn't scam money from people with him...
my dad told me I was incapable of living like a "human being" because I don't always bring my beer cans and dishes out of my bedroom...
I know at this point I sound like im 12...
im 26 years old...
I've had metal problems(untreated in my childhood) my whole life(so said my dr.)but my family wont admit it because they feel like people will blame them and they preseive themselves as being wiser than the rest of the wolrd(including doctors)
every time I ask them to talk to a doctor about my youth they tell them I was always the happiest kid in the world(dispite self harm scars that I can show from the age of 12 and blow ups despite being anti social and crying all the time wich in my dads eyes just meant I was a pussy and so on)I remember being a child and people on the outside would ask my parents if I was ok because I seemed slow and withdrawn my dad would tell me about this only to point out that I was acting like a "retard" and that(insert my last name)men don't act that way and im making us look bad I was alone my whole life(with the exception of a few friends I always had to conform to) I met a girl when I was 18 years old ( my first and only romantic relationship) we ended up getting married like a year later we had a daughter together and I finally thought I was on the path to a "normal" "adult" "non-retard" life but things got bad,i couldn't hold a job(I think because of my metal health issues but of course my family says im a lazy asshole) I did end up getting a job at a localy owned business and did a great job ended up being the owners go to guy and I would say best friend,he told me he was going to train me to run the business when he retired,again I finnaly thought I was on my way to being a good person and gaining self respect(wich I would say I have never had)long shitty sad sack story short he was "grooming" me and ended up taking me out one night,getting me drunk and analy raping me...
I went home and told my wife that I cheated on her(don't ask me why I think the shame of being and asshole was easier to me than that of being weak) we continued to fight about that until I broke down and told the truth...
a few weeks later she served me with divorce papers...
I lost it...
I moved back in with my parents and tried to commit suicide sevral time and ended up in the hospital wich my family soon grew tired of so I stopped taking my pills stopped seeing my dr. and its been three years I have my daughter 4 days a week despite losing legal custody(my ex wife at times has accully reffered to me as a baby sitter even though I spend more time caring for her than ANYONE else in her life...
but I cant hold a job at all anymore and my parents pay for her cloths and things on my end(except for food because I feed her on my gov food assistence) my parents treat my like im trash my dad goes into my room and goes through my papers from therapy and the hospital he once found a mind map(if you know what that is)that I had drawn folded up in my room and in a folder he took it and hung it on the fridge to so everyone could see how rediculus I am....
my older brother can be helpful at times but is still very judgemental Friday night my parents had a HUGE fight(should be no big deal and none of my business) but they ended up SCREAMING at eachother til midnight while my daughter and I were trying to sleep the next day they acted like nothing had happened and like I had no reason to be upset I went to the bathroom only to come back and find my mom going through my room again so I very peacefully gathered a few thing left a note saying they could have everything that I left behind and hit the road planning on finding my own way...
I went to my brother's house to explain what was going on and he talked my into trying to make a little bit of money to pay them rent write up an agreement stating that because I was now paying rent they had to respect me as a renter and not a son...
he took me out the next day and helped me find some odd jobs ( mostly shoveling snow) and I made 100 in three hours( even though im apperently just lazy) but the down side was getting doors slamed in my face a being talked down to by most of the people I asked for work...
we brought the money to my parent and I apologize for...im not really sure I guess just for being a fuck up...
but all night last night they just treated me like garbage I didn't sleep the whole night because my nerves keep me awake and cause me to vomit blood....
this morning I waited to hear them both go to work and came out to my dads computer to think...I think I want to try suicide again maybe it hurts enough now to not fuck it up maybe ive lost enough maybe im dead enough already...