i cant stop cryingtheres just so much I dont know where to begin. 
i guess ive always felt sad, my whole life. my mom is extremely manic depressive, my dad is a raging alcoholic. my mother is an extremely selfish person, she uses people, shes a thief. shes stolen so much money from me, she uses me for the thing i have and only wants to be a my mom when it looks good in front of her friends. my dad hasnt stopped drinking, once he called me for my 16th birthday a week late and thought it was my 13th. 
the man my mom married about my dad, who loved me like his own child, and was really the only real parent to me, died when i was 15. and most of the people in my family think my mom knew he had overdosed and left him to die for his life insurance money. 
when i was 13 i moved in with my mothers mom, who beat me regularly. still to this day when i see her she talks about how awful, ugly and fat i am and how im going to be just like my parents. 
Im 20, and 5'2 and I weigh 119. Im in college to be a teacher, neither of my parents or even my grandma finished highschool
so ive always been sad, with all that shit who wouldnt be you know? 
well i really started realizing how depressed i was after i met Joshua. Josh is the love of my life, and I know that sounds so stupid. Im only twenty, but he is. I told him everything I shared my darkness with him and he loved me anyway. long story short he broke up with me because i went away to college. we still talked all the time, then my freshman year i was raped. like socks stuffed in my mouth, hands pinned to the ground, punching me when i fought back. and after that i havent been the same person. 
ive always felt like ive had this darkness, its the only way i can describe it, is my darkness. it feels like all the light in my life is turned off and im left with the bad. and i thought i was getting over it. i thought i was getting happy. i thought i was coming to be at peace with it all and ive felt that way for a few months now. 
but recently its come back, worse then ever. i just feel like i dont have anyone who truly cares for me. joshua wont speak to me and hasnt in over a year. i feel so alone, every time im alone all i can do is cry. and i just dont understand what Ive done as a person to deserve any of it or deserve to feel this way. Im not a bad person. i volunteer, im in school to be a teacher, i work 40 hours a week, i try to be kind to every person in my life and i try so hard to be positive for everyone around me. 
but here i am, 1:35 in the morning wishing to feel at peace. i just want to be able to feel anything besides sad.  