I'm logical enough to know something is wrong in my head. But I still get these thoughts. Anyone wanna talk?I have had this issue since I was about 12. But now environmental factors and just the fact that I feel very alone is taking its toll. I have tried 3 times already to rid this earth of me, but failed. No one even knew I was gone, no one knows to this day.  

You know those stories about people who are in the cusp of despair when suddenly someone, a friend, family member, total stranger finds them and helps them? Not here.   

I haven't had a phone call from a friend in two years since I moved across the country from my hometown. I spend my days in a quiet house. Working on some sort of skill, knowing deep down I'm not very good at it.  Daily, I battle with thoughts. Thoughts that push through like demons. Thoughts that tell me how stupid I am, how I only cause problems and burdens for other people, how I am slow, and hopeless.  

I know this is a problem within my head, with my brain. I have constant headaches and when these.. attacks happen I can't pull myself out, and no one has ever come in and just asked if I was ok, maybe held me. My mom wouldn't do it, my father just yells at me that I have nothing to be sad about, why the fuck am I crying.  

I don't have much to be sad about, but I also have no one to turn to. I have been traumatized in the past two years, thrown into a world of angry stepmoms, being a noob at everything, being made fun of for being slow, getting yelled at for feeling sad, or expressing physical pains.  Friends are 0. Family is gone. I want to become hardened and unfeeling, but some days it just gets to me. Some days it drops me to the floor in physical pain.

Somedays it's just too much.


edit:
After a morning of talking with truly caring people, a little bit of light is there at the end of the tunnel. I have to get to work now, but I want to thank everyone out there who is caring enough just to listen. Sometimes that's all someone needs. I will try and answer more replies later, you guys have really helped. Thank you.