12 05 18This is the date of my birthday this year.. I’m not sure if it worth living another year of being wrongfully accused of being reverse racist and misogynistic. It’s been five years sense being home from where they sent me to recondition me. To no addvail. Because there was nothing wrong with what I had in or over the situation. I was attack and assaulted sexually when I was drugged while drinking with friends at a beach party. And then was raped in full view of everyone. After hours of being blacked out and what I’ve been made to come to terms about that all being molestation. They scantalized a story about how I was a scared virgin and made up the part about being raped. I just know that I wouldn’t have blacked out after fifteen minutes. Me being a scared virgin is part of the point of why I know what I wanted out of my life at the time and It Was Not Her. I’m only predisposed to alcohol to not get hangovers and be able to drink two forties at a time all sophomore and freshman year. So the roofied and drugged my liquor cause I still wouldn’t have given this person time of day over the facts that she was the school whore slut and was fucking guys over her moms money and drugs. I never had anything to do with this person till they raped me over me being bullied from a person that wanted to say I was mommy confused over me wanting to date my girlfriend. And stay our selves while we me and my girlfriend not my rapist opened up to one another sexually. By the time I was waking up from the painkiller roofie she was raping me and molesting the type of person I was over her thinking I was hers. And not to my own. With the person that I wanted to be with. Now I’m suicidal cause I has stunts against medication cause of how I was roofied. My counseling staff wants me to fuck off cause I’m not trying. When I’m working as much as I can to understand why meds have to be the only thing they can offer me to get over being raped with drugs. My mother wants to block this as nothing but a delusion cause she basically let it happen. I just know that’s not worth knowing that every other person have had their own say with out taking who or what I’ve been through to heart.. I’m hoping to kill myself. So that I don’t have to keep saying the same thing that pretty much only makes me look like a crazy freak. Or like I don’t know what people are or capable of. Why should I look like a freak so that people who can say I’m only wanting something from them. When all I’m fucking saying that I never wanted anything from them based on who they were not just to me. I didn’t want to be their friends or know what they weee like cause they did their best to make me out to be some one who want to trauma grab over them raping the experience and expectations of who I was to me my friends. And the people who actually saw me shine for who I was to them. Not my mom. Not the bullies.. but the people that actually saw me for me with them. Not just the me they wanted over them. 