Please just talk to meGod, I hate being so desperate, and I'm sorry.
I just have a strengthening urge to shut up my mind permanently. The more I struggle against my past and try to escape it, the more it tightens its grip on me. I can't fucking stand it anymore. Not only is my past weighing so heavily on me, but the people in my life typically either ignore me or react in anger when I'm having personal problems. 

My past is unclean and stupidly bad. I've been neglected by family, molested by my mom's ex-boyfriend, raped by a friend I trusted, rejected (once again, by family), and in general tossed around like an old shoe. I don't want to just blame the past for all of my problems, because I know much of it is my doing - but still, what the fuck? Why is this so hard? I have mild bipolar tendencies, and I'm highly dissociative (if that's even a term). I've had the typical textbook depression and severe anxiety, eating disorders, and some physical crap.  

I've struggled with these problems (and some other things) throughout the years, and my family has done anything but help. My mom is close-minded and very judgemental, and only wants to seal me off from the rest of the world. I can actually relate to my father in many ways, but his stupid little fiancee has ruined a lot of things. She's a child, she's a brat, and she doesn't understand any of my problems. She doesn't understand shit about how the world works, really. While I'm having an anxiety attack, she'll wail and moan about how my father isn't paying enough attention to her and that I'm always stealing him away from her. While I'm in the basement, convinced that I'm dying. 
She can literally cry and mope around for days because she's getting her engagement ring late - yet I'm treated like a criminal if I have so much as one bad day after a reminder of being raped.

There is too much to talk about. Please help me, I need to talk to someone. This is all closed up and burning me from the inside out. 

EDIT: Also, please don't refer me to suicide hotlines - I know the numbers, I've called many times. They have almost always just made me feel worse by not listening or giving me obviously rehearsed cookie-cutter responses. I just need a friend.

EDIT 2: Ugh, thanks guys. I still don't really feel at peace or necessarily okay, but a bunch of people messaged me and I was calmed down enough to at least get a bit of sleep. It's a start, so thank you.