Could someone offer some productive advice please?I have aspergers. Many people think that they do, but I definitely have it. As such, I have extreme trouble managing time, being productive, planning time wisely, etc. I also haven't ever really bonded with people well.

I understand people, but I am not a good communicator. Understanding motivations, purposes, reasons, ideas, and all sorts of intellectual concepts is easy for me. I think too much, which makes me pretty introspective/introverted, quite reserved, and very thoughtful. I still have a lot of common sense, so I'm nowhere near the "absentminded professor" type.

---

I just spent 45 minutes ranting/talking to myself. Nothing seems to be going well. I'm unemployed. I haven't contacted any "friends" in a long time because I've been depressed and I was going through a bad phase of drowning my sorrows in alcohol.

I write a lot, and while my degree is in business I have little to no experience. My major interest is writing... and it doesn't matter what sort of writing. I've done technical writing in the past, written short stories, and many incredibly lengthy research papers. I've performed my own research and written business plans.

The problem is not ability. The problem is how do I get any abilities up to a professional, polished, and practiced level... when I have no job and no experience. My focus in college was Marketing. I understand the theory, practice, and the "thought based/creative" side of marketing very well.

As for communicating, connecting, and bonding with people... I have a very difficult time. I've always been more into the realm of ideas, thoughts, and abstract elements, rather than connecting with people. I am the opposite of the traditional sales person.

---

I realize I'm not screaming "help me I'm going to do it," but the reality is that I have been dying for a while now. I'm a shadow of my former youth. My vitality, energy, enthusiasm, and zest for exploration has become stagnant.

Other people are in much different (possibly worse) situations, but reason and rationality are the only two things keeping me here. If it was not for my family (who have always been understanding and very good to me), then I know for certain I would have gone a long time ago.

I'm also depressed about the state of affairs of our country. I don't think anyone can really claim that we are as well off as we were in the 1990s. I remember those days joyfully, but now everything seems so dark. Everyone seems so hateful.

---

Lately I've been working out very often. I was a wrestler in high school and part of college, but since let myself go.  I've been writing and literally devouring books. I perform in a well renown adult choir (at least in certain circles due to our director). I've limited my drinking to the occasional beer, rather than 4 whiskey and cokes a night.

---

Does anyone have any advice? Can anyone think of some steps that might help me to keep moving forward in a positive fashion?

I'm willing to listen, learn, accomplish and make changes in my life, but I'm somewhat lost in how I should continue.