I am already dead insideI don't know why I am bothering writing this, it is not like it is going to change anything. It won't make the hell go away, only I can. It does feel though that no matter how many times I try I just will not fucking die (I have attempted suicide many times in my life)

I have many issues and I suffer with severe mental illness (BPD, Psychosis, Severe Depression ect), I am disabled by it. Lots of things have happened in my life, from losing my mother last July to spending over a year in a psychiatric ward. I am ready to go into darkness, I don't want to fight anymore. I have also traveled Europe extensively, I have been to the USA and Russia also.

All that makes me feel is sex, drugs and metal. But then I am in a DB relationship that makes my soul die inside, I so miss a man wanting me too. I want to go wild, I want it all, but he has refused me so many times that I cannot control the anger anymore. 

I was hospitalised for a suicide attempt in September, I am planning my next one. 

I fly to Amsterdam later this week and it is going to be my major blow-out before I end my life. I am going to fuck, do so many drugs, go crazy. Fuck it all. When I return home, I am going to try to end my life by severing my jugular vein, among the other things I will do. Every vein will bleed.

Every moment is filled with such intense pain, such despair, I cannot live with it anymore. I cannot bear this longing that kills me more each moment. I am a monster, I become a monster, such rage makes me destroy and scream, my sadness has me cutting myself, drinking and smoking. But I like this too, I enjoy not caring about my life at all. 

I don't want to be saved or helped, I want this destruction, my longing for destroying and killing myself is so seductive that I cannot think of much else. I want this with all I am, all I could have been. 

Rammstein and Lindemann are helping me through this with the music but I cannot have earbuds in for all of my life. 

I struggle to describe my feelings, if anyone out there actually cares please, if you listen to "Monster" by Skillet, "Its All Over", "Painkiller" (I am going through withdrawal from Codeine as I type) and "Animal I Have Become" by Three Days Grace, "Sober" by Tool, "Truth Hurts" by Bullet For My Valentine - those are my feelings and type of thoughts right now. 

Rammstein's sexual songs are keeping my heart feeling alive sometimes, to know someone else out there may have my type of sexuality too gives me hope. Think "Rein, Raus", "WeiBes Fleisch", "Du Riescht So Gut", "Buck Dich" and "Kuss Mich". I love Rammstein so much that I even have their logo tattooed on my back, the music has helped me through such dark times and I love so many things about them. 

Rage, hunger, longing and despair haunt me, they have stolen my heart and soul. I cannot wait to fucking end it all. But I also long for sex, so much sex. It is all I can think about sometimes, I have been trying to channel it into writing fiction and have begun but it is not enough. It is never enough. 

Nothing feels serious anymore, my overdose (to kill myself, I took 90 pills) just felt like a normal thing to me, I don't feel consequences anymore. I fear what I am capable of, I have already done abhorrent things that I despise myself for (inc being violent), I am scared that I am capable of murder - so taken by the rage I become, I lose all control. I cannot control or stop myself when the emotions take me and truthfully, I can see it being a realistic thing that I could do that. It horrifies and scares me, I do not want to be a monster but I am. 

A part of me thinks I should be in a psychiatric ward but most of me wants to be free to do all these bad things I fantasise and dream of, including ending my life. My Fiance and father have been trying to get me help but my local mental health team don't want to help me, currently working with an MP because of how poorly they have treated me as a patient. Imagine how it feels to be told by the NHS that they cannot help you and you can't be fixed, blaming you for it too. That is what has happened to me. 

"Thats my Heart" is me and my life right now, it makes me sob because it feels like someone knows my life and my pain. 

I cannot hold on for much longer, I just need that fucking knife. 

