Fiance left me today. Tonight is the night.Mom if you by chance get this, i loved you. You did everything right by me, D, M, and Q. You really did not do a damn thing wrong. I came back from overseas different than when i left, and after that ive kind of always known that i would go out on my own terms. You have always been there when i needed you, but im tired. I dont want this anymore. Im sorry, Mom I love you.

Dad, you have always been the strong one, looking out for all of us since the day I was born. You were working all the time, but ive always understood why. Money is tight and you have been exhausting yourself for 30 years now. I hope my life insurance will be enough to help you and mom retire for the rest of your lives. Im sorry. Dad i love you.

D. You were always a shit, still are, but thats what little brothers are for. I know you are going places. Ive known since we were little. You have a drive in you that i have never had, and i never want you to lose it. You will meet a woman, fall in love. Please dont deploy. But first i need you to be strong for everyone else. I know you are the only one who can be. For what its worth, Im sorry. I love you D.
M. You have always trailed in Your older brothers footsteps, and admittedly we left you behind when we were younger, but i am proud of who you have become, who i have seen you grow into. You texted me earlier asking if i was going to be okay, i lied to you. And for that i wont be able to tell you i am sorry, but i really really am. We have gotten so much closer the past few years and i know this wont be easy for you, but things will be okay. I want you to choose your own path. Do what you want to and fuck what the expectations are. Find the happiness that i havent been able to. And dont let it go. Im sorry, I love you M.

Q, i dont know what to say. You and i have had a relationship thats been different than the rest of the family. You are my little sister, and i was supposed to be your protector. Ive been away for so many years and i am sorry for that. We dont talk as much anymore and i am sorry for that too. Even though you arent out of school i already see that you are the smartest person i know. I want you to go to college. I dont want you to settle for any of the boys, find yourself someone who will praise the ground you walk on and nothing less. Its what you deserve. Its what i want for you. Its going to hurt at first, but the pain will fade. I am so fucking sorry Q, I love you.


S: you know who you are, i love you, and i cannot see my life without you in it. I want to thank you for what you have given me, and i want you to find someone who will give you more than i ever could. Im sorry things went the way they did, but this is my choice. S, i am sorry, I love you more than you will ever know, - Lovemuffin.

To my friends- im sorry. I know what this will do to you. We went through it in October and it was the saddest day of my life. I know i told you i would be okay after CS, but i am not. This is my choice, you guys are my brothers, i love you.

Anyone reading this- Its too late for me, i cannot take the pain and i have had my fill. To anyone reading this, please talk to your loved ones. Dont let a moment go by, nobody should see what i have or done what ive had to do. However This is my choice. This is the one thing i have control over, and damnit all if i cannot do it, but i know i will. I want to say that at this time i am clear of mind and i have made my choice. My previous will is null and void. Everything i own goes to my Father and mother. Except The ring on the Oakley sleeve, in the box, in my nightstand. That will be returned to S. 

Reddit i am sorry i had to put this here. I wanted this to be an open letter so you can make a different choice. Its one that i just dont have any longer. I am alone and far from home. Hug your loved ones. They love you more than you could ever know

Family and S- i love you, it wasant your fault. This was my decision. 

Most of my Extended family- Fuck you. (D, B, B i love you, please keep an eye on my family when i am gone)

Its time. When the bottle is gone and i work up to it, it will happen. This is my choice, and its not anyones fault. Theres nothing you could have done. I have known for a long time that things would end this way.

Again, family and S- i love you