A Diary of a Death23M 
Bipolar 2/OCD/ADHD. 

While I’m not in a suicidal phase, I will be. 
Tonight I started a journal of my thoughts which I aim to add to frequently- to help those close to me in my passing. 
Before reading, please note I have taken almost every step possible at recovery and will continue to do so.
I suggest all of you out there struggling to do the same. 
It is not easy, nor are rewards promised. 
But it is absolutely worth a shot. 





It’s Sunday the 30th of June, 2019. 
I should have started this years ago, perhaps it would have given me some understanding of the mental illnesses that riddle my mind, body and existence. 
Perhaps it could have helped me, saved me- if you will. 
But it hasn’t, so instead-  I hope this helps you. 

Suicide, is not selfish. 
I am sure that there will be sorrow surrounding my passing.
There will be questions, unanswerable until the end of time. 
I will break the hearts of the those whom I love the most in the world.  
Time heals most wounds, but not all- not the death of a son, partner, friend or father. 
It is a heavy burden, but not one without calculation. 


How long can we expect a man to hold his bladder when relief is nowhere in sight? 
Trapped on a bus. 
Urinating himself solves the problem. 
Relief, surely followed by an incredible amount of shame- 
but relief. 
Perhaps there were a bathroom around the next corner, perhaps not. 
There hasn’t been the last thousand. 
Nobody wants to piss themselves. 


I have been on that bus for years.
There have been dozens of turns, each councillor, every different medication. 
Every turn taken hopefully, ending disappointingly. 
Perhaps the next turn will bring something- perhaps not. 
Relief. There, from the start sitting on the back of my conscience.
Nobody wants to kill themselves. 
Everybody wants relief. 



Living with Bipolar is a funny thing. 
I spend 3 months severely suicidal and 3 months not. 
Let me get this very clear- my life certainly isn’t shit. 
I live in a great house, with a loving and understanding partner. I have a 16 month old boy whose future I shape positively every single day. 
I have family that shower me with support.
I have a job, with colleagues I love dearly. 
There isn’t anything I would do differently, and that’s what makes things difficult. 

I am simply unable to live a full life.
I live a half life. With an expectancy reduced by 20 years due to stresses of the heart- if I don’t kill myself beforehand like 19% of those with my diagnosis. 

Bleak. 
But it’s fucking true. 
My illnesses are only gone when I am. 

I know more people who have killed themselves than I know who have had died from cancer. 
They get labeled a warrior, and us- a coward.