I feel really awful, I think I ruined a relationship with one of the most wonderful individual I have ever metLong story short. 2 months ago I got into an argument with a friend of mine. My friend is literally one of the most sweetest, warm, loving, outgoing individuals I have ever met. We consider each other like siblings, and I never grew up with someone like her. Our relationship was starting to deteriorate because of my mental health. I saw her as my everything, my rock, and I leaned on her too much, and I would stack my issues, traumas, and fears on top of hers and I putting unnecessary on her, and I didn’t realize I was doing any harm and I feel so awful in hindsight. I was too ignorant and dumb to notice. I never meant any ill intent or harm.  She would encourage me to get go to therapy and get medication and I was apprehensive to because I was scared. Our argument consisted of me calling her out on some of her bad traits after being frustrated with how sometimes she could be hard to communicate with as far as calling and texting goes, she got mad and said she needs space. I own up to the fact I should have not called out her shortcomings, it was the wrong time and I wasn’t that nice about it. A week later I texted and told her I am set up on medication and that I am currently in line waiting for a therapist and I also texted her to apologize for the argument and I love her. No response. Our boundaries were never really clearly set up or defined beyond her simply saying “I need my space”. I then later texted her asking if she would be open to having coffee or having FaceTime to talk over our issues and making amends, and no response. I was getting the silent treatment. I also admit I was too eager to want to get things fixed between us, I just didn’t want there to be any ill feelings or bitterness between either of us. I finally asked if she would be open to having joining me in therapy, my therapist was open to the idea. When I sent that text I realized she had blocked me as it never said delivered. I feel really fucking awful about this. It really feels like a death. I never meant for our relationship to deteriorate like it has, and I never meant to cause any ill or come off as toxic. I was too stupid to not get help earlier when I should of. I’ve been having random crying fits, having a hard time eating, and a hard time sleeping despite having melatonin. I feel I also deserve to have all those issues for my part in the deterioration of our relationship. I want my sister back, and show her I can be a healthy version of me. I’m sorry this is long. I don’t even know if this is the right section to put this in. I have been dealing with suicidal thoughts, partly because of this situation, and I’m having so much trouble getting rid of those thoughts