I'm a 26-year-old virgin because of religious upbringing, abandoned by my father, never went to college because I devoted my life to my church, jealous of my more successful brother. I feel so lost. I feel like I have so much going against me.I'm sorry but my post might be all over the place. I grew up with an abusive father who used to beat me, but my father was always kind to my younger brother (3 years younger). When I turned 8 years old my father abandoned my family for another woman. My mother joined a church for emotional support and since then I was raised in a super religious upbringing.

This church turned out to be a cult. We had to distance from friends and family. They shamed people for having sex before marriage. They hammered the idea into out heads that planet earth was overrun by spiritual demons, they are in our rooms and everywhere, and we should avoid sin because we will go to hell. And they went really far to make us literally fear going hell every single moment. They would make us envision hell, make us watch documentaries of people that went to hell, show us paintings of hell. Taught us to fast (not eat) often as it would bring us closer to God. We weren’t allowed to watch movies, tv or cartoons/anime or listen to music (unless they were Christian), read non-christian books, comics, etc. Encourage parents/kids to not join school activities like sports, clubs, school dances because they have temptations of sins. The church also encourages us to not go to college because college is a place of sin and to devote our lives to the church after high school and get regular jobs.

Before I knew it my mom and myself became indoctrinated. I was already a loser in school growing up but now I was an even bigger loser because now I was the annoying Christian kid preaching to everyone. My brother didn’t buy the church stuff, he rebelled against my mother's teachings, and he ended up reconnecting with my dad and moving in with my dad. My dad didn’t want anything to do with me, he only wanted my brother. My dad said I'm the son he never wanted. My brother went on to become popular at his school, normal dating life, and eventually went to college.

After I graduated high school, I devoted my life to the church. I got a job at a factory and became a youth leader at my church. When I was 19 I started to become close friends with this girl at my church. Eventually, we started dating and we dated for 6 years. We never had sex, and barely kissed, the most we did was handhold or cuddle. When I was 25 years old I started to have doubts about my religion, and I ended up leaving my church, since then I am no longer religious, or agnostic-atheist. My GF at the time broke up with me for leaving the church, she eventually ended up marrying a guy. Around the same time, I lost my job at the factory and have been unemployed ever since.

Since then I had a hard time adjusting to a normal life. I never went to college or had a dream of my own because of the church. I never got to have friends, go to school dances, or date like a normal person, before church made me feel so ashamed of my sexuality. I was so scared of hell and demons, I even tried not to think dirty, I was supposed to even control my thoughts until marriage. I barely masturbated, I only masturbated a handful of times as a teen, and I haven’t masturbated again till I was 25 and I still feel guilty when I masturbate.

Now I’m a 26-year-old virgin, with daddy issues who never went to college, don’t have social skills, barely any money, and no friends at all. I barely have a personality of my own because for so many years I have lived for the church and my religion. With a bad personality like mine it’s already a set back in dating, and on top of that dating is already hard enough because I’m not attractive by society standards for males. I’m 5’5 with an unattractive face and I'm balding, I would have probably been 5’11 but the doctor told me fasting so often in my teen years stunted my growth and affected my facial bone development. I mean even my Ex-Gf said to me that she would have never been attracted to me if she wasn’t part of our church but that the churches teaching allowed her to see past my looks.

So these days, I get rejected a lot, both in-person and online dating for my personality, looks or height or social status or balding, and even the few times I got lucky and a few girls who were willing to give me a chance, the moment they found out I was a virgin they just assumed something was wrong with me and shamed me for being a virgin. I spend so many years being scared of sex I would not even know how to have sex with a girl.

I just feel like I have nothing to start with. I feel like I wasted my youth, wasted my time when I could have got a head start at college, never had a dream, never had a normal childhood. Now I struggle with being a 26-year-old virgin. Recently I even gained weight, I started eating emotionally because I'm avoiding drinking or using drugs and now I'm fat. I'm also dealing with health issues that make me feel testicular and groin pain and my knees hurt which makes me unable to walk for long, and doctors can't diagnose what's wrong with me. 

I just feel the hope keeps getting deeper. When I compare my life to my brother's life who’s the same age as me, I envy him. He’s 5’11, healthy, handsome, divorced parents but still has our dad in his life, was popular in school, played sports, went to school dances, always knew what he wanted to be, graduated and went to college, had a healthy sex/dating life, never had to deal with religion and had the freedom to find himself. My brother and my mom don’t understand my feelings, and my father doesn’t care about me. When I'm around my brother I feel so much envy and emasculated, I feel like I'm less of a man.

I feel I have everything going against me, and I lost so much of my youth and have nothing to start with, and feel romantically lonely and unattractive. I honestly feel like killing myself. I thought about selling all my stuff and donating all my money to a children's charity in my area and then killing myself. I'm not religious, but I sometimes hope I can be reborn into a different life. I just hope there isn't a hell because it would really suck that after all my earthly suffering now I have to burn for eternity just because I couldn't take it anymore.