This Reality is no Place for Sentient Beings......and such place may as well never exist. Sentience is a mistake: as a quality for an object, it is a flaw. And the reality we find ourselves in, the realm we call universe, allows sentience to exist. The cure for this terrible disease is not to end sentient life, or to end life, but to end the universe, in an essential and level. Sentience is a disease, it walks hand in hand with suffering, and their relationship is unavoidable, because life needs mechanisms to persevere, and so suffering becomes necessary for life, as a basic incentive. In the end, clicheish RPG villains that wants to erase all of existence, are right, they are doing what is best for life. Losing your life is the cheap price for absolutely ending your suffering, it is a fair and worth trade.&lt;br&gt;
I am new to Reddit, but I don&amp;apos;t feel new, I have lurked for quite a while on some subs. I wish my first post ever was some generic cute kitten pic, but here I am, hopefully leaving this nightmare. English is not my first language, so I hope I don&amp;apos;t make many mistakes and can be at least a little bit understandable. I am a twenty something male, living in a &amp;quot;third world&amp;quot; country. I am a simple man, I see a suicide meme and I like it.&lt;br&gt;
I like art, like drawing and writing. Man, art don&amp;apos;t pay your bills. I like entertainment,&amp;nbsp; like games, music and movies.&lt;br&gt;
Early September this year, 2019, I started going through crisis of suicide ideation, started planning my suicide, and feeling occasional emotional unstability, oh and did I mention suicide ideation? I am going to a psychologist weekly. Specialization in systemic theory, whatever that means. My psychiatrist prescribed venlafaxine, it works, it makes my crisis less intense. It also brings somnolence, and lightheadedness, specially when I forget to take it, skip one day, then take it the next day.&lt;br&gt;
There are three things I cannot take anymore, the first is: being unemployed. I have looked for a job during years, never to get any success. Sending resumes, doing internships, doing interviews, I have seen it all. If I am competing even if with just one person, I am never the chosen one. I want to set the interviewers on fire sometimes. I am close from getting a degree, that will dusty in a drawer.&lt;br&gt;
Second: being single. Never knowing what is it like to be in a relationship. The distance between being in one or two short term relationship and deciding it is better to be single, and wanting to experience what it is like to have company while never being actually able to experience it first hand, is colossal. Even implying that people are supposed to live happy single, or learn to be alone, is offensive.&lt;br&gt;
Third: not being able to communicate. Being too late. Never learning how to make or keep friends, and only getting friends early in my life out of luck. Being a passive watcher of my history, enprisioned in life. Beholding my colleagues achieve success early, so early, getting so easily what I have wished more in my life, treating their own success as if it is nothing special, and abandoning me to live their great happy life.&lt;br&gt;
I know, I know, there is cancer, and children starving in the african continent. Knowing there are people in a worse situation does not make me feel grateful for what I have, I am unable to see it as a reason for gratefulness, if anything, it makes want to murder the gods, to punish and hurt them if they even dare existing. There are two important events for me next month: a colleague&amp;apos;s wedding and a chance to visit a childhood friend I don&amp;apos;t see in years. I am afraid I may just not be around by then, and end up dead in the next few days or weeks, otherwise, maybe I will keep all of you updated.