I wad doing fine, until my boss called me out in front of the whole teamI have been in trauma since my parents got divorced 7yrs ago (2010). I was 16 at that time. It happened all of a sudden, there were absolutely zero signs of broken marriage. They were hiding it well, but it exploded into my face.
Long story short. It was my father's fault. He left me, my mum and my sister for another woman he's no longer with. I argued with him all the time because of what he did, but I he was still interested in his kids and I didn't want to stop seeing him. A boy needs a father, after all. 
During one of our argument (about 4-5yrs ago) he called me 'weak', 'not worthy of being a man' and 'weak' (remember the last one). He was being serious, but I forgave him. Nevertheless it stuck with me.
Fast forward to 2015. I study at college, I have the best job in marketing, but I am not enjoying myself. I am sad, depressed, vulnerable. At the beginning of 2016 I wrote my suicide note. Yeah, it got that bad. When I finished writing it I realized the only thing between life and death is the thin piece of paper with my goodbyes on it. I was terrified. And I decided to give living one last shot. I started going to therapy and things got a little better. Doing sports and avoiding marijuana has been helping a lot too.
But I am falling back to it again. This is why. I work with a great team, but the company boss is a boor, a grub if you want. Smart - but hard to deal with. He shouts a lot and he uses expressive language. I have been feeling down lately, but not depressed. This is why my results at work suffered, but I had some great results before. So I figured I'd take my work a little more easier than usual and I stopped worrying about my results. I would eventually got better mentally and then professionally. I knew it, but he stepped in and called me out in an e-mail to my team saying I was smirking and wearing big hat, but had no cattle. I replied that I wasn't feeling motivated lately and suggested his tone of voice might have something to do with it. This was his reply (I replaced my name with name Greg):
"Poor little Greg is demotivated by what are supposed to be half hour meetings (and aren't as you don't come prepared).
Poor little Greg can't be bothered to contribute anything interesting to the meetings.
My tone won't change. Spoiled little men without experience, with minimal curiousity and no generosity don't interest me.
Give something to the world if you want to get something back.
Our meeting are not going to stop and you will be on the carpet every week for actually having done something"
I was not suggesting the meetings should stop, all I sad was that I was not motivated by them. It reminded me of my father calling me weak and I feel the thinness of the paper I've been walking on since 2016 again. I am afraid to go back to work.

Does anyone have similar experience? How do you deal with this?