I don't know what to do: Husband took off with all our money.This will likely be a bit long, so apologies in advance: 

In December, my husband left me. He cleared out all our accounts and left me with nothing. Savings, retirement accounts, checking - all gone. He has skipped off to parts unknown, not a trace to be found.

Now, at the age of 40, I have to start over with nothing. And, I don't think I can do it. I have a job that pays decently. There's the possibility of a small pension once you reached the age of 67. But the idea of being in one job for that long just so I can have a semblance of retirement makes me feel hopeless. Just getting through the day at work is a struggle.

I live in a rent stabilized apartment in NYC that I am scared I will lose when I retire because I now have nothing. I will, with only a few decades left until I retire, will have to start saving all over again. And, there is no way to make up in that time for what has been lost. I go to websites about retirement and they all basically say, you're fucked if you don't have substantial savings or retirement funds by 40.

So, now, I can no longer sleep. All I think about is being alone and homeless when I'm old because I won't be able to afford to stay in my apartment. The thoughts just spiral so sleep never comes. If not for coffee, I wouldn't be functional.

My parents are sympathetic but they have their own retirement to worry about. My friends have made overtures of sympathy but have distanced themselves from me since I seem to devolve into tears at the drop of a hat.

All I think about is being alone and homeless and old. No friends, my parents gone. This thinking is driving me mad and I don't think I can put up with it too much longer.

I regularly think about being dead but, so far, have not been able to cross the line from thinking about it into concrete planning. I am so miserable and wish I had the ability to make that leap (literally and figuratively).  

All I see is the happiness and success of those around me and it's like a knife in my heart. That was me once and now look at where I am. 

I really don't know what I'm trying to accomplish with this post but, if you got this far, thanks for reading. And, perhaps, caring for a moment.  