I want to die so much but i'm a cowardI'm too afraid. I keep looking at my space heater and thinking of throwing it in the tub with me but i can't because i am a coward.

I am a waste of space. I am 30 years old and I have no career at all. I'm a loser. My job is to hang out with a guy because he has a disability. I moved to try and be a performer when i graduated college and it has turned into nothing after almost 7 years because i am not good enough and i never will be good enough at anything. i am a piece of shit i have no money, no career and no life. My girlfriend only loves me because she is young and inexperienced and doesn't know what love is and she is desperate. I know it. She's clingy and she's the only thing I could ever get. I have been in the hospital after suicide attempts in the past and i always fool myself that it will get better and i won't feel this way anymore but i always will and i will never be anything important or special or worthy because i am weak, disgusting, and worthless. I have nothing to offer and the world would be better if i had just killed myself one of the first few times i tried. I always fail at even that because i am such a worthless piece of shit i can't even kill myself properly.

Please i am begging you please murder me i fantasize about it all the time i will never be anybody important i am a  complete loser i hate myself so much please i will do anything please murder me when i don't expect it please god please i hate living i hate how this feels please i living hurts so much i am begging somebody to please murder me please. I can't do it myself because i am a coward i am a loser please shoot me please end me please i don't have anything to offer i am a piece of shit i am a complete piece of shit with nothing to offer i will never be important or worthy or good i will never have anything because i do not deserve it please i deserve to die please kill me i am begging somebody please i can't take this anymore i can't take it nobody will listen i can't say it out loud please my life please i will never be okay ever again i will always come back here i will always be sad i will always be a loser i will always be disgusting i will always be unworthy i will always be a coward i will never have anything good i am weak and disgusting please i am begging somebody to kill me please