Going to be alone again.Not that I really had anyone before. I can feel it ending between us.

Seemed like he never loved me to begin with. I was just a way to pass time.

Everything I do makes him annoyed or mad. He wishes I was someone else.. wishes I was different.
Why would he string me along like this

Why would you do this to someone who has tried so hard for so long to win you over.

I guess it's my fault for trying so hard. Deep down I know I shouldn't have to try so hard to get someone to love me, or at least just consider me. 

I love him but it hurts too much. I can't comprehend why he hardly cares when he hurts my feelings. When I did something out of pure confusion and nothing else, he was hurt by it. I beat myself up about it and cut myself twice within a week because I felt so terrible. He only apologizes when I ask.

I feel so taken advantage of and he doesn't even care. He thinks I'm asking too much when I ask for loyalty. It's been 3 years. 

Im tired. This whole time I just wanted him to love me back. Why have I never been good enough? Why does he not care. He told me for probably the fifth time that he doesn't give a fuck about what I have to say. He's said before "I hardly listen to anything you have to say anyways".

He ruins what little confidence I have. He makes me feel unwanted. He makes me feel not good enough. For so long I've been wanting to kill myself because I don't believe anyone will ever love me.. he makes me believe that even more. 

We'll part ways and he'll find someone better than me and he'll actually treat her well. I don't believe I will ever find happiness. My whole life people have stepped all over me and used me and hurt me for no other reason other than they simply could. I don't get it. I want to understand. why me? Out of everyone? I try so hard to be good so that life will treat me well. 

I'm so scared of everything and in constant pain. I don't know what to do anymore. Nothing seems worth it. I don't bring any good to the world because no one bothers to see it. I want to gather the courage to do it. Ive talked about it for years but how much longer can I wait.

Happiness is a choice but I don't know how to pick it when sadness is all I'm used to.

Maybe then people would understand what they did wrong. Maybe then people would understand they can't hurt people without repurcussions. 

I just want to be loved. Please, please, please. Before I off myself. I just need some hope that I can attain that. Cause right now it seems impossible. I can't comprehend affection or love in general. I want to know it's possible and that it will happen. But who can love such a fucking wreck. Who can love someone who had never been loved before. 

I want someone to hug me and tell me it's going to be ok. I've never had that. Ever since I was little, when I'd cry byself in my room every day after whatever my dad decided to do to me that day, I'd wish that I had someone there with me to hold me and say I'm ok. Why haven't I ever gotten that. Why don't I deserve that? Everyone else gets it. What's so terrible about me that I can't have that.

I just want love. I wish it were as simple as asking for it. My hope is dying. 