Everyone is better off without me.I'm at my wits end. I honestly believe I have some form of bipolar disorder or something is wrong inside my head. I get mad and i get mean and i cant turn it off sometimes and i hate myself. I know my husband is fed up. Ive been with him for 5 years and honestly his dog is on my last nerve. His dog is older (11) and ive been in this dofs life for 5 years but because I didnt help raise him he doesnt listen to me. I get frustrated when no one listens because I feel like my parents always brushed me aside and never listened to me. When the dog doesn't listen I get a bit pissy and my voice gets snappy. Well the dog ran on me at 1am the other day when I took him out and when I lunged for his collar he rounded on me and his teeth scraped mt wrist up really good. I called my husband while he was at work (he's military so he works long and weird hours) crying and shaking because my wrist was throbbing and bleeding a bit from where he actually broke skin. My husband asked what I did this time? I broke down and told him "I'm tired of being 2nd to your dog! I'm sick of always being to blame because of my emotions. I hate your dog!" This obviously made him upset and i instantly felt like the worlds shittiest wife and pet mom. I don't hate dogs. I've been raised around dogs my whole life and love them. Admittedly I am more of a crazy cat lady but I love dogs. I'm just frustrated and now my depression is even higher because my husband won't talk to me or respond to my texts. (I dont blame him).

Last week I truly broke and walked out to my husband holding his gun to my head and told him he's better off without me. He lunged for me and knocked the gun out of my hands and held me. He's hidden both guns since then and I'm afraid of myself. I want to hurt myself to take shut my head up. I hate myself, I hate my life, I hate/love this dog, I feel like my husband is getting sick of me and i just dont know what to do anymore. I feel like im going to hell or whatever bad afterlife there is because I hate this dog and i verbally lash out at this dog and lose my temper. Am I bipolar? Am I a bad person? I don't know anymore. After I have an "episode" I start sobbing and i hug this dog and blubber out an apology and then the cycle repeats itself. Idk why and i just...fuck Idk.