So tiredI posted that Doug Stanhope quote. I think about it a lot.   


I am over 49. I have PTSD and clinical depression. I worked for over 35 years but the work was physical and hard on my body. I can't move right anymore, and I am struggling with the effects of injuries. Currently, I am on a disability pension. And 90% of it goes to my rent. Which means most months I go hungry. My one luxury is my internet access. 

My mother died four months ago. She had a massive stroke and lingered for 18 days. Because of COVID-19 I couldn't be at her bedside when she passed. My father committed suicide twelve and a half years ago. I have one brother, and he is pretty much invisible in my life. I called him the other day to ask if I could borrow a few dollars for groceries, and he ignored me. We grew up together being badly abused and damaged by our parents. It never got better between us.

I have been married twice and divorced twice. The first one was a sort of crazy marriage that just happened. The second was the love of my life. And I tried. I tried so so so hard. But my mental illness and fear and brokenness made it impossible for her to stay. That was four years ago and I still miss her every single day. She broke my heart and I can't even blame her.

All I have in this world is a tiny studio apartment. And it's ridiculously small. 

The only thing I stay alive for is my daughter. She turns 13 in a week and a half and is the one bright light in my life. She is so good and so sweet and kind. It tortures me to think of how sad she would be if I went away. But even she will be something I lose soon. I can't expect her to share a tiny apartment during visits, she already has to sleep on a camp cot next to me. I have looked for help but it just isn't there. Sadly the world sees fathers as always capable and self-sufficent. And if I can't do better it is my fault. 

The only other thing I got is a cat I rescued. He's great. He is called Joe. He helps.  


So yeah. I have sat through half the movie and it has sucked. It has sucked so much. And I guess I take comfort in knowing someone else understands that. That someone can even put into words how I feel. I know my time is coming to a close. I got nothing left in the tank. And every day I ask myself is it fair to force myself to live on for someone else when I can't bear living... And every day the answer is getting closer to no. You can't fault me. And anyone who knows me, I doubt they would either. I am alone, hungry, sad, heartbroken and sick. What the fuck else could anyone ask me to add to that?

Sorry for the length. I just needed to explain. And say this out loud. I am so sick of the cliché responses and quotes on pictures of beaches. It insults people who suffer with these thoughts and treats us like we are dumb and just needed to visit the right inspirational quote website to fix everything.