A good way to try to commit suicide without actually dying?I know this sounds completely stupid, please don't hate me for it. Yes, I am trying to get someones attention. No, it's not a boyfriend or anything like that. I have a reason, a good one, I believe. 

See, my grandmother died recently. And my dad, he's... I think he's narcissistic and he's come to hating us (my sister and I) and he's about to kick us out of his house. 

It's a really long story, but when I was eleven, my mom kind of abandoned us. She had lots of mental problems and no one care to help her, so my dad brought us to live with him, supposedly. She ended living with my grandma for a while. Then we ended up living alone (a 19 year old and me, a 10 y.o). When he came back from China (from work), he lived with us for a while, too. That was until he met his now new wife (who's almost the same age as my sister). They had a baby together and my dad started to forget about us... Then I went through puberty and adolescense (is that the right word? Sorry! I'm actually mexican) and all then depression... I feel like I stopped being like a puppy for him so I wasn't cute and happy anymore and he didn't like that so he toss me out. He had this back-up child anyways. My sister practically raised me, she got to deal with lots of shit from me. 

Anyway, lots of problems happened and right now, I haven't talk to him in a while. We leave in his house but any time he comes he just ignore us. We do it, too. But the big BIG problem is here. The only person that kept us from having a house and not being homeless was my grandmother and now she's gone. Right now there's this huge fight because he spent a lot of money for her funeral and he and my grandmother's husband are reclaiming all her stuff just because "he paid for all of it". And you see, he might've bought a few things, but all the other things are not his at all. My grandma always said that all of her stuff were my sister's. Not just because she was the favorite but because she did EVERY FUCKING THING. She raised me, she took care of the things my dad wanted when he wasn't here (like payments), she was in charge of the money, she took care of my grandmother and all her legal stuff, when my grandma became real sick, she called everyone. She talked to the doctors, she called the ambulances, she called HIM when she died. She filled the death certificate. 

What my sister wanted was to sell her things to buy her a nice tombstone but now my dad's being a total asshole and said he's going to everything away. Just because. 

The problem to us is that, his wife in the funeral told our aunt that that house (the one we live in) is my dad's and after the death of my grandma, his over with supporting us and now she can kick us out whenever she wants. She even said really nasty things about my sister and me. And you see, they do have money. They spent it on trips and expensive stuff while I'm her, dealing with my fibromyalgia pains because I don't have a medical endurance and also worrying about if I'll even get to go the university because might not want to pay for it. And it's sad. It's sad that he's come to hate us that much. Come to forget about us if he said he'll do that. That we where all for him. It's sad seeing how he's a father to her son's wife but not us. How he doesn't care if a suffer from chronic pain or if he doesn't even say hi on our birthdays.

 And you now, I am aware his a total asshole and he deserves nothing so, I want to punish him, making feel guilty and maybe try to open his eyes. He probably won't care if I try to kill myself but I just wanna see. Sounds totally crazy, I'm aware of that. I'm just trying to maybe fix something here, our house thing. I don't want us to be homeless and this might be the only way to get his attention. Maybe he'll have some of compassion on us. 

So please, please, tell me if theres any way to do it without getting seriously hurt. 
I sware I don't wanna die. I'm just trying to do something for the first time. 