I can't handle it.I have tried, tried, tried, tried, tried to accomplish what my parents have. I know I shouldn't place so much energy into finding a partner but the clock is ticking and everyone else in my family has had a kid and a family by the age of 18.

It started out with me being angry. I'm always either angry or depressed. And then I get a partner and I am happy. Truly happy. A lot of people don't understand happiness. They get addicted to things that feel good and they think that is happiness. What i experience when I take care of a partner... I can't even begin to describe the waterfall of comfort and sunlight rushing over me. Like I'm needed. Like my life has purpose. Like I'm doing something right. And I try my hardest. Some jackass on here referred my to r/niceguys because I've been so coiled up in my own anger I've just been letting it out slowly in bits of sordid degrading commentary on pornographic subreddits. But now comes the sickness I feel after my rage. I feel like I'm nothing. Like I'll never be anything. A lot of people read or listen to my problems and take it in one way without even considering my feelings. Nobody considers my feelings. Ever. I've been depressed for years and nobody fucking cares.

And I'm going to tell you why because nobody cares and maybe this will help me clear my mind so I don't shoot myself. I have severe abandonment issues and severe mommy issues because when I was barely s toddler, the woman who gave birth to me wasn't ready or fit to be a mother. She was still too young and would neglect me in favor of parties and her friends. My dad was this way as well until he suddenly had an awakening when he saw me after a house party. So he took me away from her. Married the woman who raised me and that was that.

Except not quite. I can count on one hand the amount of times I've been hugged or shown displays of physical affection from this woman. And yeah yeah laugh all you want about how I wasn't fucking hugged enough as a child, but that did something to me. I have several memories of her pushing me off of her when I try to hug her when I was small and she'd sneer at me and say something with a negative connotation. I was a child. I wasn't hearing her words. I was hearing the tone of her voice. And it was not a good tone. So I'd often wonder what I did wrong to not deserve a hug. Oh but she was always so affectionate and lovey with the dog. She'd kiss him and hug him and pet him for hours.

Can you imagine what it's like to be jealous of a dog for getting attention you felt you deserved as a child? Can you? I was always on my best behavior in an effort to get her to notice me and hug me or let me like she'd pet him. And she never did. It's too late now. I'm 21 now and it's good and too late for that shit. Now I'm afraid of physical contact except for sex. I learned at a young age that sex feels very good and it's a suitable replacement for attention I wasn't getting from my mother or my constantly busy at work father.

So I got good at sex. I briefly got in trouble with the law for that but sex was and is somewhat my main focus in life now... Until I met my ex. She was the first one to actually display an interest IN ME rather than my looks or my cock. And it was likely because we met online in a video game which is why. We'd talk for hours in end while killing aliens together and we grew to be very close eventually blossoming into a relationship that lasted for three beautiful years. She loved far away so we rarely got to visit but when we did we made the most out of it. We told eachother things we've never told anyone before including our problems with our mothers.

I've never told anyone something like this before her. And she held me. And I just burst into tears. I was 16 and she was 15 and I had never been held like that before. She held me close. So close I could feel her heart beating. I shook and I snotted all over her shirt and it didn't even matter to her. She held me and told me she understood. She held me and told me it was okay that she would be there to hold me always.

Always she said. And she kept saying always all the way up until a month before she broke up with me in 2018. I don't know why she did it. I really don't. I took care of her sexually even when we weren't together I took care of her and made sure she orgasmed every day. I would talk to her and try my best to make her smile everyday because a part of me associated her with a mommy sort of figure and it felt good when I made her laugh or smile. It was all so sudden when she told me she doesn't love me anymore. That she loved.me.more.loke.a. Friend then a partner. But friends don't do what we did. Not to mention the fact that it was three years that we were more than friends. And she told me always pretty much 12 times a week and... God my heart broke. I could feel it. Like cold, ice cold cracks splitting across my heart. I really felt it. And after that I was changed. That's when the rage started happening. That's when I would start blacking out from anger and getting sexual head aches and all sorts of awful things until I got another partner.

And everything was wonderful again. I took care of her the same way I took care of my ex, BETTER even because if I do even better now then she will stay with me always. Right? I do good and I get to keep her for always. Right?

Wrong. This girl also said she'd be with me forever and then approximately six months later she abandoned me also with no explanation as to why. Same with the next girl. And the next. And the next. It wasn't until Milicent that I had found a quality partner..and god damn it Mili is the best partner I've ever had. And the only one where our split was mutually beneficial and we could pick it back up later on when we're both less busy and could actually have time for eachother.

I know I can trust her to not go with anyone else or leave me because she is like me but... She was abused worse and differently when she was a child. So she understood how I thought and actually listened when I talked. Anyways we both agreed it would be best if we didn't talk while I completed college and she started college and do we haven't really. Not for almost a year.

Anyways that's not why I wanted to shoot myself in the brain stem earlier. Why I wanted to kill myself earlier is that my current partner has been ignoring me for about a week now. And I honestly really liked her a lot. She was a very sad girl and I made her happy. And god it feels so good to be needed. To bring light into someone's life it felt lovely. She has been abused and so us as abused children got along together fabulously. She gave me free reign of her body, mind, and soul, and I improved her health and her mind set until her mother started being just a grade A bitch and ruining everything. So then I also said something to her instead of being supportive when I should have been and now she won't talk to me.

It sounds trivial. And it probably is. But to me it's the worst feeling in the world. If you couldn't guess it i only really do D/s relationships and well... I feel like a failure. I didn't make her happy enough and she is now not talking to me. She was the third person I've talked to about my troubles because I felt like she could understand. And she did. Which is why it hurts doubly that she's ignoring me. And when I get hurt or feel any emotions really it translates into rage. I was so broken after my first heart break and it lasted so long. I would shake for hours and just collapse. I'd be fine one minute and then literally on the ground unable to move my legs or breathe. I was drowning on dry land. That's what it felt like. And so to cope with my sadness and to prevent me from dying, my body has somehow learned to translate most emotions into anger. A Wrath so pure and unbridled my whole body went cold and my vision went black. That also had a sort of affect on me I think. The combination of my heart breaking so many times over, and me being lied to and mistreated and relying on my anger so much it just...

I don't even feel human. I don't feel. Except for now. I feel like it's getting hard to breathe. And I feel like a failure. And I feel like nothing I do will ever work out. No matter how hard I try, no matter how much time, attention, and devotion I give to my partners, who are also my surrogate mommy's, no matter what I will always fail. I will never be enough. I'm not ever good enough. And so I really considered ending myself earlier before I started writing this. I was going to go into the garage, get the old russian officer pistol my dad bought online that I know for sure works, put it up against my brain stem and pull the trigger. 

I'm sick of females lying to me. I don't lie to them. And I treat every single partner I've ever had like they're going to be my last partner because that's what I want. I date for marriage because if you don't date for marriage you date for heart break. I try so hard to please them to soothe my issues. I try so hard to keep them with me because it makes me happy making them happy. And I always end up failing. And so I get vengeful..and then I sink wallowing in my own wretchedness until I just want to die.

This is the first time I actually considered it though. I had the suicide hotline pulled up on Google because I know I shouldn't kill myself. But that's the closest I have ever been to just ending things. If I was dead I wouldn't have to worry about living on my own. I wouldn't have to worry about money or supplies or maintaining an image and s life style.

If I was dead my.mommy issues wouldn't hurt me so. If I was dead then women couldn't bother me. If I was dead.people.eoildmt make fun of me anymore or say mean things to me. I'm just done with everything right now. I haven't killed myself. And I know there's probably at least three people typing in the comments how pathetic I am. Maybe I am pathetic. But right now I almost died. Because another human being lied to me. sltof them always lie to me or use m