Why can’t we just finally want some peace?I guess this is the most appropriate place to post this. Not really looking for support or encouragement just wanted to express myself...
Last Thursday I lost my daughter at 18 weeks pregnant. I did everything in my power to save her. To safely bring her into this world this upcoming May but life has never been kind to me. This was my fifth miscarriage. Doctors didn’t want to help me save her they were just worried about my “life”. She was the last part of my husband I had left. She was wanted and very much loved. She was my third and last chance of wanting to stay on this miserable plane of existence. My husband was murdered 82 days ago. Shot and dumped like trash in a known dumping area in his hometown. He was missing four days with no help from the police when we found his body less than 3 blocks away from his mother’s house. Because police and the media only care when women, children and the elderly go missing. Eight months earlier we lost our son when I was 17 weeks pregnant. Almost same exact way I lost our daughter, negligence by a doctor who refused to perform a cerclage before my cervix was incapable of holding a baby on its own. After they told me my daughter had no heartbeat last Thursday afternoon I just stopped talking to everyone. I delivered her Friday morning. They involuntarily admitted me to their fancy mental health center Saturday morning. Because a long with the muteness and asshole psychiatrist put in my chart the I was going to kill myself if I lost her which I never said at all and my mother attested to this because she was by my side the entire time and when they had sent both psychiatrist in I had already stopped speaking. Nevertheless I was released Tuesday morning because I “played nice”. 
All three losses of my story are very my deeper and detailed than this but it’s all rather too quite long and heartbreaking to type. 

Ever since I can remember I had this feeling inside that I was not meant to be here. Every night when I was a child and I learned how to pray I would ask God to take me in my sleep or take me in a chariot like he took Elijah and then I would say the “Now I lay me down to sleep I pray the Lord my soul to keep.  🙄 if I should die before I wake, I pray the Lord my soul to take.”
As you can imagine at this age I didn’t know why I felt this way I just did and then I saw the green mile for the first time and Michael Clark Duncan’s character finally explained what I was feeling. What everyday of my life before and after I heard those words has felt like for me. 
“Because I want it over and done. I do. I'm tired, boss. Tired of bein' on the road, lonely as a sparrow in the rain. Tired of not ever having me a buddy to be with, or tell me where we's coming from or going to, or why. Mostly I'm tired of people being ugly to each other. I'm tired of all the pain I feel and hear in the world everyday. There's too much of it. It's like pieces of glass in my head all the time. Can you understand?”

I felt this way before I was molested by my God-brother around that same age. Continued to feel it everyday. End of my freshman year of high school my friend died by trying to hop over a moving train and slipped. Classmates bullied me a few days after his funeral and I tried to commit suicide for the very first time. 
At 18 I was having consensual sex that turned into a vile rape. 
Still feeling the pressure from the glass but I carried on. For my very loving family, friends and people I knew who cared about me. 
Then I met my second husband. My best friend, my apocalypse companion. When we first met and I was planning on leaving this world for good; he was the reason I decided to stay. 
Our marriage wasn’t sunshine and rainbows. We loved each other passionately and unconditionally but we had our sometimes unbearable flaws. We we’re living for each other. We both felt the same about life and didn’t want to continue to press on if one of us was to leave this earth without the other. Which made 2019 extremely difficult because my husband new he was going to die. He didn’t know how or when but he knew that he would be taken unwillingly. And I believed him. It got to a point where he welcomed it. He tried his best to prepare me. So getting and staying pregnant was a high priority for me after the loss of our son because I wanted a piece of him, of us to live on. And it happened. I was pregnant. We we’re in shock. Happy and terrified but we wanted her. He wanted her. He knew she was going to be a she; she looked just like him. 
He tried his best to stay for us. Then someone stole him from us when I was 8 weeks pregnant.
His homicide is still an open investigation.

These past 3 months were the worst pain I ever been through my entire life. I tried to keep her safe. Some days I didn’t want to wake up. Weekly OB and sessions with my therapist. 
I FUCKING DID MY BEST.
But my best has never been good enough. 

So now. I’ve accepted that there’s nothing left for me here. There’s nothing more that I want or need to do or fulfill. I don’t want to heal and find MORE purpose. I don’t want to love again. I don’t want to try for the sixth time to be someone else’s mother. I don’t want anything anymore. It’s not depression or anxiety at this point anymore. It’s a choice that I’m sane enough to make. It should be my right that I shouldn’t be ashamed to have. None of us have the choice of whether we want to be born. Where when and who we want to be born to. We should have the right to say I’m ready to be at peace. A lot of people think it’s selfish and cowardly. But it’s the most selfless thing a person can do for themselves is to let go and accept. We’re all going to die anyway. I think people forget that. That we’re all going to die. And I rather take my own life than someone or something taking it.
This isn’t something that I just woke up or irrationally decided to do either. This has been my escape plan.
Heaven, hell, limbo, reincarnation, or nothing at all is better than being here with you all. Nothing here will “get better”. Humans have been ruining this planet and each other since whatever you have decided to  believe in. 
And I’m done. And I’m ok with that. And you should be too. Not that it actually matters.

Disclaimer: Don’t let my let my choice be your choice. Find your own peace. 
I also don’t plan on leaving right away. I still have priorities and responsibilities I don’t want to leave on my loved ones. And a part of me really wants to know who killed my husband. But when it’s my time to leave I hope you all wish me peace ☮️