I have NOBODYI have literally nobody in my life that currently gives two shits about me, but I know the second I would kill myself, everyone would be all “omg we loved you so much omg why did you do this to us 🥺🥺🥺” 
My mom, who has always been very openly disappointed in me and the fact that I am not the daughter she always dreamed of having, now has the dream daughter she always dreamed of now that my younger sister is 16, loves makeup and clothes and girly things, and is flawlessly beautiful and good at everything with a boyfriend and dozens of friends. Exactly what my mom wanted from me but never got because I’m ugly, have no friends, have never been in a relationship with anyone, etc. You’d think I would be the one upset over that, but I accepted it and she’s the one who’s always complained about me “dressing ugly” and not wearing makeup (when, again, I didn’t care and none of my peers cared how I dressed or what I put on my face). Due to her now having the daughter she always dreamed of and not having to settle for me, she has been increasingly treating me like absolute shit the past couple of months. Like... for example, despite my sister being on her phone easily 5x more than I am, the other day my mom yelled at me and made up some bullshit lies about how, because I got frustrated that my phone gave out on me a couple days ago and deleted a bunch of shit, I’m addicted to my phone and essentially need mental help for that (whole time I’m thinking “what I ACTUALLY need is help for my depression but you insist I’m lying about having depression, then have the gall to tell me I need to come to you with my problems”...) I told her to stop twisting shit and making up lies about me, and she has now been giving me the silent treatment for about three days. This includes her making dinner for everyone else in the family and purposefully not including me. That’s fine. Whatever. I’ve known for years how little value my life holds and she has done nothing but affirm that for the entirety of my adolescent years. What bothers me is that if I were to actually kill myself like I want to, this bitch would turn around and make it all about her and act like she’s a victim. I know she would do this bc she did the same thing when her own mother died. They barely had a relationship, yet she made herself THE focal point of that woman’s death. It was disgusting. I am fully ready at this very moment to kms and would love nothing more than to do it tonight, but I don’t want anyone, especially that bitch, to pretend to care.