I don't have a life, I want to give upI'm 19 year old guy, 20 in may.

I wake up and get on my computer to play League of Legends just to tilt out of my mind because I'm trash. I can't stop playing, it's not an option. I just waste away in front of my computer screen. It's honestly not even what I want to do, I just don't know how to do anything else I guess?

I used to not even care that I was wasting my life away until I stopped taking my medication, it's nice to finally feel something again, even if it is just pure misery.

I don't know how to drive, I have my permit but I don't have the will to go out and learn with one of my parents. I mean where would I even go, back and forth to a job everyday, just to come home and be as depressed and lonely as I am now?

I'll get some motivation every now and then to get my shit together, but that's quickly washed away with thoughts of how ugly and stupid I am. I'll think about the last time I brushed my yellow stained teeth, how many cavities I most likely have, my chipped tooth and yeah I should probably get my wisdom teeth taken out too.

I have no one to relate too, I'm the complete opposite of anybody in my family. None of them share the same views as me or have the same interests, none of them are like me. I'm the odd one out. I want to get away, I don't want to be here, none of them think I can do it though and they're right. They didn't think I could when I had the motivation to and attempted to do something! Now they just complain that I don't do anything. I'm a child to them!

I'M SURROUNDED BY MY FAMILY BUT I'M SO FUCKING LONELY I NEED SOMEONE. Wait, I don't think I've ever actually been genuinely happy outside small "life events." Why should I fucking continue, I'm not normal, I've never been emotionally stable, somethings wrong with me I can feel it. WAIT NO DON'T SHOW THAT, or it's straight back to the medication! I can't get help from anyone in my family, my mom can't handle it. What are the benefits to continuing, I'm worthless.