[Life Story] My Pathetic LifeI'm 18 (Since March)
Never had a girlfriend. Only two showed interest in my life.

 
My life has been shitty. I got molested at age 10. Watched my dad beat my mom when I was little. 2010-2013 Jr High was hell for me. I was bullied for my weight, I lost interest in girls because they would insult me over my appearance. Skipped school a lot due to this and flunked 7th grade. A family friend died from a gunshot to the head in 2012. Also in 2012, CPS takes me and my sisters away and a few close cousins in error (Long story short, Grandpa molested my cousin) so I was stuck in a group home for a few weeks. I didn't get to see my sisters or family. I cried myself to sleep every night in the group home. In 2012 my dear grandma whom I loved very much passes away in front of us in the hospital after they disconnected her from life support due to liver failure. Same year uncle passes away from brain cancer. I find myself scared of death and questioning god just leading to more depression and anxiety. I wanted these feelings to be suppressed. I started doing drugs. First with marijuana and then prescription because they were easier to obtain and hide.


In 2013 My sister and I caught my mom cheating on my dad and my
parents separated for a while; older sister stayed with my dad meanwhile me and younger sister stayed with our mom. We lost the house too. My mom tried to kill herself and I had to call 911 one time. Parents reconciled soon after and now we're living in 1 bedroom apartment struggling financially. I never went to the 9th grade because I couldn't afford all my necessary school supplies. So I decided to try Primavera Online School which just ended being a total catastrophe. A major bug in their system never logged in my school work and wanted me to redo everything from a month's lessons. So I basically dropped out of High School. Then my older sister dropped out.... mom blames me but my mother just did not want to wake up to take her to school herself. At this point in time I was just done with life. I started to lose weight slowly because I would not want to eat due to the anxiety attacks I would always have.


2014 comes and we get a puppy. It might have been the most happiest I have felt in a while. I never had a pet of any sort in my life. Well that puppy dies when I decided to sleep with it next to me and I rolled over it. My fatass smothered it and I'm a heavy sleeper. No pun intended. I blamed myself for the grief I have caused my family and the painful death of that poor puppy. I went into a state of depression that I have never felt before. I was just done and decided to turn off my emotions and say fuck it, shit happens. I think that same year I got into a physical argument with my dad (He swung first) and went to go live with my other grandma for a bit. I have done drugs very heavily from there where I couldn't leave the house without a percocet to function.
That same year a girl from Jr High I went to school with is murdered. another family friend died that same year. I didn't care anymore. I am just numb to everything at this point. Insults, appearances, being lonely, people dying, or even myself. Even my mom at this point started to change and call me names and insult and degrade me calling me gay, and fat, etc. My older sister followed soon after.


2015 comes and goes without incident. January 5th my great grandpa dies and we see him pass away too. I did not shed a tear. I just said in my mind "farewell old man" and left the room. Yes I did love him and I do miss him but what can I do? Besides he was suffering from his COPD and was in pain for years. I tried to kill myself by taking 18 butalbital but somehow those fuckers did not destroy my liver lol.


Now I don't take percocet anymore. But my state of mind is very stale. I feel like I am numb to everything. I felt like I never had a childhood. I never got to experienced high school where I think I would have had a better chance at getting a girlfriend. I do want a girlfriend but I don't trust girls. Everyone is with someone now so my chances are slim. I can talk to girls now, But I'm bored when I do talk to them. I am trying to find a job but who would hire a damn 18 year old drop out with social anxiety?I am very nervous to get one as I am afraid I might screw up. GED classes cost $120 a month here. I can't afford that. I weigh as much as a pencil now and I barely eat. I just watch movies I pirated and listen to music. Got diagnosed with Hashimoto's Disease and have other health issues. My mom might have cancer of the pituitary gland. I just recently noticed a lump in my right testicle that I am afraid of getting it checked out and have to live with the pain in my back and groin area. And barely sleep. I mean it's 6:49am now I stayed up all night haha


I am just thinking of ending my lonely pathetic life. I am not afraid of death but how death might feel. I'm numb to death. If I don't have emotions then I am not human in the eyes of others and am subjected to more misery and solitude in my life, social anxiety and awkwardness;More death of family and friends and more insults from my mom and sister. Really I'm laughing right now because I am pathetic. I just might take some people I fucking hate down with me as well. I dunno. I am just sick in the head now. I am done. 



Edit: I typed this in word and now the formatting is fucked up, oh great.
Edit: I mean even though they do this to me I still have love for them. I don't know why.