Any reason not to follow my plan?So since I already described the reasons, the things that have been holding me back, my current situation and many other things related to my suicidal thoughts in an other post I will focus primarily on the idea of the attempt itself here. 

Because to be honest, my plan is more or less idiot proof, so is there any reason not to do it as follows? (because I really wanna do it this way and there ain’t much things still holding me back anymore):

I would pierce myself with my bayonet in the stomach area. To increase the effectiveness, I would drink some alcoholic beverages with an really high percentage of alcohol, such as vodka for example, before doing so. As an result of that my blood vessels would open up a little bit more, making me bleed out faster. And of course the alcohol poisoning would do its job as well. In the case that i hit my liver with the bayonet, I wouldn’t be able anymore to detoxicate my self making the alcohol poisoning even more effective and lethal. I would bleed out and die from intoxication at the same time. To make the out bleeding part even more efficient I would steal some of my fathers medication (blood thinners). To go completely sure that my attempt would be successful, I would do it on top of a vey high buildings roofs edge. In other words after consuming both of the substances and piercing myself with the bayonet, all I still have to do is fall down from said edge. When I land head first I will die somewhat instantly, if not I will still die because the bayonets blade would move a lot on impact, making the cut only larger, the pierce even deeper, the damage to my inner organs only more lethal and perhaps with some luck more inner organs will be affected, that haven’t been affected before. 

Pierced through with a bayonet, poisoned with alcohol, bleeding out fast due to the blood thinners and alcohol, suffering from heavy damage to my inner organs due to both the piercing and the fall. 
Is there any possible way I wouldn’t die from all those things?  (Plan B would be to do the same just without the falling from a building part. And doing it somewhere in a forest where no one could find me instead) If you believe I shouldn’t do it this way for some unknown reason please let me know. 

Ps. Sorry for my miserable unreadable English and the way too long Text. 

pps. For further information about the reasons behind my suicidal thoughts read my last post. If you think the reasons or the plan is a fixable reason/ a risky plan that wouldn’t work, please let me know. Oh and if this plan of mine counts as “method”, making it violate the rules of this subreddit (as far as I know), then i would be sorry of course since I didn’t mean to do that...