The idea just starts feeling more and more realDo you ever get that feeling that you've done what you can and now it's just time to leave? I'm seventeen years old and I can feel that if I really tried I might have a decent future but I just can't find it worth my time to wait that long. I've had problems for a while now with self harming, actually since my earliest youth. It wasn't hard to figure out that causing yourself pain makes you forget about whatever you're feeling. Sometimes I can't even figure out why I'm feeling so horrible, there's just this weight on my chest that makes me feel like I'm suffocating. I've had health problems all my life which have always dragged me down. First it was my ears, I had multiple surgeries done on them up until my early teens. Now I'm partly deaf which makes it even more difficult to connect with people. When I was 12 I was diagnosed with a skin disease, to which there is no cure, that puts me in absolute agony and causes my skin to turn red and break out in hive-like patches any time I'm exposed to heat abruptly. I can't exercise, so all I do is sit at home and gain weight. I also live in a desert which adds on to my agony. I take pills at unsafe dosages to make the pain more tolerable and those pills really knock me down. They make it hard to function on a daily basis. My family is a very religious bunch, the "god before doctors" type. Once, they caught me with scars on my arm (I don't cut with a blade, that's not how I learned. I've always used my fingernails to either pierce my skin or scratch until I bleed. Sometimes I would burn myself). They scolded me for it and prayed over me repeatedly as if I was possessed. Needless to say, it didn't help. From then on I became far better at hiding my scars and lying about them. I had a girlfriend for a while, that was probably the happiest point I've been at in a long time. After a while I figured we were close enough that I could tell her some of what happens inside my head. When I did, she decided we were too close and pulled away. After we broke up I fell even deeper into whatever hell I'm in now. I'm sure you can understand now why I'm afraid to tell anyone about this. My family offers no help and acts like I'm a satanist. My friends will just look at me like a freak. I've seen how my school reacts to situations like these, it's not pretty. At this point, suicide doesn't even sound like a crazy idea anymore. It used to give me chills, thinking of the unknown, but now it seems like I would take anything over this place. I'm sorry for the novel I wrote here, I just really felt like I needed to get some of this out somewhere. If you made it this far, thanks for listening. 