I kinda just wanna dieI don't know if I am going to kill myself tonight or not. I didn't kill myself last night. I just want to. I know it would hurt my family. I love them a lot and I know they love me even if they hurt me sometimes. I don't have a good reason for wanting to die. I have a great boyfriend and a few friends. I do alright in school and people always say I am such a friendly and happy person. Everyone who sees me often me asks if I am always happy and I tell them yes.

The other day, I my parents were asking me what I wanted for Christmas. I asked for a passport. My boyfriend lives in a different country and just came to visit me. I was hoping to visit him. I worked to save money to buy a plane ticket and haven't touched those savings for over a year. They told me it's stupid I want to waste my money on a trip to see him and I should use my money for college (not those exact words). Yes I have lots of college loan debt, even after getting the highest scholarship my school offers. I just figured that I should visit him this spring or summer, since I am graduating early, and it will be easier to visit him now before grad school starts.

I don't know if I want to go to grad school in the fall. I never took my GRE's and haven't even studied for them. I looked into a few schools and picked out a good one so that when people ask what I want to do with my life, I can make it seem like I have a plan. I don't know what I want to do. Honestly, I would be happy just doing community service work like cashiering or waitressing my whole life, since I kind of like those simple interactions with people, but I know my family expects me to be successful. I feel like it is almost more important that I am successful than happy. There is a lot of pressure and I don't think I can really handle it.

I have tried to kill myself a lot in the past and either it didn't work or I got scared. Eh. If I was not too scared to do it properly I would definitely be dead by now. I just can never find the courage to get the job done I guess. I don't know. I just don't really want to live since I feel like I would be happier (or maybe just less miserable?) if I was dead. That's all. 