No prospects, no pointI have been unemployed since summer, not that it matters much. I went to school, got a useless degree in History, GPA is too low to go back to school and have been earning shit money for the past five years. I live with my dad and am almost 30 with no career and few prospects to earn a decent living. 

Dad's been in the hospital for the 2nd time with C Diff, he is 78. He is recovering but will probably get sick with it again soon after leaving the Hospital, just like the first time. My mother died of cancer a few years ago.

Family has nothing, we had to sell the home when my mom died, a short-sale. A few years later and this place is now worth three times what my parents initially payed for it. I hate the people the people that live there, and anyone who owns a home in this region.

I have friends, family, a dog who will be gone soon, and a loving girlfriend, but what’s the fucking point. Friends move on in their lives, family dies, and I will be living a life of poverty soon. Can't ask my girlfriend to stick around if I can't earn a living, shouldn't latch her to a pathetic guy in his late 20s who lives with his dad and has no prospects.

My prospects won't improve, since I destroyed my future with a useless major and a low GPA, it was good for the first few years, but a bout of depression and disillusionment cratered it before graduation.

I would have already done it but for my dad, my dog(both of whom are old) and my girlfriend. I don't really care what my friends would think since I resent them at this point. I resent them for their careers, the money they make, the fact that none of them have seen a parent waste away to cancer and can rely on them if they ever stumble. But they would never stumble, they made the right choices in life, the right major, the right career. I am the one who always stumbles, the fuck-up who always makes the wrong choices.

Maybe now I will finally make one right choice, and follow in the footsteps of my best friend, who shot himself all those years ago. There really isn’t another alternative, I won’t go on past 30 with zero prospects. It won't happen today, or tomorrow. But it will when my dad and dog are gone. I'll spare them that. Fuck everyone else.


