it doesn't end10 years now. the first time i felt this way i was 12 and that was ten years ago. it doesn't end. it doesn't;'t get better. the 'best year of my life' included a suicide attempt and an abusive relationship. the 'best month of my life' included a sexual assault that left me with ptsd. i can't deal with this anymore. it goes on and on and on and on. i'm nothing. i got a message from this person i used to know, it was just a picture of something we used to joke about. i scrolled upwards and read our old messages and felt sick, the last time we spoke was 2011 and it was all messages of me trying to hang out with her and her changing the subject. she used to be my best friend, we were like sisters. it changed when we went to sixth form. i kept the depression a secret, i didn't want people to think i was weird. but they knew i was weird. i can't believe i used to message her such needy shit. but at least now i know why the past few years i haven't been able to message anyone to hang out. i get a panic attack if i do. i don't reply to people's messages. i get panic attacks. i'm so fucking lonely but i can't reply to peoples messages. even the super nice people who notice somethings not okay, and send me heartfelt shit, i can't reply, i can't reply. i guess now it's clearer when and why i started being unable to do that. she was the best friend i ever had, i needed that. i didn't have anyone. that was around the time of my first and second suicide attempts. and now she just sends me a picture of a movie we used to joke about. why did she have to do that??

i'm gonna die, i'm gonna die. it just goes on and on and on and i can't take it. i sent angry messages to my ex. because he did me wrong worse than she did, worse than my dad did, worse than the guy who tried to rape me did. eddie, you're the worst person i ever met. is it a good day in oregon? you were the reason for my third suicide attempt. but we both know, you never cared about that kind of thing. 

what the fuck am i supposed to do. i want to drink until i throw up. i haven't slept in nearly 24 hours. i have an essay deadline in half an hour and i'm not going to submit it. it was already an extension. all i fucking want, is something. just give me something. give me a year where i don't want to die. give me just a month where i feel happy. i don't remember what happy feels like. i wasted my whole summer studying for the most important exam of my life, and when i finally found out i passed it, i felt nothing. i'm dead inside. but i'm a good person. i swear to god, i promise, i'm a good person. that was my whole thing. especially after i got ill. if i have to be this sad, forever, just because of who i am, then i don't want other people to be sad. i swear to god, i just want to help people. i always just wanted to help people. eddie, that's why i stayed with you so long. because i wanted to help you so much, i cared so fucking much about helping you that i didn't see what you were doing. it never gets any easier. it only gets harder. it's my decade anniversary with the monster in my head. there is no solution. 