Re-occurring thoughts of suicide, always numb and inbetweenHello people,

This might get long, and not sure about how structured it'll be. English is not my first language, I'm still slightly drunk from last night, and being at work typing this up.

I've felt depressed for probably 10 years now, with few and very short periods in my life where I felt somewhat good. I don't really see anything good and/or life altering happening anytime soon in the future. 
I'm afraid of dying even though I know that I won't be anywhere to experience anything after I am dead. But these past couple of years I've been considering it more often. 

I've come to realize that other than my fear (which at the shittiest moments will fully disappear and I rather welcome death), the only reasons I have not committed suicide yet is because I don't want to hurt my parents and my siblings, and that the company I work for is quite small and they'd have a hard time replacing me with someone else if I disappeared. I don't want to let them down or give them a hard time.

Like many other people I feel lonely. I've never had a romantic partner, had a few sexual encounters which I didn't enjoy, and never felt appreciated. I'm still only in my mid-20s, and I know that there are lots of other people that are older and have lived a shittier life who still are around and would tell me to stick around because it gets better. However I cannot see how it could change.

A big problem for me is that I'm not attracted to "women" or "men", but  transgenders (MtF), both sexually and romantically. I wished I was into something more common as it would probably be easier to find someone (not that I see how anyone would be into me). 

I've looked at LGBT dating sites and it seems to me that 9 out of 10 MtF people there have explicitly been into the kind of people I'm not ("large tattooed hunks"), and been extremely superficial or materialistic ("I like people with power, I like money, I like to get gifts like prada bags"), and only into sex dates and such. Obviously not all are like this, but I haven't found anyone who is different from that. 

I don't see myself finding a partner anytime soon, or ever. I'm not into men, and I don't like real women sexually. Not to pity myself, but feels like I'd have an easier time even being a "regular" gay person as the "market" would be much much bigger. Feels like I'm stuck inbetween somehow.

A few years ago I fucked up big time and got kicked out from school (a time during which I was somewhat happy about things), destroying one of my goals in life and spending some time in jail, having my family pay a large sum to settle things outside of the court (which makes me feel guilty towards them as hell). I could probably try to work on it again, but it's such a huge setback and just thinking of it makes me lose all my energy. My current job is good, I get good money and I'm somewhat into what I do, but that is not enough at all. Work, drink/not drink, sleep is not what I want to do all week.

I just feel numb all the time. These past couple of years I've been drinking more and more. From going out with friend/s on fridays and/or saturdays, I now go out on weekends, and 2-3 times a week by myself. If not that I'll be at home drinking. 

Getting drunk makes me more emotional and I'll be able to at least feel something even if it's only sadness, instead of being numb like always. A lot of my money is spent on going out to drink or stay at home to drink, and I've began taking short term loans to keep it up. I do work out 2-3 times a week if I'm in the mood, but that is only a few hours of the whole week. 

I'm always open to my IRL friends and internet friends, and they can and will often talk to me about their problems which I don't see as "real big" problems (I'm sure most depressed people view their own problems as the most important), but I always take them seriously and do my best to help them. But whenever I say anything they'll joke about it to lighten up the mood or stop talking/become busy with something else. 

This adds to me not wanting to be a burden to anyone, and I don't really talk about my feelings to anyone. I've been thinking a little bit about a therapist or whatever, but the costs seem to be too damn high and I can't afford it. And I'm not sure how it'd help me, but I guess it worked for a lot of people. I'm also not comfortable talking about my problems in front a person who is getting paid to listen to me, seems like a horrible thing to have someone do.

When I was younger I was thinking that it was just a phase being depressed, and things would get better when I was in my 20s. Now that I am in my mid-20s, I'm thinking that things will get better in my 30s. Quite sure that I'll feel the same if not worse, and will off myself then. Unless I do it before that.

I'm not sure what anyone could tell me, but I guess it would be cool to read someones story about how things got better, or be pointed somewhere where one could read such things.

Thanks, felt good getting this off my chest, though not sure how it'll help in the long run