I can't take it anymoreIt just seems like my life is in deep black abyss of suffering and hopelessness. I've never felt so alone. It keeps getting worse and worse. "It Gets Better" doesn't seem to apply to me. It's so hard not break out into tears on a day to day basis. I'm autistic. I can't even look anyone in the eyes. It's too painful, it feels like I'm starring into the sun. I'm always starring into the ground when I walk. And when I look up my eyes automatically lock onto someone else's eye, I can't control it. And then I just automatically look away in sheepish shame, my eyes can't help but flicker away. I wish I could read body language. I wish I could know what someone was thinking or feeling just by looking at them. I wish I could just talk to someone and exchange our views and ideas about things. I want to know what other people have to say about things. I know what I should say but my brain won't allow me to say it. I feel like my brain is a prison and that my mind is in solitary confinement. I feel like my heart is being brutally stabbed and that blood just keeps flowing into it without purpose. The pain is too great for me to bear anymore. My poor neurotic mind is tearing itself apart. 

It hurts that I'm so good looking and yet so insecure and lacking in confidence because of my broken mind, It's almost like some divine being gave me good physical genetics and inferior mental genetics as a good laugh laugh. I guess the guy upstairs has an ironic sense of humor. I didn't always used to be like this. I used to not have an Asperger's diagnosis, people liked me and thought I was funny, I was confident and sure of myself. I used to always know my life would be perfect, or at least I thought it would be. Now I'm the complete opposite, I'm anxious and ashamed of myself. I thought about stabbing myself in the leg earlier just to feel, I punched myself in the ribcage repeatably instead, that way if I ever escape my suffering I won't have a physical reminder of my sins. I just wish I could speak to Kenzie while being able to look into her eyes. She's so beautiful, it's like her blonde hair was made from sunshine. I know she at least likes me. She has hinted at me twice to take her to Homecoming before. One day she even asked me if I was OK. I wasn't but I said I was anyway. No one ever did that before, she made my day and the rest of my year. If I told her some of the things I was telling now I know she would at least listen. She's no stranger to anxiety or depression either. She's kinder than most people. 

Most of my "friends" are mean to me and put me down and make fun of me. I hate them. One of them constantly calls me stupid, I think he's mean because he's jealous of my good looks and the attention I get from them. It's just too bad I'm too useless to get anything with my looks, too autistic. I feel like I'm a waste of space, I feel like I contaminate the oxygen in the air. My school would hate it if I killed myself, too many people kill themselves already. The school has a bad reputation for suicide. A girl that always liked me tried to kill herself with blood pressure meds recently, I want to talk to her about it when she comes back but I don't know how. I probably won't as it would feel to rigid and awkward to get past small talk. I could just say what I want to say but I don't know that would go over. I feel like if people don't respond to me positively my brain registers it as negative, I hate myself. I wish I could remember an inspirational quote about overcoming my circumstances but my memory is so bad it won't allow me too. I feel like that guy in the Metallica sone One. I either have to bullshit, cheat, or cram to get sufficient grades and I hate it. I hate that I have no coherence in my sentence pattern. My attention is horrid also, I can't even read a book. I wish I could at least read a book. I think I might try drugs one day, that way I'll feel the warm sunshine upon my life temporarily and not the cold, black endless suffering. 

There's a shotgun in my house if I ever need it. I might have to use it soon, I hope not though. I can't tell my Psychologist this or else I would be institutionalized because I have an easy access to firearms and know exactly where I'm going to pull the trigger in my neighborhood. Not sure if I will write a note or send people individual messages or neither. If anyone is open to talking I would like to try it, maybe someone would listen to me and try to understand.