Finally decided to post something hereI guess I'll start by saying I don't plan on killing myself anytime soon. I understand the burden it would place on the people around me, and I don't want to put them through it. I do think about it often, lately it's been nearly every day.

I don't even really want to have a conversation about how I feel. I guess I just want to be heard.

I have 4 or 5 people in my life that I would call friends. Only one or two of them would I even consider speaking to about how I feel lately. I'm afraid to. I am a coward who is afraid to open up in a significant way to my male friends. I'm afraid of how I'll be seen.

I have a long distance girlfriend. She lives in Queens, NYC, and I live near Tampa, Florida. Next week will be our 5 year anniversary. She knows to some extent how I feel, and she tells me that I can talk to her about these feelings, but sometimes when I try, I feel like I'm burdening her with them, so I prefer not to. We have known each other for a long time, and I have done some shit in our relationship I am not proud of. Sometimes she seems very unhappy with me and every day, even the days where I'm not depressed, there is an almost constant fear that she is going to leave me for someone better. I know she deserves better, and I think she does too, but she would never say it. I am an absolutely terrible boyfriend. I had basically two other relationships before her, and they were both disasters. I have no idea what I'm doing when it comes to women, and I very regularly fuck things up with the current girlfriend. I cause, I would guess, approximately 90-95% of the problems in our relationship. I can make her miserable unhappy like no one else ever could. Sometimes I end up convincing myself that I am such a pile of shit that she has to get through her problems without my help to try and take care of me. 

When I was growing up I suffered some pretty serious neglect from most of my family, and some straight up emotional scarring from others, who were thankfully more distant members of the family (great aunts and such). The only family member I ever really felt a connection with was my mom, but she decided to move out of the country a few years ago so I guess it wasn't a mutual connection. It was never a secret that everyone else liked my sister more than me. I developed some pretty serious social anxiety, in no small part because of this treatment. It is extremely hard for me to reach out and talk to people within my age group if I don't have a computer screen in the way. I have a hard time even participating in small talk without choking up and panicking a little. Conversations are basically out of the question; they are a living nightmare. It's a wonder I was able to make any friends at all.

I work a barely-above-minimum-wage retail stocking job for people I was smarter than when I was in middle school. My coworkers are assholes, the customers even more so. 

I am in school to become an educator, but every day I feel more and more like I'm making a huge mistake. Our country's education is spiraling and I'm willingly jumping down the drain. I don't have the deep motivation to teach that I had when I started taking the classes, and I don't have an inner voice telling me to do anything else instead. When I'm sitting in class, all I can think is how much I'd rather just go home and get into bed. I'm not going to go to class today. 

I used to love to read, and write, and play video games, but I don't do that stuff that much anymore. Usually I just lay in bed and stare at the ceiling. Sometimes I'll get in the shower for a really long time and lean against the tiles and just cry in there. Every night I go to bed I hope against hope that I don't wake up the next morning. Most days I have off I just think about sleep. I love to sleep; I love not having to think about all of this. When I'm awake, it's hard not to think of the world without me. My girlfriend would be better off. My friends would certainly be upset, my family at least superficially so, but they would move on. I'm not religious in any way, I could easily kill myself if I had the stones. On one or two occasions I've driven my car to a high bridge near Tampa Bay. I always have second thoughts, which I guess is a good sign to you guys, but it just makes me feel like a coward. I don't see the point in living like this, but I'm terrified to do anything about it.

the worst part is, I have seen so much worse in this subreddit. I've read about your loved ones dying, jobs lost, etc, and god I don't know what I'm going to do when I get to the real world and it inevitably chews me up and spits me out just like that. I can barely handle college and young adult problems. What the fuck am I supposed to do about real world shit? 

No one has to PM me or anything. Like I said, I'm not going to kill myself. It was just nice to finally let it all out somewhere. I'm going to sleep now, and keep on hoping. Good night everybody.