What's wrong with me? List. (long, confusing, and embarrassing...so brace yourself)Reasons why I'm stupid and need to...go:

I am a 21 year old and I still walk on my tippy toes. That is not normal or okay. I thought I killed the habit by now, but people still notice.

Can't make eye contact with people for anything.

If you get a stomach virus and vomit needs to come out of the body, most people can puke it out just fine. I, however, get a panic attack because it feels like I'm dying. It feels like fear is taking over my body and I'm just terrified for a few hours, because that's how long it takes for any vomit to come out...if my body lets it. Screaming and sobbing all the while. Embarrassing.

I've missed out on great opportunities because of how insecure I am. I could have been the singer I always wanted to be by now, but instead I'm here dwelling on dumb stuff. Now it's too late so I don't work on music much anymore. I just cry a lot.

I'm dependent on my fiance when it comes to any social situation. Poor guy has suffered enough. 

Through the years I have tried to help others as a method to make myself feel better, but I've realized that it doesn't work and I end up drained, because of how much they end up wanting from me and because it doesn't really make my problems go away. I was never fit to invest myself in others if I can't even help myself.

My former best friend and I aren't friends anymore because of a fight we had. That and a recent argument I had with my fiance resulted in them both saying the same thing to me. "I've tried to be here for you, but at this point the only help you really need is from a trained professional".

I got my license less than a year ago and I still don't drive much because how scared I am of the road. I get so nervous on the road that I shake and, even though I'm always looking straight at the other cars, the road, or whatever I need to be paying attention to, my fear just takes over and I blank out. I got so nervous driving recently that I ended up in the wrong lane, and I ended up sobbing and screaming at myself when I got myself to a safe place.

I haven't driven since then until a few hours ago for work. My fiance and I take turns with whose car we use to get to our job, but he drives either way. When it's my turn I only drive the one road to his house to get him and drop him off. That one road is easy to drive so it has become routine, especially since we work late when not many other cars are on the road. But while I was on my way home tonight after dropping him off, police were blocking a whole part of the road and I just got nervous at the change of routine. So nervous that my body just went into fight or flight mode and my memory of it now is foggy. All I remember was that I turned off the radio, I was breathing heavy, rolled down the windows, and drove slower. This wasn't part of my nightly routine and I blanked out and got nervous on what to do. They were trying to direct cars and I thought they were directing me, so I started going faster to follow, and then I heard a yell to "STOP!". I pressed hard on the brake, popped my head out and nervously asked "What's going on?"

The guy looked so mad at me. "You're driving 100 miles per hour!!" (not literally, but you get it)

"Sorry...I'm nervous. What happened?"

He looked confused. "...There was a crash. Why are *you* nervous?"

"...I'm always nervous. It's just part of my nature."

Now he was just super confused. "Okay, well, just follow me when I direct you. And drive slow."

"Yeyeyeyeh gotcha!" I said while nodding my head rapidly. "I can slow I'm good driver." (This wasn't in a rude tone, I just don't know how to talk right when I get nervous).

Then as I was following their directions I was adjusting my jacket and realized...my seatbelt was off. I ALWAYS have my seatbelt on and I had it while I was driving, but I think I got so nervous in that situation that I just...took it off??? I don't remember taking it off??? Did I take it off in the moment- while I was DRIVING, because I thought I was getting pulled over?? Did I take it off in front of that dude??

After I got home I just got mega embarrassed and cried in the driveway for 30 minutes, got inside, got back outside to get my keys from the ignition, and went in my room to sit and cry in the same spot on my bed for 2 hours. Now, here I am writing a whole bunch of hoopla that will make everyone here on reddit annoyed and/or confused at the length and content.

TL;DR - I'm just this idiot who keeps getting back into this suicidal hole after all these years. Who is guilty and tired of draining her friends, so now I distance myself from everyone and try to keep it all to myself. I'm an idiot who can't think straight when nervous and just dwells on the tiniest things for years. Who can't talk, walk, or function like a regular human being. I'm tired of not knowing what exactly is wrong with me besides anxiety and depression...I know it's more. Or maybe I'm just dumb and these are excuses. I just need a proper diagnosis. Therapy starts in a couple of weeks, but I don't want to wait that long anymore.

That being said, my 22nd birthday is in a few days. I wanted to...be a musician, be *something* I could be proud of by the end of age 21, and it's too late for any of that. I'm nothing but a (tippy toe) walking embarrassment.

So I know that leaving is the best thing for me to do.