Here's why I want to die.Bipolar. Big existential responsibilites. Realities of capitalism. The rest is just poetry.

The things I could do with my life are incredible. I believe I have the potential to be one of the most remembered people of this century.

Pleasures in life are like oceans to me, boundless ecstacy exists all around in my life.

But pains are something else. The thoughts of wasting time, losing my youth, and my dreams not measuring up to my own expectations, all torment me such that my night dreams have turned into visions of burning in hell and the hope for my life vanishes, the pinch of fearing imperfection keeps my life on the edge of a knife.

I'm always ready to hang myself, by a tree, a 5 minute walk from "home."

These existential damages that my psyche registers every day are so painful that I would throw away this life which I simultaneously believe has the potential to be the happiest life ever lived. I'm actually scared of people tracing this post to me later on because I'm absolutely positive that extreme fame is going to enter my life soon.

I dont care though. I'm just like Kurt, like Chester, like Jimi. Well, mostly like them. In that, I'd like all of that boundless joy to kind of, just, not. Because the thing crawling in my skin is fucking real and I'm not going to tolerate it or be free from it, till death do us part.

I dont think I can be helped. I brought all of my own pain onto myself by being a creative individualist. Now I have to harvest my mistake - I fantasize about the rope, the fall, the snap, the absurd struggle, the passing out, the dying. I cant push through a pain that outweighs infinite bliss.

People have talked me out of suicide here before when I was less immediately close to actually doing it. Some said things confirming they believe I will be world famous. People completely were behind the narrative that I'm a big deal, whoever I am. Felt really nice. They said people would write about me in history books.

But can the torture of being in my shoes dissipate? So far the answer has been No. And I'm okay with my life slipping away - I've hated it up until now. My talents? My gifts to the world? My impact? Forget it. This parasite that swims through my veins and bites me several times a day is more than enough to take it all away. I would be sorry if these pains were understood to everyone or anyone, and only other dead artists would understand.

I dont think I'm going to make it into 2019. I dont see why I should. Pleasures never amount to happiness for me - only that which constantly feels out of reach, even if possible. I dont want to reach through this agony.

Hope you all appreciated my text. It wont stay here long but neither will I hopefully, so send me your warm wishes, or try to shame me, whatever's good for you, friend.