I'm not particularly good at anything and feel like I should kill myselfI've struggled with suicide ideation for several years and sometimes would come close but never actually go through with it. I think about it almost constantly though. One of the driving factors is that while my best skill is art, I'm still not particularly good at it and have no skills in anything else. Failing at that would leave no other career options for me and I'd be basically proving to my family and friends who already have no faith in my choice that they were right all along and I'm a failure.

I really feel like nobody would miss me all that much if I were gone. I study animation (which I wholly regret) and none of my peers like me at all. I live in California and when the wildfires were going on, I was in class and received an alert that one had happened close to my home. I panicked a little and said aloud I might need to stay at a friend's place if something happened, and a fairly popular classmate who'd overheard my situation completely didn't care and told me not to call ahead be rude and imposing on someone else. In the same breath he'd called me wasteful for not finishing my snack. It seems like such a small thing to be fixated on but I feel like my other classmates feel the same way about me. Even my own friends don't really care about my work—they've promoted and commission other friends but just kind of ignore mine and one even admitted she never thought very highly of it. I've abandoned a friend group recently because I found out several guys in that group were stalking and sexually harassing another close friend of mine and nobody else wanted to speak up against it. As a result I don't really have a university life outside of my school or boyfriend anymore and I feel like a loser.

I feel like I'm just such a fundamentally unlikeable and untalented person and with nothing positive to offer the world and there's really nothing left for me and people would move on quickly if I were gone. 