I just want to ventPlease don’t say don’t give up or be hopeful or any of that I just want to vent. I’m tired, I’m giving up I want to give up I want to go. I’m tied by responsibilities. I have a little girl. I don’t even have the choice to go. My shitty moral mathematics won’t let me. But I’m so tired, I’m so mad I’m so full of anxiety. I have nothing to live for except responsibility. Everyday is a regret everyday I’m reminded. I hate this shit I want go. My life is an obligation to my family if I go no one will take care of them. I want to be free. I probably won’t go, i just want to vent. There’s so much noise, annoyance, I like it when it’s quiet I want o go so that it’s quiet. I’m dragging on, I can’t do this, there’s no choice no choice no choice I’m never given a choice. I think it about it all the time how I wanted to be free ever since high school and when I gambled my opportunity I failed and gotten more responsibility. I know more context is needed but I’m just venting. I’m sorry I’m fucking sorry. 
People can’t drive I hate them. 
People are so loud they are so selfish 
I’m tired of people. 
I’m tired of life
I’m tired of pretending. I don’t want to fake smile anymore
Please make the noise stop 
I’m 25
I’m Asian, responsibility is a culture ingrained 
I’m trying I’m tying I’m trying it’s not good enough 
I have a little girl. She needs a father
I should have killed myself before ever having a child how stupid of me. 
Now I have to endure, endure for her
Maybe I’ll kill myself when she’s older like 21 (she’s 3 now
I hate my life I hate my job I need it, I need it to support my family. 
Everyday I wish someone would hit me in a car
Sometimes I’ll think about getting my veins with a knife 
But I’ll make all the excuses to myself to live, I’m a coward but someday maybe I’ll find the courage or just be mad enough. Someday I’ll be free where I won’t have to hear all your bullshit society.
Thank you for ur time I feel better writing this out
I’ll be ok I’m just stressed and these are my thoughts. Today I decided to share them to see if I feel better
I do so thank you to whom ever read this. I’m going to work now.