I'm fucking miserableMy boyfriend broke up with me two weeks ago because he realized he's gay. I had no absolutely no idea. When he told me, he was looking for support and I got defensive. He said he never loved me and was never attracted to me, but he really cared about me and we could be friends. I want to, but I still have feelings for him. He couldn't even tell me he loved me as a friend. He didn't want to give me the wrong idea. 4 and half years and it feels like everything between us was completely fake. He's a great person. I miss him so much and I don't want to be alone. Everything reminds me of him. I keep feeling fucking panicked about it.

I don't want to lose him, but he has to do what makes him happy. I want him to be happy he deserves it so much. I feel terrible for being selfish about it. I've never cared about someone this much in my life so I want to be there for him. I'm having trouble letting him go as this image of my boyfriend that I love. I want him back, but I know that's not really who he is. I have commitment issues and getting into this relationship in the first place and trusting him fully was really difficult for me, but I did it.

 I don't have a reason to do anything anymore. I feel so fucking empty. I don't think I'm going to find someone like him again. My family and friends try to help, but everyday I still wake up crying my brains out feeling really alone and terrified about whether he's still going to be in my life or not. If I can handle that or not. Whether everything he said to me while we were dating was confusion or a lie. If I still mean anything to him at all because it doesn't feel like it. 

I've been avoiding people cause I don't have close friends who want to deal with it. I really just don't want to be alive. I've been suicidal for years, but he made me feel so happy, it was my reason for getting up every morning. I can't eat, and I haven't slept more than 3 hours in two weeks, all I do is chain smoke. He was the only support system I had. I want to be able to see it from his perspective, and be a good friend to him, but I feel so used. I've been pretending to be fine around everyone, but my mind has been racing 24/7. 