I often feel like I'm so dysfunctional and undeserving that my friends and family would be better without me.There's many moments in my life, especially recently where I feel happier than ever about failing attempts and surviving this long, but at the same time I feel extremely guilty. About half a year ago I flew to my friend in France, spent 2 months there and I feel like without that trip I wouldn't be able to start losing weight, take drawing and digital art more seriously as it's the only thing I'm decent at right now and I at least want to make it a gig so I work very hard on it every day.  


I lost that friend who invited me over however, she doesn't want to speak to me anymore because she feels guilty she couldn't help me enough like she wanted and that me and her ex didn't get along at all. Being neurodivergent it makes it difficult to maintain healthy relationships for me. I lack trust in people, every time someone says they'd do something I have to constantly ask for reassurance it's annoying and draining, that along with my anger issues makes me a really unpleasant person to have around and all my friends deal with my bullshit without exceptions, that's why I don't have many friends at all most people wouldn't tolerate such dumb behavior and I am super thankful to everyone especially my long time friends who have sicked around and believed in me.   


Often I feel depressed and I complain about stupid things like my looks, my personality, that nobody loves me etc. Sometimes I do it every 3 days for a while and I can't imagine how bad it must be for everyone. I try to shut it in me as much as I can and keep it to myself, but often I can't and it slips out. I keep sticking around people that belittle me and make me feel bad, despite everyone saying I should cut ties with them, but I have so few friends I am afraid to be more alone and I'd rather be mocked by people who call me a fake and make jokes about my gender and sexuality all the time.   


I haven't even earned anything, ever since I was born I've been useless, worse than other people. I've always been so shy and avoided doing many tasks because of it. I've been scolded by teachers ever since 1st grade for being a wuss as I avoided most social activities. I couldn't even speak out a simple poem that I learned by heart in front of the class and I knew the words perfectly, took me 4 tries and I just stood there without saying a word until I finally decided to just read it out even though I knew the words. I was too afraid to go to the bathroom so I leaked my pants like every day almost for a couple years, you can imagine how that made my classmates treat me and even though I've learned to control my bladder by 3rd grade some girl decided to just bring it up when I transferred to middle school and I started being targeted for standing out and being a weirdo. Teachers hated me so much they didn't know what to do with me. I just sat staring at the wall not saying a word, they were ready to give me passing grades just for the sake of me dropping out of the school and going to a different one. I ended up passing a year even though I shouldn't have simply because they wanted to get rid of me.   


No other classmate has ever been so stupid and weird like me, it's like I was born into this world as a failure and I really should have never been born in the first place.  
