How I went from being an outgoing creative to an introverted recluse and why i hate who I've become.Ill try not to make this too long or scatterbrained but here goes, a long time ago like nine or ten years ago I was beaten up by some cool kids while trying to find some pot and sustained a pretty seriously split lip and i don't know if it was in protest of the drug war, a cry for help, a consequence of the drugs i was self medicating on (DXM and alcohol), a sense of martyrdom, a way to get back at my parents or society or something having to do with that line from John Berryman “We must travel in the direction of our fear” or a combination of all these streams of thought but I decided that I wouldn't seek medical treatment for my lip and I would just let it remain open and disgusting. Needless to say afterwards my quality of life plummeted and whereas drugs used to be just something fun to do with my time they were now essential for carrying out daily tasks. And I wasn't using the fun drugs at the time either, no, by this time my self esteem had deteriorated so much that I lacked the basic social skills needed for acquiring conventional street drugs. I had to settle the more dangerous and easily obtained over-the-counter drugs i.e. DXM. The cough syrup eventually got so out of control that i thought the only way to break the cycle was to apply for disability which I did. Over the years i, understandably, became more and more aware of this bulbous monstrosity that followed me everywhere i went but never had the courage to talk to a doctor about until it was finally too late and i had already "operated" on myself. before this fateful decision I used to have pretty lofty musical ambitions and in fact, music was all i could do and i was pretty content with tossing all my eggs into the music basket however as the years went on i would only be continually reminded of the same painful lesson that 'without confidence (and thats what died that day) expressing ones inner self is nearly impossible if not pointless' because who's gonna place any stock in what you say or do if you yourself doubt your own integrity? And along with this creativity also came a fairly happy-go-lucky sense of humor if not a somewhat naive disposition but since then its all turned to pain and suffering. I still feel like a freak everywhere i go and can't let my guard down long enough to become intimate or close with anyone. On top of all that i now have neighbors living above me who must have noticed me displaying signs of weakness or insecurity one day e.g. how I'm easily startled, my sensitivity to loud (or not so loud) noises and now work together over time to torment me. the girl stomping, creaking and thudding during the day and the guy taking over for her at night. Its a real living hell. Im angry, bitter and scared all at the same time and I feel like its only a matter of time before i kill myself. the shame and embarrassment is just too much.