I feel painful and frightened...I was just reading through some of the posts on here and every post I read makes me fell pain, not physically but mentally. It makes me remember how sad I am and It makes me want to kill myself even more. I fell like there are butterflies in my stomach and chest but like they are stabbing me from the inside but slowly. it doesn't feel sharp but it makes me want to die. 

I'm suicidal and I think of how miserable I am every moment of my life, I want to cry but something is holding it inside, I am scared of what I leave behind when I eventually kill myself. What they will do at my school after someone commited suicide for the first time in our schools history, or what the people in my class who normally ignore me will do, and what will my friends do? I love my friends a lot, they stepped into my life at a very critical point when i was bullied constantly and i was going through a terrible coming out phase. They were there for me at that time, but I'm way to scared to talk about my feelings and intentions with them, Not that they would stop being friends with me or anything. But because i dont want them to pity me.

My parents on the other hand are the ones i really dont care about after what they've done to me mentally. The way they speak to me and the way they argue with me truly is horrible. Every exams week I get a lecture on how much of a disappointment I am and that I will never survive in the real world, and that i will never be a succesful person in life.

Which is true, but them telling me that makes me feel horrible in every possible way.

I don't like to cry in-front of my parents because of obvious reasons. But when a a single tear drops off my eyes they just tell me to "man up" and that "crying is a sign of weakness".

I wish i decide to finally kill myself so that i wont go through this anymore, but I'm waiting to go to a different country for university to kill myself and make sure my friends at that time wont let my parents know. because the last thing i want is for them to arrange a funeral for me. I'd rather die twice.