My parent is making me want to kill myselfI'm 17. Diagnosed with persistent depressive disorder and PTSD. My parents are divorced, and I live with my mother and my siblings. My father is a diagnosed narcissist and affected me for the majority of my childhood in an incredibly negative way. I have been regularly cycling through therapists and medications for about five years now.

Today I went to my monthly appointment with my doctor to sort out my meds, got my dosage up'd. I also saw my therapist for my weekly appointment with her. I have been getting worse and worse this past month, and the past week has been absolutely hellish. I had lost some weight - and since I am already underweight, my doctor got concerned. I explained to her that I was a helplessly picky eater - in the way that most foods cause me to feel incredibly ill either over the texture, smell, or taste. Thus, I eat very sparingly. I am 5'1", and weigh 90lbs.

I also explained that our money situation - family's - was a bit tight, and that I was reluctant to ask my mother to get anything I could properly stomach because I did not want to bother her or make her spend unnecessary cash on me. I said that my siblings - I have about five of them living under the same roof, all younger than me - like to pinch the food I can stomach and often take it for themselves. I've brought this issue up with my mother before and it normally always results in her blaming me for not hiding it well enough or something along those lines.

With all this in mind, I also told my doctor about an unfortunate incident a few weeks ago that led to a few older family members becoming incredibly inebriated - mother somewhat included - and that in turn pressed her to ask how much my mother drank. I told her - regularly, although not to the point of intoxication most of the time, but typically every day recently.

My therapist knows all this as well. Per usual, my mother normally goes back and speaks with them separately while I sit in the lobby and wait. I was already scared, I am always scared of what my doctor and therapist will say to her since I'm horribly reluctant to properly shed light on most of the issues I have with her for fear of suffering consequence, such as being kicked out when I turn 18, and similar. It was almost completely obvious that she was ticked afterwards, although she did not say much until we got home. Afterwards, she went out again and got some food for me - a bit of fried chicken, and ramen. I thanked her, had something to eat, and had made a cup of tea - in the process, she grilled me as to what I'd told my doctor about her drinking, and seemed a bit peeved ("I'm going to have to quit drinking now or we'll get CPS around here.") and gone back up to my room, preparing to take my meds for the day as I had neglected to earlier.

And then she came into my room, dumping the ramen on my bed that I had forgotten to bring upstairs, closing the door, and then angrily whispering to me about feeling as if she was being accused by my therapist and doctor for neglecting to feed me, and then bringing up the fact that I didn't hide my food well enough from my siblings for them to avoid eating it - all in such a tone that, as soon as she left the room and closed the door, I burst into tears, locked the door, and self harmed. I had stopped self harming since I was 13, but had relapsed a month and a half or so ago due to my mother growing angry at me for comparing her to my father (I had asked her to stop coming home and instantly shouting for everyone to clean up, exactly as my father had done), and that led to me self harming for a straight week until I saw my therapist again. It had unfortunately been on the same evening as the day I saw my therapist, the same as today.

I have not wanted to genuinely kill myself for a while, but I am very, very close to doing something incredibly impulsive just because I feel horribly guilty, worthless, and that my mother would be better off if I were not alive. I would not be costing her money or anything of the sort if I were dead - she already has enough to deal with when it comes to my siblings. She seems to view my problems as being more of a burden than anything else - she cares for a few hot seconds when I tell anyone that I am suicidal, but that quickly vanishes after she realizes I am not going to straight-up kill myself yet. I'm motivated by both incredible spite - "told you so" - and by feelings of worthlessness, fear, and complete and utter self hatred. I don't know what to do because I feel that this is the one time where I am genuinely going to do something irreparable to myself.