I'm going to fail out of school.I just want to write my thoughts down; not expecting anonymous strangers to care that much. I'm willing to try anything at this point to just feel a little better. 

It sounds so stupid but it's true; I've been thinking about killing myself every day, multiple times per day for the past few weeks. The reason? A breakup. My situation is pretty unique though (i think) so my feelings may or may not be justified. I mean, it's not like i know any of you, so i wouldn't lie to get sympathy. I've genuinely had debilitating depression symptoms for the past few weeks and part of me wants to end it just to stop feeling so much pain. 

She was perfect. Beautiful, smart, hard working, loving. With every little physical feature I'm attracted to rolled into one perfect package. She was so far beyond anything i could have ever dreamed of having. 

But fate is unkind. I'm a fucking loser. Always have been, but now i realize it more and more. I'm intelligent, hard-working when i need to be, incredibly loving, with huge friend groups plus more isolated friends on the outskirts, many of which are GREAT friends in every sense. I'm in shape, i have a six pack with big arms, I've been told my face is very attractive, I'm such a great guy, I'm so nice, my style is good, everything. But I'm a complete loser and there's nothing i can do to change that fact. 

We never fought. We were perfect for each other. We were best friends in every sense. We wanted to spend the rest of our lives together. We had never had a fight in all of our relationship. She ended the relationship while telling me that she would compare her future boyfriends to me because i was so PERFECT. She told me she always wants me as a friend because I'm her absolute best friend and an amazing person. It had been 1.5 years. 

She wanted someone better than perfect. 

Why am i loser if my ex STILL tells me I'm the perfect guy, all of my friends love me, i get along with everybody i meet? 

The best girl i could ever meet left me because I'm 5'3 and balding early (i wear a hat that makes me look good, so height is the ONLY factor here). That's my only flaw. Fucking literally. I don't want to toot my own horn here, but I'm fucking out of options here. I can't do it anymore. I spent the first 18 years of my life wondering why i was cursed with this shit, why I'm a great man trapped in a boy's body. Why, no matter how much i want to (and do) improve myself i will NEVER be as good as the other guy who's even 5'8". They can deal with "short" guys. Not guys THAT short though. 

What does it say that even the girl i poured every ounce of my being into, the one who WAS so in love with me based on personality, body, and ambition alone, got to the point where she just couldn't deal with me being this short anymore? How is this not going to just happen all over again in my future relationships? It's completely hopeless. She still loves me but can't fathom being with me. And I'm not mad at her. I wouldn't date an unattractive girl. I blame the world. I was given one phenotype that COMPLETELY ruined my life. 

My car just broke, I'm in huge amounts of loan debt, i can't do my homework because i can't stop hating my fucking life. I was doing okay a few weeks ago but it keeps getting worse. 

I wish there was a way that i could end my life without hurting the people who care about me. The only thing holding me back is what pain she would go through thinking she caused this and how my friends would feel about losing me. 

I just want someone to hold. She used to tell me everything would be okay, that WE would get through it all together. "You and me, babe," she would say. I used to have pet names for her. I'd call her Bear or Bug, most commonly. She loved it. Now when i talk to her it's all of a sudden inappropriate to say that because she (like most women) is holding a sign that says "you must be this tall to be the love of my life." I just want to hold her one last time and never let go. 

I can't go on like this. I'm going to give it time to get better, but I'm completely miserable. I'm literally not worthy of love even from the ones who love me most. 

I hope it gets better. I never thought i would actually go through with it, but the feeling gets more intrusive every day.