New years' is coming, and so is my deadline.This year, has started off so beautifully and I watched it crumble day by day in front of me, I tried to do everything, yet I couldn't stop anything that happened. This year was supposed to be the best year of my life, and I had my future set in stone, but with the covid measures, amongst other things, it slowly faded away. I am praying to god, and hoping that I get a second chance, but I fear that it will not come. 

Wherever I turn, whatever I see, I see reminiscing moments of the good that this year was supposed to be, and I'm not sure how much longer I can bear, I feel it chipping away at my sanity. I got into the college I wanted, and my educational dreams are pretty much all accomplished, I tried really hard, yet, after this year, it all feels so empty, and when I think about my future I feel nothing, and my past, I feel like has all been in vain. The things that used to make me happy, no longer do. I am disgusted by my hobbies, and I feel like I am wasting my life away. I wish I had known better, I am so sorry. 

I talked to my parents, and I will drop out, and they support me in this decision. I love you, sincerely, my mom and dad and especially my grandmas, who have proven themselves that they actually do care for me, but I'm scared, and I am thinking about this more and more. As a person who tried to clumsly kill himself multiple times, this time, I actually have a plan, I know it will be painful, but this is what I was destined to do. If nothing gets better, which I will know as new years' draws closer. I will finally kill myself in the first week of 2021.

I have experienced enough in life, and I blew it all away this year, I have nothing left, but to wait out these last couple of months and pray something changes. If I lived and endured this long through this year, I might as well see how it ends. 

I love you all, and thank you for everything, I will not leave a suicide note, I will not say anything to anyone, because the closest ones to me already know how I feel. 

As a final note, fuck you 2020. You got me, you fucking miserable piece of shit. But I will live through you, as a final fuck you.