Oh my god. I’m sorryMy situation can no longer be fixed. After some weeks of pondering, I’ve decided I’d rather crash out than just crash. To have a pleasant final few days, surrounded by the one who loves me most. When it’s time to leave, cycle a few kilometres up the road until the level crossing.

There’s a high-speed railway line. The trains are empty and extremely fast. I am going to kneel with my head on the tracks, it should be a quick death. I would try drugs but they’re unreliable. So, this is how it will be. I hope my remains aren’t too messy. I don’t really care about the trauma it may/may not cause my parents: for them to live with the same sadness as I did for so many years would be a just punishment.

I hate you mum, for the years of abuse. The fact that you have depression and anxiety doesn’t mean that you aren’t responsible for how you have treated me. I hate you dad for enabling her and refusing to help me. You had the opportunity, but your commitment to neutrality meant you inevitably sided with the dominant force. You both are generally mediocre people who have never contributed to anything meaningful in your lives, a far cry from your parents who started with nothing and built up a great, worthy life for themselves and their family. I suppose bad times make strong men, and good times make weak men. Everything that is good and wort fighting for you have degraded and pushed aside. You both need to start to take your medication again, at least for the sake of Chloe.

Chloe, my sister Chloe, it’s not your fault. You sometimes joined in with our parents in the abuse but it’s not your fault. You grew up in that environment: it’s easy to see how you could become assimilated to it. I hope you find a way out.

Gran: I am so, so sorry. There’s nothing more I can say in words. I wish I could escape this abuse but I can’t. I’m happy we had 15 years together and got to travel a bit. You were always kind and helpful to me. You did all you could, and all I could ever ask anybody to do, but it’s time that I move on. I’ll see you in the afterlife.

To Francesca, I am sorry. I really do love you, not in an effete, teenager-y way, but deeply and truly. I wish we could be together but I can’t let my parents treat me anymore the way that they do. You are beautiful, empathic, and intelligent, and you deserve everything good that will come to you. Please keep me in your thoughts. It comforts me to think that I’ll still remain in your heart even after I am long gone.

To all my friends: I will miss you. We had lots of good times together, and the bad times, but I now need to move on. I should have opened up to you about the abuse I suffer, but it’s way to late now. Ah well. Such is life and death.

I probably won’t post from this account ever again. If I do, that would be awkward.

It feels strange to consider that your body will be split in two at the neck in a few days’ time, but I feel comforted. It’s refreshing to know that it might soon come to an end.

~S D M