Worried about someone i met at works bar.I work at a hotel bar and this evening had a chap come back after being out for the day drinking. Though he had clearly had a fair bit to drink he was mostly still in sound mind for the first few hours of our chat.

It quickly became apparent that that he was carrying a lot of baggage (PTSD, childhood abuse and a few other things). 

He is the father of someone i went to school with about 16 years ago (Have not seen any of them in that time appart from passing in the street) so he felt like he could open up a little when telling me the stories but also was very stern that the conversation was between us two and no one else.

He spoke about the several doctors and psychologists he had visited over the years being of no help as they just kept trying to get him to move on. He then described someone under his watch being killed while explaining that something like that cannot be forgotten or put out of mind.

I did not so much speak but rather listened to his story and what he had to say. Honestly i was very overwhelmed and could not even begin to know how to reply and he mentioned several times that he had considered jumping off a near by bridge or walking infront of a train several times in the last year.

I think much of this is due to him having no one he feels he can talk to at home and clearly feels he is a burden on his wife over the last 15 years. He left his phone number and said that the chat had made him feel the best he had felt in months and would like to chat again.

Here is the problem and i feel like utter scum even thinking this way but i do not have the time or the knowledge to possibly be on call for something like this and do not know what to do. If i pass his number on or try to contact his family will it destroy any trust he may have when talking to people about this? But at the same time just leaving it and hoping the it was the alcohol talking is not an option as he was able to have a well thought out talk.

Sorry if this is a bit of a mess its fairly early/late in the morning and i am still at work any advise would help.

Thanks.