Depressed... I guess technically I'm a veteran....About two years ago I had everything going for me. I was starting a promising career in the army as a medic, I had just met a great guy and we were really hitting it off. Then I found out I was going to be stationed in Germany and he was stationed in the states. Even though I was sad to leave him, I was extremely excited to see another country. Until I found out that I was pregnant....

It's not that I wasn't ecstatic to be having a baby because I was, but our relationship was literally built on sex and insult-based humor. We were just fuck buddies. He begged me to get chaptered out (Something they offer to pregnant women on active duty) and I finally agreed. Even though I was looking forward to my upcoming deployment, I wanted to try to make it work and did not want to have to leave my daughter right after she was born.

Fast forward to now. I am a "stay at home mom" because he is trying to be a police officer and is applying everywhere from Indiana to California. We don't know where will be moving and I do not want to try to start a life here and then move again. I don't know anyone here. We live in his hometown with his family. My family and friends are 6 hours away. I have no way to meet people and all of his friends are 5 years older than me and are assholes. He is never home. He never helps with our daughter. He treats me like shit. He used to love that I was a goofy fun loving person, but now he just treats me like I'm retarded. I want to leave him but I have nowhere to go. Every time I try to make him leave he just laughs at me. I asked his mother if I could stay with her and she said no. I could probably make it on my own (In fact I know I could), but when I get my courage to leave, he begs me to stay and makes me feel like shit. I have no one here to help me or support me and I can't go home because if I leave the state without his permission he could have me arrested if he wanted (which he would). 

I love my daughter but I literally go days without leaving my apartment and every night he comes home and treats me horribly. I am still in love with him but he rejects me everyday and it hurts so bad. We don't even have sex anymore. I am so lonely. I don't want to miss out on my daughter growing up but I can't take it anymore.


EDIT: Thanks for trying to help me find some options everyone. I finally got the balls to sit down and tell him exactly how badly this was affecting me. We just got the news that he has been accepted into the Atlanta PD so we will be moving soon and we can have a fresh start. Also, I'm going to visit my family for a few weeks next month so everything is finally starting to look up. Thanks for the support.