I'm a failureThis is probably going to be a long ass post, explaining the background of my story. I'll start now.

I was, for the most part, a straight A student throughout 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th grade. I was always doing my work on time and even got an award for never missing a day of school in both 6th and 7th grade. Then, start 9th grade. I was doing well, felt that classes were a bit more difficult and I was slipping a little bit, first time I've had two Cs on a report card for the first semester. The rest of the year was fine. I stepped it up and my GPA was a 3.553 at the end of the year. This year, 10th grade, the schedule for classes completely changed. We moved from alternating schedules to a 3x2 block schedule. Basically, we have all our classes every day, except for Wednesday and Thursday. Wednesday, we have our first 3 classes until 1:40, then on Thursday we have our other 4 classes until 3:20. I was mildly disturbed by this but I felt it was fine. Then, I started noticing that I was missing assignments sometimes since with the alternating schedule, I always had at least 1 day to work on things, but with this new schedule, work could be due the next day. I started to slip and now I have an F, a C, two B-'s, two A-'s, and an A. The whole spectrum in my grades. I started to get sloppy without enough sleep and I just had a 2 week vacation right after 2 weeks for winter break. I've missed so much class and everything has kind of collapsed on me. At this point my only talents are lifting and fighting. I'm not even that strong, I bench less than my bodyweight since over the break I gained 15 lbs (140 now, I bench 130 for 1 rep at max). Pretty weak I know.

Another contributing factor

 A few years ago (8th grade), I made a friend online and we got pretty close. We spoke every day, and we were turning out to be pretty good friends and had plans to meet irl after college. Then, one day, out of the blue, she said that I was, "a sad person, that people should pity." I was pretty confused but then she just kept telling me about how I was a creep and to never contact her again. She blocked me and we didn't speak until just recently, when I messaged her and she unblocked me. She said, I quote, "Look, I have a boyfriend. Go watch some porn and cry about your loneliness. You obviously don't have closure so I'll tell you one last time. I don't ever want to speak with you again." I just kind of blocked her at that point, and brushed it off. I started thinking about it though, and what if I am just a sad excuse for a human being. She was always pretty correct in guessing what was going on in my life, so what if she could tell more than me? So now I'm thinking about how I've been wasting my life with my antisocial behavior and I could've been having fun and spending more time with better friends. Fun.

That leads to now. Just tonight I cried for the first time in over a year. I curled up into a fetal position and cried for half an hour. Then I got up and came on here to post a sob story and try to get people to care about me. I can't tell my parents about any of this or they'd flip. I just really feel that throwing myself off a bridge is one of my best options, or just ODing on Oxycodone. I've never given anything my full dedication, 100%, and you also have to lose a few pieces to win at chess, right? I'm just a pawn in this game, might as well go to waste and create an opening for people to use my death to justify the things that are wrong in our education system in the U.S. I live in Aspen, Colorado. Hopefully I'll throw myself off the Terrell-Wade bridge tomorrow. 97 feet, 2.2 seconds, of freefall. An acceleration to ~65 mph, and go splat into the river and rocks below it. If I don't, I'll edit this post and say otherwise.