I am sitting here with a knife to cut myself with and browsing handguns onlineI feel so incredibly alone. I feel like people don't care about me. I know people do and I should feel lucky but I feel so miserable. I have to study for finals right now and I just can't. Someone I really cared about just stopped talking to me. Usually, I push them away, but this time I held back all of my neurosis, used all my coping skills to stop anxiety and stop jumping to conclusions. This time someone I thought I was safe with and told me that if she wanted to stop talking to me, she'd tell me decided to ghost me. It feels like no matter what I will be left alone. And I want to do anything but that. I should be in the hospital. And I sort of want to be in a hospital so I can just cry all day, but my college sucks with the policy on this. If I end up in the hospital they won't let me back for a year, after all my friends graduate, and I won't last without friends. Before covid, I wanted to push through and graduate then just fall apart for a few months. I am thinking about just ending it. I don't want to be me, I would trade everything I have or would ever have material or personal qualities just to not be so scared of being alone. Usually, I feel good knowing that I am more considerate than a lot of other people. Not in a holier than thou type of way but just I think I'm a good person. Well what has that got me. I try and be considerate of others feelings and just get hurt. I am so angry but I don't have the guts or will to hurt anyone else emotionally (definitely not physically). So I feel like I want to die to spite everyone. My parents who beat me and pressured me and made me so scared of being alone, the people who have abandoned me, and the people who have used me. I stopped thinking about how it would make my parents sad if I died. I know it would, but I want them to be in pain because my parents made me this way. I just don't want to be alone. If I am dead, I won't ever have to worry about that ever again. I don't care if I'll burn in hell. I don't believe in it and I'll take that chance that it doesn't exist. 

&amp;#x200B;

all I want is to not feel so alone.