I feel so empty, I'm lacking of love so much that I think to die. 

I've Writen this an hundred times before posting it.

It is how I feel, you can disagree, you can not understand, but it stay how i feel

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

When I was a child, I never thought about my future.

I’ve always thought that it gonna be like everyone else.I was wrong.

Why did I have to see people die ?

Why did my family has to fall apart ?

Why people had humiliated and hit me ?

Why did I have to live sexual abuse ?

And more importantly, why did so many people have chosen to look away ?

I never found any answer to this question, other than “it’s like this.” So I tried to ignore it, a life without past, a fresh start.

I was stupid.

&amp;#x200B;

Even if I can forget about my past, other scars will remain.

I understood this too late. Being like everyone else was difficult for me, it was not easy to not be scared.

Of course, during the next years, I failed multiple times.

Even thou, I was able to make a few friends and to change.

I thought it would be enough. Again, I was wrong.

For me who lost his family at 11 years old, who had been abandoned by the one he loved, by his friend during teenage years, something was missing.

I was lacking of love.

I needed to feel loved, to have someone by my side, to have the right to say “I love you,” to take someone in my arm, to hold a hand, to kiss someone, etc.

&amp;#x200B;

So I decided to fight, to do my best to be able to achieve my goal, or maybe should I say my dream . And the worst was that my best wasn’t enough.

I just had my heart broken a lot more.And it hurt, it hurt so much. I just want to happy, to be loved.

Why is it so wrong ?

I see other, in the street being happy, being in love, life what I want to live so much without being able to live it.

It destroys me.

&amp;#x200B;

I cannot ignore this feeling inside me, it’s not just a thought, not just a feel, it’s vital, like you cannot ignore your hunger or your thirst. I don’t know what to do anymore.

I’ve fought and I’ve lost.

People tell me to wait, that I’m young.

But wait is not the answer, waiting will not stop me suffering and waiting will and give me back the time lost. I’m not able to do succeed by myself, whatever the effort I put in.

&amp;#x200B;

I’m almost at my limit.

I feel that I will break.

I need help, but no one to help me.

It hurt so much, I just want this pain to stop.

I would prefer to die than live like this.

 I don’t want to die, but I don’t want to live like this either, I don’t know what to do.