Sick.There's something wrong with both my brain and my body.

I can understand social cues, but can never react appropriately. If a girl flirts with me, I become awkward, sometimes unintelligible. It isn't like TV or movies, where the girl accepts you for who you are, rather they're put off by me and my mannerisms. I've had girlfriends before, but I'm pretty sure after 3 years of no romantic connection, especially in the prime of my life, that I will never find true love. 

My relatives are also perturbed by me. I don't really feel connections with family members, even those I've known my entire life. I don't even remember most of their names or relation to me. I've done nothing with my life so far, and the weakness in my body severely limits my ability to succeed, which would at least instill some pride in others of me.

I become so tired and pained after 1 day of easy, monotonous work. I am at a standstill with life and it's opportunities. Yet, others either assume I'm not trying hard enough, or just accept that I've been screwed by lady luck several times, which is less than comforting.

I know that comparison is the death of joy, but I simply cannot help it. When everyone is stronger than you, more handsome, make more money, have more privilege, more charismatic, and all at the same time judge you for what you haven't done, how can you help but to feel inadequate? I'm nothing but a sick dog in the streets, begging for the scraps of care and attention other people eagerly toss aside.

I guess at the bottom of it, there has always been something wrong with me. Something indefinable, or perhaps it has been defined and diagnosed, but I've lacked the opportunity to access it. I've struggled with depression ever since I was just a child, suicidal since the first grade, and all I ever think is that it would have been easier if I had ended it so long ago, instead of going through all the pain I've endured, only to end up here. I am dust, that should have been made ashes years ago. All I've done in life is consume and spend, wasting oxygen, wasting taxpayer dollars in the mental institution, wasting food others could have eaten...

When I was a kid, I just wanted to help people. I wanted to be a doctor, and then a scientist, and then a teacher. I was told I was gifted, but the gift was wasted. I am nothing.
I want to die. I want this life to end, not just for the sake of my peace, but so I no longer step on the toes of others. I have already tried before, and the only thing that saved me was the belt snapping from my weight. I want so badly for it all to end. I think I'm crazy, but that doesn't help. It just reinforces that I'm an outcast, that I don't belong... I wish I could just take what's in my bank account and move to a new country where nobody knows me and will leave me all alone, but what's the point of a life of isolation? I'd do more for the world as a rotting corpse upon which mushrooms grow, and flies to feast.

I wish i didn't have a nuclear family anymore. My sister is young enough that my death wouldn't really affect her, but my dad has had a rough, morbid life. I don't want to put him through my suicide, but I really can't live like this, as me, anymore. If this were paper, it would be wet with my tears, as I weep sympathetically for their grief, but I just want to die.