I'm tired of livingSo about 2 weeks ago I fucked up my relationship with the love of my life. I thought that she was the one that I was going to spend the rest of my life with, but she ghosted me and blocked me on everything, like I was a worthless piece of trash. 

She would say things like "You give up to easy" and you know... she's right I do, but i wasn't the one who gave up on us. 

I just wish i hadn't have said anything or, came over and gotten in a huge argument. I miss her so much, but theres nothing i can do. I feel so helpless, like I'm at my wit's end. I just want to see her one last time, and tell her I'm sorry for everything, and tell her how much i love her and how much she means to me. I wish i could've said I'm sorry.

I can't go on. Everyday I do something wrong. It's like I'm not even a human. Like I'm supposed to be perfect like a goddamn robot.

I just want it all to be over, and once it is I'll finally be happy. Maybe I'll get to see her one last time before I die. She was the one thing that actually made me happy, but she's gone and its all my fault.

I really thought she loved me. I'm such a fucking idiot. No one could love me, I was stupid to think she actually cared for me. I was stupid to think she wanted to actually start a family with me. I was so fucking stupid to think she loved me as much as I loved her.

I guess I really did when the "I love you more" game.
If you're reading this, don't make the same idiotic mistakes i made. I fucked up my whole future, I lost my soul mate. 

The people in my life say "There's more fish in the see" or "You'll find the one" but i did find the one, and i drove her away.

I'm done with life. All I seem to do is fuck it up. If there is a god I just hope he forgives me for fucking up the life he gave me.

Isabella if you are reading this. I'm sorry, I miss you so much. I love you with all my heart, and again I am so sorry for everything I've done.

I wish i wasn't so fucking stupid. If you read this far thank you for dealing with my idiotic rant. I really appreciate you taking the time to read this.