Today was the one year anniversary of my suicide attemptand im doing a lot better in so many ways. Im doing good in school. My skin looks better. My teeth are cleaner. I shower everyday. Im leaving my toxic living situation. I've been functioning really well off of my anti depressants for a solid 6 months now. I haven't even self harmed since March. And in most ways, im in so much pain.

. I still feel so alone but its something I've come to accept. I think I'm always going to be alone. I'm just not good with people. It hurts to be so lonely. It makes me not want to wake up every day. i hope this isn't what the rest of my life looks like but 10 years ago I was so sure that things would be different by now. Middle achool me isn't real. High school me isnt real. I dont know who those people are. I dont want to know anyone who knew me back then 

I just wish I could find peace. I want to be happy so bad. I'm so tired of being so depressed on the drive home from anywhere because the magic of being a part of something is gone. Going home is so scary. Its so lonely. i dont know anyone who is as lonely as me. I dont know anyone that could stomach it. Everyone says they love spending time by themselves but they don't actually know what its like. To spend so much time alone you don't know what the last thing you said out loud was. 

I feel lonely when I'm with my partner. I feel lonely when I'm with my mom. I feel lonely when my best friend talks about how she was the hottest girl in high-school. I feel lonely when people tell me how much they want to fuck me or date or me possess me or conquer me. 

please don't read this and see it as a sign to kill yourself. Because in a lot of ways I proved all those fuckers who told me what a piece of shit I was wrong. I just wish I could be better at all of this. I dont know if I wish i died 365 days ago. But maybe I do. 

I'm so tired of coming home and knowing that nothing is waiting for me there. Im so tired of waking up everyday knowing that the only thing that misses me is my homework. I hate this life I've built for myself. I hate all of this