Suicide/depression/anxiety help, new to this first time.Hi everyone, im new to reddit and wouldnt mind some peoples opinions. Ive never done this before so dont know how it will come out or how it will come across but its something i feel i need to do. 

Ive suffered with social anxiety all my life, ive always just thought i was shy, nervous etc and have only thought about it the past few years (im 23 btw). Im currently at university in my second year and im struggling super bad with my anxiety. I struggle on my course, i struggle with friends, i barely ever go in with my panic attacks 24/7 or just the feelings i get from my peers on my course or the work etc etc. Im just tyring to summarise a bit and im probably writing for the sake of writing so im sorry. 

I havent been into uni for months, im still trying to do the work by myself, i lie to my mum and brother about how its going as i dontwant to let them down and fail them again. (Ive already failed one year at another uni because of my anxiety and depression. They dont know i have anxiety or depression, i plucked up the courage to go to my doctors about it 8 years odd later and was diagnosed with it. I rejected the medication as again i got too worried and scared. I lied to my GP when i saw her about suicidal thoughts and drugs, was that the right thing to do? i DONT want people to treat me differently or have to go to any hosiptal etc. Should i go back and tell them im suicidal? the thoughts are increasing, ive googled the best ways i think to do it etc ive thought of lots of thing around it, such as how ive let my parents down if i fail uni again etc. 

Also i dont know if i shoud talk to a friend about this. Ive only ever talked to a mental health practitioner about how i feel, but again not fully about suicidal thoughts etc. Ive got one friend who im super close with, ive known her for 3 years, shes had depression like me and i got her through hers but never told her about mine. I never really understood that i had it when she told me about hers. i basically want to tell her about everything, she already knows everything about me but this, she knows about my anxiety and meetings with people about it. But should i tell her about my suicidal thoughts? i really dont want to affect the relationship i have with her by telling her. (currently crying writing this). Will it affect my friendship with her if i tell her? will she treat me differently? will i regret it? 

Also ive started drinking more and taking more drugs like MDMA and cannabis to try stop my worries. What do people think of this? I love the high of MDMA, it just chills me out and gives me such happiness which im struggling to get more and more each day. Im just tyring to forget about this shit world and bubble of worry im in 24/7. I cant even order food at a restaurant etc i get so worried and panicky. Should i try go back to my GP and tell them that ive been taking a fair amount of drugs to stop me feeling like this? (currently on MDMA writing this). Should i tell them about my suicidal thoughts? because i lied the first time, im scared of what will happen, and find it so hard to talk about and say.

Going back to uni, ive not been into one of my modules all year and ive not been put onto the exam timetable. This is freaking me out massively, ive amiled my tutor to say ive been missed off but now im thinking what if they dont let me on it because ive not been there all year or attended anything to do with it. What if this makes me fail uni? I cant do another year out working letting my mum down, id rather end my life, the shame of it all again. ive been thinking of what i could do for a job, always wanted to be a Royal marine ever since i was a kid, but would they let me in? especially with my mental health condition. Ive also thought it would a good job to have as im not afraid to die, ive thought about it so much that im not sure i would mind, it would be an easy way i guess. 

Sorry if this doesnt make sense or has come across as just muddled up rubbish. Im just writing off the cuff and just need answers and help. Im stuck in my own head, i cant escape and dont know what to do. Just going to go get pissed now to forget this. 