You can’t really help, but I guess it’s worth a shot.Buckle up, this might be long, and confusing because I have too many thoughts. I am 25 years old, I am diagnosed bipolar depression anxiety and ptsd, I guess they all kind of mold together. First I’ll start by saying that I am in treatment, I am in group therapies 3 times a week, I see a therapist once a week, and a psychologist for medication management once a month. I haven’t been taking my medication, which is probably stupid. I got put on several medications about a year ago, I’ve barely taken them because I’m convinced they’ll make me gain weight (I am worried because over the last few years I’ve lost 184 lbs) and am not willing to gain weight for my “mental stability” I suppose most of my issues are in my in my past. I have some things now that I’m confused about and kind of hard to deal with. Nothing worth taking my life over I guess, but to me it’s not exactly what is happening to me that makes me want to end my life. It is genuinely just how I feel, I really don’t feel happiness it’s a facade, says that I spend with my friends from group, days that I’m with my boyfriend, and days that I spend with select members of my family I am able to laugh and smile. But as soon as I’m alone I don’t want to be alive. And that’s not healthy, I’m fully aware of what my issues are. But they’re not going to stop, or I don’t see them stopping. My issues are with me, the way I look, the way I think, the way I feel, I am very unhappy with myself. It is safe to say that I 100% hate myself and I am tired of living. For what? The benefit of others? Because they’d be sad or upset if I am gone? I guess I’m generally too afraid to kill myself, because I don’t want to live through an attempt, and I don’t want pain. I’m constantly wishing I’d just get hit by a car (not looking before I cross the street) a lot, I wish someone would just kill me in my sleep or something. Idk man, I’m just unhappy and I don’t want to live and there’s nothing that just makes me genuinely happy. I’m in a relationship with a guy who makes me laugh so much, there are small things here and there that I don’t like about it. But it’s not a bad relationship, I just am very VERY insecure with myself and I know that’s hard on both of us. Because I hate myself I don’t see why someone wouldn’t leave me for someone else or cheat, so sometimes I accuse and I know it’s not right. But I let my thoughts run wild a lot and it makes me paranoid and then it leads to us fighting blah blah. And then my family is a whole other story I guess, I live in a house with my mom, her boyfriend , my nephew, my brother, his girlfriend, and her father. They all have their own issues, and for so long I spent taking care of other people to avoid myself I guess subconsciously, and now that things are a bit better and they can take care of themselves I’m lost just trying to help myself. Two of the people who live in my house make my life a living hell, micromanaging, criticizing, and plain out bullying me. And the things they say about me kinda further validate how I feel about myself. Negative External validation on someone who already hates themselves is kind of rough to deal with.. I don’t really know what the point of this is to be honest. I don’t think there’s something I can do to really start liking myself. Or wanting to live. Idk, my treatment isn’t working, I thought losing so much weight would make me feel okay but, it doesn’t. I’m actually less confident with the lose skin I have than I was being morbidly obese. I’m not good enough, for anyone. That’s all I have to say for now, a reply or two would be nice I guess but I’m not expecting it. 
Thanks for reading. 