Every day is a reborn tragedyIt's tragic that every time I get to go to sleep, and since it's a Friday, it's an actual 8 hours of sleep, that that's the only respite or happiness I'll ever get to feel. The history and past I've endured is just as painful five, six, seven years down the road, and the pain never stops, it just remains the same and gets worse over time.

I can't tell anyone this. If I tell my therapist... well then, locked up. You know...?

So here I am, a soul the universe doesn't give a flying fuck about, in constant torture all day, ever day, nonstop, for the rest of my life, and it feels like I'm being stabbed every second of the day.

Insomnia? Of course I have insomnia, I'm always awake. Sleep is too good to be true. Sleep is just simply nearly too good to be true, it only catches me unaware and again, the real tragedy is that sleep is the only time I feel any happiness or bliss at all. I wish on all who brought me to this point be dished back out... not even more... just a fucking equal amount... the same pain you brought to me. Feel it all. I want you to feel every last drop, and taste it, and understand that after you go through hell a million times over like I have, there's no bouncing back.

&amp;#x200B;

There's no bouncing back from this, because you've put me in so much psychological, emotional, and mental turmoil and agony, that I can't even muster up a drop of motivation to even so much as move a muscle anymore. You ruined my life, and all I can do is pray to whatever divine piece of complete you-know-what dishes everything back out onto my enemies.

I know karma isn't real, but I just wish that. There is a limit to forgiveness, and I know in my heart it is wrong for me to forgive you when you have brought me lower than the lowest have been brought to. I hate you with all my heart, and will only be neutralized if I see you suffer as I have suffered, equally.

Not more, no, not more than me, just the same, equal. I want to see you get through this, just with an equal amount of what you dished out to me.