Just need to ventHi everyone,

I posted once before and I used to frequently comment on another account but I want to vent a little. Summary of me, is that I am pretty close to graduating college and I have been getting plenty of interviews and I'm coaching right now for the sport I did in college, which is really fun. Overall though I don't usually feel happy or sad, I feel satisfaction with the people I coach when they do well because that means I'm doing something well. I started exercising again and have just been doing my best to fill up my days with anything to keep me distracted. When I don't have something to do though I get sad and feel lonely, especially if I look on social media and see posts of people hanging out. It seems like I don't have real friends, some people are definitely still my friends but I think they prefer to hang out with people who don't like me. I don't really feel like I have as much anxiety in social situations, but I will never be the person who asks for your phone number or invites someone to hang out unless we've don't it before. I dealt with a lot of issues early on in college and chose to drown my problems in alcohol and drugs, which I don't really touch anymore.

However I haven't really been included/been ignored since the last party I was at when some dude I never met jumped on me from behind and wanted to wrestle. It was a blur but it ended with me holding him down by the neck and someone freaked out and started saying I was back in my old ways when I was depressed. Ever since then my life has felt empty, it seems to me that no matter what I do something bad will happen and if I have been drinking then it's entirely my fault. I have issues and I think I want to go to group therapy but there are none near me so I will probably just start talking on here more.

I doubt a mod will see this but I think it might be nice to add the live chat feature I've seen in other subreddits for  annonymous therapy or something.

Thanks for listening if you do