I dont even know anymoreguess I just need to get this off my chest, maybe I'll feel better but I doubt it.

I'm 24, virgin, still living at home, no skills, little experience, and no future that I can see. I was always fat, cant say I was really bullied(but I think it was because I was the tallest kid in my classes for a long time), but I always heard people talk behind my back. even heard my father talking shit about me to his side of the family, I was like maybe 6-7 at the time, didnt really like him, but that sort of turned it into hate. got over that in my teenage years, didnt have the energy to put into it, so I would just act civil whenever I was forced to be with him.
I got diagnosed with depression when I was 15-16, though I had been dealing with in since I was 11 or so. slowly my group of friends dwindled, I was just trying to hold on to normalcy and ended up trusting some real scum that betrayed me and got me into shit I didnt want to get in to. more or less lost contact with them all, I have one "friend" who I've known since I was a kid that tries to call me every once in a while but I dont pick up. been through shit with him, but he goes through phases of super religious and dirty gangster, and I'm an atheist that left all that gangbanger shit in the past.

when I was like 17, I had the opportunity to get the lapband surgery, it was probably the first thing in years to make me happy. a second chance and all I had to do was see a therapist and take some nutrition/health classes. I did so willingly, even lost a bit of weight, not a whole lot but enough to prove I was willing to do the after care stuff. I finally finish everything and then had to have a meeting with the surgeon. so at this time I was 17, I had dropped out of high school(didnt even really go tbh), but I had taken an online course and gotten it taken care of. the surgeon wouldnt do it because I didnt have a job or in school, this was in like feb or march, I had literally just missed the deadline to sign up that semester but was going to start in summer. he didnt give a shit.
so the whole ride home I was just thinking about killing myself. I was relatively happy for some time and that asshole threw a train of depression at me, one I've yet to get out of.
I continued taking different meds to deal with my depression as well as seeing a therapist. one night I decided to just take a bunch of my pills, hoped that this time I just died. unfortunately I just blacked out for a few hours. woke up on the ground, had knocked some power cables out of the wall. I accidentally told my therapist this, and got put in a psych ward for a week. place wasnt bad but they gave me even more pills.
I never have any luck with pills, I've tried a few different ones but most did nothing, those that did only managed to make my numb feelings turn into complete emptiness. 

I went to community college for a year but pretty much failed every class. I didnt really care as I had no plan, no field I really wanted to get into. so I didnt go back.

few years later, I've had a few jobs, none of them lasted more than 3 months. I would call in with excuses(some were legit, but usually just bs), because I didnt feel like even getting out of bed. 

I have a car, but it died a long time ago. I would really only drive it every 2 weeks or so to go buy some cigarettes and maybe some liquor if I had any extra money. quit cigarettes 2 years ago, mostly because my car died and I dont have the money to fix it, not that I would have anywhere to go. 

I dont really have anything to live for. I used to be pretty good in school before my depression really took hold. my grandmother(who I'm probably closest to in my family, though I dont talk to her really) offered to pay to get me back in school, but I had to tell her I dont think I'm capable of going back. I dont think I can really deal with it or even retain the information.

I've basically been a shut in for the last couple years since I lost my last job. I just lay in bed, roam the net, watch tv/movies. I dont even have the energy to be a participant and play video games anymore. couldnt really tell you the last time I even showered, even longer since I washed what clothes I wear. a lot of time I zone out and daydream of a better life, honestly just makes me more depressed because I know I'll never have it.
honestly the only things that keep me going are the stories in tv shows and comics. but I know those can only keep me for so long, I've slowly stopped caring about even those. I know if I had a gun, I would've probably ended it long ago.

this whole thing is probably disjointed but I wanted to give it a try, cant say it helped.