What follows are some incredibly depressing musings of a suicidal insomniac.⚠️⚠️This gets really sad guys. If you think it will hurt you, please read something else.⚠️⚠️

Lately when people talk about zombie apocalypses or a meteor hitting earth or nuclear destruction, I don’t have the same fear response I used to. I’m almost comforted by the idea. 

I’ve tried to kill myself 3 or 4 times now, depending on how you count it. I’ve resigned myself to being alive, but I’m not always happy about it. Sometimes I am, don’t get me wrong. But I’m constantly dancing between wanting the quiet of death, and wanting a quiet life. When it gets too loud, and too painful, I just want oblivion. Drugs help. But they don’t fix anything.

So when people talk about the end times, I feel a weird mix of sadness, excitement, and calm. I’d be able to die and no one would care. I’d be able to fade from existence and it would be normal. I’m sad that everybody else would have to die, and I don’t want the world to end, not really. But if it did, I’d be fine with it.

Is there any hope for me? Is there any hope for anything? Should we care about hope at all? I was taught that caring about things is the only way to give yourself meaning, but lately it’s hard to care about anything. I get bursts of joy, and each one is shorter than the last.

I dunno. It’s midnight here, and I wanted to type this. It’s just a shout in the darkness that no one will answer. I’m okay with that. That’s all life is anyway. Maybe that’s what makes it beautiful, our collective ability to shout.

If you want to call me ‘deep’ or edgy, go ahead. Right now I feel an absolute slump of emptiness and half baked apathy. Right now I hate myself. Right now I want to die. Any mocking you send me way would be like adding a cup full of misery to a swimming pool full of it.  I won’t hate you for it, I’d understand, so hit me with your best shot. I hope it gives you happiness. I hate myself so fucking much. I’m a fucking edgelord who’s never had an original thought or good thing to contribute to the world. My lukewarm grasp on the English language is the only thing I have going for me.

But, I digress, if the world ends tonight, I wouldn’t be happy or sad, I’d be dead. I’m okay with that.

Goodnight world. I hope we all make it til morning.