I need physical contactHow do you get physical contact?  The lack of contact and intimacy has rendered life pointless and dull with brief bits of panic, like a war. How do you get physical contact? I do not understand why I am wrong, but years of sustained effort show that I am. All I want is physical contact and intimacy. I want what makes life worth living. Why is that too much to ask for? Why is there nothing for me, I do not understand what I did and am always doing wrong. I tried to make this stupid flesh sack more attractive and dressed it up as nice as possible, but ultimately there has to be a drive from another or nothing happens. 

Nothing happens. How do you get physical contact?  I am just waiting for the next downturn in life to kill myself, because without that I sit here getting older. It gets so old wasting time like this, and no other option has ever presented itself or otherwise been found.


How do you all get physical contact? How do you do that? Is it one of those things where eventually unworthy beings just die? Being friendly or useful isn't attractive, being attractive is attractive. Why is there no good in this life?  This is so painful, and why am I wrong?  I understand my body is not ideal but I tried to change it as best I could, and spent so much effort on doing that I once ended up in the hospital from passing out.

Nothing ever worked and nothing is working. I am so very dead inside, my brain is rotting from lack of contact and I can’t make anything happen. This doesn’t make sense unless I’m supposed to kill myself. Nothing about anything ever benefits me unless I get lucky and force it. Even then, it goes away. Why can’t I be attractive enough to be touched?  

Without touch, life is pointless, but not in that “you have a purpose” way, but in the this is pain and nothing but, so just wait for the pain to increase and hope you don’t get too used to it. In that sense, living is actually the problem. I wish I had the courage to fix that problem, because it’s about the only thing that can be. Why is life like this to such a degree? I'd like to believe in agency, but more and more, it seems to only play a role in certain circumstance. Do you even realize some of us don’t even get touched? Do you know what that does to your psyche, personality, and brain? Pain is my only friend, and it doesn’t like me, just likes to hang around.