life sucks more than usual lolthis might be a dumb question but does anyone else have that overwhelming feeling of "i want to die i want to kill myself" for no reason whatsoever 

i've been feeling a lot worse than usual bc of my grandma's death and relationship problems with my bf along with just general shitty life. i don't consider it a shitty life, i'm honestly pretty damn privileged. but damn lol living with emotionally unstable hoarders your entire life takes a lot out of you when ur mind is already fucked up i guess

i usually don't sleep at night anymore and force myself to get exhausted just to feel tired enough to sleep because i'm terrified of having another nightmare, another too good to be true dream, or another wake up to a terrible mood. i exhausted myself, slept for 2 hours, woke up feeling extremely suicidal and my mind literally kept repeating its intrusive thoughts to end it already. 

i didn't even feel right in my own body. i don't know how i was controlling myself. i woke up only because i had to leave the house with my parents to stay with someone else with ac bc the heatwave is terrible so i knew i had to prepare to leave or else i'd get yelled at. i had no motivation to get up and get ready to leave whatsoever but i did it anyways. i don't know how, i don't know who did it. all i heard were my suicidal intrusive thoughts and idk, i guess i was dissociating again because i know the feeling of watching myself go through tasks and shit

i have school so i don't have the time to be this angst lmao. i haven't even started my notes or reading for a quiz that i have due tomorrow, and its a pretty big quiz. 

anyway idk why i'm writing this. just to vent and let something out. i don't plan on killing myself, but the feelings and thoughts are still there everyday, kinda waiting till i burst so maybe i'll actually go through with it. i've tried when i was desperate enough but it just wasn't enough, maybe because i knew i truly had no intentions to do it. i just wanted the pain to stop. ty to whoever reads this mess, dw i'm okayish i just hate feeling low all the time