TW self harm. AITA for asking my boyfriend to go to bed earlier because im having a hard time dealing with him self harming?So my boyfriend (18) and I (19... dunno if it matters though.) both have severe anxiety and depression. Our relationship is great and weve been together for two years. 

Recently my boyfriend has started taking anti depressants/anti anxiety meds and it has been really fucking with him. Hes been trialing new meds every month or so for about three or four months. There havent been any good results so far and within the last week and a half hes started to cut himself. I have been losing my mind about this and trying not to make it obvious since most of his issues stem from feeling like other peoples negative feelings are a result of his actions even if it doesnt always make sense. Hes incredibly hard on himself and clearly we're only just starting to realize the extent of it.

I havent stopped crying. Today I went to the doctors for a check up and she said Im a hot mess to my face (no hard feelings. Shes right) and is putting me on anti depressants. Its been a hard day. Ive never wanted to take them and for about 2 years Ive declined the opportunities ive had to take them but I just cannot cope with this. I have had friends who had some severe self harm issues and saw themselves out of it with time and help so Ive been here before and Ive been doing everything I can but I see it getting worse every day and it just fucking breaks me. I cant just compartmentalize and be a support beam for him like I can for my friends. Its so hard to see someone who is so precious to me hurting like this and I cant keep it inside. He can never know the scale of it. Im worried it would make his self hatred a lot worse.


He plays video games with his friends as a hobby and often times he'll play games with them, they hop off to go to bed etc, and then hes left alone with his thoughts and no one to talk to because at this point its 5 am and no one is alive at 5 am in our friend group. I worry about him not having anyone to talk to. When Im talking to him I feel all this pressure lifted off of me because I know hes safe and okay. I wouldnt ever force him to talk to me or obsessively catalogue where he is or demand to hear everything about everything cause what the fuck thats awful. Ive just noticed this overwhelming feeling of relief. We dont hang out for very long periods of time consecutively usually. He might stay for the night and if I dont have the chance to see him some other day I might swing by his place to say good night but weve been doing that since we got together. 


Anyway, I asked him if he could do me the very odd favor of going to bed around 11pm-1am for me. I mentioned that if he felt that was a little too weird or like overbearing that I would understand if he didnt. He said he would and doesnt seem to have an issue with it but I cant help but wonder if I am being overbearing. 




Additional info: he has a therapist and has been recommended to see a psychiatrist by his doctor. Its all very recent though so he hasnt started the process of seeing anyone new yet. He has told friends and has a support system but sometimes that isnt enough until you can learn to respect and love yourself