I think i’m going to survive this depressive episode. I don’t know if i’ll survive the next one.My girlfriend expressed how frustrated she is with where we are in life recently. We’re both 23 and we went to visit some friends our age. Theyre about to move into a house together, but we just ended our lease without anywhere else to go so we’re living in her parents basement since the beginning of this month. She told me how she thought i would have an IT job but i was too depressed to move some days in school so i stopped working on my degree. I was working at best buy and when i moved closer to her i stayed at lyft for a while and when i finally applied to the best buy near where we live now corona lockdowns started and they didnt hire me. She talked about how exhausting it is to have dated me since we were 17 and having had to deal with my depression the whole time. She doesnt know how to help me when im miserable. Neither do i. 

Im going to therapy soon. I did it when i was a teenager but i stopped going. I dont know why. I dont remember a lot of events during times where i’m in an episode. I only did an intake session so far and they diagnosed me with persistant depressive disorder. Just saying that i’ve always been depressed and that i probably always will be. My first real session is in 2 more weeks. My depressive episodes usually only last 2 or 3 weeks so i should be stable by the time i get there. Until then nothing makes me happy. Ive tried talking to what little friends i have and they didnt seem interested in talking to me. One decided she didnt want to hang out as i walked up to her door last night. I used to think i couldnt commit suicide because of how much of a burden that would be to the people in my life but me realizing that no body especially cares shook that defensive wall i built. I dont know how long this can go on. I have a few methods. I would do it where my body wouldnt be found for a long time. Give people hope that i just ran off and started over. I wouldnt have to break peoples hearts that way.