Hello, just tryna help any way I can.Hey there, my name is Biosane (not gonna use my real name for privacy purpose). I too am a suicidal person, and I tried to kill my self a long time ago after all my past sorrows and pain caught up to me (by making a makeshift noose out of my mothers shoals. I made sure it would not break/rip on me by clinging on it). I decided to roleplay one last time and while roleplaying- I started to talk to a girl who was having a bad day, and because she said she had fun roleplaying with me- that girl is my Ex. Yes, after a few months she confessed she had feelings for me, and we dated for 3 and a half years. She saved me from killing myself and gave me a purpose to live. Unfortunately it wasn't meant to be...so we broke up (it was my fault for the most part). After we broke up, I was depressed for a few months- no suicidal thoughts by then, but after a few months later it started to happen again. All those thought came crashing into my mind again, and this time some of my past locked off childhood trauma came back along with it. This is not her fault, infact I thank her for keeping me alive, and being there for me. All I wish is that she lives a happy life and gets a happily ever after....Anyways, now that I have told you about my suicidal thoughts  (even tho this ain't the full story...), I now want to tell you how I cope with my suicidal thoughts and trying to prevent myself from going to the edge.

1. I listen to sad vocaloid music. They have meaningful and relatable lyrics and gorgeous visuals!
2. I imagine scenarios where I kill myself. successfully, and a future of the effects of my death that has had on people who "Care" about me... (still working on that)
3. Cry, remember point 1? Listen to the music, now remember point 2? Do both at once and then follow point 3... Cry your heart out.
4. Keep shouting at your pillow and pretend those are your inner demons (it's not that effective but it's worth a try)
5. Go to a peaceful area in your city or island and just chill there.
6. After doing all those things, what I like to do is listen to positive or childhood nostalgic songs that keep my spirits high and going for a good while! This is particularly helpful when you do all the above points, and especially should be doing when your doing point 5. 


Thank you, for reading this, I hope this has been helpful even if it is just on a microscopic level. I hope to meet you all one day and be friends( ^_^)
