Fiancé told me about past suicide attempts. How do I help her and process this?Over the weekend my fiancé and I went to her hometown to visit family and friends, and after a number of drinks she told me that the way her family treated her, especially in regards to body image issues, led her to consider/attempt suicide a number of times. One instance involved going to a park and falling asleep, and another involved cutting herself. Her hometown seemed to trigger deep-rooted body and self-worth issues. We’ve been together almost 4 years, and she said the last time these ideation occurred was a couple years ago. She wanted to show me the park, but I drove her home instead and she fell asleep. 

The next day we discussed these issues - she said she wasn’t yet comfortable diving into everything, but wanted to reassure me that the issues were from the past that she’d been burying, and that it’s been a long time since she’s felt that way. I’ve been in bad relationships and know that ours is a relatively healthy one. We’ve both seen therapists in the past, and together we chose a local therapist that specializes in trauma and body image issues. She says we’ll get through this together and we’re excited for our wedding next year.

My question to you is about how to best support her, as well as how to process what just happened. These issues from her past are not new to me, but the severity of them is. I am absolutely terrified of something terrible happening, but we’ve been having healthy discussions about this and she genuinely seems to be in a good place at the present moment, albeit with bottled up issues from her past she must deal with.

I guess the most difficulty I’m having with it, perhaps selfishly, is knowing this might have been happening during the early part of our really great relationship. I feel guilty for not recognizing it, and while I understand her reasons for not freely sharing this experience, I feel like some small part of our early relationship to date has now been clouded a bit. I can intellectually understand that things in our relationship can be good while other unhealed traumas can still be present, but it’s all just a bit scary. Everything in our lives had been going so well, and now here’s a curveball. But most of all I just want her to be ok.