Considering death as the better alternative.Hi! I was originally going to post this on my actual reddit account because I stopped caring what my friends and acquaintances might think but I remembered that some job providers may Google me or check out my Facebook - that's a thing today right? 

Anyway, 
I'm a 24 y/o guy, and have had depression since 17-18 and that eventually led to some pretty extreme social anxiety. I found myself completely frozen and unable to utter a single syllable in the presence of like 4+ people. I just never felt part or home anywhere no matter who the people were, eventually through anti-depressants and some autodidactic training which was very painful to go through.

However, even with anti-depressants I still feel very down and I have pretty much decided that with no improvement in the near future I will most likely go through with suicide. I don't want to struggle for X amount of years, to know maybe someday I have fought so hard to be happy that life is worth living.. the pain I'm enduring now just isn't worth it. I don't feel like I belong anywhere, I don't feel like I have a large enough impact on anyone's lives (family aside) that their lives are going to be directly affected by my absence. OK, maybe they may think "wtf, so weird or sad" for a week or two but that's it, that's how far my legacy goes I don't mean shit to people. I just want to mean a lot to someone, GENUINELY. I'm not here for one of you to tell me otherwise or that it gets better, or have you thought of going for a run. Doing exercise generally makes me more depressed. I am very obese and it's therefore quite challenging to do daily activities. My weight doesn't bother me as much as it should, obviously it makes me self-conscious but I just don't have the energy or motivation to do anything. 

I used to have several conversations with several people, but eventually started realising I initiated almost every conversation, tried to stop doing it to realise I was right. Obviously this is an evil cycle I contribute less to the friendship and the result should be blatant right? But 95% of the friendships I had just stopped when I didn't type to people?

My friends rarely message me, they think I'm an OK person like if I contact them I can have conversations with them - other than that they come when they need help, or very rarely to hang and unless they see something wrong there's no contact. I have a couple of decent friends I talk to on a near daily basis but it's mostly me starting conversations (granted they aren't the best at it) and it's through online chatting in a game we all play daily so it's almost impossible to avoid each other. 

The lack of contact makes me really insecure, why do they not talk to me? What's wrong with me? Why am I not liked as much as they like their other friend, what is it that makes me disposable? They don't directly say it but actions speak louder than words, they can go on ages without me as if nothing is different. Getting close to people and them promising daily conversations and that we'll always talk, just to get to the inevitable point where that's no longer true and I have to get used to talking less and less to eventually never, really has crushed me and given me a high amount of trust issues. 

I don't have an actual education past high school, where I got decent grades as I don't find myself having passion for anything. I tried something for a year and found out it wasn't me and it gave me a lot of fear for choosing the wrong thing once again. I now frequent the job center with what feels like no progress. I feel like I'm a complete waste of oxygen with no purpose or impact on anything. As a result of it all I started distancing myself from talking to people a lot coz the thought of them hurts me a lot, even though it's what I need I know it sounds hypocritical. I try to completely bottle up my feelings when it comes to those people.

I don't want to hear you guys offer a chat. What I'm here for.. I guess are two reasons, 1) maybe offer actual good advice for someone in my situation 2) to vent... I don't feel like I should vent this to my friends it hasn't had any success but this would be a good way to reach a broader target group. 

I have thought of getting a pet, I don't know how that would be as a long term solution but my parents wouldn't let it happen. My mum is frightened when it comes to animals, we had a bunny and it'd completely scare her. I want a kitten or a puppy, animals that interact a lot with you and that you can cuddle. 

How have animals affected you guys? They seem really loving and caring and even if it's from a pet I think it could serve a purpose to me. 

Because of all this I think killing myself will just be the better alternative, the only moments I feel at peace is when I sleep and what's the way to always sleep? That's what makes me think death will sort out everything, I don't know how much more I can take. 