the three letters that ate my futureI'm a 22-year-old gay male and I contracted HIV after months of drowning out my suicidal depression with random sexual encounters with local men while I was studying abroad for a year. After every single encounter (over a dozen over the course of 8 months or so) I would come back to my dorm room and flood my feelings of sluttiness and all-consuming inadequacy with hard liquor. I started cutting and even tried some drugs. Before that I was a model student at a Christian college. Now I am a disease-ridden faggot and an alcoholic and a chain smoker and a college dropout. I fell so far and so fast and I am still tumbling toward rock bottom. The only people that know about my disease are the two people who administered my HIV tests last summer. 

I work as a host in a stupid restaurant and I have to put on a fake smile every day before I go into work or I'll get fired. Beneath that smile are still frames of my body dangling from a noose in a dark closet or spread under a busy overpass in bloody hunks. M y parents are super-devout end-times Christians and have turned away from me, even though they know nothing about my orientation or my diagnosis. I don't have any friends and my roommates are constantly conspiring against me. My brother and sister refuse to communicate with me. My boss and coworkers hate me but also pity me. My health is getting worse and worse every day. I can't focus. My vision is getting worse and worse every day. If I sit still for more than a few seconds I lose all sensation in my arms and legs. 

I can't take this anymore. I CAN'T TAKE THIS ANYMORE. I am supposed to be at work right now but instead I am getting drunk on vodka in my room still in my boxers because i really think I might do it. I know after this time they'll fire me and I'll have nothing to live for and I'll rot away in a garbage dumpster. I hate myself, I HATE MYSELF, I HATE MYSELF, I HATE MYSELF and I DESERVE TO DIE. PLEASE SOMEONE, ANYONE help me. PLEASE, I don't know what I'll DO to myself. I'm so scared of myself and I am a horrible, mentally ill faggot MONSTER, I am a prisoner. I want to TORTURE myself for the pain Ive inflicted on the world and my parents and myself. I'm so sorry to everyone. 