I've had enoughSorry for the long rant in advance.  I have a lot to say, and this is the only way I can get it out.

My dad has really been bothering me lately.  He thinks I'm depressed and he won't stop asking me about it.  He's right.  I am depressed.  Why wouldn't I be?  I have maybe four friends and I almost never see them.  I am still a virgin at 21; I'm turning 22 next month.  I've never been in an actual relationship.  I've come close maybe a couple of times, but the only girl I truly loved used me, presumably used mental illness as an excuse to be an asshole, said we were never "official," and then threw me away for someone else behind my back, after telling me to kill myself.  I have not been the same since then.  She's been in several relationships since then, and I'm sure she's happy with the new guy she's with now... until she's not.  A few months after she threw me away, one of my best friends was killed in an accident.  Killed me.  My dad was then diagnosed with cancer, and you know what?  Part of me wishes it killed him.  Horrible of me to say, right?  No.

I have been living with a rapist and child molester my whole life.  My dad used to force me into having sex with him when I was young.  No one knows.  My mom has a bad relationship with him, but she doesn't know.  This fucking guy has the nerve to be up my ass all the time, asking me if I'm ok every second of the day, when this motherfucker is probably the reason why I am the lonely, antisocial, and miserable piece of shit that I am today.  Maybe that's a cop out - but it has to play some part in me not being able to form relationships with people, right?  I've lived with a man who raped me when I was a child for my whole life.  There is no way out - no evidence, nothing.  There is no use in reporting it to anyone - it would only make things worse.  My mom doesn't work and she can't even drive.  If my dad were gone, we'd be poor, especially since I can't find a fucking job.  That's a whole different story.

Bottom line is this - Ive lived my entire life with someone who raped me, and they have the balls to question why I'm depressed.  I am lonely as hell, and that is the biggest problem.  I sleep all day and go nowhere because I have no one to see and nothing to do.  I don't matter to anyone.  On top of that, I'm a recent graduate with a degree I don't care about.  I can't find a job.  If I get a call back, it's never from a job I would enjoy doing, so I never follow up  I think I'm just aware that I'm going to hate it.  Either Im an unemployed bum, or I'm employed and also miserable because it's a job I don't want.  My interests are in writing, sports, travelling, music, and video games.  It's kind of hard to get into those industries with a business administration/management degree.  I don't know.  Sorry if this seems like a pity party.  I just needed to write to get this off my chest.  I don't know what to do.  It's just funny how everyone else seemingly has it better than me - lots of friends, good relationships with their parents, significant others, jobs... a reason to go out and live.  I don't have any of those things. My life is incredibly broken and I just want to give up.