I want to kill myselfNeed to know: I'm not a native english speaker so i may have a few gramatic horrors there.
Hi, i'm 18 years old, i deal with depression since i am ten or eleven and dealing with anxiety since i have memory.
When i was a child it was less evident to my parent that was something wrong with me. I itched my head 'til make me wounds and my dad had to watch me very closely to make sure i was not itching my head again. Then i was five or six years old. Then i started biting my fingers and i've removed skin and make myself bleed (i still doing it but is not that serious and i try not to do it), in that time i was 10 i guess. When i was thirteen i pulled my hair and still biting my fingers hardly and it looked horrible. That year i started getting psychological attention, i had a therapist for a long time, but i didn't came for depression issues, i was there because i was bad at school. I was bullied too but i've never told my dad because i never thought it was something anormal, i didn't have good friends and that type of behaviour it was normal for me. 
my twelve and thirteen years were the worst at that time, i've fighting with my dad almost everyday and had anger issues, but still don't get psychological help, just academic, they never noticed how bad i was feeling or how sad i was. My self steem was really low at that time, but i've never thought in killing myself util i turned 15, it was when everything were becoming worse, i wanted to hurt myself or i just wanted to disappear i said to myself that i wasn't suicidal, that i'll never try to kill myself, but i was just lying to myself, i started cutting and having trouble with my dad because of my missbehaviour, i was just anger and sadness. 
a few months after turning 17 i tried to kill myself with a tons of pills and i get hospitalized, the worst four days in my life, i felt like shit i just wanted to get out of there. this year i startedt getting psychiatric help, have one med for depression and another for distress, but i don't feel like its working. My psychiatric is also really mean to me. My grandmother told her that i sleep all day and that she see me apathic and she said to her i was just lazy, and i was there just looking at her like "this is the type of help i get?" seriously, every session i have with her i end up crying. I'm a sensitive person and she was attacking me, telling my dad to take my stuff aways that i am just a teenager with missbehaviour issues and she also compared me with a seven years old, that hit me so bad, my dad called my retarded one time when i was younger (like 13) and even if it was a joke or not i can't forget it, i feel stupid. My dad called my names a lot when i was younger. When i was too timid to ask someone something he said that i was dumb and slow. My mom its my best support on the family, but she said hurteful things too. She wanted her "girl" back, when i used dresses, and i loved to be in photos. Now i don't do anything like that, i hate my body and see myself is disgusting to me, and she complains a lot about it,i am nothing that both of my parents want me to be.
Since i was 15 i deal with suicidal thoughts, and i hate myself for it, i don't have bullies anymore, nothing serious happends to me for making me feel this way and i feel guilty for that. 
I really wish i was dead, this is NOT a phase, i have those problems half of my life and just this year i received help and it was just because i attempted suicide i don't want to deal with this anymore.