Today I couldn't stop thinking about why I am still alive...Today I (25M) had to take a 1/4 of a Clonazepam pill to calm my mind, I cried for hours on bed feeling that my existence is really of no importance and forgettable. 

My ex, with whom we ended our relationship in good terms, told me this morning that she met someone cool and it made me feel really like shit. I haven't been able to met anyone since we broke up, I made accounts on many dating sites and got no matches at all, feeding even more my insecurity. 

I feel like my friends are tired of my depression, since no one has spoken to me in months and when I spoke to some of them, it was short and tense. 

I used to be living with my girlfriend and since we broke up, I had to come back to my mother's house and am currently sleeping on the living room. I haven't been able to get a job because I get really scared around people. 

I am supposed to be studying but I missed most of my classes on my second year because of, again, being scared of going out and facing other students. I have to go tomorrow to not lose the year I completed but just the idea of going over there makes my stomach turn and they aren't answering my emails or just telling me I have to be there in person. Honestly I feel that if I died, my ex wouldn't miss me too much since she already has met a lot of cool people and my family would have one mouth less to feed and a living room to use. My friends haven't spoken to me in months so I don't think it would affect them too much and I don't see it in myself to cure my mind, I don't have any money and the public services here are really bad, giving an hour with a psychologist once a month if lucky. 

My neck and back hurts from bad posture, my balls hurt from an old uinary infection, I'm weak since I never got to do much exercise because I had asthma when I was little. The only thing keeping me from killing myself is that I'm a coward who is scared of the pain that comes with death by your own hand and I'm scared of drinking or taking drugs because I know that deep inside I really want to die and maybe drunk me would do it. 

I don't know why I'm writing this, I don't feel that words can change or help me, I just want to write how I feel and if someday I do it... I don't know. 

Many many many thanks to all the people who give advice and try to help on this sub, you are some of the humans that give me hope on our fucked up species and sorry for the long text and bad english, it isn't my first language (I live in Chile).