After years of contemplation, I'm ready.**This will be long.**

Let's start from the beginning.

My first memories were at 4/5 being raped, molested and beaten by a woman my dad was with. Abuse, yelling, physical assault... a lot of hell this woman put me through. I've tried throughout the years to pretend it's done nothing... yeah.

My dad found out... or something... and we left her... only for me to be molested by my dad until I was 12. I had started masturbating at 7 because of all this abuse. But one night when I was 12, I woke up to my dad fondling me, and I took a stand and said I wasn't sleeping in his bed with him anymore. He tried some bullshit explanation, as if he felt guilty, and tried to "show me" how to play with my dick but not masturbate. I didn't sleep in his bed again.

I disconnect myself from that little kid sometimes, and wish I could rescue him from the hell he went through. But that little kid was me, and no one was there for me but me. My relationship with him now is actually not that bad. We don't have any emotional connection, because he's a "rough n tough" "hide yer feelins" or whatever macho bullshit. Luckily all the abuse in my life hasn't hurt my desire for intimacy and love.

And my real mom has always been a dumb piece of shit. REALLY long story(s).

In High school things kept going downhill. Up until then things were simple. Act like a goofball or be any bit interesting, you had friends. From 12-14, aside from a close black friend of mine trying to rape me in the ass (luckily he didn't know where the asshole was) school was ok. But I was religious and didn't want to have sex, drink, do drugs... etc. And that's most of what everyone in my school would talk about and do. This was when I started spending a lot of time with my little brother. He was my shadow throughout these years.

From 14-17 I skipped school, got in a lot of trouble for stupid boring shit, and just all around hated life. Almost killed myself at 17. But to avoid jail for not going to school (lol) I went to a "military" youth program living on base for 6 months to get my GED. Probably one of the coolest times in my life, at first. I hated the program after 4 months. LONG story. Luckily no rape involved. :D

At 19 I dated my first girlfriend, and lost my "virginity" to her. She was fat and ugly, but I just wanted something to live for. I wanted the sappy romantic love. She had a 1 year old. I was trying to give myself something, find something, have a reason to wake up in the morning. Not much time went by and she cheated on me, so I left her.

At 21 I met a girl, the only one I feel I ever loved. She was average attractive, but was almost just like me with religious beliefs. She was 29. After talking for 4 weeks, we moved in together. She was in Georgia. We were both crazy about each other, and unfortunately just crazy, too. The fighting and arguing (usually over sins and religious stuff) got worse and worse. We fed off of each other's craziness, and I knew it couldn't go on like that. So I told her I was going back to Texas to get a job (I had tried the 6 months we lived together. Over 600 job applications and nothing stuck.) so we could be together and I could "make a house for her" as the bible said. She met a new guy to be with 2 weeks later. So much for love. My brother, the only intelligent constant in my life, had become an extension of myself almost. We were inseparable.

In 2016 I became an atheist. I realized the reasons I cared about living (or thought I did) were bullshit, and from then until recently I fought to find who I was and what I wanted out of life. I worked with my dumbass dad (who I've essentially lived with all my life) and took his finances to an awesome level. In 1 year we paid off our house of 20 years, bought a new truck (all our vehicles were wore out and old) got rid of all the redneck white trash shit in the yard, and have planned a lot of cool shit. Shortly after becoming atheist, my brother also became atheist. But we had ANOTHER fall-out recently, and I'm convinced he likely has never loved me as I thought he did. Again... long fucking story(s).

I'm miserable. Sometimes I'll get happy and think life will be good, my dad and I will finish remodeling this piece of shit house and sell it for a big payday, then I'll use the money to create my own job of flipping houses... hell I've even lost 40+ lbs in the last 4 months because I started watching sugar/salt/carb intake and dieting... but I'm lonely and miserable 90% of the time regardless. I hate seeing couples together happy and shit. I wonder why the hell I can't have someone love me, or even want to fucking spend time with me. Just 1 or 2 fucking friends that value me. I used to have online friends, and that all fell apart within the last year. Nothing ever lasts. All I have is my molesting stupid dad who I can't talk to about anything serious. I don't hate him or anything, I love him, but it seems like I will continue down this spiral of not caring. I just want to die and end this stupid meaningless existence. All I really want out of life is love and happiness, and I just can't seem to get or keep either. So it's like... why? Why continue? Is this really how pathetic it is to be human?