I'm stuck and losing my mind more each dayI'm working 2 jobs in the restaurant industry right now. This week, I am about to work 5 doubles in a row, mustering up only 3 hours of sleep each night. I don't feel good at all. I feel like throwing up. I know that working in a restaurant is terrible for my depression, but this is all I have done and all I can afford to do with what's on my resume. I am trying to study also to get IT certifications, but I haven't had the time to do that.

It doesn't help that I haven't been enjoying myself at work. I'm fairly new in one of the restaurants I am working at, and right now I'm doing very poorly. Yesterday, I accidentally dropped an entire tray of ramekins in front of the executive chef. He wasn't too fond of me to begin with. It is also the second time I made that mistake, and I've only been here for a month. At the other job, I am actually very good at what I do, and I am on very good terms with the owner. However, I'm not on good terms with anyone else. Everyone else is lazy, and I get overworked picking up the slack for them. The place is very poorly managed, so there is no one else to get them to work harder. All I wanted was for everyone to work as a team, and I tried for months to get everyone to do that, and now nobody talks to me.

I'm not seeing a psychiatrist or a therapist because I don't have health insurance right now (and I can't get it until the marketplace opens up in November), and I don't have the money to do so. All I really want to do is go to my girlfriend, but she is in a foreign country completing school. We are going to stay long distance for another year and a half. I see couples everywhere, especially at work, and it hurts that I can't be physically close with the person I love.

I need the income from both of my jobs. I make about $800 a week together. If I quit without a plan, then I feel like I have let myself and my girlfriend down, that I quit my efforts to pay $40000 in college debt, and that I really don't deserve to live anymore. But at the same time, I can feel myself losing my mind more and more each day. There hasn't been a day these days that I go without a mental breakdown. This is the first time in a while that I thought about ending it all. I know I'm not going to, but at the same time, I don't know what the hell I'm going to do so that I can get myself under control again.