I feel disconnected from the real world.I have lived 23 years (though that's not my true, inner age), but I still live at home. I am a full-time student and have a part-time online job that only pays enough to cover what tuition I owe after pell grants and scholarships. I have no sort of ambition or interest in the real world, my real life. I spend all day fantasizing about dead celebrities and aching over how badly I wish to befriend them. I play a lot of video games and spend a significant amount of time researching topics that won't necessarily have any use in a career. I rarely leave my room and can't remember the last time I left my house.

I'm experiencing anxiety about returning to school next week. I hate it there. I like what I'm studying, but I hate being around other people in a classroom setting. It makes me super uncomfortable. It makes me feel trapped, stifled, and out of control. I swore to myself after high school that I would never put myself through that hell again, but last year reality decided to pay me a short-lived visit and I realized I would never have a chance in life if I didn't go to college and get a degree. The thing is, I have no desire to work or have a career of any kind–I just figure that if it's a choice between some blue collar, manual labor job or something I'm at least somewhat interested in and will make me better money, I'll go with the latter. I've always been a good student (quite above average, actually), but believe me when I say I do NOT like school. I only push myself to succeed because 1) I feel like most of what little self-worth I have is tied to my academic success, and 2) I understand that I won't get anywhere in life if I just flunk out of everything.

I'm aromantic-asexual, which means I don't feel romantic or sexual attraction to anyone. As a result, I feel extremely isolated and lonely. I think a big misconception about people like us is that we don't want love or relationships–not true. We just don't want the kind of love that's like, "Omg, I want to date you and have sex, blah, blah..." I would really love to have a mentor type adult figure, but I can't find anyone like that. Every adult in my life treats me like one of them, even though I'm not. I'm transage, meaning that although I've lived 23 years, my inner age hasn't matured past about 14. It causes me more distress than you can imagine to know that I will never receive the type of love I so desperately long for. I hate myself and feel like such shit every day for being emotionally deprived.

It might sound insane, but I'm not jealous of my celebrity platonic crush's wife, but of any potential future granddaughters he might have. He has no female descendants as of yet, but I realize there is still time for that to change. Yes, I know it's crazy, but I literally would be jealous of him having a little girl. It's a huge fear of mine. I want to be his little princess that he spoils and protects. Not his literal daughter or granddaughter, as I'm happy with my own family, but you get the gist. That kind of relationship, more or less. Again, I have no desire whatsoever to be with him in a romantic sense, so this isn't a typical "crush" in that I want to marry him or anything in the afterlife, but instead be his little friend. You know the kind of relationship Jacob has with Renesmee in the Twilight books? That sort of thing.

Like I said, I really don't have any goals or dreams in life. It's basically just going through the motions for me because I feel like I have no other choice. My only true heart's desire is to have animals and to meet my celebrity platonic crush in heaven. But the animal dream isn't enough to make me want to stay on this earth; to have to endure a lifetime of working outside the home, suffering, and emotional isolation. There is nothing I look forward to. I feel tired and sluggish most days, filled with anxiety over the next time I have to leave the house.

The thought of having to function in the real world as the adult I'm NOT makes me sick and full of dread. Even if I did have career goals, I would still be a transage freak who will never have her "Jacob." Simply put, I wasn't meant for this planet, and I'm starting to finally accept that. I feel like I'm one of those people that would seriously just be better off dead. I'm not happy here, and I'm tired of the pain.