Can't do it anymoreHi. Sorry in advance for so much writing. I tend to do it. 

 I just want to end it all. I can't put up with all of this anymore. I have depression, OCD, EDS (Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome), and POTS (Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome), and it's all just too much to bear. I'm only 17 and I have so so so many nice things... but I just can't enjoy life. I don't think I've ever been able to enjoy life. I don't think I want to list out everything that sucks... there's so much. But the worst part of it all is that I live in a nice house, I have nice things, nice furniture in my room that I picked out, nice clothes, nice parents, two nice cats of my own, I'm going to a nice nice new private school this year, I have nice EVERYTHING, but I'm so messed up. It feels like I'm being teased. I feel like a spoiled, ungrateful brat. I'm just a horrible person and I don't want to exist anymore. Except I shouldn't die. It would hurt my parents and grandma too much. Never mind about friends, I only have 2, and one I only know online. Any other "friends" I had stopped talking to me altogether when I went on Homebound in December. None of them ever knew what happened to me; that I was so sick I could hardly get out of bed to just to sit on the couch all day. One even thought she never saw me anymore because I "switched" French Classes. 

I've already written a lot so I'll try to keep this part short. A few days ago I wrote a note when looking at my dad's shotgun, but I couldn't find the bullets. Tonight I spent at least 60 minutes looking for a rope in the garage. Eventually I resorted to my dad's (empty) deer-hanging-rack with yellow rope hung right in the middle of the garage. I fucking forgot how to finish a noose and my dad came in when I was untangling it. Ran upstairs, writing this right now. I know he loves me, but that makes it all hurt even more. He'd be devastated, but I'd be dead so I wouldn't hurt. 

I sound like such a horrible, ungrateful, selfish, ignorant, dramatic teenager. And I assure you, I am all those things. That's why I don't want to live anymore. Im a horrible person and I hate myself. I just don't know what to do. My parents threatened to call 911 tonight because of how insane I was becoming... I wouldn't mind that, but it's scary, and school starts soon (at my new freaking PRIVATE SCHOOL). God, I'm so awful. I'm afraid to die, but I don't think living like this is an option for me much longer. 

I don't know if I'll actually do it, since I truly don't want to, but every few days I am pushed over the edge a little more and I can only go so far out. 