Tonight's the night &lt;3I made the decision that tonight is the night I die. 
I'm not upset, all I feel is euphoria.
Knowing that life can take me away at any time makes me upset, and it's my time right now, 
it's my decision. 
I just wanted to let the people that have helped and read through my depressing posts, thank you. You've helped me more then you will ever know. 
I'm not looking for pity, I don't want anyone to tell me my life is worth living, or my family would be hurt and its a selfish decision, it doesn't solve anything blah blah blah. 

I'm not even depressed at this point, or saddened by the fact that all my memories, every one of my experiences and encounters are about to leave reality. 
The people who once cared about me are gone, I destroy everyone I try to connect to.
Right now I have no one. 
I sincerely hope you all succeed and get past your problems and negative encounters, Keep your head up and continue living this life. 
I don't have much more compassion left in me and the last bit is going to you all. 
My small love for humanity is directed at the loving and caring people of reddit who talk people out of suicide every day, who snap people out of depression and convince people their lives are gonna end up better.
You're all heroes. 
Much love to you all. 
Have a great night &lt;3

*Update
It's been about 11 hours since I made this post, honestly I'd like to keep it up seeing that it made a few people happy to see my progress.. 
Was truly in the worst state I've been in last night, body tingling, heart beating so fast with excitement.. 
It's horrible but I truly was excited to be rid of this world. I feel insanely better now, I've reached out to the few people around me and I'm pulling myself together, I wanted to thank you all again for your kind words and support, truly all of you have helped me in so many ways.
I know it's silly and I got the help I needed, but I'm a bit embarrassed if I'm being honest, I never thought it'd come to this, I don't know why or how last night didn't go down a different way, but I'm glad it didn't. You people are amazing, I've connected more with all of you then I have with anyone irl in years. And seriously it feels fucking magical. I feel like I have a fresh start in front of me right now. 
I love you all. Again, thank you all so much, feel free to PM me anytime, as I'd like to give back the love and support all these people have given me. 

&lt;3