What’s the purpose in life? It’s not even worth living... please just take the time to readOther than striving to make something of myself in life, what’s the actual point? Perhaps I’m meant to have a family I can love, support, and try my best for. Maybe I’m supposed to do God’s will and give the good news before the rapture. Even if this is the case, life seems as if it has the same goal for every fucking person on this planet. Make money, survive.

Love is superficial and sparse and earth is filled with hate. This world is a fucked up ball evil; people are starving, getting murdered over nothing, being sexually and physically abused everyday because they have a dead beat dad that loves the bottle. Everything imaginable that can go wrong goes wrong in this world and there is no denying it. Who actually wants to live through this? 

As for me personally, my family is well off; I don’t get abused or anything to the extreme but I do get yelled at quite frequently by my father over minor inconveniences so he tells me I need to use my brain and all that. The school system fucked me over; I’m terrible at timed multiple choice so I get shitty grades and AP tests and ACT stuff so there goes my chances of making something of myself. My social life has become a mess; I lost my 7 year best friend to one of my good girl friends so now they do their own thing by themselves usually without including me. I don’t have many other friends and the ones I talk to or hang out with occasionally tell me to shut up or tell me that no one likes me or essentially make me feel like an idiot or like I have no friends. The girl of my dreams lead me on and left me in the dirt without explanation I’m still getting over it. Making friends is hard, for some reason people think I’m weird or an idiot so I get bullied sometimes and I never get close with anyone. 

I’m going into my senior year of high school without any idea of where I want to attend college. For some reason I can’t land a fucking job, I feel useless and like a failure to everyone and my family. I get told I’m stupid and bad at everything I do by me soon-to-be ex-best friend and in everyone in general. The fuck am I supposed to? I suck at school, I’m losing friends and can’t find any, I’m broke as fuck cause no one will hire me, oh and I forgot to mention that I’m no good at anything: sports, video games, the usually things kids my age do with each other. I’m constantly depressed and unmotivated to do anything and overall I hate my fucking life. 

I will continue to lay in bed and cry on the fucking floor hoping to finally get the guts to end it all and to finally be at peace.