Thinking it’s overHad a kid earlier this year and it wasn’t what I expected at all. Everyone always talks about how beautiful and perfect it will be when you see your kid for the first time but that’s not how it went for me at all. 

My wife had complications and we went to the hospital at 8 months and they said that we had a choice of waiting 24 hours to see if her blood pressure went down or we could induce right away. I said since she’s obviously in danger we should induce and she agreed. It wasn’t what either of us wanted and we weren’t ready. We hadn’t finished all the stuff we wanted to do to get our house ready and just felt under prepared. Labor and delivery took almost 36 hours and we had a healthy baby boy at 6 pounds who didn’t need to go to the NICU. It was shocking and stressful for both of us and I was honestly more concerned with my wife being healthy than my son.

Fast forward 4 months and our kid seems like he’s cried non stop. We’re stressed out and my job requires me to leave for  16-18 hours a day for a month straight every 3 months. I’m in the middle of one of these months and my wife calls me on a walk and says she is just over everything hates our son sometimes and just wants to jump in front of a car. I immediately leave work not even caring what it would do to my job and go to talk to her. She tries to act like everything is ok but I’m still shook from what she said and she’s said things a couple of other times that make me think she’s not ok. I end up calling an ambulance and she gets out on a med hold in a psychiatric hospital where they do nothing other than keep her locked up for a couple of days. 

Fast forward 5 months from that. We’ve done everything we can to repair our relationship. Our son is growing and doing well but my wife hates me. She doesn’t trust me. Her family acts completely disconnected from me and everyone thinks I was just being dramatic and punishing my wife for saying she was upset. I don’t know what do do anymore. My wife doesn’t think anything I do with our son is correct and says she loves him more. She literally said that. And when I’m watching him and he cries she thinks I did it. 

On top of all that my time in the military has broken my empathy. I just don’t care she’s upset I don’t care when my son cries and I don’t care that our family’s all don’t like me. That’s why I’m considering ending it. I’m trying to decide if a care and I’m thinking I really don’t.