I think I'm going to kill myself.I don't know how to start this. I'm too embarrassed to call a hotline, and my usual support group is either asleep or unavailable.
But I'm really worried I'm going to kill myself today. 

I've never felt this ashamed of myself in my entire life. Last night, I kicked my dog, whom I love to pieces, in the stomach. Hard. He squealed, as he's never done before, and ran away. I tried to comfort him, and tried to say sorry. Then...today...I had to almost physically restrain myself. I put him on his back, and just sat, looking at him, trying to control myself. He has Cushing's disease, and we can't afford to treat it. He drinks huge amounts of water, then pees all over the floor. I've been cleaning it up for months. I stink of it. It's in my clothes, staining my feet, my fingernails are going yellow. 

I'm just so stressed. I feel alone. And I hate myself more than I ever have before. I abused my best friend. I deserve to be locked up. I'm a grown man, early 20's, and I'm living with my parents, and they argue SO VICIOUSLY, as they have done all my life, and then tell me it's fine, it's okay. I feel like I'm caring for three dogs all on my own, while waiting for my job application to come through, while applying for the army, and all I can think about is how angry I got last night. I want to slam my head against the wall so I'll not do it again.

He doesn't deserve this, but I just got so angry. I'd left him a BIG bowl of water, and then a smaller bowl for the other two dogs, and when I saw him drinking out of the other one I just wanted him to stop. This morning, he'd flooded the floor with dog pee, and I just sighed and got on with it.

This is the worst I've felt in a year. I'm so stressed out and I haven't been able to do the usual things I do to deal with it.

I realise some people might want to call the police on me, have my dog taken away, and I'm sorry, I know, I agree, but please don't. He's my best friend. He's just so ill right now, and I can't help, and I love him. Hopefully we'll be able to start treating it come Saturday.

I've done it before. I got REALLY angry with him a month ago. I used to beat on him when I was younger and he was just getting used to us. I couldn't talk to anyone, and he was just SO frustrating, and the only person who really cared, and yet all I could think when he ran away on a walk was blind-red anger. But I'd stopped, I swear, I'm so sorry. I'd controlled it, and I love him so much.

I want to kill myself. I really, really do. I'm meant to be going to a friend's house today, and all I want to do is throw myself infront of a train. I've never felt this ashamed of myself. I'm sorry. I deserve to die. 