I think this might be last thing I typeI was born in extreme poverty. How extreme? At point of time , My father and his siblings had to gather wheat grains fallen while transporting them for food. But when I was born , my father was working hard to give me two times a day food with help of my mother.

Growing up I was a unruly boy. I was all over place. Screaming &amp; attacking etc doing all crazy sort of things. Because of lack of education, my parents didn't knew any better nor they could afford any of my medical expenses. Since they thought I was just being general asshole , they started punishing me physically. My mother has put powdered chilly in my eyes and throat countless times this continued until 13 . On other side,  my school started to get more shitty , As there were lots of bullies that bullied me. At age of 15 , I tried to commit suicide, I tried to jump off of my school building. Also what contributed is death of paternal grandparents , my maternal grandfather and my paternal uncle. They were really close to me, and until that point they were the only people that  gave me nice things like toys , A $1 toy was fortune for me.

Later, well into adulthood, I found out that I have ADHD , and because of my past, I have sever depression, anxiety &amp; PTSD.

But My father and mother worked hard none the less and put me and my younger brother through engineering college ( I took 10 years for 4 years school). Now I work as engineer, and because all of mental issues, I have no one.But I had friend tho , she went through bad child hood experience has child hood as I did. She lives half way across the world. I used to talk to her daily. But she is now busy in school and word and don't have time to talk to me.

Now , I am 30 . I   have no friends , I live in decent house but no one is here except me . I have no one that loves me anymore . I don't talk to anyone. I go to work 9 come back at 6, and that is it. I have no one who loves me anymore , no one. And because of my anxiety I can't get into dating scene 

I have long thought about this over several times , I keep asking myself a question what I have to give to this world. I have nothing, Nothing.

So Yesterday , I got some potassium cyanide from work. I might try to off myself in couple of days. I have taken sick leave for couple of days . I might take it some point in couple of days.

&amp;#x200B;

PS: I don't blame my parents for anyone of this. She didn't knew better.