I found something that helped me a lot.I don't know if this is going to help anyone, but I know it helped me. For a few weeks now, I've been spiraling down a very destructive nearly suicidal path. The other day, I was sitting in a cafe and I wrote this down. Ever since I wrote it, I woke up and found reason to live again. I guess it's a wake-up call. I figured sharing with you guys I might help someone and also feel a little better myself.

&gt;26 November 2012: Life has gotten very hard lately. It's hard to wake up in the morning. All the little things that made me happy are slowly turning to diminishing memories. She and I are falling apart at the seams... quickly. My one constant rock I've had for the past year is getting harder and harder to reach out to. I think about our future together and it's starting to get bleaker and bleaker. It's depressing to think that the woman you love and want to marry is slowly turning into this unknown person - someone you used to know everything about and now know nothing about. It's time to be honest. I'm coming to terms with it: I have decided that I want to die by my own hand. I don't know how I'm going to do it, but these thoughts are too much to handle. My family doesn't love me as much as they used to. My fiancee only looks at me with remorse or fear that one morning I'll turn up dead. Honestly, she has the right. I live far away from what I used to call home. I have no friends here. I'm far into debt. I don't want her to have to pay for anything once I do it. So it's a good thing we're not married. Once I save up enough for some of the after costs, I'll put the money somewhere and write a note with the details. I don't know how I'll do it yet. Too afraid of guns. Probably euthanasia. Maybe I'll crawl to the top of a mountain w/no supplies. Maybe through myself off the bridge. Who knows. But it's for the best. I'm tired...

Names have been omitted. Other than that, there are no edits to this post. Also, I moved 2,500 miles away from home, so I feel like that was a big part as to why I felt like that. Writing this was a really big wake up call. I realized that I still have some life to live. I don't have a deadline anymore because I'm not going to do it. I really hope you guys who are thinking of ending your lives have a little of shimmer of hope, too. I'm thinking of you. I've been there, and it does get better. 