Okay, I've had it.I am gonna summarize what is happening right now and why. You are going to try and make me feel better (I hope).

First off, This is not a recurring thought. But i have been spiraling downwards to the point where i am now. Desperate and lonely. 

Now dont get me wrong. I am a social, likeable guy. But I honestly do not feel like i am able to face the challenge that is life. 

Mostly I feel like a disabled person. I suffer from mild schizophrenia, take medication, and thats that. I was diagnosed with something along the lines of aspergers or whatever that means. That is not an excuse, but rather me trying to make something logical of it all.

Always been interested in stuff that happens around me, Head in the clouds, kind of an asshole child. Momma loved me too much, the world ... not so much. Grew up with my dad and thats it. He only had a loose grip on me and my education. Providing me with basic knowledge of human nature and honesty, being a good guy. Kind of eradicating the mistakes my mother made. He's an awesome guy and one of the reasons i hold on to life.

Finished high school with minor effort but much fear, did a good but not awesome grade on it and thats that. Still to this day, fear is one of the biggest driving factors behind me. Fear of not being good enough, fear of social decline, fear of dying alone. Fear.

So basically the next step was college. Law school. Big LOL. Sucked ass. I didnt see me going anywhere. So thats that. Next semester I started a liberal arts major, Mixture of philosophy and linguistics. I dig that. 
Thats where I met him. He. That guy. Demon. Mephistopheles. A bad yet enticing guy. We got along very well from the start, although he loathes my major. He has discipline and the will for perfection. And he wants to see that in me. 

So thats what happened. We had a good run and decided to become roomies. I thought it would work out. Really.

I didnt do much for some semesters and thats fine with me. I am a lazy person and i pass my exams. Thats what counts, is what i tell myself. He makes me feel bad for all the grades I bring home. He makes me feel bad for using reddit. For spending time on the internet. For not having that will to perfection.

He keeps making snide remarks and creating an atmosphere of pressure, as well as he keeps making me feel inferior to him.

I go to the gym. He goes there now too, doing double the sets I do, with double the weight. His response? "Competition is a big motor. I'd love to have someone to compete with."

He keeps showing up at 3 am, telling me about his female exploits. He just walks in on me masturbating, playing video games, sits on my bed, exposes his muscular body and tells me how much women like him. I object that I dont want to hear that. Obviously he is making me feel bad: I am not good in pursuing women, mostly because I am lazy. I look dope, of that i am sure. 6'4", muscular, blonde. I dig myself and its definitely not my looks. I am selfconscious about my charakter. 

HE is making me feel inferior to him in EVERY way. And that is pushing me.

So i may have drunk too much coffee. So i cannot sleep. So thoughts race through my head.

I feel unfit to meet life.

I feel unfit to love and receive love.

I feel unfit to ever achieve anything.

I feel unfit to meet my fathers expectations (Although they are low. Yet he alluded that he wants to have grandchildren and me in an intellectual working position.)

I just want to sit in the bathtub and ram a knife in my throat. Bleed out for 10 Minutes and never care again.

Yet i feel compelled to do something. But I also feel I am not strong enough.

So, SW. Youre not going to tell me to DO IT FGT, but maybe you can give me reason to NOT do it. Be Nice.

Yours sincerely.

(Typos are derived of sleep deprivation.)
