20/M I love youI don’t know who you are. I don’t know if I will ever find someone to say this in person, but I don’t care. My name is Thomas. I am me, and I don’t know who you are but I love you.

I am writing this in the aftermath of yet another flashback. I’ve relapsed and self harmed again even though I’ve promised not to. I’ve decided that since there is a real possibility that I will not last much longer I will tell someone my story before I depart. I wish I was stronger, but in the face of pain there are no heroes.

This will be the only autobiography I will ever write.

I was born in Singapore on the 12th of June, 1999. I grew up in an apartment, with books, the telly (watching cartoon network and disney channel) and a PS2 which I played for most of my waking hours. My parents were absent during this time, working from dawn till dusk in a company they founded. I have a sister, and she was born on the 14th of April 2002. 

My case is classic: I was bullied quite severely in my childhood, due to incongruent behavior stemming from then-undiagnosed autism. I ask too many questions, and I have always until depression silenced that capacity. My parents have always beaten and insulted me. They believe that it will make me stronger. 

Mother developed Stage II breast cancer sometime in 2005, and my parents had always blamed me for it; Father said that the illness was catalysed by the stress of rearing an atypical child.

Something broke inside me soon after, when I lied about losing my calculator at school. My father drove me home and told me to find it else I will get the stick again. I remember wrapping myself in a jacket with cardboard with a freakish grin while sobbing. I don’t know why, but ever since I have always smiled whenever I am in sorrow or pain. I suppose it is sort of a mask. If I am not laughing I would be screaming. 

I was first thrown out of my home punitively in 2013 when I was 14, for arguing with my father. I recall wandering in a park without my spectacles and showering with a sink in a public bathroom at a café . I remember really alone and that feeling has never left me since. 

My mother has always told me to submit and accept injustice, because life will never be fair.

But it was my integrity that was important. Is that so selfish of me? It sells for so little, but it's all we have left in the face of the abyss. It is the very last inch of every one of us. But within that inch I am free. 

I did well for my GCSEs in 2015, and had straight A\* on the card. Mum was very proud. There was a brief reprieve from the violence then, and I went to the best finishing school in my area. I thought it would be a new life for me, and I would make new friends. I didn’t, and I even craved past times, where people’s distate for me was more overt. 

In the summer of 2015, Mother’s cancer spread to her dura and she had to get a shunt to pipe excess brain fluid into her stomach. She wasted away soon after, and I tried to delude myself about the inevitable by concentrating on school. I skipped a few hospital visits for my exam preparations sometimes. 

She had a seizure in the spring of 2016, outside her bathroom. She couldn’t recognise me after, and she only remembered my sister’s face. Mother died in March 2016, with me late to her passing as I took a shower before getting to the hospital then. I remember cradling her jaundiced face and kissing her dry, blue lips. 

I’ve always known that I wanted to be a doctor, but after this, it was no longer the desire for rigour or recognition that drove me. It was redemption for my sins for failing as a son. I am not religious, but its the best way I can put it. 

Sixth form came round and my 2017 A levels went poorly. I was depressed but I attributed the symptoms to academic and domestic stressors and did not seek treatment.

Conscription came soon after, and I was drafted into the intelligence department owing to my inability to perform as an infantryman due to hearing loss. I started cutting myself around this time as my depressive symptoms grew worse.

I re-attempted my A levels again in 2018, and it worked out this time. I'm set to study Medicine at UCL. A silver lining- I suppose I am a functional depressive after all. Then I was arrested for attempting suicide in April (for it is still criminalised here) after my father strangled me for installing a lock on my door when he was overseas. 

They took away my spectacles again when I was thrown into the holding cell. I wish I was blind enough not to see the cockroaches. The cell smelt of excrement- there is a special sort of hypocrisy in putting suicidal adolescents in a place like this.

I moved out into my own apartment after, but in December of 2018 I had to return home as the hospital preferred that I lived with family owing to worsening symptoms. We had many arguments yet again, and it was not long before Father strangled me after one of his tirades. Subsequently I overdosed on antidepressants, cut myself, and passed out in the street outside my house and was sent to the psych ward for the first time. It was strangely blissful and I enjoyed my time there as there were people caring for me. 

The military discharged me not long after; my medical bills were a liability. I decided to travel to Germany after this, to meet a dear redditor in Koblenz and afterwards to solo travel to Berlin, Krakow and Budapest. Ole’s family treated me like I was family, and I have never experienced such warmth, kindness and kinship and probably would not ever again. Germany felt like home; its people, and their virtues resonated with me. Human dignity was not merely used as a political tool in this country, rather it is a part of their identity. Germans treated me with a certain *naïveté*, and I was invited to homes for meals after simple conversation at a café or a museum. The past months in Europe were paradise. 

Eventually the dream had to end and I was back home. I did not contact my Father much during the trip and I had been accustomed to European civility- undoubtedly a recipe for disaster. 

So here I am, in the aftermath of yet another bout of violence.

I shall die here. I am weak, and I know my troubles are trivial compared to others. Alas, it is but the way of Nature; the frail die and the strong prosper.

Every last inch of me shall crumble to dust. Except one. 

An inch. It's small and it's fragile and it's the only thing in the world worth having. We must never lose it, or sell it, or give it away. We must never never *never* let them take it from us. I don't know who you are. Or whether you're a man or a woman. I may never see you, or cry with you, or hug you. 

But **I love you**. 

I hope that you will be in a better place. I hope that things will get better. 

Love,

Thomas