Ashamed to be Posting Here AgainI posted here a day or two ago. It was the first time I had ever let my suicidal thoughts manifest themselves outside of my own head. I was not expecting the few comments that I got to mean so much to me, but they did. I feel so very alone, and it's nice to be able to just be weak for a little bit. I work so hard to be strong so as to not let the people around me see how much pain that I am in. I still do not feel very comfortable going into specifics and talking about it, in fact I tried writing down some more about what I am going through and I just couldn't do it. I don't like writing it down, and even though its anonymous it also makes me feel very uncomfortable putting such personal and meaningful information just out there for strangers.

The last month has been the most emotionally painful month of my life, and the last couple days have been particularly brutal for me. And it hasn't been getting any better. Today I came scarily close to just tapping out and just ending it. I yearn for the release, the freedom, that death would bring. I don't know what to do, I don't know what I want to do. All I know is that I can't continue on like this. It needs to stop, and I don't really care how it stops at this point. It just has to stop, I cant take it any longer.

I guess I am just really hoping that someone will say something that will help ease my pain, to get my mind to think of anything else but this.

I don't know why, I don't want to share anything about my situation, but I do want to share a little about myself. I guess i'm hoping it'l help someone say something that will get through to me. I am a 20 year old male. I live in Central Florida. I work full time. I enjoyed playing video games but my good friend depression has taken the fun out of that. I have no friends, literally. Like if someone put a gun to my head and said text a friend now! Id be shot, which I guess wouldn't be too bad. I am the black sheep of my very religious family. I ride a sport bike, and that perhaps is the only thing that I still enjoy doing. But I admit I have been riding it like I have a death wish as of late. I'm usually not an egregious speeder, but I have been going 120+ a lot more often than I should be, and in locations that I definitely shouldn't be. Don't really know why I felt like including all that, I just felt like it. Thank you to anyone who reads this, and even more to anyone who comments.