Life is in shambles, thinking about ending things28/m here. Had a serious relationship for 7 years (25/f), we broke up three months ago because the relationship was slowly decaying. For the last two years of the relationship every time I asked "What's wrong?" when she seemed down, the answer was always "Nothing." We weren't even intimate for the last six months. I tried everything to fix the relationship, but I guess it's hard to fix things when you don't know what's wrong in the first place. We talked it out and concluded that it's best we end things. No arguing or yelling, it was actually a civil conversation, she stayed the night, had sex in the morning and that was it. I felt like shit, but I still loved her, and on a conscious level - I knew this was for the best. I went back to my hometown since I'm between jobs atm, to kinda start anew. We stayed in touch through fb messenger, writing back and forth every four or five days. 

Then the low point. I saw some stuff on social media that vaguely might point to that she's started dating again, wrote to her, and after a short conversation, she told me that she has started seeing a guy from work. She continued on to say that she still cares about me, that she's not imagining herself with a boyfriend anytime soon because of too much emotional baggage. I believe her for what it's worth. All in all, she concluded that she had "kind of" moved on. She moved on for obvious reasons I just stated, she hasn't because part of her doesn't want to, and part of her can't even try to. Complicated af, I know. Since then, I haven't been able to eat more than half a meal a day, drink whiskey to drown my sorrows and it's the only thing I can think about. Every day, all day long. Can't stop obsessing over her profiles on social media, imagining our time together, trying to figure out where it all went sideways... Imagining her with another guy, even holding hands and smiling, is killing me. Hurts to the point of not wanting to live, just not to have that image and these thoughts in my head. That was the girl I was gonna propose to soon. That was the girl I wanted to be the mother of my children. That was the girl that was destined to be mine, and I to be hers, forever. Now, it's all gone and after these last events, I know it's never coming back. And I can't come to accept that, not now, not ever.

I'm unemployed and I've been bed-ridden for two months (broken leg) and that just adds more to my misery. Can't even get a glass of water myself. Two days ago I felt the urge to jump and end this shitty life, but ofc I can't with a cast on my leg. Now I can't wait to start walking again so I can go on and overdose on pills, make myself a good old exit bag, anything, just to make this end. I wake up with the thought of her, I spend my day with it, I drown in tears falling asleep with it. Waking in the middle of the night with my heart pounding, thinking about her being with someone else.

In short (yeah, I know), that's how it is. The thought of suicide is constant, not an hour goes by without it looming over my head, playing over plans how to do it, how will it affect my family and friends, going over the pros and cons of ending my life over and over. The pros seem to be an awful lot these days.

Thanks for reading.

T.