Not sure what I'm doing here.I losing my mind while everything around me is crumbling. I have no one to talk to because I push them away even further or they think I'm crazy. I might be crazy I might losing my mind but that doesn't change the pain I'm feeling. My daughter wont come home she is staying at a friends house and everytime I ask her to come home she just gets mad. My wife will barely talk to me. The more I try to get close the further I push her away. All I want is her by my side but it's to much of an inconvenience for her. I'm 31 and we have been together since I was 17. She is the only one I have truly cared about and the only one that has truly cared about me but I dont think she does anymore. She just wants to go about her day without out having to deal with me. All I want is for her to spend time with me and show me affection. That I am still the love of her life and her best friend. But every time I ask o get told this is not normal for us so no. Everything went to shit when I started taking supplements and working out more. We haven't had the best sex life because I am very shy and bashful. Couple years ago she wanted sex every night but every time we did I felt like she wasn't satisfied so I would start making up reasons not to. I did want to but i didnt want her to be disappointed. It got to the point that we would only have sex once a month when i would come home from my 2 week work shift and it was just quick. I wouldn't to change that i wanted to spice things up so i started taking testosterone boosters to see if it would help break me out of the shy mold i was in. It made me pretty emotional and and jealous. I was to the point where all i wanted was her. The only thing on my mind. I just wanted to be close to her laugh with her cuddle with her at least hold her fucking hand but all i got was shut down. It caused a huge fight because i would get mad that i could not seem to get any affection from her. I stopped taking the boosters that night thinking maybe that is what's causing all of this. It's been over a week now since that happen and I still cant fix things. I tried telling her that the only reason I started taking those was to better our sex life but she says she doesn't want to better that. Told me I ruined that part of our life already. It makes me feel like a piece of shit to hear my wife doesn't want to be intamit with me anymore and starts making me question everything else. Like why is she even with me. She dont want to show me love or spend time with me and she expects me to be ok with that because that how it was before. But I'm not. I think it was ok because I never questioned her love for me before but now that I have I'm getting no reassurance that she does. Only pushing her further away. And that is killing me inside. I just want the pain to stop. It hits me like a wave and overwhelming thought that the more I try to do something right the more it's wrong. I dont know what I would do with out her in my life. I could never leave her but being here with her feeling like she despises me is causing nothing but hurt and I just want it to stop. It got to the point where I feel like just slamming my truck in to a tree while I'm driving. I find my self thinking of ways I can end it with out making it look like I did it on purpose. Because I dont want my kids to grow up thinking I didnt love them enough to be there. But the hurt and pain I'm going through is affecting them already. I cant ne happy and cant smile because all I feel is worthless. I dont want to to end it but I want it to stop. I know people are going to read this and laugh and think I'm stupid but I need to just let it out before I do something even more stupid