I genuinely feel there’s no point going through life’s motions, what’s so selfish and cowardly for wanting to end my life?I am just so fucking done living in this world. I’m just tired of life. Tired of being a complicated fucked up human. I hate how we are hardwired to need love and acceptance, to be social creatures yet we create so much conflict within ourselves through all these hatred due to our differences or competition. I hate how we are just forced to be fucking born and be stuck in your own fucking body, forced to be born onto this earth without even wanting to fucking be born in the first place, and just being forced to go through the motions of life. We are forced to grow up, conform to society’s standards, study to get a degree, work to get paid, get a social life to not feel lonely, yet we eventually just get weak and sick, some even for their whole lives, physically and mentally, and just die. I just really, really don’t see a point in going through these motions of life. It seems like the most redundant and painful thing ever. At this point, if I had a wish, it would be nothing more than a death wish rather than wishing things were going right in my life, bc I just feel that it doesn’t really matter in the end when we’re dead. I just want to be dead now to save myself from going through all these foreseeable pain. It may seem to others that I’m so negative and pessimistic about life, that I should be positive and love yourself, and love life. But see, I am forced to be with myself, I am forced to be myself, I am a soul trapped in my own mind and body that really hates me so much that I have severe mental illnesses, how could I just make myself love me just because I am stuck with myself for the rest of my life, that if everyone leaves me, only you can be there for yourself. I don’t think even you can save yourself sometimes, like what people say. Obviously you know the most about yourself compared to others, but do you really know how the fuck you’re feeling because it is just complicated and confusing as fuck? I often feel so fucking alone and misunderstood because I can’t relate to others, and I just feel like a fucking alien. I know that I am negative, depressed and suicidal, and perhaps there really is no choice but to live, we have to all go through it or whatever, but it’s seriously just much harder for people with mental illnesses to go through the everyday motions of everyday life compared to neuro-typicals. I just feel like nothing even matters in the end, so why are our weak primal instinct trying so hard to be strong? I know it’s good to be strong, but why does strength even matter when you have to go through copious amounts of pain? It is a positive quality to possess but is it really necessary? It’s only through hardships where we are forced to adapt and become stronger through these circumstances, but is it really necessary? So I just feel like ending my life, but I hate how people see it as me being selfish and cowardly just because I am seemingly viewing this from a really pessimistic point of view that life is painful? Like they try to say things like there are good moments to live for, but for me, the bad moments just outweigh the good moments so much that I don’t even want it. I don’t even want to live in the first place. I don’t want this life where I feel dead inside but am still forced to live until my external self dies. I know I am pessimistic, but they don’t know the extent of the pain that I have went through to view life in this way. They don’t know what I’m going through. They don’t know how much it hurts, how I am better off dead. It’s just my views about life not being worth living, and it is negative, and people say that everyone has problems, yeah sure, and not to belittle anyone’s issues at all but there are different degrees of pain, different types of pain, and some which lead to suicidal thoughts and viewing suicide as the only option, the only way out. And it’s seen as cowardly and selfish, when really, life can be just too much to handle, and just really unnecessary when we eventually perish. Just needed to rant about this.