When all the hopeless, the only way is outI have decided that I will be ending my life soon. I have no desire to live in this world anymore. I'm mentally damaged. I have begun to lose my sanity as I drift away from reality. I have been talking to myself constantly and I have gone through moments of just imagining myself in an alternate universe.

I don't want to go to therapy because I will ultimately end up in a psych ward and be given meds that cause me to become a zombie. I personally don't want that for myself. Abandoned by my father at the age of 7. So I never had a real father figure in my life to guide me through. My mother did her best to raise me, but has ultimately given up on me and life all together. My brothers and I don't ever talk. They are scumbags that never bothered to establish a relationship with me. One of my brothers is in and out of jail. And my other two brothers don't want anything to do with me.

My mother knows that I have these mental issues, but is afraid to confront me about them. We never had a good relationship. We often argued and I would often yell at her. I believe somewhere deep down I have a hatred for her. I don't know fully why though. Perhaps I feel that I wasn't given enough attention as a grew.

As I aged I began becoming more bitter about my own life. My mental health started to deteriorate more and more as I had gotten older. I become angrier and angrier each day. Hating myself and the life that I had. It's gotten to the point that almost anything irritates me now.

I have a few friends that I made in my life, but I have never told them about my mental health. I would tell them about my depression and anxiety, but I would never tell them about me talking to myself or my times that I would imagine myself in an alternative universe. I'm afraid if I ever them those things, they wouldn't view me the same way. They would slowly walk away and give on up me like my brothers and my mother to a certain extent. So I will never tell. And that personally hurts me the most.

I'm currently 27 still living with my mother. I have decent paying job, but I personally don't like it. I don't have any desires in life at this point. I'm easily distracted with my own crippling thoughts. I hate the person I see on the mirror everyday. I hate this hell that's my life. I wish I can go to my friends and tell them about my problems, but they have their own lives to worry about. Most of my friends have their significant others and have started families. I'm still here single and never even had my first kiss. I don't have anyone to provide that push. I'm not trying to make excuses as I have tried to push myself, but I often feel alone and I know for anyone successful they have always had that one person that gave them that push. That one person that truly believes in them. I sadly don't have that.

So now I am here in this subreddit writing about my miserable life. I'm seriously finished with life. Perhaps I write this in hopes someone can fully understand what I am going through. Don't think anything will save me at this point. I can't wait to be set free. Perhaps there is another life after this one. Maybe the next life will be more fruitful. Or maybe there isn't anything after. Just oblivion. Regardless of the outcome, I can truly say that I am finished with this one. As to how I want to end it? That I am uncertain. I'm truly afraid but there isn't much more I can take. So a painful end will have to be for a painful 27 years on this Earth.