it doesn't matter. if you're aren't talented, you are worthless. society doesn't want the talentless.yeah. i don't know where to begin. i hate social media and i hate being talentless. i tried to draw. i suck at it. traditional art is worthless in this society because all the young people my age are making the big bucks on digital art and pron. i can't do that nor do i want to. 

what is left then? i dropped out of high school. i don't want to go back to school. i live with my mom and she is the only one working. i hate social media and i waste my life on tumblr that shitty fucking website. fan artists are treated like kings and queens over there while people like me are worthless commoners. i can't do what they do. i don't want that type of life. people only love them because they make pron for them. that's it. it's just another fucking business. art is a fucking joke man. nobody draws shit just because they want to draw it. everyone has to be a professional artist with a patreon making commissioned fetish pron. what the fuck? where are the shitty mediocre artists that just want to have fun? i feel so worthless in comparison to these people. 

nobody gives a shit about my pain. i want to go to a therapist but i don't feel they can help me. i don't want medication either. none of my online friends care about me it seems. every time i whine in my tumblr, people just ignore me. i want help! those assholes! how dare they ignore me. i try so hard to help others and nobody returns the favor. then again i shouldn't expect random assholes to give a single shit about an inferior human such as me. people who waste their lives on pointless bullshit like traditional art for no money are fools. i should've became a sell out earlier in my life. my life is absolutely worthless. nobody cares about me being alive except for my mom. i have nobody else but her. 

social media is just another stupid popularity contest and if you don't act or say the right things, you get thrown right under the bus. that happened to me one time. it really hurt. i'm tired of dealing with other people's shit including my own. man i just wish i could fucking be happy for a change. i'm tired of having zero self-esteem. one time i "begged" an artist to draw pron of my favorite fictional character because she is so unpopular and it was awful. they are so much better than me. i'm a joke compared to them. an utter joke and i just saw their blog. they make a shit load of money off commissioned pron using digital art while i waste my time using plain old traditional garbage. 

i give up on art. this hobby is a fucking joke and it just seems so damn lifeless. only the privileged which already have money can use this hobby to keep on making money. poor fuckers are irrelevant. i don't get it. life is just a damn joke and human beings are the worst jokes of all time. thanks for reading.