I'm so sick of this fucked up cycle that is my life.I always drive people away. I'm entirely too clingy for anyone to keep around long, and my anxiety is so bad that I think the worst and send myself into constant panic attacks. I don't know how to fully trust people who want to be in life. 

I kicked my boyfriend's friends out because I was being treated horribly by them. He's super pissed, as are my friends. They don't believe a damn thing I say about their behaviour, even though I have proof. It's always my fault. If anything goes wrong, the blame is dumped on me, because I'm a horrible person. They think I deserve it, and lately, I do too.

I'm sick of getting wound up in this vicious cycle where no matter what, I am to blame. I am the one who caused this and that, and so on. 

I try so, so hard. I try my best to better myself and redeem the things I have done wrong.

I'm always a second option, an existence everyone hates. I find myself crying in the shower almost every morning, asking what I did to deserve this. I tried my best to be kind and caring, even if it was from a distance. I tried so hard to socialize, to love, to be a human being instead of an emotional toilet for whoever needs to shit their problems on me. 

There's so much more. Betrayal by the people I loved, outshone by someone else in the eyes of my friends. Am I not good enough? Am I so awful that I constantly need to be reminded over and over how terrible I am?

I want the pain to stop. I want to escape this realm and go somewhere where I can finay be at peace. My soul is not happy in this life, it's broken. It has been given away to those who begged for my compassion, but abused my nature and stole more and more from my spirit until almost nothing was left.

I'm tired of life. This isn't living, this is hell. I wish to return to the summerlands and await a life where I am loved, and where I am wanted. I don't get that here. 

I just want to be done with this. I keep relapsing over and over and over. Am I such a lost cause? 

I don't know anymore. Nothing makes sense right now. I apologise if this is confusing, my mind is everywhere and I keep crying on and off. It's hard to focus. I don't know what to do, I've reached rock bottom.