I dont have an interesting title.I want start saying this isn't a suicide letter and even writing this was a big effort, because somehow I needed to put it out, although I believe it's a irrelevant effort.

I am in one point of this life where I don't feel empathy or love for other people anymore. I got so tired of being sad all the time, that I started to not feeling anything at all. I am lost and alone, in a way I cannot talk about this to anyone. (And to be honest, I don't believe it helps anymore either) ["so, why are you writing this here?" Perhaps, deep down, I believe there is someone somewhere who understands].
 
For me, life lost its own fire. But I am not here to say I am going to end my life. It is not up to me. I don't believe suicide, at least not anymore.

Long story short, I went through an experience that made me realize suicide it's irrelevant for us as we are. And it is not a relief as most people may think. So it can be a relief we would need to remember what previously happened, and it won't happen. Memory is the key to relief and riddance, and we can only reach this in life. 

Most of us grow up believing life will get better, and we'll get our happily ever after, and everything will be fine. But it won't. Life only becomes bitter and harder. And I felt bad because everything I have been working for it's falling apart. Everything build upon lies cannot stand for long. And now, a huge apathy lies over me. 

The problematic arround what I want to say is, we spend too much energy trying to be happy, when happiness isn't and never will be a constant. And it's frustrating to the point where I don't want to live anymore. 

I don't want to live anymore bc I see no point in living a life without being happy, but in the other hand I realize death for us as we are is irrelevant and isn't the end, as life isn't about happiness or sadness, it's about experience. And there, ladies and gentlemen, the thought goes full circle. Only because we are trained to chase happiness. My life has become a living hell for realize that even the most despicable event, it's a valid life experience for our soul. 

If you read till this point, thank you for your time, I could talk hours about this, and I am sorry if there's incoherences here. Many people may call me crazy, so I don't talk about this very much. I am trying to sink in everything and find a way to live with this. To end my life is not up to me. Even with the heavy apathy, I will stay arround to see where it goes.