I can't find the energy to try anymoreMy problems are so minimal that I almost feel guilty whining about them. I have a loving family, and plenty of friends who support me. I have a full time job and make more money than a lot of people I know. But I feel trapped. I'm not saving any money, and I'm going to have to pay for college in debt. I can't move back in with my parents so I have to work and do college for 4 years and I'm just too lazy and not competent enough to handle it. I can barely handle a full time job. I finally got a credit card and after two months I now owe 300 plus thanks to a car battery and a bunch of other stupid purchases. I want more money but I don't have the energy to work two jobs. I'm not sleeping well, nor have I ever, and it's really effecting my performance at my job, I'm almost 10 minutes late every other day, and thank god my boss enjoys me or I'd be fired by now.   
  
I've also now been on okcupid for about a year now. I've got tinder, plenty of fish, and none of them work. I can't manage to talk to a girl for more than 4 or 5 messages back and forth. I'm either boring or weird. I destroy all my female friendships because I want them to be something else, which is just toxic and awful. I met this girl and I think she's great but I know I'm going to ruin any friendship we have by being pushy and weird and annoying. I'm approaching my 21st birthday and I've yet to be in a relationship, got on a date, or even kissed a girl. 

I've got serious body image issues and have been too scared to weigh myself after I hit 300 pounds. This is the source of my problems. I'm not in shape so I feel tired all the time. And I'm ugly so girls aren't interested in me. I've got an awkward personality and I'm not good looking so I'm not really respected by the people I work with. I've been trying to eat better and go to the gym but I never have free time, and when I do I feel to upset to go anywhere.   
  
I just feel incompetent. I should have gotten in shape in high school and it's 3 years later. I don't have the energy to work hard so I'm a slacker and I couldn't handle a high demanding job. I feel like I'm going to crash and burn in college this summer because I'll be too exhausted from working full time and doing full time college, but If I wait I'll be poor even longer. I've had these feelings since middle school and I keep hoping that every year is going to be better than the last, but I'm not moving forward, I'm stuck in one place. I've been thinking about suicide my whole life, which is selfish of me because it would fuck my family and friends up, but the thoughts are becoming more frequent. I just don't think I have the competency to be an adult. 