My existence is pointless and so is this post.I am invisible to every one I know.
Obviously, I am physically visible and don’t have superpowers, but y’know what I mean.
Nobody notices me.
Nobody speaks to me.
Any post I make on any social media gets between zero and zero reactions.
I could get on FB or Insta and post “I want to die.” and you know what would happen?
Nothing.
Nobody would care.
I know because I’ve done it.
Not so much as a single “are you okay?”
It’s been like this for years now.
“wHy dOn’T yOu TrY tAlKiNg tO sOmeBoDy iRL?”
Because I have nobody.
I don’t spend time with anyone.
My family (other than my mother) shunned me years ago for being a “criminal” because I got in trouble a few times for smoking pot. 
I’m not completely disgusting physically, but nobody’s interested in a loser that brings absolutely nothing to the table but suicidal thoughts and shitty memes. 
It’s been at least 5 years since the last time I was physically touched by another human being. I don’t even mean sexually, nobody’s even hugged me in that long.
It wasn’t always like this.
I used to have friends. Relationships.
I have roommates, but I could walk through the house with blood gushing from a cut throat and they wouldn’t even blink. I’m as invisible to them as I am to everyone else.
Until recently, I’ve been pushing through with the thought that things have to get better eventually. They had to, I convinced myself.
But things just get worse.
This week, my car died. I took it in for a routine oil change and when I picked it up, it had a bunch of problems that didn’t exist when I dropped it off. I know, I know, that sounds like anyone who’s ever been to an autoshop ever, but there’s no way an oil change brought what was quoted as a $10,000 repair to the surface.
Because I no longer have my car, I lost my job.
It’s too far to walk and too expensive to uber/lyft/etc there. I’d spend more on transportation costs to get there than I’d make while working. My roommate’s don’t care about my problems and aren’t interested in helping me get to work.
Soon, I will also lose my home.
Nobody wants to live with someone who can’t pay rent.
My current life choices are to live on the street and/or to just call it quits and end it like I’ve been wanting to for too long.
I already know which one I choose.
I stole my roommate’s gun tonight.
I’m not making this post so people can react and say “oh no, don’t do it, I’m sure you have something to live for.”
Because I don’t.
I’m making this post so that maybe somebody somewhere will see the sad guy in their life and just fucking ask if he’s okay and just acknowledge their existence long enough that they don’t end up like me.
After 28 years of bullshit, I’m out.
I hope your lives are all infinitely better than mine was.