I feel isolatedHey. I’m new to reddit, and I scoured the guidelines, but am still paranoid of messing up, so if I did something wrong, let me know and I’ll fix it. 

I feel like I need to post because I’m literally going to explode. I promise I’m not posting to seek attention. I just can’t talk to anyone in real life about this, as I don’t want to be a burden, be mocked, stress people out, or be rejected. I saw some comments on another reddit about how depressed people shouldn’t dump on their friends and family, so now I’m paranoid about being a terrible person. 

So I’m posting here. 

Basically, I’ve hit absolute rock bottom in my life. I feel like I’m going out of my damn mind. I’ve been struggling with poor mental health the ten years and it’s starting to bust my seams. I’ve had a breakdown at work recently, and almost had another today, all over stupid things. I was this close to grabbing my stuff, getting in my car, and following through with one of my plans. 

I’ve been consumed with either violent anger or dull melancholy. The anger is the worse; it’s given me horrible urges to self mutilate, even though I’ve been clean for five years. I just get so enraged and feel I need to destroy myself. I have had made plans and set aside cash many times in the past few months, but I always run out of hateful rage before I can actually follow through. But my patience is running incredibly low. My body feels like it’s slowly giving out on me. I have zero going on that I actually enjoy, and basically (attempt to) sleep and work. I’m an absolute failure in life; knowing that I am a waste in life is almost worse than living it. I’ve also come to the realization that I am at heart, a horrible person, with bad tendencies. It’s hard to exist knowing that. 

One of the few things keeping me going is my maladaptive daydreaming. I retreat into myself and have the cringiest daydreams that keep me engaged. Though it’s started to impact my attachment to what’s real, and bleed into reality. I feel like a mess, honestly. It’s incredibly unhealthy for me, I understand, but without it, I have nothing.

I’ve started to feel a lot resentment towards other people in my life. I know I’m not well, and I’m terrified of burdening someone I care about, but I cannot keep up my facade anymore. So I’ve just retreated away into myself and let my world collapse around me. There is no one I can talk to about this. My family would only react with disappointment or accuse me of being an attention seeker if I told them how deep this went. I’ve always been a disappointment to my father, and now my mother too. My extended family barely talks to me, and have pretty much disowned me. My friends... I just don’t want them to feel like they have to take care of me. I actually confessed that I was suicidal to a close friend of mine and now I feel nothing but guilt and self hate. It should be my burden alone, not her’s. 

A part of me just feels that this is how it’s supposed to be. I’ve been struggling with mental illness since I was in single digits. I feel it’s all lead up to this, like a divine punishment, almost. It feels foreign to me to imagine dying by any other way than my own hand. It also feels like the people in my life will let out a collective sigh of relief if I finally go through with it. They’ll finally be free of me. 

I don’t know what I expect to gain from posting this, but it feels good for someone just to know what’s going on, even if they are strangers. 

Thank you for reading. 