I Have Nothing Else to Live for   Hello... so starting off... I really don’t like complaining to people so I usually just keep these thoughts written in my notes so I apologize if I’m being annoying. The two times I tried to reach out online, I was ignored and it didn’t really make me ever want to reach out again, but I’m desperate. 

   So... I’m 15 and I have autism. Ever since I was young, my mother never really seemed to care about when I was overstimulated so she just yelled at me to stop. As I got older, even after getting diagnosed, she’s still telling me that I am overreacting and it hurts. That’s when she got me a weighted blanket. When I first got it, I was super happy, but when I look back on it, I think she just bought it thinking that she wouldn’t have to deal with me overstimulating because of this “shield” thing. It makes me feel like she doesn’t actually care. 

  Now onto school. All throughout my life, all my friends have left me because of the way I am. I’m repetitive and loud and not understanding of social cues which is not something most people really like. Thankfully, I met my current friends who don’t care about that stuff... but they seem to be drifting away. They both are in band so they both have to do PE at lunch which leaves me sitting alone most of the time. As an introvert and an aspie, I’m fine with being alone. The problem occurs when they come back from PE. They never talk to me and they’re always talking to each other. It’s like I’m not even there sometimes and it hurts.

    And then... my boyfriend who just broke up with me. I really liked him and he seemed to be a good match with me. But... due to the fact that I would sometimes go to him for emotional support, he left me. I know that I was drowning him in my emotions and I wish I didn’t because now I will never see him again (He goes to another school and I can’t drive).

    The reason why I want to commit suicide is because I have nothing else to live for. I can’t live for my mother as she doesn’t even really care. I can’t live for my friends because they’re off on their own living their own lives. I can’t depend on my ex because... well he’s an ex. And I sure as hell can’t live for myself. It’s hard to explain (Because it has to do with autism), but I just can’t do this anymore. If I left, no one would care and they’d all forget about me. Everyone I’ve ever trusted has seemed to emotionally leave me and it makes me feel invisible. I just want to die.