I am close to going through with suicide. But I don’t know what’s holding me back.Ive lived a rough life. Constant setbacks, lost my entire family. Friends who are all virtual. And I found love and gave up my gold old life to move to a new country. Gained a loving family. The love of my gf/wife. And then, her feelings faded as we struggle with things. And then I found out she was having an emotional affair with another guy... I made things worse and she broke up with me. We’ve been talking and it’s only made things worse. My friend gave me a lifeline but is forcing me into something I don’t want. None of my friends understand how I’m feeling. Even the ones who know what I’ve been through. I’ve had walking depression for years. I have deep seeded issues and my mom passed away tragically but she was gone mentally long before that. 

These past few weeks the doctors have doped me up on meds before I fly back. My now ex, we had it all her. We rebuilt our life in a year and then instead of talking to be directly and finding a way to work through it she got lost and betrayed me. Betrayed her promise in the beginning. And I’m left with nothing but more pain and betrayal. And I hate myself for what parts I had to play in it. In all of my life. 

Im sick of being the problem and I want it to end. I have the means and the justification. Maybe some people will care. Maybe she would too. Maybe she wouldn’t. She has no feelings left and is already moving on. 

I just want the pain of my life to end. It isn’t fair what I continuously have to endure. Being homeless, deciding if your mother lives or dies at the age of 17. Being bullied all through school. Failing out of college after my mom passed. My childhood trauma and the constant betrayals. And everytime i let someone in i get hurt. And this person was someone I let in deeper than any who came before. It was real love. 

I want to end it. I have the means, I have the knowledge. I have the plan. I’m in a dark enough spot where it ruminates in my mind like a plague. But something is stopping me and I don’t know what. I’ve thought about it before many times in my life and I always thought it would get better. It does until I fuck it up. I always fuck it all up. And I’m sick and tired of being who I am. Being the problem. Having the problem. Being lonely and depressed and anxious and cautious. Being distant and I can’t turn it around. I’ve tried and it’s become this. Until I leave I literally wake up late everyday, I lie in bed unti 1-2. No Desire for life anymore. The day I looked at her phone I cried the hardest I’ve ever cried in my life. I cried why, how could you, I thought you loved me, we had everything, I gave you all of me and then, I started saying I want my mom. Because I don’t have anyone else. No one else understands. She does to a degree more than my friends. And I’m done talking about my feelings to them and my therapist. They all say the same damn thing and this time I don’t see a light at the end of the tunnel. I’m lost in darkness wanting to put an end to it. I gave it my all and I appreciate my experiences. But I just can’t go on anymore.