I lost my lifeIm not even sure if this is the right place to talk about this but whatever.

I (male,24) met my first and only girlfriend Julia, when we were just kids (about 4 or 5 years old). We were the best friends ever since. At the age of 14 we became boyfriend and girlfriend and since then life felt like a dream. 
Not a single moment in my life did i doubt that she is my soulmate, friend and mother of my future kids. 

We, Julia and me, both were in our last year at the university and had our own appartment.
I couldn't possibly imagine a way to make our life any better. Then 3 month ago Julia announced that she was pregnant and i felt like our life reached the peak of perfectness. Next year i would have a guaranteed job that could secure us a comfortable life with Julia staying at home with our child. I felt like life couldn't possibly get any better.

And then 2 days ago, she drove to visit her best friend who lives about 200 miles apart from us. We would always call each other when we arrived savely after a long drive. But his time it wasnt Julia who called me. It was the police. They told me that there was an accident and Julia is in critical state.
Bevor i arrived at the hospital, Julia was dead, along with our unborn child.

As i returned to our appartment i felt emptiness. I felt tears draining down my face but it didnt feel like any sad feeling i ever had before.
It feels like it is raining inside of me and every drop is killing a part of myself.

Everything that meant something to me is gone for ever. I have nothing left left to life for. 
I made this reddit account because beeing on reddit was something i really enjoyed and i hope somone can make this feeling more bearable. 
But deep down i think i already know that there is no escaping and i have no intention of continuing my life.

Since i have no family left (my father died 2 years ago from a heart attack, my mother died when i was 9) i think ending my life is the best option.

Thanks to everyone who is willing to read this