I don't want to live but, I don't want to hurt my familyThis is me telling how I honestly view my life its gonna be long and boring so I understand if you don't care to read. I've ruined my life I was a straight A student till 7th and 8th grade I still got A's and B's but I often procrastinated and didn't do my homework I'm fairly intelligent got a 136 on Iq so I always did a crappy job at last second and made it through. Our school issues personal laptops in those grades and that kinda help to start my procrastination tendencies. I promised myself I would turn myself around and put the effort in and not waste time freshman year. Freshman year came and went same problems Still not getting stuff done did track mom made me leave because of grades major blow mentally. Shaped up a little bit sophomore year. Did track again had to leave again but had the first relationship it was good ended on good terms. Summer of Junior year starts talking to girl eventually ask her out. But in the mean time, I had started looking at how bad my options where I had originally wanted to be an engineer but I knew I would never make it in college with my current school issues. Began to get down and grandpa died for some reason I never cried couldn't understand why I definitely loved him. I thought something was wrong with me for a long time I thought I was a psychopath or a sociopath I wanted to get a psych evaluation but was scared and didn't know how. Anyways things are going great with the girl still feel down and think about ending it occasionally. But things are going well then she starts to send me texts about stuff that happened to her like a guy assaulting her or forcing her to kiss him. (we lived an hour apart) I of course got super mad and wanted to go end this dude and told her to report it to the police she said something about suing him and getting money and I thought that made sense even if it was a little odd. Then more stories about stuff happening to her. Eventually I found out from one of her friend they were all lies and she had been "testing" me. Also, she repeatedly mentioned she had a heart condition and I was always very cautious about it. I was definitely in love with her. After i found out they were lies I broke up with her then I got a call from a close mutual friend who said she was in the hospital and that she had had a heart attack and was refusing treatment because she was heart broken. Basically inferring that she was trying to commit suicide because I had dumped her. I felt horrible I blamed myself and If she didn't make it I was ending it I couldn't live with myself if I caused that. the next morning I conveniently got a text that she was fine i apologized and got back with her choosing to forget past wrongs. Later she started lying again I found out from a mentor of mine the father of the close mutual friend that she had made up the whole hospital thing. After a while I just stopped talking to her and let her break up with me she sent me a mass of texts about how it was all my fault and the horrible boyfriend I was. I was still depressed at the time I was heartbroken and really didn't care anymore. Finished Junior year alright loved summer because I had nothing to be anxious about ex sent texts from time to time ignored them. Senior year which I'm currently in starts taking a bunch of tougher classes basically narrowed down my career choices to a technical degree and work in mine or military wich I like a lot. I never thought I was truly depressed until most of the way through first quarter I had all A's was doing work and working out felt great, and then i kept still having the desire to end it. I Like the military I get to work out there's guns you know what's expected and not much mental stress. But I realized I couldn't ever take anti-depressants or admit i was depressed and be in the military. So i never have tried that I also don't think they are good I have a friend who tried to commit suicide and is now on anti-depressants and they change her. and today I've lost control I don't have a lot of homework done and I'm not even sure it will count because it's late. I have an essay I plagiarized to make it look like its done I'm failing a class and i really don't have any hope left. I think the only way I won't do it is if I get the essay done. Also, I realize this is a no religion thread but I would like to say as being a born again Christian is one of the few reasons I haven't done it yet, that and I don't want to hurt my family. I actually wish there was no God then i wouldn't have any guilt about doing it. This is basically my life story sorry for the read and possibly goodbye.
 