I'm less depressed than I have been in months...and I still want to die just as much (maybe even more)I'm sorry this will be rambly, but my mind is going crazy and I really don't know what I'm doing anymore. 

I'm sitting in a library, surrounded by other students who are better than me in every way. I can't stop thinking about what a complete piece of shit I am. I've never really connected to another person, because I don't know how. I have some people who "care" about me...my bosses, my co-workers, some students in a club I'm in, but they don't actually know me - they just see the facade I put on. They don't know how shitty my grades are, or how fucking lonely I am when I'm not at work or doing club things, etc. I'm a junior in college, so I don't feel like I can leave school (and forever regret wasting money without even getting a degree), and when I do graduate, it'll be with a shitty GPA with no direction in life whatsoever. From Nov-Feb, I was in possibly the worst depressive episode I've had, and I thought I finally was finally free in March, but even though I feel so much more functional and active these days, I still see no fucking point for living another day. Not when I've already screwed up at so many things. One of the "friends" I know from a club was talking about graduation earlier, and I remembered once again that I am technically a year behind in college, because I took a year off for mental health shit. She started college a year after me...and she's graduating at least a year before me. And it's not just her - everywhere I look, people are just so much better than me. I know I don't know the full story for anyone's life, and that everyone is going through their own struggles, but that makes it even worse...even with how shitty life can be sometimes, people are still achieving and advancing in their lives, and I'm here, a complete waste, sucking up oxygen and resources and an education...none of which I deserve

I know I can't kill myself now. Even the biggest piece of shit human being would make some people sad by committing suicide, and I don't want to cause anyone pain. but I think the only thing I can look forward to in life now is the day I finally decide that I'm allowed to die.