Suicidal thoughts after a break upHi, I'm 18 and this is my first time writing ever here in reddit, and i dont know how much it can help stating what I'm feeling right now, and I don't even know if I can write this here, i just want some help, I'll try at least for once.
im feeling very lonely, broken mentally and weak physically, so yeah.
Well, she was my everything, everything i did in this entire year was focusing on make the right things with her and to make her happy, i wrote countless romantic texts each night, i used to told her how she was the prettiest girl on the universe, and  we used to cry when saying that we loved each other.
i always used to tell her, every fuckin day, how she was the love of my life and how i wanted us to be a family and live together forever, and she seemed always very, very happy about that, because she always wanted too
But, everything fell off last month, i dont know if it was because of her Borderline personality disorder but she began to tell me that i wasn't romantic and kind enough, that she wanted to be treated better, and i humiliate myself this last month, she asked space but i couldn't stop thinking about her, like now, everything reminds me of her at a point that it was and it is driving me crazy.
Okay, long story short, she told me that the best thing to do was for us to break up, she loved me and all, but she couldn't manage a relationship now, she used to treat me badly when we were on "break" of our relationship, saying that i was abusive for asking how she was and she did say one day, that she doesn't wanted to be in a "shit relationship like ours was from the beginning", something really different of  2 months ago, when she wrote a letter telling me that I was the best thing that happened to her and never imagine meeting someone like me.
After that, i started to feel an empty hole in my chest, as like i was going to fuckin have a heart attack every day, i started to panic, and last night, i tried commiting suicide by indulging drugs, she called me cause i said something about it on Twitter and she was very desperate, and very anxious about the situation.
I felt horrible, but i don't want her to suffer, so i texted her explaining everything, and we were "good", so today i woke up and a friend of mine told me that she contacted him to take care of me, and my friend was very rude and disrespectful with her, me and him fought over that cause he didn't have to be rude with her,just because we weren't together anymore.
After that she said that it was better for her, that we never talked again, and that fuckin made everything worse again, and I can't stop thinking about ending this suffering right now.
i tried everything for our break up not be a traumatic episode for both of us, cause we care about each other, but everytime, when it isn't my fuckin negative thoughts, it is someone know, please, what should i do? I want just this suffering in my chest to end, i feel like im getting depressed again, and that my anxiety is going to burst another panic attack anytime soon.
Im seeing a counselor but i can't see to get any better.
I'm just afraid that i might do something against me again, and she might suffer more than everyone, i just want her to be the happiest girl on earth.