Lost myself...I’ve always had some sort of depression ever since I was a kid. I grew up in a pretty rough home my father was an alcoholic and was very abusive towards my mother and myself. I have awful memories of him trying to hurt her as I stood in between to protect her only to get hit too. He was an angry man I would deal with that everyday that we lived with him. He left me traumatized and he left her with bruises and even a broken nose. I blame him for all my actions. I feel like he turned me somewhat heartless... I began to get in trouble and put stress on my mother leaving her worried every night if I’d ever come home some nights. I started doing drugs and hanging out with the wrong crowd. Kids that we’re hopeless kinda just like me so I felt like I fit in. Didn’t have a job back then and what hurts me the most is that I ruined so many relationships with good friends that probably cared about me more than the bad up to no good friends. Whenever we had no drugs we’d use vulnerable people, good family friends of mine. We’d use them for money, alcohol and whatever the fuck we wanted. Got in countless fights and hurt many people and when I look back at it now I feel like I was no different than my asshole Dad. I started hurting myself I guess I learned that from a couple crazy girlfriends and friends I’ve had. I pretty much left scars along my right arm that still haven’t faded today. Even cut kill me in my chest back then but luckly it’s harder to read nowadays. I hate myself because I made all the wrong decisions. Turns out those hopeless friends I thought had my back aren’t here today to help clean up the mess we made. I also don’t have the good friends that I’ve hurt and I honestly don’t blame them. I turned into something I’ve always feared of. Now today I’m nothing but alone and empty. Nobody to watch over and it’s my own doing. Nothing but memories now. I used to be able to control the depression but surrounding myself with people and it was easier to get over. Everyday it seems to be getting worse. I feel like dying more and more each night.  Anyways my mother eventually built up the courage to leave him and move us into a house without him. You’d think I’d be happier but I was happy knowing she was safe and no longer being hurt because my mother is the sweetest woman on this earth and if anybody would hurt her now I’d probably end up in prison. I’m 21 now we moved out when I was 16-17 and I feel like I’m at rock bottom. Although now I’ve pretty much go to work put on a fake persona and smile and come home and cry alone in my room like a coward wanting to die. I no longer get into trouble and I’ve been treating my mother like the queen she is and helping as much as I can. I put enough stress on her as it is. She knows I get sad sometimes but she has no clue how badly I just wanna die. I could keep going on but I feel like I’d be writing too much. Just gotta cry out for help because I don’t know how much more I can take and I just don’t have anybody else I can vent to like I could back then. I have so much anger and regret in my head it hurts. I’m a decent looking guy I never had any problems with that... but nowadays I can’t even look in the mirror for more than a second. I don’t know if my Dad created a monster or if I’m just foolish and I fuck everything up. I hate myself and I wish I could push a reset button. I made so many bad decisions and I can’t sleep at night with these thoughts and memories I have because of it. I’m not a bad guy I love more people than I hate but I’m hated more than I’m loved. I’ve had countless friends that stabbed me in the back and those we’re the same ones I sacrificed my good friends for... now I’m left with nothing but my disgusting self. I’m honestly hanging on by a thread I’m suprised I’m still kicking to be honest.