Something that always stops meI've almost attempted suicide a couple of times in my life. I say almost because right before I followed through, I always get reminded of the same thing. And I'm sharing this because it has saved my life many times, so I'm hoping that maybe it can save you or someone you love. I don't know. It's something.

Friedrich Nietzsche is the philosopher whose writings have not just had an impression on me but a complete grasp on my understanding of life and value. Many of his thoughts and ideas are so outstanding and resonant within me that I don't know how to move past them. But I digress.

One of his central ideas was that deep down, under and behind every desire, is simply the desire for power. This can be misunderstood or misused to justify megalomaniacal or psychopathic behaviors, attitudes and ethics, but it has use for more empathetic, loving and positive uses, especially when applied with other philosophical considerations of his. And I'm willing to expound on this idea's groundings if any of you are interested, but for brevity's sake, I'll cut to chase of what this principle's implications are.

Firstly, it means that all-in-all, power is the most valuable thing to us. So what really is power? To me, it is best summarized with two words: **I can.** Because what is power other than capacity to do or to be? And what is more desirable than the ability to control who we are and what we do?

And the second consequence of this belief in all things being "Will to Power" is that I begin to feel a sense of pointlessness at Suicide. Nietzsche, in declaring power to be utmost of our desires, does not lie or water down the difficulty of this truth. Because it means that you must become strong, and climb out from the abyss of your weakness. Which is FAR from easy. Not everyone can do it.

But in recognizing this I feel nothing but the urge to say that I won't quit. I'll not have my last moment be me giving up to the difficulty of life. I want to fight tooth and nail to grow and strengthen myself to a point where I no longer feel that death is all I have to look forward. When I am stronger, healthier, smarter, happier and enduring, I am most fulfilled and my life is overall better.

So for me, the constant struggle is always rooted in remembering that I always have to struggle against my abyss of weakness. The pit of pity that beckons me to throw myself in. I have to stop telling myself "I just want to rest" or "I just want it to all end." When the going gets rough, I must find it in myself to say "I am better than this" and to let life either affirm that or negate that. I'd rather die trying to improve my life then ending it in a moment of weakness telling myself that I am nothing.

I am not the strongest. I am not the weakest. And I don't know how far I'll go. But I like to think that in my last moments, I will have exhaust EVERY means I had to change my situation for the better. After that, and only after that, will I welcome death.

I'm sorry if this post was nothing but a lengthy redundancy for you, but I'm glad to hear if something resonated or inspired you or just made you smile/laugh.

I think we all can become at least a little stronger every day and I hope that whenever I get to my end (which shouldn't be anytime soon), that you all will be walking past me and onto the next day of better sunshine or harder rain!

Say an almighty yes to everything and you will be a god among humanity!