Purpose... Remember what it feels like?I've made exactly one attempt to take my own life. 2016, on an exchange program, literally unable to cry for help to anyone around me because of the language barrier, and believing the only thing worse than death would be going back home to my toxic parents. I'm getting the feeling again, but it's more lucid. Less emotional.

Tonight, I heard the ping of my phone notification, beginning a cycle I've seen many times since narrowly becoming financially independent from my family. Once again, my mom is desperately trying to prod me into action, toward some vague and romanticized image of success. My stepdad sees me as nothing but a liability, and if I don't feel like being my mom's little doormat, he treats me like I'm twelve years old again. Catch-22? I want to save myself, from them, for someone, but for who?

I've got a couple of months' worth of money saved away, and I don't have a job. I just dropped out of school, because I just don't care about that anymore. Though it's what I've been primed for, it's not me. I quit my previous job because I was busy being a student and not myself. I was tired. But now I have neither, and the only thing my parents can do is berate me and constantly nag me. This does nothing but make me feel like a hopeless twelve-year-old whelp. I'm well off for a 19-year-old! ...But the only thing they can do is see where I could be better by their standards.

What they don't understand is that I'm not their responsibility. If I never get a job, and I run out of money, I'll flesh out my lease, grab a couple of belongings, throw the rest in the trash, and attempt to never see them again. But they're toxic... they can't understand or believe that, because their excessive molding and pressure made me complacent during childhood. They only judge me by my coping mechanism. It's all they know me by, and I can't even begin to get to know them as equals, as people, because they can't help but see me as a burden.

When I attempted suicide in 2016, I was saved by how dumb and harebrained my scheme was. The method was flawed, and before I changed the procedure adequately, people entered the room and my "contented" mask went back on. When I've periodically felt suicidal since then, and tried to talk to my parents about it, they were angry at me for wasting their time, and told me I wouldn't do it. I guess they were right, and I hate that. I hate their toxicity. I hate my younger self's complacence.

So tonight, I have turned here, as I've done before, and saw a comment on a post from a year ago, from someone who claimed an elderly store clerk saved their life by giving them a sticker when they were fourteen. It made me think about all the people who feel just like me, but for different reasons, and how goddamn easy it would normally be for anyone to help me. How easy it would normally be for *me* to help someone else.

I hate myself... I would change... but COVID-19 has taken that decision out of my hands. Taken my purpose away, and made me unable to bring joy to anyone, because I can't please my parents, and I don't know how to help anyone else. I *can't* help anyone else, by government mandate. I can't point any fingers, I can't blame anyone... not even myself.

I picture 6 months from now... politicians will politician, media will media, people will people, all while I hide from my parents and the world. My parents say I'm not being accountable enough. My few friends abandon me because I abandoned them. And then I finally say I'm done. What more is there? I killed my mask. My real self has only just emerged from its cocoon, and it's soft. Afraid. Alone. Abused, by my parents, but moreso by me.

I tell myself a mantra:

I'll get a job. Not for my parents, but they don't know that.

I'll find a friend. They'll see me, surely.

But for now, I'll survive. Not for later, but for now. And oh boy will it be hard.

My story's not the saddest, the least privileged, the most interesting, the most enlightening. It's not a fairy tale, and it's not a cautionary tale. It's just a brief call into the brisk December air as I come up for a breath from all of my fakery. Before I go back under, I really do wish you all a happy December, wherever you are, if you can believe it. For what it's worth to you.

I guess I'll text my mom back. God I'm tired. Now where's that mask...