Cant help feeling the way I do but feel like I got no where to turnI have several different heart conditions, they make me have heart palpitations alot, when I was younger I struggled massively with it as I was basically born with anxiety and diddnt know how I was feeling was not normal.
i found ways to overcome it and have lived a fairly good life since.
just recently my heart has gone into hyper drive and I have had non stop palpitations for the last week or more. I havnt been able to eat, have fun or even concentrate on anything.
all I keep thinking about is my friends that I left behind years ago when I moved away and how I never left.
I feel usless that I will never make a real difference in life to anyone in a meaningful way.
I feel like I cant talk to anyone as because when I was younger I tried to reach out and all I got was the attention seeker comments, I wish I diddnt have these problems which trigger anxiety but I have them and theres nothing I can do.
I have taken blood thinning tablets about 30 mins ago, there was no direction on the bottle to say how many to take so I dont know If I have taken to many or to few, I dont feel any different so far.
this week I have constantly craved attention from anyone a can (basically making conversation with anybody I can about anything/ not saying I'm going to kill myself to anyone) no one i know, knows how I'm feeling.
I tried the samaritan help line years ago and that is a service that needs to be shut down the person I spoke to couldnt care less if he tried.
i dont know what I'm going to do, i dont know how i can change this, the gps around here are only by phone due to covid and they dont seem to care anyway just seem to want to put me on tablets then get on with there day,
the main thing from stopping me doing anything is the fact I have 3 kids, i lost my dad when i was young and have never been able to get over it. it breaks my heart to think i would do the same to my kids deliberately.
I dont know what I can do or how this will play out; I have always seen myself as a strong willed person but everything breaks overtime.
there is alot on my mined all the time. I wish I can just carry on with my life with no worries.
thanks