To the sufferers/helpers on r/SucideWatchhttp://www.deutsche-spitze.de/images/japanspitz-welpe_wiedemann.jpg
Still sad? If so that's ok. Here is a little background from me first. I used to want to commit suicide all the time, sometimes I still think about it. I've lived on the streets, lost my job, lost a family member due to cancer, lost an ex... I've been through abuse, neglect, poor conditions. The works. I would come on this subreddit all the time with throw away accounts in fear of being judged for failing my attempts, and trust me I have made a lot of attempts(hanging, overdose, the works) Here are a few things for the ones who want to help and also a few things that everyone should consider. And once again I want to say that this is all on personal views and no way am I advocating that things have to be done this way. Like I said. Everyone is different.

When I get people who message me “no its ok, you have so much to live for, or don’t kill yourself, or even you are not alone” I get so mad. They aren’t even listening. I know I am not alone, everyone who tries to kill themselves knows this. We are unhappy and lonely yes but we know we aren't the only ones suffering. You don’t read what we write, or hear what we say. You hear suicide, and you jump to conclusions. I think too many people focus on helping people by stopping them from dying and not helping them live.

See every case is different. Every person is different and you need to realize this (this includes the ones suffering)

Why is suicide treated as if it were procedure. Take this medication, seek help, you are not alone, self help books, group therapy, call this hotline, ad nauseam over and over again. No feeling, no remorse. Its not about the person. Its orders and actions, statements and positions. Its not about emotion or thoughts or how to react or even comfort… 

I sometimes feel this way.  No one is happy forever. Infact to be sad is a part of living as well as helping us realize what happiness is. I was upset and felt lectured. I wanted to experience sadness to appreciate happiness. That when depressed we could of talked about cheery things. Not set up a process of actions. Suicide and sadness isn't a procedure. Each person is different. Each case is different. When you follow procedure it becomes emotionless, statistical, stoic, quick fix, like medication. When I had suicidal friends I try and cheer them up. Cheer them on. Encourage, draw something, send a funny video, let them vent, hug them, make them forget the pain by replacing with happy moments, offer a game, watch a movie, try to make them laugh. Depression should not be fought with method but with positive emotion, persuasion, and smiles... Obviously this is all based on personal preference. I just want people to know. We don't want to be treated as someone who is just hurting. We want to be treated as friends who need love, who need help.

If anything I am here to help. I want people to know that I know how hard it is to love yourself. People say "if you can't love yourself how do you expect people to love you" and I am sure we have all felt that "how can I love myself if know one even loves me" So I am here for support. I try not to judge and to listen. I am by no means a professional but I definitely speak from experience and empathy. I know it hurts.