I can't keep going on like this (Rant)I wasn't going to make this post but after deactivating all of my social accounts I need to get this shit off my chest.


Last year, August, I left home due to my stepfather being severely mentally abusive towards me. He would insult me, put me down, stress me out and use the fact I was scared of the way his shouting made me feel against me. I didn't tell my parents I left, I just packed all of my things and got into my friend Caspers car and I just fucking left. I lied to my mother for three straight days, telling her I was just getting away for a while.. But she eventually caught on and knew that I'd left. I was living in my ex's house (we were on good terms, mutual break up. No drama.) while he was still living with his parents. The rent was paid and I was living with two other people. I didn't really leave my room much. At the time I was on a thing called Job Seekers allowance. It didn't give me much, just about enough to support myself just for food. Being on it is a hellish experience. If you live in the UK and have claimed it, you'll know. September came around and Leo was staying over. He took me upstairs and told me that he'll be moving in soon. Despite him wanting the best for me he told me I had to find another place to go because the landlord had found out about me staying there and didn't like it, threatening to evict them all if I wasn't gone. He suggested I moved back in with my parents and I just fucking lost it. I broke down severely and cried for a solid hour. He fucking APOLOGIZED for even suggesting it after I told him what my stepdad was like. Luckily, I was able to find accommodation the same night by forcing myself to reach out to acquaintances I'd only met once. They agreed to put me up indefinitely. Moving from where I was, to where they were was a huge leap for me. I was living 180 miles out of my fucking comfort zone in no solid accommodations. While there I was diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety and was placed on Employment and Support Allowance (ESA) by the job center there because I was deemed too unfit to work being as mentally unstable as I was. I spent five months living with them. I'd attempted suicide in my first few weeks living there by attempting to overdose. Neither of my housemates knew of this at the time. That wasn't the only time I'd tried killing myself either. Another occasion involved me heading over to the pier to tie a brick to my ankle and throw myself into the water. What stopped me? One of my housemates came looking for me. She skidded around the corner in the car and dragged me inside. After the months went by, I'd made another attempt on my life. This time I was in my worst state yet. I'd had an argument with my sister where she originally was understanding about the mental issues I was going through, but then during the argument showed her true colors and started belittling me for having them leaving me in a hysterical state clutching god knows how many pills in my hand (my housemates also suffered with depression and anxiety, so there were anti depressants everywhere. None of the pills would have killed me) After a few months, this year around January, that same sisters wedding was coming up. Honestly? I didn't particularly want to go but at the same time I didn't really have the money to go. I'd been told by my housemates that social services were going to stop them from seeing their little brother because I was in the house. After everything they'd done for me, I wasn't going to let that happen. I had a month to move out. My mother showed no understanding to the situation. I was trying to save up as much money as I could to afford the rent and bond to a place I was planning on moving to so I wouldn't be out on the streets because there was no way in hell I was going back to living with my parents. Not after everything my stepdad had done to me. She was telling me that my sisters wedding was more important than moving into this place and having a stable roof over my head. My own well-being was thrown out the door by my own mother. After the phone call with her (which both my housemates heard) I put the phone down after freezing up and instantly broke down into a mess of tears, only to be comforted with a cuddle from one of my housemates. In the end my mother ended up paying for all my transport to the wedding, so I was still able to move where I'm currently living. 

There's a lot more to all of this but I physically haven't got the energy or mental capacity to continue typing it all out, so I'll summarize. 

I was 18 when all of this happened. I'm now currently 19 going on 20 in September. I'm severely depressed, have crippling anxiety and want nothing more than to kill myself to end everything I'm currently feeling. Today, I found out the social services thing was a lie. They both wanted me gone. Understandable really with what I put them through, but I still feel hurt. I've done so much shit these past few months, hurt so many people in more ways than I deem acceptable as inevitable as it is to hurt people throughout your life. It's becoming unbearable and I can't take it any more. I've already planned out how I'm going to commit suicide, all that's left is to say goodbye to everyone. 

I'm done.

