TiredI'm so so so so tired. So fucking tired. I wish there was a way to measure it, to show them just how fucking tired, empty, consumed, done I am. 

I feel like shit but I don't want to talk to anyone. I don't want to go whine to the two decent people I know and care about. I hate to feel like a leech, sucking up love and positivity and spewing out a never-ending stream of pain, guilt, negativity, hopelessness. They live half the world away, I would only freak them out and they can't help me anyway. No one can. I don't know what to do. There's no realistic escape, nothing I can do to feel better. I'm a prisoner at this point. And, although I know I deserve to suffer — no need to explain, trust me I do —, I just can't take this level of agony day in day out anymore. I feel like I'm this close to losing my mind.

If I tell anyone I'm thinking about suicide again I'll put myself in an even shittier situation. I can't go on like this. I can't sleep. I can't even exercise atm so it's harder than ever to exhaust myself. But I don't want to be drugged out of my skull either. It's not sustainable anyway, how would that fix my life?

So I'm considering again. For me, even just knowing I have a plan makes me feel slightly better. You know? Like, I do have a way out if I reach a certain point. That makes me feel a bit more in control but people don't understand it I guess.

I met a cancer patient last year, a member of a pro-euthanasia group. It was for a school thing, and after watching a video we were asking questions and talking to the members and I said to this sweet old man something along the lines of "it seems to me like this (euthanasia) gives you people peace of mind even if you're not yet ready to do it". And he looked at me kind of surprised, kind of sad, kinda happy, and said that I was absolutely right. So I don't think it's that crazy at all, it's just that most people don't think about it cause they just don't need nor want to. 

It's been 4 years, I think I know what I'm doing this time. I'm considering my options and  possible timing. Not a date yet cause I have a few things to take care of first. My main concerns are a. not being found by family or friends and b. don't make it look like obvious suicide. I have a history so they will suspect it anyway, but I feel like if I can make it look like there's even just the possibility of an accident it'll be all right.