Two more failed attempts this weekend. I'm at the end of my rope and I'm scared.I've been in a very bad place for years, but I feel like I'm nearing the bottom now.

I have schizophrenia and DID, and I've never been able to get real help. In high school, it was because of my living situation with my parents. I always told myself that once I got to college, I'd be able to immediately get help, and that everything would be okay. I lost count of the times that I attempted during my senior year, but ultimately that thought - that I could eventually get better, and that it would just be another year - got me through it.

But now I'm in college, and I still can't do anything. I'm on my parents' medical insurance, which makes it so that I have no way of secretly getting help. My parents are abusive, but I rely on them to survive. I don't have any other source of income because as a severely disabled (and highly unstable) person I haven't had any luck getting a job. I don't even know if I'd be able to handle one, if I did.

I want to get better. I do. But when I break down, I can't think straight. I become delusional, I hallucinate, &amp; my impulse control goes out the window. I know that I need help, but I can't get it, and I'm extremely scared.

I don't think how bad I'm really doing even hit me until this weekend. I attempted, and was in the process of recovering (in a do-it-yourself way, via staying in bed &amp; ditching assignments that I wasn't in the right state of mind to be completing anyway) when I broke down again. I'm alright now, but the odds feel ridiculous, and I have no idea what's going to happen next.

I tried telling one of my friends, who lives just four floors down, but I could never go into detail about things. I just said that I'm doing badly, without elaborating much... I wanted to go into further detail, but now I feel like it isn't worth it, that I'd be bothering her or making her upset when she doesn't need to be. She always gets this look, like she's about to cry, and all I want to do is stop talking. I don't want to hurt her with any of this; I know it's already out of my hands, but I feel like that's one thing that I can still hang onto. I know that if I die then it wouldn't have mattered, but I keep thinking that maybe I can magically pull out of this. I don't think I can anymore.

I'm tired. After all the times that I've tried to end my life - sometimes for absolutely no reason at all - I shouldn't even be here anymore. I don't know what I'm supposed to do. I don't want to die now but when push comes to shove and it feels like the world is ending I can never hold on long enough. I can't keep this up and I don't know what to do.