A cry for help, I guess.For the past several years I've been depressed. Not majorly depressed though, I'd have moments of happiness. But even in the moments where I would be laughing and enjoying myself, there was always the subtle weight of depression hanging over my head. As the years went on, that feeling just kept getting stronger and stronger. I've dealt with suicidal thoughts in the past, but they were always just thoughts - I always knew I would never actually do it. But in the past few weeks these suicidal thoughts have been much louder and they're starting to sound more and more rational. 

I've always been quiet and introverted; I don't like talking to the people in my life about anything serious. I just hide my depression behind thick layers of ironic humor and it's fucked me up over the years. I'm completely lost and suicide sounds so fucking relaxing now. Knowing that I could just end all my problems and suffering so easily is such a comforting thought. 

I'm a junior in university, just transferred here from a community college. I've never known how to make friends. Now I'm living on campus with a bunch of people I don't know, not talking to anyone, not going out, not meeting new people. I'm a business major so there's a lot of pressure to be active in activities and get experience to add to my resume so I can get an internship and look attractive to employers. But I can't do any of that. My social anxiety is so fucking strong, how the hell am I supposed to get through life if I can't even do simple shit like talking to people? 

Life is supposed to be a healthy mix of doing things you enjoy and doing things you don't enjoy; I know it's not rational for a person to be happy all the time, enjoying every moment they're in. But for me, especially lately, there are seldom moments where I find I'm happy. The majority of my time is spent doing things I don't want to do. I don't find joy in anything anymore. Nothing excites me, nothing can motivate me, I feel so disconnected from other people. Everything is so dull. Even the things that I used to really enjoy, like sex for example, is just so bland. Sex used to be the one thing that I had that I really enjoyed. I used it to cope with my depression for the longest time. But now that's turned dull, just like everything else. 

If I don't find anything enjoyable anymore then what's the point? I genuinely cannot think of a reason to not kill myself. There's no reward in life anymore, why would I stick around? It's all just fucking shit and dealing with sadness and discomfort and anxiety all the time. I so badly want to just not exist. 

I don't know why I'm writing this. I've never talked to anyone about any of this because I don't know how to ask for help. I guess I'm just hoping someone can convince me that life is worth living, because I'm getting scared at how enticing suicide is becoming. 