I’d give anything to feel nothing again.Sorry for the rant/ramble. I just need to put it all out there. 

Do you ever miss the days when you were just numb? Disappointment, loneliness, anger, resentment, etc. all just felt like nothing? When you couldn’t even cry? Feeling those feelings again fucking sucks. 

It all seemed so hopeful and things were looking up. I found work I don’t find too terrible. I found another person who actually made me feel wanted. At that point it was just a waiting game, looking forward toward repairing my life and being in an actually favorable position again. 

But as usual, I fuck it up. I guess being happy isn’t meant for me. I know that being happy doesn’t mean being chipper and cheerful 100% of the time. But why do I always have to squander what I have? Am I just so irreparably broken? I guess that broken is the wrong word. I was never put together. Never whole. I’ve felt like I was so close to being there. 

I must just be a bad person. I push people away from me because I don’t want them to hurt me. I’m cold and feel like I’m incapable of being truly empathetic. I just don’t understand people and their emotions. How can I be so emotionally unavailable when all I want is to be able to have friends. Relationships. I’m not even sure I want to be with anyone romantically. I just want to be understood. I want to be loved. 

I guess it doesn’t help that I think I might be asexual, and I just don’t understand sex and sexual attraction. And that is important to everyone but such a small few people. Out of the 3 people I’ve ever been lucky enough to be with, they all felt like I don’t want them. That I don’t think they’re attractive. But I do. But I can’t express that. I just can’t. I don’t know how to explain how I feel. 

Being rejected by so many people, not even romantically but also just friendly, makes me feel so entirely fucking broken. Like I’m not even human. I’m not worth their time. They deserve to be with someone who cherishes them everyday. And I try. I try so hard to be a person like that. But I just can’t. It doesn’t feel like me. I just feel so cynical and disenfranchised to the world that no one could ever care for me. Because they don’t think I care for them. But I try to. But it’s just so hard to try. They always leave. One day it will be over and they’ll leave and be happy eventually. And then it will just be me. Alone. Again. And that hurts too much to deal with. Any time I see a beautiful woman who just seems so amazing, I can’t even imagine that she’d ever be interested in me. At least not seriously. But that’s not on me and that’s not on women in general. I’m not some disgusting incel who blames women for his personal issues and think they just use me for company until someone better comes along. But it has happened to me before. But that doesn’t mean that it’s every woman. Don’t get me wrong. But I also feel so damn unattractive that it doesn’t even matter. I’m a 21 year old guy who is 5’4” tall, and I look so damn unproportional. I’m deathly skinny and cannot bulk up no matter how hard I try. I can’t eat right without making myself feel so sick, which I think is the main problem. People also always tell me to stop overcompensating for just trying to be me. I worked in wildfire for a while, and it was my one true love in life, but my body can’t take it anymore. I love my truck but people say it must be because I have a tiny dick and a napoleon complex, only one of which is true. 

Anyway, on to my work life. I work in the summers seasonally so that means that when winter comes along I’m without work and have to find other, terrible shit to do to make ends meet. They never quite do. Thanks to my own shitty decision making and impulse control problems I’ve found myself without a permanent home and with quite a bit of debt. I’d kill to just be able to do nothing for a while. To spend my time doing what I actually enjoy. Which, as of late, I’m not really sure what that is. I just hate that I’m forced to give up so much of my freedom just to not live a shitty life on the streets like I used to. At one point in my life all I had was a backpack and a bicycle. And somehow I was happier then. But winters are too harsh and the street life is a little too rough between my bad joints and aching back now. Not to mention that my work at the time afforded me almost too much free time. Not much to distract myself from the bad thoughts. 

I don’t think I want to die. I just don’t want to live my current life. Every day is the same. I wake up too early. Go to work. Shoot the shit with the same people. Deliver shit to selfish, shitty people who think theyre the only people on the planet. Maybe one in a hundred people treat me as if I’m even a person, let alone someone with feelings. And then I go home way too late, and spend what little free time I have feeding myself, surfing through various dating apps through vapid, self-centered people who would never even make eye contact with me on the streets, and watch the same shitty videos and movies I have been for years. Until I fall asleep far too late and get far too little sleep. 

Sorry if this is wrong place for this but I just needed to say it and maybe I can find just one person that can relate to make me feel less alone and less broken.