I don't feel like I DESERVE to be aliveHopefully some of you can relate. I don't know if anyone even cares enough to read this, but I'm on my last leg today. 

Ever since I can remember, I've felt like it was in my cards to kill myself. Growing up, I was fat, ugly, and had an issue with excessive crying, bursting out into tears in class since I was in preschool. It never went away. I would have to be removed from elementary school constantly because I would just BURST out crying. Just always fantasizing about death and how I didn't deserve to be alive. My dad was pretty mean and hit me sometimes, but it was mostly yelling and swearing at me, never rape or anything ridiculously bad. 

When he hit me, I felt like I deserved it, because I was a "bad" kid for always crying in school and freaking out. Turns out the freaking out and crying was because I had OCD as an actual child, which is fairly rare. If I couldn't count in order or if I had an intrusive thought about contamination or God smiting me, I would cry. Had this occurred in adulthood, maybe I could have handled it with more grace, but when you're 7 and you "hear God tell you in your head that you have tapeworms," what are you supposed to do but have a panic attack?

My parents refused treatment for me because they said "I would grow out of it." This ostracized me at school to the point of other girls and boys calling me "psycho." I would wash my hands in the bathroom for 35 minutes and get in trouble for it, then get dragged back into the middle school classroom, crying. And, obviously, middle school girls + weird girl with bleeding hands= extreme bullying for me. 

This identity has never left me. I now feel like the crazy girl, and I eventually believed them when they said I should kill myself. I still feel like I am a freak. I used to do the whole shebang, the twitching face, the opening and closing the classroom door... I was a fucking freak and I would have been freaked out, too. My whole childhood, gone. I never had a childhood. I'm only going to live once, so now that the best years of my life are nothing, why keep living?

I never had a single friend growing up. Not one. My only friend was food, or my mom. This is pathetic. I would take it out on my mom (telling her I wished she was dead, calling her horrific swears, saying I wished I was aborted, threatening to kill myself to make her afraid as a kid). I didn't KNOW why I was so pissed at her... but in retrospect, I guess I was pissed because she would not help me... she just kept me her helpless, psychotic baby who still needed reassurance and help getting dressed in the morning. A part of me thinks she liked it... I was so mentally ill in 7th grade, I was afraid to touch my clothes because of "germs on them." My mother had to dress me when I was 12 years old. Still, no therapy allowed. Every day felt like fucking war. I lost 20 lbs from anxiety, I was too afraid to eat because I thought "there were aliens in my food." OCD as a kid SUCKS, because you don't have a great grip on reality to begin with...

This hurts me and keeps me up at night to this day, because my mother is actually the sweetest person alive. She NEVER hurt me, she just prevented me from getting treatment because she lives in complete denial of anything threatening. She even pretends my sister isn't gay because she thinks she can will things away. I feel bad for her cause I wonder if it is MY fault she became this way. Maybe if she didn't have a psycho cunt daughter with OCD who told her she hated her everyday, she wouldn't have turned to denial so often. What if I made HER crazy, too? I feel like a curse, and my dad called me that a lot as a kid, he also called me a fat cunt, etc. He told me "he tried to motivate me."

That clearly didn't work for my depression, because I'm still here, alone on a Friday night, posting to Reddit for help that I probably won't get. People will probably skim this, say TLDR, and move on. Because I'm fucking worthless. And I know it. You guys don't actually care about me.

I am here tonight because I feel like there is literally no hope for me. I have tried therapy, meds, etc. I am now 23 years old. I just graduated college. I made NO FRIENDS in college, because my OCD resurfaced in the form of a severe eating disorder. I lost 100 lbs and ended up 68 lbs at age 19. I almost died, and nobody at my school wanted to be seen with me because I was so disgusting and thin (the cruel irony when I grew up fat). Still, I got a 4.0 in college. I moved out at age 20 and got a job in a really cool place. I landed a near impossible job. I don't want to get into the specifics for confidentiality purposes, but I work at a studio as a filmmaker. 

When I tell people my life story, they judge me. Nobody ever looked at me the same after I made my college thesis film about having depression. I have several people in my alumni association telling everyone "she's crazy." It does more than hurt my feelings, it makes me want to fucking kill myself. I finally got this dream job, and here these assholes in the alumni association are, ruining my chance to start fresh and excel. I never hurt anyone. All I did was have a mental illness. And yet they want to ruin me. I don't feel like I can succeed at my new job now, since some of the alumni work at the same studio. If I am such a burden to my mom and dad, if I can't control my weight or eating now, why am I alive? 