I'm (M25) about to quit my new job because I've been having suicidal thoughtsI've been having a really bad time at my new job. Every day I hate it more, and I've only been there for two weeks. I'm at the parking lot, outside of my workplace as we speak, thinking about if I should just quit. 

I want to go in there and talk to my boss about how I'm feeling, but I don't even know if it's a good idea. I don't know how to explain why I want to quit. I feel horrible for avoiding my responsibilities as an employee, but I would feel worse if I was in there right now. I'm alrrady three hours late for my shift and I don't know what to say if I go in there. I have my resignation letter on my phone, because I couldn't print it this morning. 

This job is affecting my relationship with my girlfriend. I get home aggravated and angry at her for no reason at all. She wants to talk to me because she misses me, but I don't want to talk, because I'm too tired of people. All I want is silence and to be quiet. Everything is annoying. I really love my girlfriend. It was never like this before I started the job, but it's been different ever since. I hate this job so much I've thought about my girlfriend leaving me if I do it, and that still doesn't make me want to stay. 

 All I can think about when I get out of my job is how much I hate my life and how much I hate that I have to go in the next day. I was studying, but stopped because this job is draining my physical and mental health, and I can't focus on studies or even the things I like to do. What I want is to focus on my studies so I can have a job that I actually enjoy, but this job is sucking all my motivation away. I

This job consumes most of my days with 9 to 10 hour shifts, and all I can think about is how unhappy I am and that I don't want to live like this. I'd rather be dead and feel nothing than the horrible feelings this job is giving me. 

I'm also afraid to quit, because I know this is "how life works", because I'm an adult and it is expected of me to work. This is what my girlfriend told me too. And I'm here thinking that maybe I could keep holding these feelings to make money, but I don't know how much worse will this make me feel, and I know that if I go to my shift, I'll be feeling the same way tomorrow. If I stay at this job, I won't be able to focus on studying and I'll never get out of this loop. 

I was an hour late yesterday for the same reason. I just sit in the parking lot crying and weighing my options, thinking that if I was dead I wouldn't even have to be thinking about this.