I don't know what to doI had to move away from my friends and back into my mom's house with 2 kids and a wife. I have no decent job prospects, im 20k in 15% interest debt, today I bombed an interview at a place I really wanted to work, and my amazing cat ran away in an area he doesn't know and is so small of a town that it is unlikely he will ever turn up at a shelter. My little family has no insurance so if any one of us gets sick enough for the hospital, we can't afford with or without insurance. I have been thinking about this for years, even before assessing my current situation. I am a bad alcoholic sober for 120 days now and there is no light at the end of any tunnel. It takes everything I have to not cry the minute I wake up. I've tried talking to my family because I'm genuinely scared I will do it but no one ever responds well to "I think I might kill myself and I don't know what to do". I don't want to leave my kids alone, but I can't help but feel they would be better off in the long run without me. I have no positivity left in me about anything. The world is a dark place getting darker. My mother's husband has a few loaded guns in the next room that I can stop thinking about. The main thing holding me back is I don't want to leave that kind of mess for anyone, let alone my family. Hanging is the one I think about the most. It used to be occasionally I had suicidal thoughts but now it is every day. If I can find a small distraction like playing WoW, I can keep it out of my head for a little while, but the minute I snap back to reality, I am ready to die again. I want it, but I want it without leaving behind more pain for my parents who have already lost their other child. My little sister passing wasn't the cause of these thoughts, as I have been this way since I was a little kid, but it definitely compounded my issues. She was severely handicapped and I took care of her from the time I was 8. I was her primary caregiver even over my parents for most of her life. I made two attempts in my life. Both by hanging, one I broke the closet rod I was hanging from and the other one, my wife came home early from work and found me passed out hanged with a belt almost gone (before my kids). I don't know what to do, I don't know why im writing here. I just want anything to not make me feel this way. Nothing seems to help and it's only getting worse.