Day 5478.The thoughts have been a staple of my life. Not with a sense of urgency, but more of a safety blanket which has always been there as my ticket out if things got too rough.

My life is the same sob story as anyone elses in this sub. Same same but different. I fell ill when in my tweens and have been struggeling mentally and somewhat physically with the aftermath ever since. A breakup/cheating scenario with my the first love sent me into a spiral from which I never recovered. That's really the crux of it if I boil it down.

Without going into too much detail, I left everything behind about a year ago, moved half the planet away, took steps to improve my life (which to others seemed to be a successful one) and try to be happy. It worked better than I could have ever expected and I've had the best year of my life. 

Women seem to like me. I'm definitly far removed from a 10, but I am fit-ish, have a good sense of humor and appear confident. Tho I've never been able to get myself to do anything but run away. Made a decision to try to put myself out there, which recently lead to me getting a gf (second girl I've ever kissed) for the first time in 15 years. I loved her more than I thought could be possible. 

I was happy. A genuinly happy guy with really bad thoughts.

Needless to say, it didn't pan out. She loves me but needs time to figure herself out. "It's not you, it's me. Lets be friends". First anxiety attacks of my life ensued. Next day I fall ill from aforementioned illness again. The anxiety meds made me high as a kite, so that was fun, but the chemo that followed chrused whatever was left of me. 5 months after the breakup, and I'm still in crippling mental pain. I tried the rebound thing, but it only made it worse. I now feel as if I've cheated on a girl who doesn't want to be with me. It's all very very pathetic, but this is my life now.

People think of me as successful and an alpha, or so I've been told, and I've had people looking to me for guidance or leadership for most of my adult life. I'm guessing it stems from the, apparently, well constructed fasade I've built over the years. I have a very high IQ, which I think helps me fake it well enough. People respect and like me, and most people would say I live a pretty kick-ass life where I'm now sitting on my pot of money in my penthouse apartment in a place that could only be described as paradise. The saying about the blind leading the blind comes to mind. It's all very comical when I think about it. You know... "ha ha"-funny.

I have given up. There has been far too much hurt for far too long, and it all feels incredibly unfair. I am so very tired. I fear I am unable to take much more. I've started a list on my computer desktop of things that make life worth living. It fucking scares me how short it is.

So here I am. The thoughts have gotten very specific, and I've never been as close -- there's now a cliff with my name on it. I hope I will be able to muster the courage. I definitly can't go on by myself any more. 

Thank you for taking time to read my jibberish. You are a better person than I am.

This is my 5478th day of suicidal thoughts. 