I guess anything would help.I don't know where to start. I guess i will just tell you guys my life story then. i don't know.
My mum is a junkie with periods where she would be clean then she would get back on drugs. She was clean when i was born up to about when i was six. i have five siblings me being the eldest. She was semi functional, school was a bit patchy but we still kinda went. i left on the first year of high school my brothers and sisters didn't finish high school but made it a lot longer then i did. We would have children services come over here and there and though the fear that they would break us up we lied and schemed to get them to leave. We would not answer the door, clean up our house and make sure mum was there when they came again. I would search the streets at night and break into car windows for pocket money. I don't know how my mum manged it but we still had food and shelter we were just slightly neglected.
I found a job helping a removelist when i was 14 i loved my boss i never had a father figure in my life and even though he was really just some guy who needed help i don't think he knew i respected him so much cause i was pretty quiet but i loved talking to him about business,sports,politics whatever. 

One thing about him that really impleanted in me was the idea that you can achieve something, you can have money be your own boss you just have to do it. It sounds lame but up to that point i had never really connected to someone who was a do'er someone with a job who did what they said they would do. There was periods at that time when my mum would ask for all my money which wasn't much about $100 a week she wasn't threatening she just asked and i 
would give it to her like a fucking idiot. Looking back at it from now i always felt good 
doing it cause i would think it would make her love me.

I had a great work ethic when i was 18 i owned a van and my own little business delivering 
anything i could, i had ads in the back of the local papers. I had my own place, i had two sisters and one brother with me. I had no social life i took another job, i was supporting them as they went to school, the only time i would do anything normal was come home and go on to the Internet and fuck around. 

And that's it, that's what iv been doing for the last eight fucking years different jobs though different siblings they come in some leave some come back, they love me and they appreciate what iv done but still i feel like crying i want to goto university, i want to be somebody. and i can't even say iv done a real good job on my family. Two of my sisters got pregnant one of my brothers moved to another state to get away from the police. I feel stuck. One of my sisters was bullied in school she was also violently raped shes a shut in, shes the only one that has been a constant with me since the start i wish i could find the right combination of words that would just brighten her world view, soon as i come home she comes to see me until i gently tell her iv got to have my time now which is the only time i get alone,and i feel guilty every time, I'm pretty sure I'm the only one she socializes with in real life, i love her, i love all of them but i hate this shit, i want to leave. 

I have tried to commit suicide before but my heart wasn't in it. I feel like I'm getting older and stupider and fatter i have less and less to offer anybody, i feel like all my energy is spent on trying to hold on. I use to have suicidal thoughts every couple months then every couple weeks then more and more offen like a beep on one those machines that keep your heart beat in hospital and its coming more and more offen, daily now until i fucking flat line. This is the first time iv cried in a long time.

A lot of people criticize the Internet likes it's some sort of loner loser place, but i learnt fucking philosophy through the Internet, I became made aware of minds greater then i could have ever have expected. The isolation i would have gone though without it, i have no idea how i would have gone. I don't think i will kill myself writing this puts things a little into perspective but I'm going to post anyway,i want life to change any ideas guys?