I was depressed, but posting made me feel even worse and suicidal, since no one wants to help.Ohh yea first of all, I'm not a girl, so lots of people might stop reading from this point.

When I was 16 years old I had no friends, never had a girlfriend, had very poor grades, and was unemployed. My life was going nowhere and I could see this was going to continue. I disliked my appearance and height, hoping those things would change as well. People would always say things like "You're only 16, things will improve for the better," and stuff like that.

Fast forward, I'm almost 19 and a half and I have made no progress in life. I have literally no friends, never had a girlfriend, I'm still unattractive and not tall, and my grades are very bad (a solid 2.0) in college. I was very close to losing all my financial aid. I have been going to the gym for 3 years consistently with no progress. I can see that things will never get better even with effort. I am tired of people giving false hope. Age makes things worse if anything.

If I cant get friends, then how can I get a girlfriend? I am a person too, and I am very tired of being alone my entire life. One of my big fears is that ill be mid 20s and still alone. I was alone at 16, 19 and probably the rest of my life, if I live through it. I did manage to get a summer job, and I was always alone while the coworkers were in groups and I was by myself. I am not good looking at all, and I'm sure everything would be better if I were tall and white. I wont ever be able to find someone who likes me for me. My grades can never go up. I don't see myself making any progress in life, and theres no passion for anything. Most of this is because of my low self esteem from being unattractive. Genetics and my low confidence are an issue. I've never asked anyone out either. People don't pay attention to me because of that. Looks are everything. People don't care unless youre rich, dead or good looking. Any advice on how to be good looking, how to get a girlfriend (any way at all), how to get grades up with fear of failing, or how to improve my life in general? Ill take any advice, because things get worse as you get older and I'm sure of that.
