This morning, I found and read my best friends suicide letter. Today when he got off work he packed his car to go camping by himself and I couldn't stop him. I need adviceAny advice is welcome. I [23F] found my best friend and roommate's [31M] (we'll call him S) suicide letter this morning. I went into his room halfway looking for a note, since I've had a bad feeling in my gut all morning and he's been acting weird. I read the letter and got really scared and emotional, but when I called him in a panic he was at work and he sounded normal. My other roommate is a 9-1-1 operator and I've been texting him about what I should do, and he said to just stay with S all day when he gets home. I was planning on getting him to go to the gym or on a walk with me, but when he came home he started packing his Tahoe with pillows, blankets, his guitar and amp, video games and extension cords, and clothes. He only brought a tiny bottle of water, and no food that I could see. 
I asked him where he was going and he said he was going to check out this spot of land that his mom bought, which is supposedly haunted. I tried to talk him out of it saying it's too cold and rainy. When he brushed that off I told him I'm not comfortable with him leaving and that it's not the right time, to wait until his brother or I can go with him. He said he wanted to be alone. Finally I told him that I read his letter and that I couldn't let him go camping by himself. I started sobbing and he gave me a really long hug and told me that he wasn't going to do anything, and that he even has an appointment on Monday with a therapist. He is the type of person who would lie about something like this, so I mostly didn't believe him. I was texting my 9-1-1 operator roommate (we'll call him D) at this time and he told me to get the license plate and the address of the property. I couldn't get the licence plate number because it's a temporary one and the window tint is too dark. S told me that there's no address at this place. I gave him a couple more blankets and also a long note I wrote to him this morning after I found his letter. He drove away about fifteen minutes ago. 

The only people who know where this place is are his mom and brother, whose numbers I don't have but I could get them if I tried. Should I try and send someone out there? Or do you think I'm overreacting? I feel like he wouldn't pack a bunch of fun things to do if he was going to kill himself. Also his birthday is on Sunday and I told him that I would be counting on him being back that night. He promised he would be. I'm just scared and I don't want to not do something and regret being passive about this later if he does follow through.