The Only Way Out...Before I start I want everyone to know this is not a call for attention. I want help but I've given up.. So here it is. 

I'm a 27 year old male. And my life has been one constant disappointment and failure. I have had short periods of happiness and success, I almost had a baby girl.. However even that was selfishly taken from me. Now-a-days I spend my time alone with my dog, when I'm not being verbally abused by my mother and sister or being physically abused by my brother I hide in my room with him. It is the only place I feel truly safe. I've struggled with drug addiction since I was 18, from pills to IV Heroin use.. To everything and anything else you can imagine... That lead to 8 years of my life spent in and out of institutions, forced away from my family by my mother at 18 when I came to her asking for help with my abuse of opiod pills, instead of helping me she threw me away to rot in rehabs in and out, whilst my brother whom is 3 and 1/2 years older than me got to stay at home in the loving and comfortable embrace of my mother and smoke his meth. He was always very abusive, to the point of putting his hands on my mother, yet she still holds him in a higher standing than myself. I am a simple doormat. My sister disregards me as a person, to her I am more of a walking waste of space who deserves nothing less than complete and total verbal demoralizaton... She's 1 and 1/2 years younger than myself. Than there is my mother... She wasn't always like this, shames me when I cry, minimalizes every emotion I have by scoffing or acting disgusted that her 27 year old man of a son would even show such weakness.. It kills me when she does this... Yet I still continue to try and please her every demand whether it be clean the house or do her errands. I am but a yes man to a house of bullies. She wasn't always like this, I don't remember my childhood.. Repressed due to the actions of a verbally abusive father to which I got the worst of. I wasn't the son he wanted, I was weak. I didn't like fighting or other "manly" activities like my brother did.. Although I did enjoy camping, the beauty, peace, and freedom of nature was the only reason I truly survived my childhood. My mother stood up for me whenever he would get out of hand with his words, finally at age 11 they divorced and we were finally free. But during those years I was my mother's comforting ear and safety, she slept in my room to avoid him for years, nothing sexual just safety. We supported each other became codependent on each other and it worked. When I was forced into rehab with the ultimatum of "if you don't go you will be cut off from the family" I couldn't bear the thought of losing my mother so I went. This was the beginning of the end. The rehabs would lie and make my mother feel as if it was her fault I was the way I am and over time our connection disappeared... To the point of now she can barely stand the sight of me.. My brother beat me two weeks ago, she said she wished he would have put me in the hospital so I would "really have something to cry about" I've developed PTSD, whenever I hear my brothers jingling keys enter the house I lock up and shake and feel as if the air that I breath has disappeared from the room.. I am now inable to work, I don't trust anybody... I met a girl, the first real relationship I've ever had! It was amazing my relationship with my mother returned, my sister loved me again and my brother treated me like a brother... Well nothing good lasts for me. At five months pregnant upon waking up from a nap at 25 years old the girl came to me almost immediately with an odd smirk on her face and stated "I'm aborting the baby... And we are breaking up" my heart sank and I sobbed... I relapsed that day on alcohol.. That run lasted a year. When I came out of it I wasn't the same. My family was worse, (small detail whenever I was not in rehab I maintained a job, until I inevitably relapsed and was sent back. However for the past seven years my brother has been using non stop and has never even been kicked out of the house from his behavior, also hasn't had a job for six years straight. Yet im told every minute of every day if I don't get a job I will be out on the street) I am sober now. I just can't do it anymore, I'm empty inside I have no want or drive to do anything. I'm waiting until my next refill of medications next month and I will be moving on to the next plane of existence. I've stated to my family and all my mother has to say is "just do it already, don't threaten me" when it's not a threat it's a cry for help! She's a nurse for christ sake.. No compassion nor empath from anyone in my family.. A family that used to be so close... I guess this is my statement? In 16 days I will no longer be breathing. I will just be an empty Vessel... I mean you could say that's what I am right now... The only thing that has stopped me is my dog.. I rescued him but as much as I love him it is no longer enough to match the pain I feel. I'm a 27 year old male, I've tried everything to make my life liveable... And it's not possible. Goodbye dear world.. If my family ever reads this, I want you all to know that I told you this would happen and you all laughed and continued to abuse me. I can't go on any longer being afraid, my PTSD going untreated. The disgusted looks when I can't control my emotions. I'm driven to this... Farewell... May the next plane be free of pain...