I hate my duty station and want to kill myselfThis going to be really long but please take the time to read, I really need help.
Okay. So, I am a 20 year old female, married to my wife who is in the Air Force. This is her first duty station and we are both so unhappy. Our base is in the middle of nowhere (desert). Since we have moved here nothing but bad things have happened and I'm so unhappy, stress caused me to have a mental breakdown last year and I had my lincese taken away from me and ended up losing my job which I hated anyway but losing that income really hurt us, we are horribly in debt. I had/have no friends of my own and my wife works all the time so I'm completely alone, the only person I got along with was our mutual friend who ended up sexually assulting me and now we both have to see him everywhere because there is nowhere to go and their flight chiefs agreed that he would stay away from us and that's all that happend. it kills me to see him.. I was raped prior to moving here and I feel like I'm in a deeper hole now, our "friend" sexually assulted me and he gets a slap on the wrist and I lay awake at night feeling ugly and disgusted in my own body. My mother is dying and I'm thousands of miles away from her and know I won't be there to say goodbye. I just want to die. I feel like such a burden on my wife (who I think is depressed as well) she has to take me everywhere because I can't drive and she has to constantly check in on me to make I haven't killed myself yet but I know that it's going to happen. I'm so miserable. I've tried really hard to make my living situation better and nothing works. I'm ready to give up at least then maybe my wife can live her life without the hassle of me. My depression has taken such a big toll on our relationship, I love her so much but that's not enough to make me feel better. I just want to feel better. I want to be happy. I miss my family. I miss feeling like life was worth living. I just want to die, I don't want to hurt anymore. I have pills and razors hidden and I'm scared of what I might do, I feel like my head is going to explode. Please help me