Suicide seems like the only option. Why is it so hard?I've been hospitalized twice in the past year, both times against my will. I had psychotic breaks, the first of which I don't remember at all and the second I remember all too well. The hospital trips each lasted about two weeks, and they were HELL. 

After the first trip to the hospital, they put me on a lot of meds. If I remember correctly, it was Ativan, Prozac and Risperdol. I struggled a lot. I felt worse than I did before being hospitalized. After being discharged I went through bureaucratic hell, having nowhere to turn after my first hospital trip. Even my therapist couldn't get the folks from the hospital to send her documentation of my stay, and I was not set up with any outpatient care expect to see a nurse practitioner to talk about my meds.

When I ended up in the hospital a second time, I was once again placed on a seemingly random cocktail of meds. The doctor was very rude to me and did not listen to me pleas to be discharged. He did not take the time to get to know me. It was a different doctor than my first trip. I ended up going to court to fight to get out, but I was denied. I did get moved to a better unit (my roommate had hit me in the middle of the night, another patient threw a chair at me, etc.) Now it's on my record that I've been to the hospital. 

When I was finally discharged, my therapist fought to get me into a DBT group therapy run through the same organization where I was hospitalized. Honestly, it didn't help at all, and eventually my work schedule made it so I couldn't go anymore, which I was okay with. I also stopped taking my meds and started taking St. John's Wort and 5-HTP which have seemed to have some positive effect. 

The day after the second trip, my boyfriend broke up with me. After that I had the worst summer of my life, basically didn't see any friends and just worked, then came home and spaced out until work again. I cried a lot. The ex-boyfriend and I ended up hooking up again for a couple months, and a month ago I was diagnosed with herpes. He is the only person I have slept with in a year and a half, and it was crushing. He claims not to have slept with anyone else, and did get a cold sore shortly after giving me oral sex, so that is possibly how I ended up with this STD. 

I feel worthless now. He won't answer my calls and barely talks to me. I don't have any close friends I feel I can talk to. I feel like no one will ever love me now that I have this STD. I know I'm going to die alone. My only family is my Dad, who just turned 60, and my severely disabled sister who functions at the level of a 5-year-old. Barring suicide or a freak accident, I will surely outlive both of them, and then I will be truly alone. 

The problem with suicide is that it is so fucking difficult. This may seem like an obvious statement, but it really is. I've tried a few methods, none of them have worked. Other methods don't seem like an option. I'm too scared to jump off a building or anything like that. 

I don't know what to do now. I live alone with my dog. I love him so much, but I know my Dad would take him in if anything happened to me. Unless I go to the bar and drink away my feelings, I pretty much sit at home by myself. 

Suicide truly seems like my best option, and yet, I don't know how to do it. 