Could my purpose in life be to die?Hello just some background info on me I am an 18 year old female. I was diagnosed with major depressive disorder as well as generalized anxiety disorder and panic disorder years ago. I have been in and out of treatment and have spent months in partial hospitalization as well as one inpatient stay. I have tried every treatment, medication, and type of therapy and none have helped. My psychiatrist said there is nothing else she can do to help me a year ago. I have continued to try to get better but it seems as though I am just destined to fail. I applied to colleges and got accepted to some very good schools, but rejected from my top choice. Due to my health I am unable to live a normal life and miss a lot of school. I don't remember the last time I was happy. Every time I am trying to get better something happens that deters me. I do not want to get into detail because there have been so many things that have gone wrong. My sister and my family suffer so much watching me be sick. They have been suffering for years and my mom constantly cries and asks how it's possible that I still haven't gotten better. I can not bear to see them in pain. I always believed that my purpose in life was to be a doctor and help others. However, there seem to be endless obstacles that continue to arise and prevent me from reaching my goal, despite me truly trying as hard as I can to overcome them. I have put all of my energy into getting my life back on track and I have stayed the same if not worse. It occurred to me that maybe my true purpose is not to help others but to die. Maybe my suicide will help someone else in some way. My family will not have to watch me suffer and perhaps then my younger sister will be able to live a normal and happy life. I can already tell I am beginning to cause her problems and I don't want her to grow up suffering as I do. Maybe without me my parents and sister will continue to be a happy family as they were before I got sick. My family is amazing and they have no issues except me. Could it be possible that my true purpose in life is to commit suicide? Please do not tell me to see a therapist or doctor because I have been seeing them for years and have tried every available medication and have seen over 5 psychiatrists and 15 therapists. 