Something is making me do this....This is 100&amp;#37; serious. i'm not mentally stupid or deluded, this is all based on whats been happening.

Here is some context of what i think is the cause to the feelings, For the past 6 Years ive suffered from mental illnesses, first was depression then came anxiety and then anger issues. i suffer from PTSD and aspegers, along with other contributing mental illnesses. But the issue is that everyday without fail i feel an intense feeling in my chest. I know this is related to my mental illnesess but the feeling is so strong and so physical, it feels as if there is a dark energy inside growing and affecting my mood when it reaches a certain point. The feeling really flares up when i'm angry as if its fuelling my anger, when i get into an episode or rage it can take weeks just to calm down alone because this feeling just overwhelms me. I can even predict when i'm going to have a really bad moment with this feeling, as it builds and reaches its peak. I know this is the result of some mental health issue. but i'd like to know which one and the doctors and therapists i ask don't focus on it, only focusing on controlling it. It could be the result of anxiety and PTSD but the feeling seems to react when i'm angry, when i see someone i dislike in a bad situation the feeling seems to die down a fair lot. I even have moments of peace in the morning where i wake up and the feeling doesn't arise, i get at least 10 to 20 minutes before i feel it coming on. Like a bubble or volcano building up pressure until it pops \[i rage\] and then the cycle starts again.

i know it will affect me for the rest of my life... I have tried clearing my mind but its always there.The answers everyone is pointing to is anxiety, but even when i'm doing nothing and feel safe, the feeling is there, and such a feeling has to be more than anxiety at work, maybe something physical? 

I have tried everything to be free of it. ive spoken to doctors, psychiatrists, psychologists. etc its not going away. I tried to end it. ive been cutting. not all over but in one spot. deeper and deeper. let it heal and then do it in the same spot. the more i do it the less i feel. i know where the artery is. i dont tell anyone im doing this either. i'm going to hit the mark very soon.

when i rage i will not stop, i see red and i can tare a door off its frame in seconds. my strength from the anger alone is terrifying. when i rage i'm not me. i blackout i dont remember the event at all.

My main issues are 

depression

Anxiety

OCD

I dont hear voices in my head, rather i get feelings as if something is controlling me while i zone out. it wants to harm those i hate. it feeds off misery, yes when i see others in pain or misery i get amusement for it as if it feels good. i'm not evil and i don't wish harm on anyone. Hell i even have sympathy for inanimate objects. i try to end it because its making ME suffer, and i dont want to lose it and become some mindless monster. 

when the feeling comes on i hear a noise that sounds like some rising energy. like a door opening to let this energy loose. the sound in my head is something that has been associated with the feeling

I don't believe entirely in demons or ghosts, i'm not religious really. I just feel as if something is taking over, i dont feel like i belong in this body. I even have precognitive dreams, it is becoming something now that i am able to prove it to people. it only shows bad things that are going to happen. and they happen. 

I'm not crazy or deluded and think i'm some sort of psychic being controlled by aliens or some crap, It honestly feels like there is something evil manifesting inside me whether its a split personality or some mental health condition or a damn demon or something i don't know. 

All i know is that i have to kill myself eventually to stop it. I know asking for tips here wont help me get my answer. does anyone have anything they can share?