Fuck my lifeGrad school looks like a bleaker and bleaker prospect, the first girl I've dated in the year since I've moved out here just decided to go back to her long distance boyfriend, friends cancelled on me for this weekend, another girl who was interested in a date starting talking about marriage and the date isn't until Saturday.  New Jersey is a cesspool and I hate my job and my life.  I see no reason to continue.  My friend reminds me there are people that love me, I told her I don't see the point when they are 1000 miles away and I would see them for maybe a week out of the year at most.  My friends in New York aren't real friends.  They are acquaintances.  Not enough coping mechanism to deal with the pain.  Decided not to drink any alcohol because I don't have enough to kill myself.

I see no winning scenario.  I was finally building some semblance of a life, happiness, and possible career move.  At some point you get tired of seeing it all knocked down, the best years of your life carelessly float away on all of the broken plans you've made.  At some point the only winning move is not to play.  And we all get there at some point any way.

Really, I just kind of want to be done with life.  It wasn't what I thought it was.  So far from it.  And it seemed to hold so much promise.  We were all lied to.  You become a slave to a corporation or you watch yourself give away building any semblance of a career or if you want to go alternative you're blocked at every path and the gatekeepers don't let you in.  I have enough debt this is a moot point anyway.

What I really want to do is start over.  I've fucked up so much.  I just want to be someone else.  The person who I thought I should be.  All I wanted to do was be an engineer and make cool inventions and just help people.  Not to be stuck in a lifeless office full of miserable New Jersey scum that hate their lives.  I am stuck in a toxic hell, corrupted by it, absorbed by it.  I am a part of it now.  I am one with the bullshit, part of the grey twilight.

I've never had drug problems.  I had a minor alcohol problem I kicked last year.  I've never had LGBT problems; I identify as straight but I've never been hostile towards my bi-curious feelings.  I come from a relatively middle class family of a blue collar worker who makes good money.  I have no logical reason to be upset.  My job pays ok but I have debt.  Mostly I'm a disappointed optimist turned cynic turned confused 25 year old who has realized there is no end to the tunnel.  There is no escape, no great victory. There is only the slow monotonous march towards the end.  I have no great gift for the world as I believed.  I am nothing special.

All I wanted to do was help the world.  All I wanted to do was leave it a better place than I found it.  And I can't even do that.

I'm 1000 miles from people who care about me.  I owe too much, I can't turn back.  I don't know who I am.  I don't know who I want to be.  I just want to go back to who I used to be, someone who thought they could make a difference in the world before seeing how little most people care.  Self-destructive animals.

Maybe I'm not suicidal.  Maybe I'm just really disappointed.  At the world.  At myself...

Well it's time to go to bed.  I have to go get some sleep so I can work my job I hate in 6 hours, to pay for my car and apartment so I can keep going to my job that I hate... while using the remaining money to pay off my student debt.  And I'm an engineer.  How the fuck the rest of you deal with this is beyond me.  Maybe with friends.

Just the act of typing this out, of crying has been therapeutic.  I still feel alone.  But the weight has been lifted.  The crushing feeling has passed.  And now I can begin to figure my way out of the situation I've dug for myself.  I can breathe again.  The anger has settled.  The calm is here.

