I feel like if I drop dead all of a sudden one day, nobody would give a shitSo I'm back again since this is my only place of letting off steam. Why I say that nobody would care is because I'm a shitty person: I am rude to my family and friends and I make cruel jokes at their expense, I betrayed my boyfriend and my best friend and now he doesn't want anything to do with me, I'm not a good student too, I barely read or have vast knowledge of anything, in a group of friends I feel like if I leave right now nobody would even notice (that has happened), nobody wants to message me or talk to me nowadays, I'm not hot or beautiful and not being that on top of not being a good person sucks even more, I feel like nobody thinks I'm cute or sexy or whatever validation we need from people, I don't really 'hate' myself but I certainly don't love myself, I'm always complaining (just like right now), I have no future plans and have nothing figured out for college, I have no interests in activities that I'm good at, and other than them I have no skills or interests, I just sit around on my ass all day and do nothing and when I try it's never anything useful, I have no dreams or ambitions, my friends forget about me, I cry all the damn time or at least am on the verge of it 24/7, my boyfriend of 4 years is probably going to break up with me very soon, he isn't talking to me and ignores me now (it's not his fault by the way, I did something terrible), all I think about is killing myself. I'm gonna do it one day very soon I just don't know how. This is too overburdening and it's hard to handle and it never gets better. I can guess the kind of replies on this post and I appreciate it but I don't think they will help me if they are what I think they are.

I just wish, everyday when I wake up, that I would've just died in my sleep or dropped dead one day. Every single day and every single second. I hope that happens soon because who the fuck would even care. The people I love the most don't even like me anymore. I was honestly better off as a baby or a toddler, at least I was cute and quiet. I feel bad for my parents, brother, friends and most importantly my boyfriend that they all have to deal with me on a daily basis...or maybe I guess not anymore since I'm lonely. I don't know how I even got like this or when, but I know I'm a bad person and I can't change myself neither reverse the damage so me just disappearing from this Earth forever is the only solution.