I've tried my best.I've never really posted in these kinds of forums before, or ever really talked openly about my problems. I guess that's why I am where I am now?
I'm 19, and about 10 years ago, I was molested repeatedly by a local man in my town over the period of about a year. I've never come forward about it, because other girls have done so before and he's been convicted and released back out by the end of the year. In fact, I've never really told anyone. I live in a small rural Irish town, so I continue to see him every other time I leave the house. When I was 16, he used to watch me outside my bedroom window. At this time, I considered murdering him, but never followed through.
All of this, combined with a rocky childhood and a bunch of mental health problems have made the last 10 years really, really difficult. I've tried desperately to stay positive. I've built a network of friends, and have a wonderful mother and sisters. I try to appear friendly and bubbly, try to keep doing the things I liked, and maintain the appearance of a normal teenage girl. 
But on the inside, there's nothing there. Does that make sense? Any semblance of a person had been basically destroyed ten years ago, so now I'm just going through the motions. I don't enjoy anything I used to. I want to believe things can get better if I just try, but doing my best every single day has only left me with a weak facade of normalcy and feeling completely hollowed out.
The only hope I've had lately was for a summer job I applied to. For the last while, I was kept going by the thought that the only reason the restaurant hadn't gotten back to me was because they hadn't opened up yet, and I just had to be patient and keep hoping. Today, I found out they'd given the job to someone else. Sounds strange, but somehow this has been the catalyst for me. I think I'm going to kill myself.
I'm not sure when and I'm not sure how, but I think it'll be soon. I've attempted before, somehow entirely in private with no one finding out because I COMPLETELY botched the job in cartoonish ways. The first time, I emptied a box of paracetamol into me and waited to die, but there wasn't enough left in the box to finish me off. The second time, I tried carbon monoxide and sleeping tabs while I was home alone, but didn't realize I'd left the window open. (In case you didn't gather, I'm a moron.) 
My only worry is leaving my mother and sisters behind. I wish there was a way to know the least traumatic way to kill yourself for your family members. The absolute last thing I want to do to my family is inflict this upon them. I've reasoned it out with myself for years, and kept on living for that reason alone, but I just can't do it anymore.