Homework makes me suicidalI'm a 15 year old girl. I lived in a country close to China so my school is closed since Feb and I received a lot of homework every week. I mean literally tons of them. Homework has taken over every part of my life. I don't have time for leisure activities and I feel incredibly stressed. 

The teachers do not teach or teach very little in online lessons and we have to self learn most of the stuff. My grades are quite good before but in these months in some subjects I don't even know what I'm learning. I can't understand by my own so I just copied answers from my classmates. 

My school is gonna reopen in 27 may and we will have exam in just one to two weeks. I'm afraid that my grades will drop drastically in this  exam. In this year we have to choose our elective subjects to study in the next three years (high school). The priority is base on our grades. So this year somehow decides my future. If I choose some subjects that I'm not good at I will screw up in the public exam and cannot go to college. 

Back to the homework topic, I'm a person that lacks creativity. I have no problem in doing my maths and science homework( actually I like maths )but it's really hard for me to write a piece of writing. And I write extremely slow, I just can't concentrate well. It takes at least 4-6 hours for me to write 1200+ in Chinese or 500+ in English (the minimum word count of writing homework). I tried copy some on the internet but the teachers found out and asked me to redo. I often cry when doing homework. 

Btw i have suicidal thoughts since i was 10 and i have a few suicide attempts before in the previous few months since November 2019. I can't cope with stress and when I face problems the first thing that appears in my head is to die. Every time I hang for a few secs i don't kick the chair then I get off the knot before my consciousness fades away.

Once I told my mom that I want to die and she became very mad. She said that she won't waste money to hold my funeral and will throw away all my possessions. My family members are sick asf they don't care about what I feel they just demand for good grades and yell at me when I score low mark. ( not failing exam I have never failed an exam, just not so high mark) fuck Asian parenting. 

Recently I have been doing hw constantly for a few days non stop. My moms thinks that I become hard working but actually I plan to kms on Friday night when everyone is sleeping. I just don't want to left the work undone. And I don't want to receive the new hw in the next week. I become depressed for a period of time and lost all my interest in anything. Life is so hard and I hate this world.