Hey you all, I am in a very dark place that I have not been in since months ago.All my life things have been bad for me. Dad left, was molested, beaten, around drugged up family members, bullied 24/7 in school (gay in a small town), mom an alcoholic, etc I'll spare you the details. But since I was 12 I developed severe depressive disorder and severe social anxiety. Had antidepressants and hated the side effects and never could afford a therapist. I had numerous suicide attempts and notes but one thing kept me going...the hope of finding true love. I knew that if nobody loved me it wouldn't matter as long as I had that special someone who did, who loved me above all else, who always had my back, who would take my pain away, glue my heart back together, heal my broken soul, and make everything I was going through worth the endurance. It would be me and him against the world always and forever. Well something happened in July 2017, I met this guy who was a dream to look upon. His smile ended the wars in my heart. But then I realized he was taken so I'd never ever try anything at all because it's against my moral code. But he messages me and we become good friends. Then fast forward to March 1st 2018, I'm now about to turn 18 on the 31st and he just turned 16 and his boyfriend left him. We've been talking and I've been helping him and he now wants something more. I couldn't believe it, I thought he was too good for me. We spend perfect days and nights with each other. It's long distance because his parents won't let me see him, his dad hated me no idea why. He always had bad things to say about me that would hurt me a lot. I tried getting him to talk on the phone with me to try and let him know my intentions and everything but he says (what's the point you're (my bf) just going to leave him anyway). And in a way he was right...my bf who I loved more than anything and would do anything for, is leaving for Germany. We had a plan about when he was 18 me going down there to be with him and get us a small apartment. But now it's crushed because he wanted Germany and it would be 4-9 years until we saw each other. So on August 14 we split up, and today he's on a plane. I want to die. I've been self harming, I hate college, people are always mean to me, I have nobody, I let myself go because I stopped exercising, started eating like crazy, and in all honesty I haven't brushed my teeth. I can't get out of bed for any reason other than to eat. I think I might kill myself soon. I don't know what else to do. I hurt so fucking much. I gave him my all but it wasn't enough. There are parts of me with him I'll never get back. Worst of all, I'm all alone. No friends, barely any family, and the man who made me love so deep it made the ocean jealous, left me for a location.