Advil.I'm starting to think that I might actually consider it as an option if things get worse.. Everything's just so tumultuous right now. My head hurts, my heart aches, my eyes are sore, my legs are tired, my brain is drained from all the studying and catching up to do.

I look at the Advil bottle that I take to relieve the headache and sometimes thing, how nice would it be to not have to stress about all of this anymore.

Mom, Dad, Brenda. I've always felt like I underappreciated what you've done for me, and the unconditional support. Home is safe, and home is something that I can count on. Thank you for that stability.

Fiona, you've listened, and I like your thoughtful insight on actions that I can take to make my life better. I like how I feel grounded whenever I go into your office and just spill everything out. It's nice.

Calvin.. It's nice to have someone that I have so much in common with. Although deep talks don't really happen, our discussions about everything under the sun are fucking wonderful.

Christina.. I know you want to help. Your decision was made based on how you were feeling, and feelings are always valid right? Maybe it would have been a good idea to make a decision when you were less stressed, but I don't think it's my job to tell you that. I know you really want to help, but my gut feeling is screaming something to do with guilt. After all, you left the first time having thought about the possibilities.. right? Why enter my life again to help, only to leave again when I'm alright and repeat this whole cycle again?

Jenny, your hugs and how you care during the most important times is pretty great. Today, when I told you I couldn't function, when you demanded that I come over.. that made me feel wanted and alright.

Martin, you're a marvel. You work hard, and you suffer daily from your arthritis. Respect, to the life that you live, and your strong belief and commitment in your family, and your choices.

And to myself, I appreciate how your first instinct is to try to fight your way out of this. You wanted to stay at Waterloo, and you wanted to get through this term for yourself. You've tried to make changes to your life that the counsellors all say are healthy.. Thank you for trying, but, sometimes, you just don't have the energy, health, and time to do what you want to.

I hope this gets better, for my sake, and for the people around me.