No where to go. Please come lie to me.Ever since I went back to work I feel crushed. I think about dying all day. I have to physically stop myself from driving my car into buildings and other cars. I want to die.

Suicide hotline over 3 hour wait. Call drops or they hung up when I finally got connected. Hotline online chat, 2 hour wait, it got all the way down to “there are 13 people in front of you in line” and then it never moved again. 

Found a discord server called Lively tagged with suicide help. Because of account being new they have some sort of verification that I can’t pass to get into the server. No way to reach out to server members. Finally find some side server with a channel that I can type in and get told to leave and go call a hotline, even as I’m trying to explain my technical difficulties with the server. 

Try to call into work. Boss says “uncontrollable crying” isn’t a good reason not to come in. I ask him if he thinks customers will be ok with me making them food as I actively sob and drip on their food. He goes on to rant about how he wishes he “could cry all the time”. 

I’m just, I’m trying so hard to stay calm. I’m trying so hard to do everything I’m supposed to do, call the hotline, reach out, take a mental health day. And at every angle I’m shut out or have a bunch of hoops to jump through. 

Can someone just lie to me and tell me it’s going to be okay? Can someone tell me I’m more valuable than minimum wage? Can someone tell me that no matter how late the food is that I don’t deserve to be yelled and cussed at? 

Can someone tell me that any of this will ever end, that there will be a vaccine for the coronavirus and everyone will go back to being normal, and getting yelled and cussed at will become the outlier instead of happening multiple times a day? 

Can someone tell me I’m in some sort of fever dream, and that all the people who want to send all of us essential workers out to die aren’t real, and in the real world we’re all working together and being careful, and way less people have died. Please.