I need some help or directionFirst off Please excuse me if i have posted this to the wrong sub. was directed here from /r/stopdrinking Long time reddit reader; first posting

For about 10 years I've had a drinking problem. About 8 years ago i got a DUAI. I use to smoke weed a lot then. But then after realizing how many job opportunities i was denying myself from during the rehab program I quit (very easily i might add) but i think that just added more problems. I use to smoke 4+ times per day and only drink about a bottle of liquor a month. After i slowly increased my drinking to nearly 10+ beers a night. The important thing was i didn't drive (or so i was told) Drink or drive was an important choice, i chose to drink more often than drive.

About a year ago i noticed that my urine wasn't yellow, it was a red/orange color. I went to the ER. I hate needles, and after being restrained by my family and a nurse so they could get a blood sample, I was told i was 'as healthy as a horse' by the doctor. My response was 'all horses aren't healthy' to which i got a half chuckle. And was told to cut back on my drinking.

Yesterday it started again, i was pissing and it was a bright red/orange, i am reluctant to go to the doctor again and be charged $300 to hear 'You should cut back on your drinking'.

I don't feel suicidal, I have a job I love with a great company in the Biotech Industry. The problem is I don't have any friends that i can relate to as far as the drinking. They all only drink a few beers a week on the weekends, or smoke a ton of weed. Many of the friends that didn't drink have turned to harder drugs and i have cut off all contact.

I know i should listen to the doctor and cut back, but i can't socialize normally with people without booze or weed. And i can't smoke because of this job.

I tried help groups but all seem to either be filled with people selling heroin &amp; crack or are backed by religions that I can't relate to because of my own beliefs as an atheist.
Any suggestions?

It feels like my mind is trying to kill my body

30 year old male 32 hrs sober and scared