Struggling to find a reason to hang on.At this point I feel ready to just throw in the towel and overdose on a drug cocktail. I feel like I've lost everything. I got broken up with and even though he still wants to be friends I cant get over my feelings. But I fear not having him around in my life cause of how much he means to me. But yet I want someone to hold me and cuddle with me and make me feel good physically. I feel like I'll never get that again from anyone else. Not only was he perfect, but he only stopped loving me cause of my Borderline Personality Disorder meltdowns and rages I'd have. Not to mention the fact that he broke up with me once in November and then got back together with me only to later say he regretted doing so and felt it was more of an impulse. Theres also school. After missing out on qualifying for my major by one point I'm stuck taking a bunch of electives and three day a week classes I dont care for until my GPA gets brought up. And then theres work. While everything else for me ought be changing work is still shitty as ever. And I'm about to be double fucked. Because of my work schedule my only days off are Tuesday and Wednesday. Except I have classes on those days ao no matter what day it is I have some shitty obligation that's gonna take up most of my time. I have no time for friends, video games, I dont even have time to watch movies something I love to do and is what I want a career in cause I'm too busy focusing on other things that force my time. I dont even have time to find a new person to love cause I'll be too busy with school and work so It'll be miserable loneliness for me. Yaaaaay. So what I ask is is there even a reason for me to care anymore? To keep going? Cause right now I'm not seeing it. When your best friend says they'd be fine if you decided to leave them it doesnt do a great job of convincing you that you have a ton of meaning to that person. My life over the past few months has been hell and I just want it to end. At this point why go on with the struggle? Oh and before all you thirsty nice guys say how you'd treat me right, let me just say I'm a guy as well sp dont even bother. I want actual people to talk to, not someone who cares more about his cock than a persons well being.