Too sick and poor to liveSicknesses:
I am blind in one eye (scarred retina from birth), have hypothyroidism, and an undiagnosed stomach condition that I was told was barrette’s stomach, gastro paresis, or my kidneys aren’t filtering my blood correctly (some sort of porphyria). I get nauseated after every other meal. I puke/dry heave for hours and sit in a hot shower until it turns cold and then sit in a cold shower for an hour until I am nearly hypothermic. Sometimes when in the hot water I dump ice water over my head to body shock the sickness away for a few seconds. This gives me terrible colds that just add to the misery.  I ended up in the hospital for four days when I became so dehydrated that my kidneys were shutting down and my muscles were cramping up from lack of sodium. I was given scopolamine, Zofran, and morphine. When I was stable enough to hold down a bite of pancake they sent me home with a forty thousand dollar hospital bill and the recommendation that I see a specialist.  I applied for charity assistance from the hospital and have not seen a hospital bill since, so I hope that money is not owed anymore. A few months later I was lucky enough to get decent affordable health insurance which I used to get every test conceivable. These tests went on for years and I was never given a definitive diagnosis.  
My mother had end stage COPD and congestive heart failure. She was on oxygen 24/7 and could not leave the house. She couldn’t even make herself a meal without nearly suffocating to death. My step father had throat cancer and liver cancer. My step father had radiation treatment for the throat and liver but the throat cancer came back. He then had a full laryngectomy. When he came home from the hospital he was on a feeding tube and I had to crush his pills and feed him a liquid diet through his feeding tube. He also needed his stoma cleaned and suctioned and a surgical wound that opened up packed and treated. I did all this while also making meals for my mother, doing the store runs, laundry, cleaning house, and dealing with my own sickness. The day after my 40th birthday in July 2017 my mother died from heart failure. My Step father had been home from the hospital for one week when she passed and could not even speak. They were married for 30 years. My step father’s liver cancer has now come back and I fear he doesn’t have long. 
My finances:
I have been out of work for the past 7 years. I moved in with my mother and step father when I got too sick to work. It worked out well for the three of us for the past 6 ½ years because despite my illness I was still able to take care of my terminally ill parents. We were able to survive financially because of my parents disability checks, and long term settlement check of 500 per month and two rentals properties that were owned with no mortgage (as long as there were renters anyway).  My uncles and my grandfather’s ex-wife (which he was married to for 3 years after the passing of his first wife of 50 years) now have complete control and ownership of the two rental units. This past year the sickness has subsided somewhat and I want to get back to work but am afraid. Afraid that the sickness will hit at work and get me fired again, afraid to get back into to job market after being out for so long. 
 

I inherited and now own my home with no mortgage but cannot pay the property taxes and insurance. I am told I cannot take a mortgage out on my house because I don’t have a job. I also inherited a 500 per month settlement check that will run out in two years. It is not enough to live off and pay the taxes and insurance. I also had to hire a lawyer in order to get the house and checks because my mother’s will was not valid due to having been notarized with only one witness not two as per my state’s law. I still owe that lawyer 2000 dollars. I am racking up penalties for the taxes I have yet to pay. I will also be losing my health insurance at the end of this month because the premiums are going up by 400% for the lowest tier plan. It will be extremely difficult to try and find a roommate to move into the house because the house is in a state of disrepair and my terminally ill step father is in the master bedroom. Who would want to move in with one sick dude and one terminally ill dude? Plus the bedrooms are tiny. I have two uncles. One is 500,000 in credit card debt and will offer no help, the other has gifted me 1500 dollars since my mother’s death but I cannot ask for more. I have no idea how I am going to pay the bills next month.
I owe: 2000 to a lawyer, 800 in medical bills that I know of, 26000 in student loan debt, 800 in property taxes that are accruing penalties, and about 800 dollars a month in expenses (insurance, electric/water, etc.)
I have: A home valued by the city at 170000 but would sell for maybe 100000 due to that state of disrepair, and 500 per month for the next two years.
My plan:
I will leave a hand written will (valid in this state) leaving the house to my step father. I will then acquire a small boat or kayak. I will load a back pack with weights and travel as far east into the Atlantic Ocean as I can in one night. Enjoy the stars and one last sunrise. I will them get into the water wearing the backpack while hanging off the edge of the boat. Then I will shoot myself through the brain. This way if the bullet does not kill me the water will. My body will sink into the depths below and that will be the end of me. There will be no clean up, no coroner, no funeral, just gone, disappeared from the world.
My stepfather and I have never been super close and have grown father apart since the death of my mother. I am alone in this life and wanted to put this out where someone might read it since I have no one to talk to. 
