I'd be Dead if it wasn't for my ParentsMore specifically, my mom. It would ruin her.  

From the outside looking in, I've got it made.  I grew up in a middle class household with a loving family.  What people don't realize is I've been handed everything my entire life.  I have zero accomplishments to my own name.  This past year I was dating the most beautiful amazing girl I could ever dream of.  Recently she dumped me telling me I'm too immature.  I'm annoying, selfish, have no motivation, unaccountable, dishonest, lazy and just generally worthless.  I bring nothing to the table.  Aside from losing her, which has been my biggest fear throughout our relationship, what hurts the most is that she is absolutely right about everything she said.  She's way out of my league and I always questioned why she stayed with me as long as she did.

I hate my job, I have dead lines I've procrastinated so long I don't know what I'm going to do, my house is falling a part, my lifestyle is extremely unhealthy, I cant sleep, I have nobody to talk and I'm afraid the loneliness is going to make me do something I'm going to regret.  I cant help but constantly think of just ending it all.  How to do it? When to do it? Could I make it look like an accident? Should I just disappear? I try to reason with myself that my family would be better off.  They'd be sad at first but eventually get over it.

Suicide has always been in the back of mind but something I would never really go through with. But ever since my relationship ended it's all I can think about. She's doing so much better with out me weighing her down and I'm very happy for her but this has made me realize what a truly piece of shit I am.  

I know all the common advice. Clean my house, start exercising, eating better, change my lifestyle and focus on work, but I just cant seem to do it.  I know things aren't going to get better if I just continue to do the same things but I just cant shake the thought of the easy way out.  Because in the end that's what it is; an easy way out.  I've taken the easy way out my entire life, why would this be any different?