Event HorizonDark star, No Exit. They say that the gravitational tides can tear a man apart. Maybe that is what happened to my soul. Somewhere down this rabbit hole, it was shredded like poorly sewn spacetime. The glitter of reflected light shine through the cracks. That is all that seems to be left. light and empty space. Abyss. 


I once told you that I have a love affair with the universe. I’m in love with the stone, the seed, the star. But how much more do you mean to me than any of those. So yes, I loved you. 
You asked what the second facet was, every stone has a sharp edge. 

The cold anger is only a cracked mask, a façade I cannot maintain. I loved you, I trusted you, and I was hurt. There are not many here that I trust. As friends slip away, they take with them pieces of who I was. I stopped giving those pieces away so that I might last just a little while longer. A ruin in a sandstorm. Eroded. Empty.
You had a piece of me. I shared my heart and mind with you. Not lightly. And one night I sat, thousands of miles away, and sent on light the only gift I have left: A promise. And while promises are trinkets to be given to naive children, this one was sealed with a kiss and a tear. I would do anything for you. I would turn the world upside down for you, if it meant that it was a better world. 

That’s what I try for, what I lived for. A better world. The faint glitter of a hope that keeps me awake at night, and allows me to see another dawn. Hope is like a thousand fireflies in starlight and rain. It dances at the edge of your fingertips, eludes you, and fades. 
Twice, I needed you. I tried to ask for help. All I wanted was a friend, a shoulder to cry on. But all I got in return was silence. Just silence. 


I used to wonder what I wanted my future to be, and wondered that maybe, just maybe, we would be good for each other. What if’s and wondering what bliss was just beyond my fingertips. I was willing to step off the edge of the cliff and into the unknown. I waited for you to meet me at the edge, and explore. You used to say that you liked adventure, and I wondered what the unknown held. But there was nothing beyond. Just silence.

It was February, there were daggers of ice on the window. I watched the light flickering on the wall, and saw the writing of the children’s storybook. It was written in luminescence and shade. I remember taking 23 pills, and two glasses of a foul tasting draught. I remember singing myself to sleep. I wanted to be a star again. Nova, my final lullaby. I wanted to sleep in the earth for a while, and grow into a tree. I wanted to catch stardust on my fingertips and turn it into life. It has been years since I have felt the presence of God. God was there that night. Composed of quantum probabilities and human insight, The universe itself.

He woke me, and dragged my sorry ass to the hospital. 

He sat by my side all night, in a rickety chair, with head slumped in his hands. 

Earth. I was still on Earth.

I sometimes wonder if I actually passed the threshold. Perhaps the old books were right all along, and this is purgatory. Forced back into the mundane, to pay for my sins. Perhaps I am trapped in the moment between worlds. Pretending to go on, when even my bones cry out against me. I can sit and wait and hope for a doctor to cure me, but I can’t help but wonder if I brought this on myself. I wonder if this is my room with the many eyes to tear into my soul. No Exit. There are three chairs, or four… or too many to count. I wonder which one of the three I am. I’ve always thought I was a coward, so I doubt I need someone to redeem me by believing otherwise. I’m a selfish fool, requiring stability and security. Afraid to run away with the dancer, even though I want to. Though I wonder if I’m the torturer, the manipulative one. I’m terrified that I might be the evil one, that all I’ve done is cause harm, and pain. I love the taste of bittersweet, but I hope I do not inflict it on others. 

I walked away in the rain, rather than go with you and her. The three damned each were a three pointed star on earth. Each a tip on a different love triangle, and forced to replay that fate in hell. Never allowed to leave. How powerful a simple step then, that took me away and I did not have to endure your fawning gaze. Instead of being a silent shadow, unwanted, I chose the power to be alone, and to walk away from your laughter. Pity. I wonder what the four of us could be like, if we only allowed it. 

But the second facet is a shattered crystal. Shattered trust. You would not be there for my simple fears, how could I ever believe that you would rescue me from myself? I can try to let go, pretend. I can smile, and be what you are. A fair weather friend. But it will never be the same. I adore you and resent you in the same breath. 

We always said that we would go stargazing someday. But the constellations are meaningless patterns. The stars have gone black anyway. They dance along in stately silence, uncaring through the heavens. Their gravity tugs at my heart, as the wind on an anchored sail, crying for the sea. All the colors fade, and the remainder is brilliance punctuating the black of night. All I can do now, is drift through time. Drifting toward the edge of the horizon, I can’t see the path before me. I don’t know if one is even there. I don’t have a future. All paths lead to the stars, and are caught in this singularity. All I see is the blackness before me. All I can feel is the gravitational tide as it tears my heart to pieces.

I suppose there is no going back.  
