I don't know how to change, I feel like it would be better if I just wasn't aroundSometimes, I really think I am crazy. Looking back at all my past mistakes, and trust me, there’s a LOT of them, I often wonder how I’m even still alive. In fact, most of the actions in my 25 years of existence have been missteps, simple mistakes that could’ve easily been avoided with better attention, calm awareness, and rational thinking. But what bothers me the most is, as I got older, and continued to make mistakes, even though I became smarter [at least I think I did] and became more aware that some of the actions I took or were about to take were not good choices, despite that, I still chose to make them anyway. I didn’t care, I just wanted to feel good in the moment, I wasn’t thinking about who would suffer [which was me most of the time] and what the consequences would be, I just wanted to be happy, even if it was for a very short amount of time, I wanted to at least pretend that I could have long lasting happiness in my life, whether it be in the form of games and toys I stole money for, rebelling against my elders because I didn’t [and still don’t] like being told what to do even though they only had my best interest at heart [at least i hope they did], seeking the company of unsavory, unkind, or immoral people because I wanted to feel acceptance so badly that I was willing to LITERALLY pay for it by buying them stuff, and seeking the companionship of animals, because I figured, “At least they won’t judge me for my weirdness.” My ‘weirdness’ being my interests and demeanor. The only people I feel I’ve ever been able to be my true self around without fear of rejection are my online friends who share many similar problems with me when it comes to dealing with depression. My inability to effectively be around others in a public or a ‘real life’ setting without at some point driving them away stems from my insecurity and angst. Yea, a grown-ass 25 year old man has angst. Maybe other people my age do as well, but that’s besides the point. First off, I’m a nerd, of epic proportions. I collect Yu-Gi-Oh! cards, watch cartoons, draw and buy comics, the works. But I’m smart enough to realize that those interests aren’t enough to repulse 95% of the people I come into contact with. My insecurities are, however. These insecurities stem from my fear of being rejected due to my interests, which in turn, cause me to act like a complete ass to people because I believe they think lowly of me because I what I like. I figure, “Well, they’ll never see me as anything other than a loser, so fuck ‘em, they don’t deserve my respect.” Yea, real smart thinking. Thinking which at some point, no matter what group of people I end up with, causes me to do and say very annoying, weird, and sometimes offensive things to them. And when I DO get rejected, it only fuels my insecurities and projections of other people looking down on me, causing me to become angry or frustrated. Not hard to see why I’ve never been able to keep or even have real friends for most of my life. Despite that, however, there are SOME people who have the good grace to put up with me and my stupidity. Ironically, these people usually tend to be very religious. I guess you would have to be blessed by the holy spirit to be able to endure my nonsense. Or maybe there’s some truth to what Bill Burr once said, how assholes seek out wonderful people to be around because other assholes won’t put up with them. And while I am more than grateful to have my best friend of 7 years in my life, the fear of losing them always lingers over my head, like its an eventuality with me, that I’ll never be able to have a stable lasting relationship with another person. The majority of why I feel this way, I suppose, comes from my relationship with my family. Now let me say one thing before I go any further. I love my parents, and I love my siblings. And even though I don’t agree with of like some of the choices they’ve made in life, that fact will never change. Then again, how can I say I love them when looking back on my actions in my youth, particularly between the ages of 7-15, and how horrible I was. As I mentioned before, I used to steal. A lot. Particularly from my father. I’d use the money to buy childish things to enjoy, not caring if I got caught, at least in the moment. I couldn’t happiness from other people, I sought it in objects. I also used to beat up my siblings and say really mean things to them, probably because I got bullied a lot at school, and didn’t know how to vent my aggression and anger. My little brother got it the worst. I’d pin him down, punch him, slam him into things, say horrible horrible things to and about him. My mother see this and say, “What’s wrong with you? Don’t you realize your brother looks up to?” Looking back, I really could’ve messed my brother up and helped him grow into an awful person like me. Luckily, my brother is smart, and knows not to follow in my dumbass footsteps. So do my sisters. Things weren’t always bad between us, I still remember days when the 5 of us would just play together and not hurt each other. Funny enough, these days often involved us doing very stupid things for fun, like jumping off the roof, and or ‘wars’, in which we would grab anything that wasn’t nailed down and hurl it at each others’ heads. Still, the cruelty I showed towards them left an impression and later showed as we grew. The thing I regret the most was something I did when I was 13-14. In my youth [ages 4-5], I was a coward and sometimes called my dad to sleep in the bed with me when I had nightmares. Around my early teens, there was a night when my youngest sister, who was about 6-7 at the time, walked into my room and asked if she could stay in there, because she was afraid of the dark as well. I told her to grow and leave, to which she did, in a very saddened voice. My youngest sister asked me for help, help with something I suffered with as well and one point, and I flat out rejected her. Some brother I am. As we got older, I calmed down a bit and tried to form better relationships with my siblings, but they rejected me at every turn. Whenever I’m at work and talk about my siblings and people ask me if we’re close, I smile and lie, saying “yes.” I can’t blame them at all, I don’t in anyway justify of defend my actions, but instead try to make sense of them to myself if no one else. Part of this aggression that I had [and still have somewhat] inside of me is likely not just from the schoolyard bullying I endured, but also the discipline I received from my father. I can remember as far back as my time in pre-K that he’d hit me. I can even remember the first time he struck me. He was trying to teach me to tie my shoes and I just couldn’t seem to get it, so he smacked my hand with one of this shoes [he wore size 12s lol ouch]. The beatings would come mostly from my lack of good grades in elementary school. He would sometimes pick me up from school and bring me to bathroom of his office and spank me with his belt when I got a low mark. The worst 2 beatings I remember were when my mother was out of town and I tried to sneak up on my dad and scare him as a joke, to which he replied by chasing my to his closet where I tried to hide, and kicked me when he couldn’t pull me out to spank me, and the other being when he hurled a chair at me when I was 8 for not bringing my books home from school. For a while I thought this was something every kid felt with when they got disciplined by their parents, but talking to other kids made me think otherwise. I can even remember being sent to therapists as a child, because my parents were so concerned with my grades that they thought I was mentally ill, and when therapists would ask me if i got spanked, I’d lie and say no, unknowingly doing so out of loyalty to my folks. I wasn’t the only one who suffered my father’s wrath. He later went on to slam my mother into a window for not aborting my youngest sister, a fact I would later use as fuel for a horrible comment I would tell my sister when we would fight, “Dad never wanted you anyway.” Christ, I’m a scumbag. My dad later had a stroke when I was 9, and died when I was 14. My mother, bless her heart, did and continues to do her best for all 5 of us. She’s not perfect, but she loves us, even when she does some questionable things. There have been times when I would talk about how my father would discipline me and she would say things like, “That never happened,” and then would go on to say things like, “If your father was here, he’d knock you on your ass,” when I would disobey her or act out. My mother has a knack for getting under my skin, she knows just what to say to get my so angry that I have to leave the room or the house. Not surprising when she brags about how she was a bully in her youth. If there is a god, maybe me getting bullied so much is some sort of cruel irony thrust apron my mom by the vengeful spirit of god. Anywho, my mother later became the main disciplinary force in the household after my father was unable to do so due to his illness. It wasn’t as bad as having it be my father though, 1 being due to the fact I was a teenager and much bigger at the point, and 2 her being a woman made the blows less painful as well. However, getting hit in your 20s usually doesn’t prompt the same response as it did when you were 6. One day she tried to hit me for forgetting to do something small, I can’t even remember, and when she swung, I blocked her hand and pushed her to the ground. And that was the day I got kicked out the house. I lived at my grandparents’ for the next few years, until I eventually moved back to help my mother with her current problems. One thing i found very interesting is one day when my mother took me out for my 24th birthday, she asked about my future plans in life. Embarrassed because I didn’t have any, I asked her, “What did you want to do when you were my age?” She simply replied, “Find a safe place.” This made me think back to all the stories my mother would tell me how she would endure physical and emotional abuse from her brother and mother. My grandfather, her father, and the best man I’ve ever known, thankfully, didn’t inflict any abuse on her or her brother and sister. Thinking about that comment and my past, it troubles me to think that my mother likely believes to she failed in finding or making a ‘safe place’ for her and her children. Around the time I turned 17, I began to turn a new leaf. I wanted to have a good relationship with my family, I wanted friends, maybe a girlfriend, and respect from my peers. However, I soon realized in my idiocy in my younger years, I had missed out on learning social skills and had severely damaged my relationship with my family. And while I DID want to get better, I still continued make dumb decisions, like put off my studies and say mean things to my siblings. My family also said [and some still say] very demeaning things to me. So I trained myself I have no or very little reaction to them, even though they hurt. This indifferent demeanor I developed caused them and other people to see me as uncaring or cold. Despite my efforts however, I’ve often been told that I have ‘resting angry face’ or always look very serious or sad. I continued on, seeking help from people I found online who seemed to have similar issues with self-loathing and feeling like a failure. And after some serious soul-searching and looking back on all my missteps, it became apparent to me that my likelihood of finding another human being in real life I could truly do right by would be very unlikely. So, I turned to animals. I figured if I could at least do right by another living thing, that I wouldn’t truly be evil. Because even if I cleaned up my act, changed my attitude about myself and other people completely, it wouldn’t undo all the horrible things I did. But, if I could care for an animal, and never bring harm or allow harm to come to them, I could find a way to live myself. I began to invest most of my time at home with my dog, bringing him with me wherever I could, allowing him to live my room when I could and sleep next to me in bed. He’s been with me for 10 years, and I love him like family. Recently, he ran away, which caused me to become very distraught. For 4 agonizing days, I get home from work and walk around the neighborhood and surrounding areas, shouting his name, looking for him in every space he could possibly be, asking people for possible tips and even offering a cask reward. I even sobbed when it occurred that I might never see him again, whether he got picked up by some random people, or was killed. The thought of me failing him was too much to bare. Luckily, he was returned to me safe an sound. But I began to think, what if he got out again? With my luck, he might be gone for good next time. I thought, “Maybe if I get him a companion, something that’ll help him WANT to stay home, he won’t run off again.” Which brings me to what prompted me to type this little essay on my stupid existence. A few weeks ago, I went to an ABC to get the addresses on my driver’s license and state ID changed. I arrived there early, and saw there was a Petsmart across the street. I decided to go in, thinking I might find some good supplies for Deuce [my dog]. I found that this store not only sold pet supplies, but also offered pets for adoption. There were birds, lizards, turtles, fish, and cats. That’s when I first saw them, my kittens, Sophie and Sapphire. Two small black kittens, curled up together in a cage against some glass. “That’s it!” I thought. If I could just adopt these cats and introduce them to Deuce, he’d have companions. This, of course, was another awful decision on my part. Not only did I not have the first inkling on how to properly take care of kittens, but there was no way in hell my mother would allow MORE animals in her home. Despite me knowing this however, I chose to adopt them both a few days later [pursuit of happiness n all that]. I figured I’d learn how to take care of them and after having them in the house for a while without my mother knowing, and then revealing to her that they haven’t made a mess, and also using the fact that I’ve been helping her ever since I moved back in with her, she’d allow me to keep them. Flawless logic, I know. Well, 1 the kittens DID make a mess, like one of my coworkers warned me they would, and 2, it didn’t take long at all for my sister to discover them in my room. Right off the bat she told me, “You need to tell mom soon, or I will.” After doing my best to convince her to give me more time, I managed to clean up the mess made and plan my next move. Sophie and Sapphire had time to become well acquainted with me and my room in the 2 weeks they were there. I became quite fond of them as well. I hadn’t had time to properly introduce them to Deuce however. He had flees at the time and it was recommended to me to keep the kittens away form other animals with flees and to slowly introduce them to other animals in the household. Then a realization dawned on me. What if my mother wouldn’t let me keep them? What if they got sent back to the shelter they came from? What if they got separated? What if they were adopted by someone who wouldn’t take good care of them or abuse them? I decided that if worse came worse, I’d find a new proper owner myself, someone I could stay in constant contact with, someone I’d interview myself to see if they’d take good care of the kittens. There were many takes, many were collage students who wanted one kitten for a companion. However, I desperately wanted to keep them together because they were sisters, and wanted them to at least have company if their owner didn’t give them enough attention themselves. Then the day came, when my sister told my mother about the kittens in my room. I braced myself for the verbal lashing, the name calling, the curse words, everything I expected to happen after enduring it for so long after I went against my mother’s demands. Then, to my utter shock, I got a text from my sister that said, “Mom says you can keep them if you clean up the roach pills off the floor in the laundry room and put them in there.” I couldn’t believe it. Things were going to be alright, I could keep them, I could give them the care and home I promised to give them. Then, as if god himself decided to give me the finger, I got another text saying, “The cats have got to go, they gave me ringworm.” Then everything I feared would happen happened. What especially hurts about this was how my mother and sister assume that I don’t care that my sister got sick from the cats, that I’d gladly risk their health by bringing animals home, that I care more about cats than them. I had no clue that the kittens were sick, and wouldn’t have brought them home if I knew otherwise. And I would’ve also paid for any treatment my sister required. Despite that, they have every right to be angry with me. I was forced to find the kittens a new owner, someone who I thought would be a constant contact with me, but who is now unresponsive to me. I fear the worst for my cats. I’m probably being over dramatic again, but I can’t help it. I hurt my family, again, due to my negligence and dishonesty, and I may have effectively hurt the lives of two animals. Every time I mess up, I always try to piece together what led me to make such horrible choices. I don’t know how I became so broken that I can’t have stable relationships with people, or make choices that don’t end up hurting someone or something. Its getting to the point where I don’t even want to know the answer anymore, the answer that might’ve led me down the path to fixing myself. I just want it all to end, I’m tired of to trying to deny that I’m a horrible person, someone who doesn’t deserve to live. I know for a fact that if I just disappeared, so many people’s lives would be better for it. But right now, Deuce still depends on me, and I want at least help my mother with her current problem, which SHOULD be solved in the next few months. But after I’m no longer needed, I can’t see any real point in sticking around. Ever since I was a child, the idea of killing myself has been in my head, even before I became aware of the concept of suicide. I would look over bridges I’d walk over or be driven over, thinking what it be like if I just threw myself off. Would it be painful? Would I not have to deal with people anymore? Would I be missed? Being older now, I’m pretty sure I know the answers to the questions, yet, it still doesn’t me from those thoughts. I’m sorry to my family for being such a monster, I wish I could’ve known sooner how I should’ve acted, I wish I could’ve seen how my awfulness would’ve effected you in the years to come. You all are truly the most important people in my life, and I don’t want to hurt you. I’m sorry to Sophie and Sapphire, I wanted to give you a loving home, but do to my dishonesty, I was able to do that, I let you both down. Maybe if I had been honest in the beginning, you’d be home with me right now, and not with some stranger who I foolishly trusted to care for you. And to all the people who are or who tried to be my friends, I’m sorry to all of you for being so unbearable. You deserve a better friend than me, and if you chose to walk away from me now, I wouldn’t hold it against you at all, cuz I’d walk away from me too.