I Just Don’t Know What To Do and I Need to Talk to Someone, AnyoneThis is going to be quite long and somewhat disturbing, I apologise, but years of meds and therapy haven't done it for me so I guess it’s coming off my chest now in my desperation. I have been suicidal since the age of 10. I’ve attempted it several times but I must have the shittiest luck of any miserable human as every single time I have either been stopped by someone or something absolutely absurd happens (when I was 15, I tried to run my car in the garage but it just so happened to run out of gas; I tried to hang myself 2 years later and it ended in embarrassingly abject failure because I’m a useless idiot when it comes to knots I guess). 

I grew up in a very abusive biological family. My father molested me several times throughout my childhood, and both him and my mother threw chairs and glass and plates at me and beat the ever loving shit out of me. I was kept from having relationships and was basically raised in a bubble away from society. I told my mother what my dad did and she told me I was a “lying whore” and refused to believe her husband could do such a thing. Long story short I got the hell out of there as soon as I could and found a new adoptive family and a loving relationship that I believed was filled with support. Years of social isolation and maladjustment imposed upon me by those parents fucked with me so much that other women would bully me and isolate me even further in college. I pursued a military career ( it you can guess how far that goes when you’re suicidal) and later an art career, but some young women I caught the jealous ire of stole my work and basically tortured me into avoiding the programs I needed to be in, delaying my graduation by 2 whole years. They spread nasty sexual rumours about me and made me into some sort of monster to potential friends and any faculty that could offer me support. I go to a very small college in a very small town, so all these things had far reaching effects to even my ability to gain employment in my surrounding area. The one job I did have ended in me getting sexually assaulted by a customer and my employers doing nothing about it. I tried to jump out of a hotel window at the worst of it but my partner stopped me and told me if I ever attempted suicide again they would leave me. I got a little bit better with help and support like you’re supposed to seek out, then it all came plummeting down again.

My adoptive mother passed away a year ago. I haven’t heard from my adoptive father since, and I was kept in the dark on how she died. There was no funeral to my knowledge, and I have no idea what happened to her remains.  No one told me. I found out through an email from a colleague. my father refuses to speak to me. I know he must be grieving harder than I am but it doesn’t change the fact that I feel alone and lost and miserable. I waited so excitedly for all the adult milestones I would share with them—my graduation, my wedding, my children—but now all of that has just faded into impossibility. My biological family has done something similar—like a movie, they’ve tried to erase my presence from their lives and home. Extended family have told me that they scratched my face out of photos and thrown or burned all my old possessions. I find out about deaths in my biological family from one or two people who extend no support other than keeping me in the loop.

A year later and I’m still not in contact with him and I’m still deeply suicidal. I’m terrified of attempting again because my partner is all I have left (please do not shit on them for saying they would leave me; I’ve put them through hell with my depression and their reasoning is very personal and valid and I don’t judge them) and I don’t want to fail and be left alone. I dont have a garage where I live now, and they have taken all the razors and bleach and pills and pretty much anything I could hang myself with out of the house. They monitor how I take my meds and keep them on them for fear I might OD while they’re at work. They care for me and love me deeply, and I them, but I feel shitty and ugly and ungrateful because it doesn’t heal the deep hole that is left in my heart and psyche. I feel stuck in an endless loop, where I just want to kill myself more than anything but literally can’t. My few friends arent depressed and when I bring my feelings to them, they act as though it’s a burden or they tell me they don’t understand and that I “just need love” or “just have to smile more.” 

I have no way out and nowhere to go and no one to be honest with emotionally and it’s crippling me beyond function. All I can do is bash my head against the wall or door and cry when I’m alone. I think the only way I can end it all now is jumping out the window of my apartment, but I know that’s not guaranteed to be successful because I’m not up high enough.

I’m alone and tired of screaming into the ether. I just want to feel heard, and I just need someone to please please acknowledge that all this happened because I’m at a complete loss.

(Tagging NSFW just to be safe)