I Need HelpI'm 18, just graduated this year, and it has never been this bad. There has been so many wrongs in my life and barely any positives. To save some time, I'm going to go through the past couple months.

I graduated June 8th, and it's supposed to be a happy time for everyone. It wasnt for me though. My parents, who constantly yelled and tell me how they are disappointed in me, could not even show up on time and missed the live part so they watched it at home with the disc that got sent out. No other family members even showed up to see me and I got 0 calls from any. saying they couldn't make it. After that happened, I regrouped with my friends and talked with them for a bit. My mom calls and tells me that they are going out to eat and that I should just get something from home. After staying for some pictures, I left. I made it around 9:30 and they were still gone. So I felt like I was a failure and a disappointment for my family's last name. Mixed with alot of other stuff that happened in the past, I hit the boiling point and grabbed a rope and went out to my car to go to a spot when a girl I worked with for 5-6 months (she also graduated) somehow found out and told me to meet her somewhere. We met and talked for 3-4 hours before I had to go. She is the only living person who cares what I do.

Fast forward a couple weeks, I start to get feelings for her.(I am a guy)  I didnt make them obvious because I feel like I'm supposed to be alone, relationships never work for me and I don't want to lose her. Her ex boyfriend, who I didn't even know she dated, comes up to me and starts punching me until I hit the ground and kept on kicking. She found out that I had a thing for her a couple weeks later, and she apologized for what happened and told me that he was jealous that we talked more than them.

Fast forward to today. Her and I are no longer talking and I cant kept my thoughts down. I cant sleep and she was the only thing keeping me from doing it. With her gone, I'm so tempted to grab that rope again and do it. It hurts knowing that she is gone and no one cares what I do anymore. Please, I just need some advice