I don't deserve anythingI really don't. My mom has MS, and I've never given her the attention she deserves. I've treated her like trash cause I never helped out enough. She pushed through so much day to day and all I could do my whole life was be a brat. I used to wonder why our family wasn't like others, why we didn't go out and do things really, why when I got home from school all my mom would do was read, or why she would be really grumpy all the time. I knew my mom had MS and I knew what it meant but I still complained, and when I was younger my mom and I fought a lot, which was stupid, i was just being stupid cause it wasnt her fault.
 A couple years ago she told me that she used to not care whether she lived or died. This really bothered me, because if she had tried to take her life I would have been partially responsible. I never helped her enough, I tried to act like everything was normal and I would get angry when she didnt want to do things.

Ive had mood disorders for most of my life, the first being anixety, and in recent years depression. Im at college now and I cant help but feel regret for not doing more for her. Her illness will only get worse from here, as MS is, so Ill have to watch my mother physically fall apart. There are a lot of reasons why I hate myself and why I have issues, but ive always held this deep guilt of trying to be a normal. When I got to college I felt so free because I could do things whenever I wanted to, I didnt have to stay home because my mom wasnt feeling up to going out or I would feel bad if she was home alone. I realized I dont know how to function normally really. I dont deserve this because i never did enough for anyone. 

So I try not to think about these thoughts anymore and I tucked them away, but today I watched an anime called "orange" and damn it really hit me hard. I shouldnt have watched it, because i reminded me of how i never did enough for my mother and would get angry at her for her disability. now ive just been crying about this all night and i feel like a loser. I feel like i dont even deserve to live. im pathetic.