I've started planning and now I finally feel at peaceI don't have an exact date, but I'm going to get my mail-in ballot for the election, then go, probably sometime in October. My vote will probably mean nothing with the way things are going, but it's still one of the very few things I'm staying alive for.

I'm currently quarantining with my parents, and talked them into letting me go back to my apartment across the country. I love them, but I don't want them to find my body, and it'll be too hard to do it under their noses. Plus, being back home means I can spend my last few weeks being useful and protesting, without fear of infecting them. 

Method is pills and a bottle of whiskey. I'll splurge and make it a good bottle, not like money will be worth anything in a year anyway. I'm going in my bed, in my apartment, the place where I got to be an independent adult for a precious year of borrowed time before the nation collapses. I'm closing the door and leaving a note for my roommate to call 911 so she doesn't have to see me, either. Neither she nor my other roommate like me much, so it shouldn't be too much of a problem. They might even get free sympathy rent and thank me.

Right now, it's just the errands stage. Trying to prepare my friends and parents for life without me. Trying to prepare them to stock up and be prepared for how fast the nation will fall. Writing letters and notes for everyone. Re-homing my cat. It's only the last one that gives me any hesitation, because I do love him, and I adopted him before I realized things were hopeless. But I'm not going to subject myself to slow starvation as civilization collapses because of a cat. I'll try to pick a family of preppers that can take good care of him. My only frustration is that I'll ultimately end up dying a virgin, so I'm going to try and find a partner to alleviate that in the meanwhile, but I don't want to put the moral burden of being my last first time in retrospect on anyone I actually like, and quite frankly I hate even the idea of casual sex and am quite ugly. But I'll give it a go. Quarantine won't matter if I'm going in a few weeks anyway.

Less than one hundred days. It's almost relaxing, now.