Coming to terms with ending everything at 20.I don't really have a lot of hope that people will see, or read, or care, so I guess this is purely for cathartic reasons? This isn't a flip decision. There's no way I can word out the process satisfyingly, but I'll try. 

Initially I resorted to avoidance coping. I immersed myself into everything. That worked, and then I was raped, and it brought everything back. The guilt, the shame, the dirty, dirty, feeling. I went from being on top of everything to  complete disengagement but it wasn't drastic.  It was gradual, and seemingly insignificant. It happened over the course of the next eight years.

I started talking about it at eighteen. I got help at nineteen. I've since come to realize a lot of things. About myself, my family, the history of abuse - sexual, and emotional. And the gaps in what I know.

I understand that "recovery" isn't linear, and that it's a process, and that twenty isn't a lot. But I don't understand how I can ever accept myself, or anyone, with the space between what I know and what I don't know. 

My doctors, my relatives, they all tell me I need to change my lifestyle, find some hobbies, dedicate to a career, and start building my life. I'm too young to die, but I'm too old to be stuck, I need to get a move on. I worry too much. I live in the past. I need to get out more. I need a purpose, a job, an education.

This is all true. My eating habits, my sleeping patterns, my coping mechanisms - everything is in shambles. 

I'm constantly anxious. I'm constantly flipping from feeling overwhelmed with everything to complete apathy. One day I want to dye my hair pink and change my wardrobe and go to college and write a book. I make plans with everyone, I go everywhere, I do everything, I push myself to the absolute limit, until I drain out completely and then I'm nothing. Getting up, brushing my teeth, washing my hair, eating - everything is unbelievably painful. There's a huge weight pinning me down and I can't navigate myself around it.

I guess, in the end, I am just tired. 

My birthday is this August. I plan to do it then.