Lets see if I make it to 20.Where do I even begin... I'll (17F) try not to bore you with details about everything but I've been depressed for the past two and a half years (brought on by the death of my father). I didn't tell a single person until this year, when I told a doctor and started getting help. Recently I told my mom and my tutor at school, also a friend from my class. 

I can't talk about depression. My mom was standing there trying to get me to open up and I was just giving her one worded answers, barely getting my words out and avoiding eye contact the whole time. Then she said something that just hit me I guess, because the next thing I knew I was full on sobbing in her arms (like that kind of crying where you cant even speak, keep hicupping, breathing weird, runny nose). She said everything she could to comfort me, then after that ended I just felt awkward around her again. Like i'd shown too much of myself, even though shes my mom and is like the one person I should be really open with. 

My family think I'm a freak. They really do. I act so strange around my extended family, probably from not knowing them very well and not wanting to make a bad impression, which I usually end up doing because I'm so such a backwards idiot. This has gotten so much worse since my father died, not sure exactly why. You're probably reading this thinking I'm over-reacting, I'm not. I act like a fucking idiot in front of my family, I say stupid things, react inappropriately to situations I'm not comfortable with. 

I'm weird around guys. I don't mean just because I'm a straight girl and I'm shy around people I'm attracted to. (Well I am, but thats a story for another day). I've been like this for as long as I can remember, before I even developed attraction to the opposite sex, being around most men/boys I felt like I had to...sort of prove myself to them? It's like I search for validation when I'm talking to guys but with girls its completely relaxed and normal. With girls, I don't feel the need to make them like me. (Strongly feel like this is linked to my relationship with my parents).

Theres a few more reasons why I don't feel like existing anymore but these are some of the main ones, *some*. I get suicidal thoughts in waves throughout the day, some massive and some a little smaller but painful none the less. At the moment, in my sleep deprived state, I see the way I'm feeling at the moment as drowning. Foot caught on a plant on the bottom of the river so no chance of swimming back up to the surface at this point, though occasionally I manage to get high enough to breathe in a bit of air, feeling the sunlight warm on my face, before being sucked back in and reminded that people like me dont belong under the sun, we have a place at the bottom of the river, where nobody has to see us. 

To put it bluntly I seriously doubt I'll still be here to see my 19th birthday...maybe not even my 18th. The only thing keeping me around is the thought of my mom having to deal with my death but thats not always enough to keep me from planning it. 
