tired and consumed by suicidal thoughtsI am not sure how to start this, but I have opened up to a friend recently on having these thoughts. She has a lot going on, and I worry I am triggering her by confiding in her. She often doesn't respond, mostly because of her own issues and I guess I don't let it get in the way of me being there for her (and I try really hard to not project my feelings and issues onto her, and I try to put my difficult times away to be there for her). I genuinely feel like a good friend and I truly have a kind heart, so I don't want people to think I just constantly dump things onto people and like, get attention? I try to not talk to her about these things, but she just has always been that person who gets me on a different level. It's just really hard to be there for people when you are screaming out for some help of your own. And then I feel like garbage because I shouldn't have let her know these things when she has some difficult things going on. But I feel like she doesn't care? She knows I am pretty prideful and stubborn, and I wouldn't say something like that just to say it. I guess I just feel like no one takes my feelings seriously and I feel like I get ghosted by people all the time when I do open up, and it makes it really hard to feel validated as a person sometimes. 
I am so stressed out from work and school, so consumed by thoughts of just not being here anymore that interrupt my concentration on school, that I am having a hard time staying present. Joy is ripped from the things I love, and it's so hard to cope.  And it's just really hard when people just show they don't care, even if they don't realize they are hurting you. I don't know. I just don't know how to deal with them, and maybe I need reassurance that someone would care if it did happen. My friend shows me she wouldn't until it's too late...and any one else I have tried to gain the courage to tell usually just doesn't respond, or states something more like, be positive~ and mindful~. And it's hard. It's hard because I don't want to give these thoughts a voice but it's eating at me so much that I can't contain it. Suicidal thoughts aren't necessarily a decision to do anything or a real desire to do anything, but they are a start and I am terrified that there is just one step between me and it. I am devastated by images of my family mourning if I did this (I love them, they are my everything so I have a really hard time accepting that I could hurt them or even have thoughts of doing that), but the pain is so bad sometimes, and sometimes it feels it could outweigh theirs. I have chronic health issues and a long history of anxiety and depression, both related to physical health and just the balances in my head, and it just feels like my future is really bleak. I need help, but I don't know where to turn. I do not want to place all of this on friends or anything, but when you want to be shown some sense of...being? they are the ones you reach to when you are slipping sometimes. 