Maybe life isn't for everyone...I'm not exactly sure how I ended up here but since no one else really listens to me and at least tries to understand my point of view, why not give it a try?
I apologise for the long text ahead but I'm by no means forcing anyone to read it because it doesn't have any value anyway and it would probably make more sense to just ignore all this and continue managing one's duties. Also, I'm really terrible at expressing myself so this'll be a major disaster.

I don't know where or how to begin but I guess I'll just start at the beginning. So I've only been alive for 16 years yet and to be honest, I would have never imagined that I would feel so worthless and not care about my life anymore one day. It all started after the first semester in 9th grade two years ago when something inside of me suddenly started to crack. I'm still not sure (and no one's able to tell me) what caused all this to happen, but I have some hypotheses. So first of all, I should actually have no reason to be THIS sad and it makes me feel so guilty. My parents are divorced, but it's been like that for more than 10 years already and I think I wouldn't want to change that since I'm staying at my dad's place every weekend, my parents don't hate each other or anything, my stepfather isn't too bad either and my little sister can be really nice to be around at times, too. I used to have a really awesome group of friends but we kind of drifted apart after most of them changed schools and also, I used to be one of the best students in class back then (maybe because my mom put and still puts a lot of pressure on me to only come home with excellent grades though). I was really extroverted, always laughed and made jokes, aced every test and barely had to study. Basically everyone wanted to be around me because I had such an uplifting aura and I really enjoyed hanging out with a large group of people and being in the centre of attention. But then everything changed for the worse so rapidly, I couldn't handle it. I was still doing fine at the beginning of 9th grade but I noticed how I increasingly lost motivation to do things and with that my grades went down the tubes.

My story isn't over yet, but I think I should tell you one of my hypotheses here because it might be the reason (a really stupid reason) why I became such an emotional wreck. I need to give you some background information though; so I've been into this Korean boy group for almost exactly three years now and I have to say that one of the members is probably the only reason why I haven't killed myself yet, even though he could have possibly triggered my depression. After my "squad" split up I felt really lonely and I needed something or someone who can give me some comfort and at that time I was already a pretty big fan of this group, but got more and more obsessed after time passed. It got out of control. My obsession with this goddamn man went so far that I started to skip school because I was so scared of missing out on something related to him, I had panic attacks and was extremely anxious when I wasn't able to check Twitter every second, my friends were terrified and stopped talking to me because I behaved so weirdly and on our school trip to Ireland I once burst out crying because I told myself over and over that I'm a horrible person for not keeping up with his daily life since I couldn't use my phone all the time. Of course there were so much more incidents but I won't bother you with all of them... let's just say it was an "interesting" experience. I'm sorry, you probably think I'm crazy, but maybe I really am and they should just let me perish in an asylum!

Sorry, I'm going to move on with my story. Now you know why I'm thinking that this could possibly be a reason for my dilemma even though I've never told anyone before because I'm too scared of people judging me. I guess this whole drama about my obsession drained me so much that I even lost my last bit of motivation to stay updated every day and since then it's been an up and down kind of thing. I'm still really dependent on this group/guy but it's not close to as bad as it used to be. Sadly back then I didn't know what else I had to do go through. You know, no one except my close friends knew about my obsession so it wasn't a big deal for me and I never thought about what impacts it could have on my life, so I just tried to erase it from my memories and it even worked for a while. But in 10th grade someone suddenly noticed that something's not right with me. I myself didn't notice how much I changed over summer break and the exact same thing happened this year again, but I just can't help it. So in 10th grade when I got my first 5 (worst mark in my country) on a the first math exam we had, my math teacher reached out to me and literally asked what's wrong with me these days since I've never failed one of her exams before. Of course I told her that everything's fine, but she didn't believe me at all and wanted to talk to me personally, so we arranged a meeting and she asked me some questions, I answered and I don't really know how to describe it, but I just loved to talk with her. She's one of the kindest and most understanding people I have ever met and I wish everyone could have someone like her in their life. When I'm around her I always get this sudden feeling of safety and comfort, it's so nice. Up until this day I still talk to her weekly (so this kind of "relationship" or bond, whatever you want to call it, has been going on for a very long time already) and I can't describe it in words how grateful I am that she realised how miserable I actually felt. She also talked to my mom several times about my problems and mental state, but since my mom doesn't really care about the way I feel, it was completely useless. She's still as ignorant as before when it comes to topics like this and I really hate her for that but you can't change someone's way of thinking this easily, so I just don't care anymore. I'm not even trying to explain things to her anymore because it will only end with me being yelled at or being kicked out of the house and feeling even worse than before our conversation. As you can probably tell, we don't have the best mother-daughter relationship, but I'm not complaining because if I was here, I would be overwhelmed with someone like me too. I mean, I actually am overwhelmed with myself... so yeah. I'm just glad I have my math teacher since I can tell her anything without feeling judged and we really do talk about everything and I'm actually convinced that I wouldn't be here anymore without her. One time I ran to her, looking like I've been crying for several days straight, the morning after my mom kicked me out and I told her that I wanted to die, and she didn't freak out or anything, she just tried to calm me down and let me see the aspects of life that she thought were worth living for.
This post is getting way too long to be honest, I'm really sorry for making you read so much (if you're still reading this sh*t) but I just feel the need to write all these things down. I'll try to summarise it a bit more now.
One thing that even made my mom realise that something's wrong with me is when I suddenly lost a significant amount of weight at the end of 10th grade which was this year. I looked like a skeleton fresh out of the grave with only 43kg but to be honest, I really liked the way I looked and I still do... I was forced to gain weight this summer though because everyone was scared I'm going to die (which was my goal in the first place). I still hate myself for gaining weight because if I kept starving myself, I would probably be dead by now. And now we have finally arrived at this part of my story, my current state.
My life is useless, it's not worth all this suffering day after day... I don't have an aim in life, I don't have any hobbies, I don't have any friends, I'm failing at school, I can't stand myself, I don't remember the last time I smiled or laughed and really meant it, I feel like an object, not like a human being. I'm failing at life! I'm the disgrace of our society! The only reason why I haven't killed myself yet is because I'm a fucking pussy! I'm still waiting for something terrible to happen that pushes me over the edge to get the remaining courage to finally be able to finish the job. I stay awake every goddamn night and make up scenarios in my head about killing myself and I know it's completely crazy, but I enjoy it. Knowing that I can end my life so easily calms me down in a sort of way. The truth is, I'm convinced that no one needs me. Most of the people around me ignore me already anyway, so why not grant them their wish? If there was a button that erases my entire existence from the memory of all the people who have ever gotten to know me, it would have been pressed by now. And it's unnecessary to tell me that it'll get better one day because I know that it won't. That's wishful thinking. I've been trying to get help for two years and I'm just getting worse and worse. Why should I keep suffering and enduring this constant, nearly unbearable emotional pain when I don't believe in having a future. I don't even believe that I'll make it until the end of 11th grade. I guess life just isn't for everyone. It wasn't my decision to be born in the first place. Saying I hate my life would be more than an understatement. Of course some people might be a bit sad if I I'm not here anymore but they'll get over it and keep on living their lives without me and in the end it'll be as if nothing has ever happened. What's so bad about not wanting to be a part of all this? We are humans, we're not immortal, we will all die sooner or later. So why not speed up the process for the sake of my "sanity"? Life should be enjoyable but it's destroying me and I just can't bear it anymore. It's too much for me. I feel so empty but so much pain at the same time, it's unbelievable. I just can't keep living like this. It's so frustrating to wake up every morning and regret your entire existence. Sometimes you just have to accept the fact that there are people out there who don't think highly of this whole "life is a gift" drivel and you don't do them a favour by literally forcing them to stay alive. Some people, including me, are better off dead.