What if death is just worse? ( too many psychedelics or not enough)I am 30, and have off and on thought about suicide since I was 12 or so. This past year is the worst its been. Sometimes it feels inevitable.

Definatly the black sheep of the (extended) family. I am on parole now for breaking I to my neighbors house accidentally due to drugs n such (way simplified). 

Got out and stayed sober for a few months. It was easy locked up, but back to the pointless empty world that perplexes me and I am back to trolling drug forums and ordering obscure chemicals as my main hobby.

Have gone so far out on psychedelics and dissasociatives. Have passed through places that felt neither here nor there. Full of suicides and people just stuck. Viewing existence in this reality but unable to participate. Have experienced both the complete and unexplainable love of being ONE, all that is was and ever/never will be. The flip side to that is complete emptiness. A total black void where nothing exist and God seems to be. Bit of a butter. God is so fucked by utter loneliness it creates all this shit out of insanity until it collapses back, repeat ad nasuem.

I do not even really want to die.  I just want the nagging pain of existence to stop. I can't even fucking eloquate why it hurts anymore. It just does. I don't have $$ to pay rent. I halfway look for jobs, but half the time I can't even for e myself to try.

I don't want to ask anyone for help. I've been helped so much by so many and keep fucking it off. Sure people say they would have rather helped than attend a funeral. Most even convince themselves they mean it, but I am not so sure.

Not wanting to hurt my mom ( it would destroy her. Possibly leading to her killing her self eventuLly I think) , and this nagging suspision that dying here will only leave me having to deal with all the pain of what I was trying to run from anyway. Like "sit here and watch how you affcted people. Feel the pain for a good while. Now go reincarnate and do it again after eons of this painful form of existence."

Wondering if 100mg hydrocodone, 100-150mg xanax(etizolam but who knows what that is), and a fifth of whiskey is enough. 

I dunno. Maybe I will just go fail a piss test on purpose and try and get locked up again. Maybe I will overdraft my bank account and just drove away. Maune I will randomly get a job in the next 9 days and shit will work out. Even then, I dunno how much further down the road I will make it.

Wtf life. Wish I had someone to talk to. Even typing this makes me feel Bette. No one wants to hear it though so I just smile and pretend, drop hints here and there. My mom gets this fucked up lookl sometimes like she knows it is inevitable. I feel horrible for that. Last time I saw my Aunt she looked like she wanted to cry when she saw me. Like my face just said "fuck it hurts so much and I'm just counting the days"...