Calling crisis doesn't help me feel betterI have had suicidal thoughts since I was 6 years old. I have made many attempts including drinking antifreeze, slashing my wrists and overdosing on medications. I have called a crisis or suicide hotline at least a hundred times, but it never makes me feel better. It's just a person on the other end of the line like always and they  nod and fake interest in what I am saying. 

It's like they cannot understand how bad I really feel. I tell them that going to the hospital never made me feel better and usually made me feel worse. They react as if they don't understand how going to a hospital didn't help me. This is the only solution they know to offer me and I tell them it never helped. I have been to mental hospitals at least ten different times, always for being suicidal. The person on the crisis line doesn't get it. And it leaves me feeling more lonely in my depression than ever before.

I am sick of living this way, sick of my life and I can't stand all the horrible memories that haunt me every day. Abuse, molestation, rape, assault, parents dying, being used by people, and other things haint me every day. The people on crisis don't have the ability to give me the help I need to really get better and have a better life. Half the time the person on the crisis line seems to get tired of listening and try to ask me if there is anything else they can do and try to get me off the phone after making sure I tell them that I don't plan to act on my suicidal thoughts.

I feel nothing makes me feel better or even comfortable. I have endometriosis and back problems. I am in pain every day and my mental health is very fragile. But my past experience makes me know that calling crisis doesn't help. But when I try to tell people that it doesn't help, they act like it is my problem. I feel like they are basically saying "If you feel that bad, then call crisis. If you don't want to talk to crisis, then shut up about it. You must not really feel that bad if you don't want to call crisis or go to the hospital"

Mental hospitals are not safe for female patients. I was raped by a male patient at Skyline Madison Campus mental facility on Nashville, TN in 2011. I was sexual assaulted by male patients in two other facilities. I told the nurses, and they basically ignored it and swept it under the rug. I made a police report but it made no difference. I have also suffered severe physical side effects from medications forced on me while in mental hospitals. One side effect was tremors and making my legs jerk. My experiences in mental facilities has been of abuse, neglect, trauma and injury.

But when I try to explain why mental hospitals have only hurt me and never helped, people don't want to hear it. They don't want to believe that mental hospitals are flawed and problematic. They rather believe that I am the one with the problem and it is my own fault that mental hospitals have not helped me.

I hate my life. And I have no one to turn to for help because whenever I try they want to redirect me to a crisis line or hospital instead. They don't want to listen to me, but want to push me onto someone else so they can go back to their normal routine and not have to think about me. Even if it means pushing me to someone who will end up hurting me rather than helping.

I really wish I was dead. There is not enough real help available for people like me. Detached talk therapy is like a bandaid. Medication is like a bandais. And the only thing that kind of helps is medical Marijuana and society treats me badly for that. I find some relief in a little plant but because of ignorance I am not allowed that small amount of joy. No, people rather I try to find happiness with the psychiatric medications that disabled me in the first place.

I feel very alone right now.