Considering checking myself into a mental hospital but am scared to do soI’m 19, a female and been majorly depressed since I was about 15 years old, attempted suicide twice but was never taken to the hospital and became genuinely scared I was going to hurt myself/commit suicide at 18 in October 2016. 

Part of my family knows this, and so do my friends. My mother doesn’t talk about it with me, doesn’t ask why, doesn’t bother to understand. I mostly think it’s because she doesn’t know how to cope, and has lashes out at me once saying that if I decide to kill myself, she won’t come to sign my death certificate. My older sister (10 years apart) also knows this, it makes her angry and has the same mindset as my mother.

I have never felt 100% happy since I turned about 12, when my mom decided I was old enough to take on all her problems, i.e. her inability to pay bills, find a boyfriend/husband etc etc. She does not talk to me about things other than my plans for school, and the bills she makes me pay. She does not ask me how I feel, ever. The only time she is interested in my feelings is when my father disappoints me, as she loves to hear he’s let me down. She does her best to provide for me, and she is not a bad mother, just bad at mothering. However, most of my depression and suicidal thoughts come her.

The only person who ever truly got it in my family was my aunt, and she recently decided she did not want to speak to me anymore, not over my constant calling her when I have breakdowns or fights with my mom, but over something ridiculously minuscule that even when put into perspective, seems childish to even get upset over. My other aunt who lives closest to me has her own problems; three kids, a mortage, three cars and a husband that just recently lost his job. I don’t see her often.

The other part of it comes from my friends, not that they don’t love me or support me, in fact they are 90% the reason I am still here. It’s just that they all have reasonable outlets when things get bad; their boyfriends, their families or they are able to handle it, according to what they have told me. I look at them and wonder when it’s my turn to be happy.

I have been for years and currently am seriously considering hurting myself and/or committing suicide. I have a butcher knife under my pillow if I ever decide to get guts to endure the pain of hurting myself. I’ve thought about it in detail, and find peace and relief in the idea of ending my life.

I want to get better, and I know there are things to live for but it’s hard to keep a positive mindset when I walk in my mom’s apartment where I sleep on a mattress on the floor in the living room. and she looks at me like she’s never loved me a day in her life. We have not had a real conversation in four days.

I’m thinking about just checking myself into a mental hospital, to prevent myself from doing what I constantly feel the urge to do. Everyday is a struggle just to want to stay alive.