I am going to doit tonight, convince me otherwiseMy life fucking sucks and I am already on antidepressants, for quite a while actually, one year already, and I already tried to take my life once which is the reason why i had to stay in a psychiatric hospital twice, which is the reason i got put on antidepressants in the first place, however they don't fucking work. I was on ritalin for 9 years however because of a girl i met and fell in love with, who demanded that i stop taking my ritalin immediately I stopped it only to discover that i can't live without it which is why i cut my dosage in halve and nearly flunked out of school. Because of my stays at the psychiatric hospital i had to retake the 11th grade for a third time which is fucking embarrisng with an iq of 146 onto itself (i got tested when i was 12), however this isn't such of a priblem the real problem is that this girl convinced me, because i have aspergers, for which i fucking hate myself for, i am so fucking lonely i haven't had any friends since i was 6 yeras olds, to tell everybody that i was in a psychiatric hospital twice only to realize that she just wanted to embarass me in forn t of everbyody. I only realized that fact later when it already was too late. Now nobody even talks with me and i fucking hate it. I am preddy durnk right now and seriously consideing taking alle the meds i have which ultimatelcly will kill me, however i am still tp afraid, i need more fucking alcohol. Tje only thing keeping me aliver is that i nearly proved an important mathematical conjecurte, verified by 2 professors, one of which who was my nmath teacher who leater became a professor (which is qzite usual in germany), however my proof was deemed incomplete, and i could complete it if there hadn't been that carbon monoxide poisoning on the date of my drivers license exam where my fucking driving teacher had, by accident, another student carbon monoxide poison me by leaving his motorcylce, whose exhaust faced the car i was in, the driver door was opened and i was siting on the passenger seat,  the mortoxycle was about 30cm away,  on for 5 minutes, which fumed my car, which i didn't immediately realise was poisonous, and caused me a mild headache which lasted 30 minutes. Goddamn, I just wanted to get my drivers license and the fukcign test ruiend my lfe, goodbye curel world iwill maybe drink more alcohol and maybe take an overdose of my abtidepressabnrs and ritalin which will hopefully kill me. give me one fucking ereaosn to still continue living. My fucking sister makes fun of me because i never had a girlfirend. I was always fat however because of the girl i fell in love with i lost 30kg in 2 monthts by excersiing evry day hopwever she betrayed me by fuckig another guy. I was devasted and once in the disco another gitl showed inrerest in me whcih i know because the girl i once was in lovce with texted me the next day that this girl was interested in me whcih i didnät get because of my fuckign aspergers gottdammit heres the prrof we were stll friedns kind of adet all thats happended http://i.imgur.com/XpDj7D1.png and http://i.imgur.com/Yuc7QKS.png however i literally fucked up, whci i only relalised like 2 months later because of my fuckng aspergers which i was also diagnosed with by a psychatrist at 12 fuckign shti and now i have to warch her be happy with anpther hguy every day . fucking shot. well aftre losing 30kgs i regained 15 ajd am fat again fuck, Hoepefil i am prbaly ging to sleep now i will gieve you till tommoooro to five me a reson to live befor i commit suicide bye