I'm trying again tonight.I let myself live once, and all that this extra time living has showed me is that living isn't worth it. I don't care anymore. I still haven't gotten better in school; in fact, I've gotten worse because I can't focus and I can only think about how I hurt the people in my classes and in the halls that I've previously wronged and how I'm a failure for not doing well in 2 classes instead of one now. I come home to do homework and I fall asleep from the stress. I wake up and I go back to school, until Saturday when I waste my life and Sunday when I'm dragged to church where I'm unintentionally berated for who I am, only to waste the rest of the day not being physically able to concentrate on homework. I'm overloaded. I'm burnt out. I can't do tutoring because I'm scared to talk to my teachers because either they don't like me or they get mad if you don't know the content. I'll never be able to meet my goal of having a pet fox, the one fucking thing that could possibly give my life meaning even if I'd suck at it, if I don't pass college, and I can't get in easily if I fail high school. I'm too stupid to do college, and at this point I don't want to. I can't get a job because of how lazy I've gotten. I don't want to stay with my parents and burden them down. I can't take five more years of school. Everything about me seems to be broken: my sexuality, my work ethic, my speech, the way I look, the way I think, my memory, my hearing, my eyesight, everything. Nobody has ever expressed any interest in me, and in the one case someone has, I turned them away with the stupid, impulsive, assholish side of myself. I can't talk to a professional because they can't fix my situation, they can only medicate me and lie to me about my situation. I don't care who I leave because they'll get over it. Letting myself suffer because other people might get sad (most people at school will probably get disappointed at best) when you finally end it just seems selfish on their part to me. I'm not getting put on meds. I don't want to blind myself with drugs to the hellish situation I'm living in. My parents won't get me real care because apparently real therapists aren't Christian enough. I have so many more reasons but I'm too stupid to remember them right now. I'm tired. I'm trying a new version of what I did last time that is more likely to off me for real this time. I don't even know why I'm posting here if I'm so set on doing this, but I have to end this miserable cycle soon. I'm a lost cause and I'd rather pass away under the radar so everyone forgets I ever existed. I'm sorry if this doesn't make any sense because I forgot something or just because I'm a god awful writer. At about 12 CST, I'm doing it. 5 hours left. Goodbye.