The thought of attempting suicide in the past makes me want to try again, and do it even more.On November 28 2017, I attempted suicide via overdose. It was an unsuccessful attempt by the end of it, and I hate the fact that it was. 

I was ready to die. I was ready to end it all. Without specifying how many drugs I had taken, I was honestly in the state of mind that it would work. I took the pills, and attempted to sleep. However, I couldn't sleep. I had a sense of regret in my stomach, and I was very uneasy while lying down. I was thinking about my life up until that point, and honestly, it put me at ease. My suicide attempt was justified, and I shut my eyes, ready to die within the next few days.

I was found out, and taken to the GP. They did not examine me or anything, I was let off free. It seemed the doctor only cared about my mental health, and not what I had done. This was about 36 hours after attempting the overdose. From all the research I did, I knew I was to die. I was experiencing symptoms of the first phase, but nothing after that. It was later that day I became worried, why was I not showing any other symptoms apart from the previously mentioned phase 1?

I stayed alive when I was ready to die. I survived, *somehow*.

This world let me live when I was ready to die. My plan worked perfectly up until the 'dying' part. Why is it me who somehow survives suicide attempt after suicide attempt? I'm sick of it. I'm sick of being on this planet. I'm sick of everything. Everyday I get closer to trying again, and I have only been able to stick by through my personal coping method. Ashamedly, I'm addicted to it. This makes me only feel much more crappy about myself.

I hate waking up day after day, and seeing my mess ups apparent in my every day life. When I look over at everyone around me, they have problems, fears, and all of that as well. But I feel like an outcast for being the one among them who wants to die.

I am a horrible person. 

This bring me to today. Why I am writing all of this on this subreddit. I am going to try again, eventually. Before that... I just want to get my message out there. When I do, I want you all to know that I hope you get better. Because no matter how hard I try, I revert all the way back to square one.

Whoever has read all of this, thank you for your time. 

