I dont know what to look forward to in life anymore.I dont have anything to look forward to in life anymore, and i feel like im a burden on everyone. I think this all started back when i was young, around grade 4. I was put on medication for ADHD (which i found out i dont have, last year), and took it every day. Eventually, i was taken out of school, and placed into a different school, into a class for special education. I thought this to be normal for every kid, and thought nothing out of the ordinary. Eventually, i stopped eating. Nothing seemed appealing. I told my mother, and i guess she got the doctor to up the dosage. It still didnt help, in fact, it made it worse. All the while, through grade 4, i kept to myself more and more, not caring about social interaction. I eventually stopped taking the medication. Fast forward a couple of years, summer of grade 9-10. I was in a completely different school, different city, everything was new to me. I made a couple friends by tagging along with my brother, and eventually smoked weed with him. It was a great day, and i made a friend or two. Skip to the end of grade 10. I was a full on stoner, i smoked everyday, not giving a fuck about life. I had failed a class or two, but i really didnt give a shit. Eventually, summer ends, classes startsl again, and i get to go back to seeing people at school everyday. But, thats not how it was. I had to retake 2 grade 10 courses, religion and language arts. I felt very out of place, and literally only said a handfull of words in both classes. I kept a strong spirit, forcing myself to go to every class. On september 24, i had broke my arm. I didnt go to classes for a couple of days, stayed at home, and played games all day. Jump ahead a couple of months, to the start of february. I had just smoked a joint outside, and went back inside. I wanted to snoop around my brothers room, to see if he had any weed i could borrow from him. While i was looking in a drawer, i found a note my mother had wrote, detailing how he was always going to be her favourite son, and thanking him for everything. This had devestated me, because i had always been told by my mother i was her favourite son. She lied to me, which killed me inside. Now, today, i didnt even go to school because i woke up feeling like i didnt fit in, like i was the odd one out. I just now realise that ive been lied to for years, for the majority of my life. I feel as though i will never make it far in life, and my drug use will evolve into something serious, if it hasnt already. I barely eat any more, i barely sleep, i barely do anything but smoke weed, longboard, and go to school. Ive told my mother about how i fear every time i hear the doorbell, its going to be one of the last things i hear. I fear my brother owes money to someone, and they are going to come in my house and kill me. Part of me wants to put my current life behind, get a job, stop smoking, and move out with a friend to help me pay rent in one of the apartment complexes in town. Part of me wants to keep my life how it is, part of me just wanta to completely kill my social life to go back to those days when i had nothing to worry about, when i had a good home, and didnt have to worry about anyone coming to do anything to my family, and part of me just wants to end my life. 

Thanks for your time for reading this, it really means a great deal to me. Ive never really been a vocal person, and whenever i talk, someone always interrupts me, like im not there, like im just a shadow on the wall. And sorry for the wall of text.