Look, I tried to get help.... Please. Please help me. I need someone to talk to. Because you are the only ones that I can get to disturb because I really don't know you. Please. I'm desperateI checked our r/SuicideBereavement and felt like an actual bitch. I was willing to let my GF and loved ones in the same state poor people over there are in. I felt like shit. I'm gonna quit trying to get help. I was proud I let my GF know I was cutting, but that reaction.... I put her in an obviously unpleasant scenario. There's no reason for me to bother her with it. We both agreed that this is not the way and if I did so I would become a shit person for leaving her on her own, while not having loved her enough. I'm already a shit person. I will never be able to give her all the love she deserves. I'm a monster, unable to love. I was taken my smile away when I was a kid. Covering my mouth when smiling or instantly stopping when I realize I'm doing so had become an habit to me. I look at her perfect smile. And then I question if she ever really has seen me smile before. No kidding. 3 broken upper teeth, because I was bullied when I had just grown out my final front teeth. Lower teeth extremely out of shape. Probably because I didn't brush well as a kid. I don't know. But there's no possibility of fixing them as of now. My family is extremely unstable in terms of money. How am I going to let her enjoy me if I hate myself so fucking much. I cut myself. I have a belt and a bag ready. That's my level of fucking selfish coward. Now it's just a matter of how long it will take for me to be selfish enough to finally do it. I won't bother my GF about it more. I won't bother you more. If I finally decide to do so you definitely won't her about it. I have up on all hope of getting help. I swore to her that I'd never wear that masks again. Well, I'll just act as if I wasn't suicidal. I won't desperately hide it as my masks do. I will just not tell her. She doesn't have to deal with my shit anyways. I'm a burden. I won't be able to fix myself in time not to fuck her up. And of all the people that I care about, she's one of the most if not the most important one. I know. I'm a piece of shit for cutting. It's only normal that she doesn't get the reason why I do it in the first place. I told her I'll try not to cut. Which doesn't mean I won't stop wishing and planning my death. I'm sick of being like this. But whenever I tell her, she just reassures me that the best me I can be is myself. And despite me actually feeling better taking to her, I can't get myself to tell her that I just lacked love basically all of my childhood. And I didn't know it felt so good. I'm used to being kind with everyone, extremely polite, even with strangers, but I did it because I try to give everyone the love I want given in the first place. I basically NEED to be loved. But I feel like it may be just to much work for her. And I hate the feeling of being a burden. Please. If you have reached here. I'm desperate. Please