At a point where I need more than any person can give just to make it out of bed.. I'm broken after years of being the pillar of a broken familyDad dies while I'm barely 17. I need to get a job, and with my no excuses mentality, I do so 2 days later. From then, until a couple of months ago, I've never let anything become an excuse for me to slack off. Got into private uni on my own, got the only place on the scholarship program, finished in the fastest time possible. All the while, I kept switching freelance jobs from English tutoring to digital painting, which I sucked at, but kept mercilessly practicing and trying to become commercial. Spent 4 years away from home, in a different city, then a different country on student exchange, working and barely socializing because I felt like I couldn't have a clear conscience spending money on frivolous social outings while family is in shambles. Kept digging us out of debt, but it's so ridiculously huge that I still haven't been able to clear it completely. Elder brother is too focused on a difficult program at his uni, hasn't finished it still, and mother can't get a job at all, because her mother is ill and her sister is out of a job due to injury at her job.

Something broke recently. I realized how empty and destroyed I am on the inside, that I can't get social occasions right at all. Too much grief hangs over my head and the one opportunity I get at a relationship every 3-4 years, it never lasts at all. I'm just too much of a handful even when I'm using every gram of energy I have left to control myself.

Moved back home after graduating, things started to stink in. Spent my time on the exchange program being ousted by my entire residential building because I wanted to sleep and they had parties in the hallways at 4AM. Basically everywhere I go I can't catch a break because extroverts get to make the rules, even if it's so unfair that paying for somewhere to stay doesn't get you the right to sleep, despite working all day.

My eyesight is shit, I have genetic defects, gained weight recently as well. Mental wreck that missed the entirety of the past 6+ years and I feel like an old man at this point.

The way I see it, I'm just a spare part or a battery that has served its purpose in surviving all the shit that was thrown at my family. My mother and brother are at odds with me because I'm not outgoing enough by their standards, and I can never get across that I'm the one that needs some help for once. The way I see it, I'm just wasting resources at this point. I want to end myself because there's no way to recover from what I've had to do, and there's no reason in me existing either.

Everything hurts and I can't fix anything. I've even stopped working just because I'm so fatigued. I wish I wasn't born into this nightmare life.