Difficulties with trauma, and my own lack of abilityI have a background of abuse. My mother isolated and hurt me for a full 27 years of my life. 

I've been away for a while now. After all that time, my brain is finally processing everything, and while I'm grateful to be away from my abuser the flashbacks and the anxiety and the self-loathing sucks.

This is painful. This hurts.

And I don't think it's ever going to stop. Here's the thing about the human brain: it continues to develop up until the mid twenties. This is why the younger you are the easier it is to learn new concepts. 

I was 27 when I got out. Everything I am now is all I will ever be. All of my anxiety, my fear of anger, it's all locked in. My brain is done. I can fight the base programming, but that base programming is here to stay.

I don't have any skills. I'm naive, too slow on the uptake, I don't know how to interact with people, and I'm so depressed I can't move half the time. I'm doing what everyone says, I'm going on walks, I'm eating right, but it's getting worse. The past week every waking moment has been spent wanting to go back to sleep. 

I don't want to think, I don't want to be conscious. I woke up at around 3am the other night and just started sobbing into my blanket because I didn't want to be awake. It was awful. 

I know I probably need a therapist. I can't afford one. I'm not sure it would even help if I managed it. About six months back I put all my spare funds toward a month of an online therapy service, and the person I got stopped messaging me three weeks in. I annoyed her, I think. I vented too much.

I've always been too much. Anything that comes out of my mouth can be grounds for people to not want anything to do with me anymore. When I was small and still had a shred of confidence, no one wanted to have anything to do with me because I was too loud. As an adult, no one wants anything to do with me because I'm too sad and quiet.

Hell, my uncle got to the point where he insisted that I drink myself under the table when he wanted to spend time with me because I wasn't worth being around sober. 

I can't get a job. I don't have experience, I don't have life skills, and the few times I've managed to get an interview I've cowered too much for them to consider me. I don't have friends. My partner has to force me into their friend group so I can get some social interaction, and I let them do it because I'm lonely, but it isn't fair to their friends and shoving me down their throats isn't going to endear me to them.

I'm so tired of trying. I'm tired. There's no point to my life. I was born to sate someone's ego and without her around to use me as a punching bag I have no use. 

And I know, I get it, no one is born to be useful. We're supposed to enjoy life, to love and be loved, to experience all we can without strings. We don't need to have a point.

But I still feel so worthless. It's all I can do to keep up with the dishes, and even then, I've only been doing as much as I can get away with before going off back to bed.

I'm not currently in danger. I am not activly suicidal. But the passive suicidal ideation has gotten bad, and I'm afraid something's going to push me over. I haven't made an attempt in 6 years. I don't want that to change.

And please don't tell me, "if you think you're worthless, then that's what you are! If you convince yourself you cant do anything then you'll never be able to!"

I keep getting that response when I reach out. I already hate myself, I don't need more reasons to do so. If it was as easy as thinking myself to good health I would have done so already. 

Thank you for reading this far, if you've gotten here. I don't even know what I'm asking for here. I'm just sad, and wanted to put it somewhere.