I've set a date to dieI guess a little background first might be useful. I'm 22, I've suffered from depression pretty much constantly since I was 15 (and I probably was depressed long before actually being diagnosed). In the last few years I've started 3 different courses at university, all of which I've ended up having to drop out of because I couldn't handle the workload and my depression would get really bad, this leaves me feeling really worthless particularly when I see all my peers beginning to start careers. I've never had a girlfriend, probably largely due to my lack of confidence, not that I would end my life over something so petty but it contributes to my feeling of worthlessness. The girl I've liked for the past few years already has a boyfriend (which would be easier to deal with if he wasn't a complete jerk, and practically the opposite of me-eg. overflowing with confidence, doesn't really give a shit about anyone but himself). A few months ago I decided to tell her how I felt despite this (not intending to interfere with her relationship, mainly just thinking it might help me move on-which it didn't), unfortunately I did this through facebook as I couldn't get a chance to speak to her alone, and even though she didn't seem to think less of me for it, I've regretted doing that ever since. On top of that I really don't have any friends, and never really have (only people who are 'friends' in certain situations, never really inviting me anywhere or socializing outside of those situations, whereas I have tried to do that) so I'm constantly feeling alone and feeling like I don't belong anywhere.

So I've planned a date to kill myself. Like most people I don't actually want to die but I can't keep going like I have been and I've run out of options, in fact part of the reason I decided to set a date was to hopefully change my mind, and make myself less likely to do something impulsively, and I even decided on several things that if they happened I wouldn't kill myself but I realize now those things aren't likely to happen between now and then. I was trying to decide between 2 dates, one of which was today, but ended up deciding on the later date because it gives me the chance to do things I want to do first. I don't really know what I expect to get out of this, I've already tried so much and seen several counsellors, psychologists and psychiatrists, and I've improved a bit but I don't know how to keep going any more, anyway I figure it can't hurt to post here.