Help with a suicidal friendI have a friend (let's call him Jim) who is really struggling with depression and self-hate, but will not seek professional help. After several phone conversations, I not sure how I can help. Sorry for the long story here but I want to include all the necessary details. I have a tl;dr at the end.

I met Jim a couple of years ago while a senior in college. Jim is about 10 years older than me (I am currently 24) and is already a pioneer in my industry. When I first met him, he was an administrator for a large company for whom I aspired to work. As such, I started and maintained a professional relationship with Jim which ended up helping me secure a job. I started my job this past September coincidently on the same day that Jim was starting a new position (e.g. he was promoted) but at a new location. Hence, we both bonded over starting new jobs in new places on the same exact day. Note that we are at different locations states away from each other, and haven't actually seen each other face to face since I was a senior in college.

Back in May before we started in September, I could tell that Jim was nervous about the move. One night, I gave him a call to lend an ear and hopefully help him feel better about the move. However, I learned that Jim was really struggling with depression and even had a plan to commit suicide if he didn't receive the promotion. He was very specific in what he would do and when, so it was clear he was serious. What I thought would be a 30 minute chat became a three hour talk about his life and how he is struggling. I tried my best to be receptive (mainly be an ear) and encourage a few options for seeking help. Having struggled with depression myself (but years ago), I tried to be as supportive as I could while at the same time realizing my limitations. We both ended up crying together toward the end of the conversation realizing our similarities and agreed to be mutual support for each other. The next day, Jim said he was feeling much better about everything, though I was concerned he was only experiencing a brief moment of relief in a dark storm.

Sure enough, a few weeks later, I got a call from a mutual friend that Jim was acting very weird by sending goodbye texts to everyone and nobody knew where he was. I instantly thought he was in grave danger to himself and desperately called him. He answered the call while wheeping saying he was driving around the city and had to "do this." I tried to locate him so I could call 911 to rescue him. However, he refused to give me his location and said I "better not be trying to contact the cops of he'd hang up." After another three hour long phone conversation, I was able to talk of him off the ledge. However, I stressed the importance of seeking out professional help at this point since this was no longer a battle he could fight alone (not exact words but you get the idea). Had I still lived where he lived, I would have then at that point driven to where he was and gone with him to the nearest hospital to help him through the process so he wasn't alone. Unfortunately, I couldn't do that.

After that conversation, Jim once again felt better and was able to move to the new location. However, he is still really struggling with depression. We've had several additional phone conversations (including one just a few minutes ago), and each time I've been able to help him feel better. However, there's a point where I can't keep helping him off the ledge. That sounds incredibly selfish, but I have my limitations...I understand that I am not a medical physician and as such cannot treat him for his condition. The most I can do is be supportive and encourage him to seek professional help. However, he is EXTREMELY resistant in doing so. Over the course of the past few months, I've learned that Jim had a very difficult upbringing in a broken household (divorced parents, drug abuse, mental and physical abuse, having to testify against his parents in court, various arrests, etc). Jim is also struggling with his sexuality and social health. Frankly, it's amazing Jim is as successful in his profession as he is considering all he has endured. Jim admitted to me that he has been to "dozens" of therapists and been on "all the medications you can think of" over the years and that "nothing helps." Hence, he has no faith that therapy will help him at this point.

Now it's almost November and I'm really not sure how to help Jim anymore. He has no friends where he now lives (he's single btw), is seriously doubting himself in his new position, and seems to be falling into a deep pit once again. While I certainly don't know how he truly feels, I understand just how hard it can be to seek out help while depressed. However, given he feels the system has already failed him, at this point he refuses to seek out medical help and just wants to give up. Frankly, I would like to call 911 the next time he is suicidal but he told me that he would freak out. As such, I am scared he would get seriously injured or even try suicide by cop.

I simply don't know what to do anymore. I want to help and don't want to lose him. How can you encourage someone to seek help if they refuse medications and therapy?

tl;dr: I have a friend who is suicidal but refuses to seek medical help since he's had a very rough childhood with apparently bad experiences with therapy and medications.