I know money is not the answer to everything, but...I just (also) braved some nasty winter shit to piss away another ~~four bucks on MegaMillions tickets~~ two bucks on a Powerball ticket.  Because as usual my back is against the wall, and the only thing I really believe can save me right now is a cash windfall.  But if I don't win, I'm not going to kill myself.  I can't make any promises about the future, but if I do finally decide the hit the big reset button, it won't be over this.

I know money is not the answer to everything, but it's the answer to a lot of things.  I can make a list if you want.  I know it can't buy happiness, but it can certainly accessorize happiness.  And it CAN buy mental and physical medical attention I know I need.  I know ultimately I'm the only one who can really make me happy, but it would really help a whole holy hell of a fuckload of a lot if I could throw some money on this weight on my shoulders and make it smaller.  The fact is, I'm stuck living in this world, and this world runs on money.  I don't like it, but it's a fact.  And if I win tonight, or tomorrow, or ever, I promise to use that windfall to try and make me and those around me the happiest and healthiest we can be.  And I'll pay it forward, left, right, and diagonally.

/u/Eaglesfan427, I'd like to give you a steak dinner and a Porsche.  And that other guy, who commented with the big wall of copy/pasted text but has since deleted it... I'm sorry I didn't thank you for that.  I didn't really appreciate it at the time, even though it's more than I've ever done for anyone in my situation.  I owe you breakfast at Cracker Barrel and a *very* clean, *gently* used BMW M3.

~~I know by the time I post this the drawing will have already happened, but I'm using a Schrodinger's Lottery Results approach to this since it won't show up on the website for at least another 20 minutes.~~  Okay I know I cut that a bit close, but let's get ready for tomorrow okay?  Looking forward, never backward.  So please, if you read this, just throw me some good vibes.  I'll make you proud.  

Let's try this again:  05-11-16-24-41 PB: 08

