I’m just tiredI could go on and on about how shitty my life is. In reality it’s not. It really bothers me how I complain how my dad died. And how I’ve lost a lot of important people in my life. Death fucked me up. But it angers me to know that even though I’ve been through a lot, I still have an easy life. Just because my sister is transgender and autistic and has so many behavior issues, it doesn’t ruin my life. Sure it makes it hard. And how my dad was a dumbass and fell off the god damn roof trying to repair a leak when I was 16. But when I go somewhere to buy something swipe my card and don’t even feel the need to check my bank account. I always think of the children who have nothing. How my car, though used, would be a monument to those somewhere else. I am truly grateful for everything in my life. How I’ve lost so many friends and loved ones but I still have the privilege to get help. And have a therapist and a psychiatrist... I feel as if my depression shouldn’t exist. I have been given every single opportunity in life for greatness. Yet I am still tired. The final nail in the coffin was this exact day last year when I received the news of my childhood best friend and neighbor passing away in a car accident. It broke me. Not even. I wasn’t even a shell of a person. My soul was nonexistent. Everything I stood for and believed in is meaningless. We all work so hard to fight, just to die. Immediately my ed came back and i was put on antidepressants. I had to see my therapist and psychiatrist often. My mom turned into a narcissistic asshole who had the audacity to tell everyone on the street her husband died for some pity. She used people, who attention. She made others pity us and what hard lives we’ve had as I sit in my half a million dollar home with AC and running water. I don’t know. I feel like everyone who’s died in my life, and my ed, my self harm, how i was bullied out of my school.... it feels meaningless. I have a god damn iphone. I have no reason to be depressed. I don’t even feel anything. I truly am just tired of living. And not even that I crave death... I just hate existence. To inevitably die and be worthless ash and just a mere memory to those who cared about me. How those people too will die and my existence will be nothing in the spacetime continuum. How everyday I get up to grieve, to work, to study, to have a perfect life... just to die and becoming filth. I just feel unmotivated to live. How I hate my body so much that I am too afraid to have sex with my boyfriend. How I feel like I look like a man. How I am so undesirable, and so so mean. Oh I’m not a good person and I know that. It’s as if my existence doesn’t benefit the world. I don’t feel like a burden or that I need to die, I just want to. I hate this feeling of working towards nothingness. And how I miss my loved ones so much. I want nothing more than to just lay in bed and close my eyes forever.