Rock bottom. Peace out everyone it’s been real for 17 years (but not really it’s been actually fake sooooo...)Yeah I’m not gonna bother with a throwaway or anything (not that I’ve told anyone irl that I’ve visited this sub) yeah I’ve hit rock bottom and I don’t see how I could come back from this. I’ve just stop giving a fuck. I’ve gotten even worse than the Xanax munching bar heads in my school. Obviously I wouldn’t submit COMPLETE control of my body and mind over to a drug (this sentence will soon become ironic), so no I don’t recreationally use Xanax. I smoke weed everyday probably 4-5 times a day. When I’m sober I just hate myself so. Today I realized I was at an actual all time low when I went through the school day today tripping on LSD. It’s funny too cause it’s my first time dropping acid and I did it at school, then in the middle of my physics quiz (which I left blank despite having the answers) I stood up and asked my teacher if I could use the restroom. Went to the bathroom while tripping balls, smoked in there and then came back and then proceeded to hand in my quiz and tell him that I just didn’t know anything on it. Literally a whole unit of work that I missed despite being present in class when it was taught, because my main focus everyday that period was going to the bathroom to smoke weed. Well today when I, never having experienced LSD, dropped acid in school and tripped, not doing any work I completely realized that I don’t give a fuck about my life anymore. My life was a waste to begin with so I’m finally doing my self and everyone else in my environment a favor and throwing it away, by taking it. I figure here would be a good place to leave my final thoughts and words because it’s like a passing of the torch kind of, there’s no one left and there never was anyone to begin with so those who will “claim hurt” by the action of me taking my own life really are just full of shit cause now when I need them they aren’t here so they can go fuck off, So to you, the person reading this, assuming you came here for the same reason I did, good bye. You are the last person to hear my thoughts and get even a tiny glimpse into my life. Deal with that as you may. 

Good bye Everyone and anyone really,
Zack 