Longtime girlfriend break up... Too hard to handleSo I've been dating this girl for the longest time, since early high school.
We met when she moved from out of state because of her past life. 

She came from a small town where everyone knew everyone, but there was the things parents never knew, but she told me... One of the things she told me early on was that she got caught up in drugs and alcohol because of an ex of hers, who constantly cheated on her because she didnt want to have sex. Well eventually he got her drunk enough to make her pass out, and he raped her(if you don't believe it's rape, use the motto "if they can't say yes, it's a no."), she found out later from a friend who he bragged about it to. 

She started dating one guy right as she moved, because that guy reminded her of her ex...Well it lasted less than a month because I came in and swept her off her feet, she was always staring at me.... So we started dating and it was fun and perfect until recently, we had some rough patches, but we always made it through. We always worked well with each other, and since I oppose drugs and alcohol, I got her to stop it real early on. She had trouble at first... But I helped her through it. We soon found a common connection, gaming. We both loved it, and had awesome times with it...

It went down hill last month, when I was out of town with classmates at a giant competition. We got in a huge fight because for her prom she wanted to go, but I really didn't, but I was gonna surprise her later. But one of her friends she was talking to said that her ex(one before me)would love to take her instead, which started the fight.... Eventually it led up to her comparing me to the original guy... I lost it, I "broke up", but asked for her back cause I knew I over reacted... I promised her I'd change... And I tried... I had always had a large ego.... She started talking to the second ex again, and his friend, and that pissed me off beyond belief... So I got in fights with her over it... Until I wanted to get over it, I dropped my ego, and talked to to the two guys to settle it... But they were just dicks about it.... 

She has since been ignoring me when I see her, and when I actually talk to her, she talks with spite in her tone.

As of writing all of this, she officially broke it off, and is sorting out what and what not to give back....

I've been sitting in my bathroom with a knife and a thing of rope... 

One of my best friends ever has helped me so far, can reddit help any more?