Waiting to dieHello everybody I’m currently in my bed which I haven’t left for the past 4 days. To start why I have become like this let me give you a quick list of all my medical diagnosis. High functioning Autism, ADHD, OCD, Clinical Depression, General Anxiety, Social Anxiety, PTSD and moderate NPD. So basically I’m a fucking abomination that shouldn’t have been born. My high functioning autism has caused me to be beat by my parents so hard that I lost the feeling of physical pain in parts of my body temporarily. It has also caused me severe bullying and social neglect and harassment from teachers. In my later years when I got put on medication I tried to make friends and even got close to getting a girlfriend but it all crumbled apart because of my autism. Along with this killing my self esteem and causing my ADHD and Clinical Depression. It has made me in-able to hold a job and function period. My OCD messes everything up to the point where I can’t even leave my room for like 30 minutes because I have to tidy everything up.

My PTSD and Anxiety make me terrified to socially interact because of possible negative outcomes and trauma from past social experiences. When I was 8 I got my head beat in with a nerf gun because I was annoying and I had a bad concussion. When I got older I found out I had autism and that lead me to several suicide attempts which left me in a hospital for months. All of these things combined make my life physically and mentally impossible no matter how many medications I’m put on. I don’t even have the energy to kill myself anyways I’m so fucking tired I just want to fade away. It took me 3 hours to write this far since I’m so low on energy. Can’t socialize normally or do anything normally so I shouldn’t even be alive. If I had a past life I must have done something horrible for me to be cursed with this hell.

Everyday of my life has been a constant struggle and I don’t even remember the last time I genuinely smiled at something. And the fact that I know autism is incurable makes me want to die even more because I know that it won’t get better no matter what anyone says. I can’t take living with this anymore and I don’t even have the will to end this curse. Sorry if this post is depressing I just needed to say this somewhere. Im not in danger of suicide which deeply saddens me, so don’t worry I will still be rotting away tomorrow and the day after etc.... Hope you all have a great day in my place. 