Sometimes it's a cold, rational answerHi everyone,

Disclaimer:
I'm not suicidal, so if there's an urgent case on r/suicidewatch, go help it now!
Neither am I a native english speaker so please forgive my mistakes and blame the language barrier if there's something you don't understand.

If somebody once told me that I would write my thoughts on a suicidewatch threat, I would have laughed to him, but here I am.

Since I'm in high school, I went out of the closet as a homosexual. The friends I made at that time all know my sexual preferences, they saw as a man who's very confortable with his sexuality. I like teasing my straight buddies with the bad sides of their heterosexuality, it makes them laugh, me too. When they ask some questions, I always show them homosexuality as something very easy to deal with, perfectly conciliable with manliness, watching sports and drinking beers.

That's why my friends didn't understand why I went back in the closet for college. I've been a law student for 6 years now and I only told 2 or 3 guys.
I went back in the closet because there's something I never told to anyone, even my closest bros: I don't accept me at all as a homosexual. I'm not shameful but it toughly decreases my chances to be a father one day. It doesn't mean I cannot have a family with another man, but just implies that MAYBE I won't. That simple "maybe" is enough so I can't sleep anymore. I figure myself as the single "gay pal" who watches his friends founding their own families, I see myself dying alone in a retirement home with no one to visit me.
I tried to change many times, straight porn works but that's it. There's no way I can find to change my sexuality, maybe because that doesn't exist...
I could marry a woman and have children with her, but it's not loyal for her and the children. There's a risk I could break the family.

I believed that fear would disappear within few years, but it constantly increased since back then. The fear is now like a rock in my chest which keeps me from feeling any sorts of happiness.
There's no help to find nor people to talk anywhere, only that bottle at sea: friends would never understand, they'd answer that two men can have a family, it will be easier in few years. I agree with them but the evolutions are just a more certain way to say "maybe", they don't think like that because they know they WILL have one, it's impossible for them to understand.
So with loneliness, the rock in my chest is just bigger and bigger everyday so I know that one day, I will seriously plan to put an end to that never-ending fear.

Do the math:
- The purpose of life is the pursuit of happiness
- For me, the condition of happiness is having a family
- If there's a chance I wouldn't have one, so my happiness is neither confirmed nor rejected
- But the day I'll be sure I'll never be a father, so the pursuit of happiness will be impossible and my life will be invalid as the consequence of happiness

I'm at the third step of that reasoning, I know that someday I'll reach the last one and I will put an end to my life not in tears or pain, but coldly. As one solves a sadly logical equation.

I apologize for that overlong statement but there's no one else I can talk to without being made a mockery of. They would laugh to death if only they knew but yet they wouldn't be so sarcastic if they were in my head right now.
As it was said earlier, there's no suicide in my schedule for now but I know that it will be seriously thought later.

Is this something common? Is there something I haven't figured?

Thank you so much