HH's anti-Nestle memes are a start and I'm happy I got to see themHow am I supposed to live - and I mean that seriously - when I know that if everyone stopped buying McDonald's, Pepsi, etc. (including myself!!!) the world would be better off, even if it's just that, a boycott? Which I do believe in, hypothetically, but NO ONE wants to fucking do it with me and I have no power. 

I can say buy a different brand but guess what? I'm a minor with no income, I consume the brand my parents purchase. They don't know or care about why this is important and their defeatism is highly contagious. I'm already depressed as hell knowing that my childhood being raised on processed snacks has contributed to pounds and pounds of plastic production from supply and demand, as well as my family never letting me have the chance to recycle. 

I just over all feel like a piece of garbage myself for making so much garbage and I can't fully blame the corporations (as much as I wish to cannibalize the leaders of) because it is US who are keeping them in business and thinking they're welcome to stay and make shit like Burger King's unhappy meals which gets nothing more than a meme then you buy their extra diabetic cholesterol supreme Cheeto burger - and I would too because when mom asks me what I want for dinner she refuses to hear me out when I beg for us to eat a vegetable because she's the mom and I can't boss her around like that. "These are my kids and if I want to feed them this I can."

The world is falling apart environmentally, partially because of our reluctance to no longer depend on offending business, and I'm just going to sit here strangling myself with my phone charger until I pass out and get some freedom until my mom tells me I have to take out the trash for the third time this week because of how much waste our groceries produce but I don't want to because my stomach hurts. And I don't even know if I have the right to complain. I'm in this too. 

The world is just better off without me, probably better off without a lot of people, but murd