Dealing with suicidal tendenciesThe title isn't quite fitting I'm sorry. Hopefully this description will bod more light.

For years I (F20) have been suffering with depression and an eating disorder. My poor relationship with my family, and their toxic dynamic, as well as external stress from unfullfilling excessive work hours as a waitress and a uni course I don't enjoy have had their toll on my wellbeing. 

I am also in a relationship, which is private and I feel terribly guilty about. We aren't public because our families would react terribly and this is our decision. I wasn't the pursuer of this relationship, but im grateful for this opportunity. This relationship is worthwhile and is the only thing really keeping me going, despite my onset suicidal tendencies. We work together at the same family- run place.

I have been incredibly stressed and this has had a massive impact on me mentally and physically. I feel like a shell of who I used to be. In the past few months these tendencies have almost gotten unbearable and I can't stop fantasising about killing myself. I see little to no purpose in my life, despite previously being so enthusiastic about traveling for instance. This is no longer possible due to financial constraints. 

Controlling what I eat has been the only thing I have felt I have had control over, until I was diagnosed with IBS and anemia. 

An extended family member of my partner has just committed suicide and this has had a terrible impact upon his (M25) family. Long story short his ex (mother of his 3 year old child) is trying to exclude his family from the funeral and raise money without them. This is absolutely devastating for them.

I want to get better I really do. I know the impact suicide can have upon a family. My uncle, who suffered with paranoid schizophrenia, committed suicide when I was 6 years old.

I don't live with my parents. I have moved out, as they are moving away. My mum nearly died due to sepsis around my 20th birthday and this has added immensely to my stress and you could say quarter life crisis if you will.

How do I deal with these tendencies healthily?