Why can't you fucking people understand that nothing matters more than me not killing myself?Nothing. Not money. Not friends. Not school. Not work. Not my messy room. Nothing fucking makes a fucking difference if I'm dead. Fucking nothing. So why can't you just support me for 2 fucking months until I'm out of your lives. I didn't ask to be disabled. I didn't ask to be fired from my last job for being too disabled to work. I didn't fucking ask to be born into this misery. I have enough reason to kill myself with just the chronic pain alone. I've been to therapy for fucking years. I've been on more meds than any of this family combined. I don't scream or raise my voice. You do. You fucking people just screamed at me and said i was just like our bipolar asshole father. While you're the ones screaming and saying how much you want to beat the shit out of me. I don't fucking care about you people. If I kill myself I care that my friends will be broken, I don't give a flying fuck about you fucking people. I don't have money. I don't have anywhere to go. I'm so much pain I don't even want to stand up, but you fucking people have the nerve to say I'm lazy. And that I chose not to work, and that's why I was fired. And it makes me want to fucking kill myself.  If you really gave a shit about me you would stop being so shitty. Your tough love isn't fucking working. So fuck the hell off and get out of my life. If I had any money or ability to work I'd be gone yesterday. You offered to pay for my apartment but changed your mind. You are driving me to suicide. My life will be fine in 2 years and that's all that matters. I don't care if blaming the world, I can't sit here and take responsibility when I'm this close to stabbing myself in the throat. Just fucking support your fucking son. I asked you nicely to just stop saying things which made me want to kill myself. You don't tell someone who wants to die "how are you going to live a life?", " You call this a life?", "Who is going to want to deal with you? How are you going to support yourself?". My brain responds to all of those statements with "well just fucking kill yourself already". You know this. I say it every fucking day. I don't want to speak to you ever again. I don't want to leave this fucking room. I don't want to wake up. And you fucking hold it against me. Like I'm a fucking asshole for trying to avoid things which make me suicidal. I hear your fucking voice in my head all fucking day for days after we speak. I finally get away from you and it goes away, and you have to bring it all back within a 5 minute phone call. "How about you go write another song about suicide?" You said, and I just wanted you to admit that was a shitty thing to say. But you couldn't, you kicked me out of your room and screamed. You think my suicidal ideation is a scare tactic. You think I'm not serious. How many times do I have to try to kill myself for you to take me seriously? Why can't you just affect your fucking behaviors. I've trained myself to not react when you attack my character. I've trained myself to not react when you tell me everything I pride myself on is worthless. That my music is bad, that my relationships are unhealthy, that the people who keep me sane aren't real. That my internet friends aren't real. Dear fucking god I hate you people. If I somehow make it past 25 without ending my life you better fucking believe you'll never speak to me. You can't go two sentences without being a judgmental piece of shit. You have the nerve to call me bipolar and say that I have an anger problem while you're spitting and screaming at me and telling me how much you want to beat the shit out of me. You think that's healthy? You think you're better than our father when you resort to violence? It took all you fucking had not to kick me didn't it? But you had to kick something, so you kicked the chair I was sitting in. Get your fucking house in order before you blame all your fucking shit on me. You're the junkie, not me. You use people for drugs and then act shocked when they call you on it. You're so fucking desperate that you asked me if an eBay listing for neurophin was legit when it very clearly wasn't. You're fucking blind. You're all blind. She has a problem. She isn't a pain patient. She's a fucking junkie. A selfish fucking vindictive bitch of a godamned junkie. She stole almost a hundred pills. Manipulated is a better word. You coached me on what to say to doctors. You lied to me. You nearly got me hooked on fucking painkillers just so you could get your fix. AND YOU WERE GETTING SCRIPTS. I THOUGJT YOU WERE FUCKING HELPLESS. I WOULD EVER HAVE GIVEN YOU PILL 1 IF I KNEW YOU GOT 3 SCRIPTS IN THE TWO FUCKING MONTUS I WAS FUNNELIMG 1/3 OF MY FUCKING SCRIPTS TO YOU FOR 3. FUCKING. MONTHS. I hate you and I don't fucking care if you overdose anymore. You made two trips to Ireland jus to hit up pharmacies and bring back boxes of apap filled codeine. And you made your fucking son be your drug mule when he studied abroad and do the same. 17 uckimg pharmacies each time. You refused to get rid of the fucking pills you manipulated and stole from me. You couldn't just destroy them. Apparently they are in a safety deposit box but fucking bullshit. You're full of shit. I want to call your doctor and blacklist you. I want to watch you go into withdrawals. I want you to fucking show your cards I know you're a fucking wreck. Dear god you people are fucking awful why. Why is it that the only people I have left are fucking shitty. You fucking pieces of shit can't just let me alone for 2 fucking months when the alternative is fucking death. The only reason I don't follow through is because I know you're the reason this is so dire. You're the reason I want to die. Let my life me a fucking wreck. Who fucking cares you judgemental pieces of shit. WHY DOES ANYTHING FUCKING MATTER MORE THAN ME BEING ALIVE. I'M NOT ABUSING DRUGS OR HURTING PEOPLE. WHY DOES IT DUCKINF MATER THAT I SPEND ALL DAY IN BED IF THE ALTERNATIVE IS FUCKIMG KILLING MYSELF. You people have broken me. Convinced me I've done everything wrong. Convinced me it's all my fault. That I'm just angsty. That I'm not disabled. How fucking blind are you. I have a fucking spinal injury. I'm in miserable pain. They gave me painkillers and not you miss "I was in a car accident 50 years ago so I deserve to be fucked up 24/7 and use my kids for drugs. And drink on their pills. And guzzle a bottle of muscle relaxants which are mine in less than a month." I fucking hate all of you and if you think you are the reason I'm still here, even a contributing factor, you're fucking stupid. You think I'd kill myself to spite you. I don't fucking care about you. It took all I had not to stab myself in the fucking throat after you people forced me to talk to you so you could blame everything on me. Fuck you for that. Fuck you for everything. Congrats on raising us without a father, you did a fucking shitty job. You were passed out all fucking day and it's blatantly obvious it was pills and booze. You don't drive. You never drove. When you do drive you drive with my pills and tons of weed on you which you smoke in the fucking car with us. You're a selfish piece of shit and I hate you. Where the fuck am I supposed to go. What the fuck am I supposed to do. I took 50mg of benadryl to hopefully sleep through this day and not do anything stupid. Fuck.