Too lonely for too long want to dieProbably the wrong subreddit but at this point, what difference does it make. 

This is the face of giving up. 

I'm almost 40. I'm a woman. I've been fat, I've been skinny, I've been fit, I'm fat again because skinny and fit didn't work so what's the point. I'm smart. I've been told by others that I'm fun. I'm into interesting stuff, mostly cars and stuff. I'm a veteran. I'm still single, lonely, and I'm giving up. 

I've been dealing with depression (again) for two years now. Medication doesn't help. Doctors dont' seem to give a shit. I moved back home thinking that would help. It didn't. 

I feel unwanted. Ugly. Unable to be loved and easily forgotten about. I do not know what it's like to be loved by anyone not related to me. I'm sorry but that's too long in life to go on feeling this way. 

My biggest fear if that suicide wouldn't work and then I'd end up messed up worse than nature has made me and unable to finally end it. If my car blew up with me in it, I wouldn't care. I've tried slicing my wrists and chickened out. I've thought about just steering my car into a wall but I'm sure I'd somehow survive that. I'm sure swallowing pills would just make me puke and then pass out. I'm utterly convinced that even an attempt at suicide would equate to as much a failure as the rest of my life has been. 

No one loves me who isn't blood related to me. I've been married before but haven't even been proposed to. I have no kids. I can't have kids now courtesy of bad genes and no reproductive organs that work as they should. To top it off, now I'm missing half of them courtesy of endometriosis. I'm miserable. It won't stop. I've been this way for almost 30 years. What's the point. 

I'm saying this here because I just want these feelings to end. I can't handle this anymore. I used to be full of hope. Now I'm just full of dread. Tonight will be a night full of alcohol and whatever I can find. I'm sure ,though, I'll still be around tomorrow. 