A cry for helpI couldn’t use my throwaway account so I’m risking posting this on main. I’m a 16 year old male and I’ve been alone and sad for a long time, but I met a girl who made me realize it didn’t have to be that way. I’ve loved her unconditionally and with all of my heart for 2 years. She made me want to be better, she encouraged me to try and break away from my parents, who treat me horribly and take advantage of me constantly.

Last Wednesday she broke up with me. I don’t even know why. She said she “wasn’t ready for a relationship.” but deep down I think she just wanted me gone. It broke my heart in a way I really didn’t know was possible, because I could’ve looked at my life situation through rose colored glasses because of her, because of that source of positivity. But now that she’s gone there’s nothing left but a broken family and a cruel, cold life. I handled it okay for a few days, until last Saturday. We don’t have a lot of medicine, so I just took about 25 doses of Benadryl, I didn’t think it was enough but I figured it was worth the try. I texted a few people goodbye, and I tried to sleep. I slept 18 hours and woke up the next day feeling like shit.

Every time I go to sleep I wake up at 4 am feeling extremity sick. Whether I fall asleep at 9 pm or 1 am, I always wake up at exactly 4 am. My stomach hurts so badly every time, today I tried overdosing again. I took about 20 extra strength Tylenol, but I did my research and I was told that would be enough to kill me. I only feel sicker and I’m not dying. I just want it to stop now. But what can I so, take Tylenol?  All of my friends abandoned me when I got depressed, including Kaylee. I eventually broke and contacted a suicide hotline, hoping to just talk to someone for awhile. Instead, they contacted my local police office and now they’ll be coming soon to do a wellness check, I don’t know when, they haven’t arrived and it’s been a few days, but they called my phone a few times. when my mom finds out I overdosed it’s all going to be over. I’ve been eating once a day since my overdose last week, I’m just so scared for my future.  

I get that it stupid doing all of this for a girl, but she really are me think positively and gave me hope, I was happy. I held on for her for so long but now I just want to let go. What do I do? How do I get her back? Do we have a chance? 

What do I do? How can I be happy? Is there a way out of this mess? I just want it to stop now. I want things to go back to normal.