My note. 

To my family: I am so sorry for the grief and guilt I’m leaving you with.  I know every single person in this family is going to feel guilty, because of me, and I hate that so much.  This isn’t your fault.  I wish I could take that away, you don’t deserve it.  I pushed you all away.  I couldn’t say goodbye, because I’ve made up my mind, and I don’t want to risk you feeling any worse, in case you’re not ready to forgive me.  I know you would, especially if you knew what was coming, but I’m leaving regardless.

Please have a group hug for me, because I would have really loved to hug you all one last time.  I’m so sorry I didn’t say goodbye, but this will have to do.

My motive is pretty self evident, but if you need me to clarify: my entire life slipped away.  The loss of \[ex-wife\], onset mental illness, and severe depression.  There is no hope for me now, I’ve lost too much.  My entire world is razed.  I have no purpose, and nothing I’m looking forward to.  I’ve lost all passion and will to live.  I can’t go on, and I don’t want to.  I don’t want what’s left, and I don’t want to rebuild.  I’m not interested in the unknown opportunities, the past is going to haunt me always.  Please try to appreciate every moment and every thing, because it will all end at some point in time.

I want you to remember the happy memories we’ve shared, and not any sad ones.  It’s okay to remember the happy times with \[ex-wife\] too.  She was so great, and good to me.  But I gave too much of my life to her, I trusted her forever, and I didn’t realize what I had until she was gone - my biggest regret.  I tried to convince myself I didn’t love her, but I did, so much, and I still do.  I’m sorry I lost her to you as well.  And I’m sorry for any embarrassment you feel as a result of this.

I’m sorry about the loose ends, but at least I was able to leave you some money.  Trust me, I know you would still want me here instead, but I’m happy I can leave you with something.  Please have 15% go to Mom and Dad, and 42.5% each to \[brothers\].  I just decided to split it this way based on need.  I love you all equally, truly.  More than you know.  I’m sorry I didn’t say and show it more.  Any related expenses to come off the top.  I hope this makes your lives a little easier in time.  I don’t know how much it will be, but don’t feel guilty to do whatever you want with it.  I wanted you to have this, and I want you to enjoy your lives.

My passing was peaceful and painless.  I drank pentobarbital.  I didn’t do it because it was easy.  I did it because my life is too hard, my reality too harsh, my future too grim, and my past too good.  Please have me cremated, and I do not want my ashes in an urn or my name engraved anywhere.  Sprinkle some in an herb plant if you wish, like \[aunt\].  Feel free to have a celebration of life at home with the extended family when you are okay to do so.  I know it’s going to be sad, but I hope there are laughs and love too.

I love you all, I’m sorry that I let you down.  I did this for me, I’m not staying here for anyone else.  Please don’t think of me as selfish, I just know my life is over.  You couldn’t have saved me, I did this to myself, and I’m going on my terms now.  I feel terrible about the pain I’m leaving you with, but I don’t want to suffer anymore.  Every single day has been a struggle.  I’m sorry for making your lives harder, I really hate that part because I love you all so much.  And you’re allowed to feel whatever emotions you want towards me, even anger.  I understand.  But know I’ve already accepted your eventual forgiveness into my heart.  I hope this can bring you all closer.  Life is short, and I don’t want you to spend more time than you have to dwelling in sadness.  I want you to be strong for each other.  One of us had to die first, I’m sorry it was me.

Please know I’m at peace with my end.  If there is an afterlife, I’ll be seeing you in time.  I hope there is, but I’m okay if there isn’t too.  I’ve had my fun here, now it’s time for me to go.

Love,

R