No Light in the Distance (Dramatic, I know.)I never thought that I would find myself in this position, and yet, here I am.  I've been crying alone, unable to sleep on most nights recently.  This is the culmination of a decade of hardships - and I am aware that others have faced worse fates, being a healthcare provider - which have resulted in my loss of faith in life in general, but especially in the good will of others.

I had a wonderful childhood in which I was raised to be good to strangers...  I grew up in a rural community on a gravel road named after my great great grandfather upon which only my family and their close friends lived and had the privilege of the examples set by my great grandparents, parents, great aunts and uncles, etc...  A large extended family who met every Sunday for dinner together and many other times during the week, often simply to sit on the porch and listen to the wisdom and tales of my great grandparents.  I had the wonderful example of nearly everyone in my family having fulfilling, loyal, lifelong marriages.

Unfortunately, in my teenage through my early adult years, the reality of mortality reared its head to take the lives of some of the most important people in my life...  My dad's mother followed by my own mother, both from breast cancer at early ages.  My mother's death was particularly painful, as she was exploited by the pseudoscientific naturopathic medicine industry in Mexico as she sought to avoid the death my grandmother had faced by buying into concepts of false miracle cures, my parents losing their entire retirement savings in the process...  When she finally sought actual medical treatment in the end, when the cancer had metastasized to her brain and caused her to literally become insane, someone finally took a sample of her tumor and determined it was of the most curable variant, literally 100% curable when treated conventionally.  It was been so incredibly painful to watch my father endure these hardships as well as my older brother and younger sister - Everyone's lives began falling apart.  Two of my close friends died during this time - one of whom was a childhood best friend - one from drunk driving after returning from war with PTSD after he ran over an IUD and the other from, ironically, falling from a roof he was repairing at a gravestone manufacturing plant and breaking his neck on an incomplete tombstone (I can't make this shit up, guys).

I felt compelled to "do something" about these things and so I opted for a career in medicine, while raising my little sister through high school while my father continued to work shift work to pay off medical expenses from my mother and fell into a downward spiral.  I was supported by my girlfriend with whom I was deeply in love and would eventually marry.  We had a wonderful relationship and marriage which was often complimented by our friends and family for its obvious richness.

Fast forward many years...  I am now in medical school.  The strain of moving away from our support systems and the time I had to dedicate to my education left my wife feeling that things weren't optimal in our marriage.  The city I live in is sustained by a water pumping system which the city failed to maintain and we lost both of our vehicles as a result in addition to our entire home flooding, something the city will never compensate us for.  We lost two more vehicles in the year following, as well, in the only two accidents or traffic violations we had ever received.

As I remained buried in the obligations of medical school and in depression from our misfortune, my wife began to spend some time with a male friend she made on a kickball team she joined...  You can gather, I think, how that ended.  Her infidelity was soul crushing.  I truly trusted her and I never thought that this would happen...  I finally hit a stopping point and had to take a break from medical school and so I requested the year off, which was granted to me.  I was already an unconventional, older student, and now my life had to be put on delay for yet another year because I could not bear the cumulative pain of my life.  I had finally hit a breaking point.  My wife and I decided on a brief period of staying apart from each other for two months to seek individual counseling and avoid fighting continuously about her infidelity so that we could return afterwards and seek marriage therapy as well and determine what our next steps should be.  We agreed to not see anyone, of course, during this time.  I returned home after the two months and, finding odd suspicions in her behavior, eventually discovered that she had gone on to begin having regular sex with a different man (both affair partners were in their mid forties - we are both 29) during our time apart.  She consistently lied about this the entire time, just as she had, of course, lied about the first affair.

I don't know what to do anymore.  I can't care about anything.  My work as a hospice and oncology nurse as well as dissecting a human body down to the bone in medical school after all of the death of loved ones I experienced at an early age has taught me how meaningless being alive is and how quickly and unexpectedly it can be taken away.  The callous behavior of the naturopaths who killed my mother and razed my parents' savings - innocent folks from a rural area who knew no better - and the infidelity of my wife (as well as other general life experiences) have elucidated to me the fickle loyalty and selfish cruelty of humans, no matter how close or trusted they may be.  I turned to alcohol and heroin a few months ago after the first affair...  I found out about my wife's second affair a week ago.  I have no hope left.  I feel very close to suicide - I have several plans which my innate fear of death has prevented me from seeking out, though I believe I may finally be reaching the point that I -should- act on it.  I could go buy heroin tomorrow (and if I had some right now, I would probably not feel suicidal, temporarily) to numb and delay the pain, but nothing can undo the pain I now face, the culmination of all of these years.  My life, already a difficult journey through my twenties when I should have been having more fun, has been turned upside down and I feel utterly and completely hopeless.  I don't even want to finish medical school anymore - Why should I work my ass off for 80 hours a week to save such evil creatures?  I feel as if all that I have left is lamentation until I die and that life is a meaningless passage which can be taken away at any moment, anyhow.  My only hesitation is the pain that would be wrought upon my poor father, brother, and sister, who have already faced so much loss.  I never thought that I would feel so resolved of not caring about remaining alive.

Anyway, I suppose it was therapeutic for me to write these things out for the first time.  Thank you to anyone who reads...