feels like everything is falling apart...i don't really feel suicidal now but I have in the past and I feel like I can prevent it this time by saying it out loud. 

it feels like my life is falling apart. I've lost almost all of my friends who i thought were close to me. so few of my friends actually talk to me, but seem to just forget about me when i'm out of sight. I feel so lonely when I see them all doing stuff together and not including me. one of my old floor mates from last year actually said that he only remembered me as "Eric's roommate" (Eric was my old roommate who was my best friend, the best roommate anyone could ask for) and that really cut me hard. My friends at home are all messed up too; my ex won't talk to me anymore; my best friend since we were 10 is now a raving pussy who can't stop whining about his gf; no one returns my texts anymore to do stuff on break, it just blows. 

this past fall I busted my ass so hard to get better grades (I slacked off last year a bit), but no matter how I worked I kept getting subpar grades. I'm really fucking smart but no matter what I do I never get good exam grades and it fucks up my semester averages. every effort never was enough, and no matter how hard I was working, the next day it didn't matter and I blew it by not seeing obvious that I would see as soon as it was handed back to me the next class. I would even be helping my classmates understand material, and then I get that same material wrong on the exam, it fucking kills me. I'm not failing out but I'm not doing as well as I could be, and that's what is getting to me more than anything. 

I don't even know if I'll be going back in the spring because I'm tired of wasting my money and my parents money to get subpar, I'm an A student no doubt. Last year I almost drank myself to death and promised to not do that this year, and I didn't. My social life went on hold so I could improve my grades, but that just seems to have done nothing except lose my status in the social world (I was really big, always invited to parties and loved by everyone I saw) Other relationships just end up with me being put in the friend zone because I'm not a douchebag hockey or lacrosse player (and I'm not unattractive either, quite good looking as I've been told several times). All the girls I get close to end up just telling me that I'm more like a brother and we are just friends.  

It just seems like it's not worth it anymore, I feel like I've let everyone down and just don't want to keeping fighting it anymore. I don't want to give up, but I want to find what works for me, because I don't think this is anymore. I might just be too hard on myself because I want to do better but it feels like no matter what I do I don't get anywhere.  

Hopefully I feel better after I finish this and read it later. 

tl;dr I'm spinning my wheels on and not getting anywhere. 