Just want to get this off my chestTW: suicide, self harm

This pain is too much for my weak shoulders to bear. It’s been 7 years of depressed hell, and I don’t remember what it feels like to be happy. 
I used to want to get better, but I no longer do. I want peace, not happiness. I want rest. I’m weak and my bones are brittle. There’s nothing for me to offer this world, only things for me to ruin. I can’t remember not wanting to be dead. I can’t remember liking myself. I can’t remember liking my body. I can’t remember being able to look in a mirror without falling apart. I can’t remember being able to get dressed easily. I can’t remember I can’t remember I can’t remember. All I remember is sadness. Hatred. Shame. Fuck, so much shame. 


I do everything I can to draw attention away from me. Even if I wanted to, I can’t look people in the eye anymore. I am so ashamed of my appearance. I feel dirty, like a piece of garbage waiting to be kicked around. I walk through campus with my head down, trying my best to hide myself. I wear the same clothes each day: loose black joggers and an oversized black sweatshirt. I try to be invisible, yet I still feel like everybody whom I pass is criticizing me. 

My favorite moments of the day are when it’s quiet. When nobody is speaking to me. When I don’t have to smile and be friendly to the people I sit next to in class/my professors/the staff who work in the dining halls. Interacting with people is utterly draining. Interacting with others means I’m visible, audible. I hate the way my voice sounds, I hate the way my teeth look, I hate the way my body looks, I hate the way my mouth looks, I hate the way my nose looks, I hate the way my hair looks, I hate the way my ears look, I hate the way my chin looks, I hate the way my eyes look. I can’t manage simple pleasantries. They’re so draining. I just want quiet. I want isolation. I want rest. And death will give me that. Death is an warm embrace for a weak girl like me. 

But yet, I likely won’t be able to kill myself. The first time I tried, I wasn’t successful. Don’t get me wrong, there’s nothing I want more than peace, but I know that my suicide would negatively impact my family members, most of whom I love. And I hate the thought that anything I do harms anybody/anything else. Fuck, I hate that I’ve ever hurt anybody. Oh the shame I carry. My constant companion. 

So then I’ll just go through life, tired and restless, I guess. Continuing to cut my wrists. Continuing to hate myself. Continuing to isolate myself from everybody. Continuing to flake. Continuing to struggle to get dressed. Continuing to be sad. Continuing to despise myself. Continuing to despise my body. Continuing to be ashamed. Continuing to be a bad person. 

Oh how I wish that I something or someone would end my life. I’m tired of wasting air. 

Please, nobody respond to this. I’m not looking for advice. I’m looking to vent so that I can go to sleep. I’m constantly thinking about how much I hate myself, which makes it hard to fall asleep sometimes. I hope that this post gets lost in Reddit’s algorithm 

Lastly: if anybody is somehow reading this, I hope that you find all the happiness that you deserve. Because you all truly do deserve happiness. I hope you are able to receive and give love. Because you matter. You matter, your pain matters, and your healing matters. Wishing you all the best.