I feel like I’ve reached an end of somethingThis probably won’t make but sense but I’m posting it anyway. 

I don’t want to be here anymore. It’s too much. Every day I fight a losing battle against myself. Every. Single. Day. I’m tired. 

What’s here for me? Honestly, people watch me struggle to fight my way out of a deep hole of self-pity in silence. Instead of at the very least, leaving me alone to find my way out of the darkness, they bury me further. Throwing their own dirt and baggage on top of my own, suffocating me in the darkness I so desperately want out of. It’s only when I finally run out of air and stop fighting that they decide to “care”. That’s how I know they don’t. It’s not for me. It’s to satisfy their own egos so they can feel like they “saved me”.

I mean honestly, what more is there to look forward to? Everyone always says “it gets better” or “you have so much to look forward to”? Like what? Seriously, WHAT?! I’ve lived 23 years cycling through “it gets better” and “i can’t do this anymore”. At this point, what I look forward to is the hole I’ve grown to call my home. The darkness is where I feel safe. It’s familiar. It’s better than the anxiety of my ups, just wondering when it will all come crashing back down. No matter how much I know it’s coming, I never seem to be prepared when it does. The fall never hurts any less.

So here, I am laying alone on my couch at midnight trying to find a reason to fight through another year, knowing if I do, I’ll inevitably end up here again. At this point, I’m a burden to everyone around me. A liability. I’m exhausted just thinking about faking happy tomorrow to make everyone else feel more comfortable, pretending we don’t all know i’m crumbling inside.

I am broken. Unfixable. I just want it all to be over but i can’t find a way to do that without destroying everyone around me and not being here to put them back together. I don’t want to be the reason anyone feels the way i’ve felt. I don’t want to spread my pain but i also NEED to be free of it.