God. I am so alone. It's pathetic. I'm pathetic. Am I overreacting? Do they care? I don't know.So I know I have another post on the front page.
But I feel like a fucking idiot and so I'm making another one topic about something else.

When someone you care about says bluntly they're suicidal, what should be done?

So I'm feeling suicidal.

Basically I know if I had the resources, and a chance not to fail, I would. I can easily get pills, it's just the failing part that holds me back honestly.

I never like admitting these things out loud.

So I started posting my feelings on my blog (tumblr).

I began to wonder if my friends noticed at all.

I secretly wish they did and they would reach out to me.

Honestly, the group I'm in isn't the most tight knit.

We have had our fair share of teen drama (in college).

But it's not like they don't care. I think. I don't know.

They know my history with depression. My self-harm, past attempts, etc. They tell me to talk to them when I feel bad.

So finally today my blog gets noticed.

Soon the texts come in.

My closest friend said says, "Yeah I noticed." So she had noticed the posts.
But she didn't say anything until just then.

And it hurt.

And another texts me saying, "I'm sorry your week has been so bad."
"Oh, I've been feeling this way for a month."
No more replies.

Another tells me she's worried about me and she loves me. No more replies.

So hours later, I sit here, still feeling the same, everyone posting on their blogs continuing on with life.

No, I'm not saying, "YO. EVERYONE. STOP WHAT YOU'RE DOING AND TEND TO YOUR SUICIDAL FRIEND."

Because I'm fucked up. I know I am.

But I was hoping for me more...comfort?

It's like everyone pats my shoulder and walks away.

"I'm sorry." -patpat-

So then things happen like I end up in the mental hospital, and they ask me to talk with them and not hide when things get bad.

Then in the end I feel like they kind of...tip toe around it.

I dunno.

But when this happens this just makes me want to kill myself even more.

"You want to go get some ice cream? Watch a movie? Just talk about anything?"

"I'm sorry. -patpat-" -posts on their personal blog several minutes later-

I have no one to help me and it fucking sucks.



