It's overI am tired of living. My life has been shit since I was a child losing my parents when I was 5 then living with family who kept me in the crawl space and beat me daily. After 18 I was away from them and things seemed to be getting better but the depression was always there and still nightmares of the past. Everyone on the outside had no clue what I been through or that I was down. I faked being happy almost my whole life. Now I'm 27 and tired of it. Always was living paycheck to paycheck until I was about 24 and started making good money and had over 30k in the bank which was satisfying to me and in the best spot of my life. But then life happened again and with no family I was staying in hotels for nearly half a year straight the past year and blew through all my savings. Back to being as broke as I was before all the depression just came back and hit me hard. I feel lifeless like nothing in my life matters. I have to pay 700 in rent at the end of the month and have no way to pay it. Told my roommate I would pay 500 but have no way of even doing that. Basically a situating where I will be out on the street and I feel the sense of urgency beating on me strong.  I literally have no family or friends to help me. The thing is I helped people a lot when I had money and was doing good and those so called friends disappeared when the money was running out. Last friend I thought I had a few weeks ago blocked me and disappeared after helping with 500 he needed. I only had 1000 to my name and thought he would pay back but nope blocked me right after that and was gone. I feel like an idiot and really don't wanna go on with this kind of stress any longer. I'm too embarrassed at this point to tell my roommate I can't come up with the money since I was already warned I would have to leave if I didn't have it, so I think I will off myself sometime before May. I know it sounds petty but the thought of failing anymore and even saying I don't have the money makes me want to die. Call me weak minded but I been through so much in my life I feel like I lived forever. Guess I just wanted someone to know my story.