After the most hellish year of my life &amp; constant suicidal ideation, I am still here. I am writing this to tell you that it *can* get better, even if you currently feel like you're the embodiment of hopelessness. (long post, I apologize, but I encourage you to read it). Thanks.This journey down to the pit of hell began last summer around June. At this time I was broke, could barely afford rent, and had to take a night-shift job at a grocery store to make ends meet. I was lost, exhausted, and didn't want to live anymore. I remember pacing in my room thinking about hanging myself just to make my problems disappear. I felt like an unrecoverable failure.

One evening on my way to work, I get a frantic call from my mom to get over to their place asap. She wouldn't explain why, which terrified me, so I sped over there. When I get to the house, there are cop cars in the driveway. I go inside and take a seat next to my mom, and one of the officers explains, verbatim, "Your brother was involved in a shooting, and he has died."

I'm not going to delve into specifics about my brother's death, but the following months were the most mind-numbing, confusing, and heart breaking months of my life. I had to listen to my dad openly grieve (more like scream). Had to console my mom because she was shattered to pieces. Had to explain all of this to my friends, which made me feel like more of a weirdo and failure. Had to live with the guilt, ie, "i could have prevented this from happening." It was the first death I'd experienced, and I didn't know how to cope.

The nature of my brother's death completely fucked me up emotionally and mentally. I had to completely disconnect from myself in order to preserve the last iota of sanity I had left. Between the self-isolation, depression, disassociation, and anger at the world, I began doing some dark, messed up things. After a while, my monsterish behavior contributed even further to my suicidal mindset. The guilt &amp; shame were literal voices in my head, and they would tell me to kill myself on a daily basis. That I didn't deserve to live.

After a few months, I was able to get a different job. I remember one day being so overwhelmed with everything that was going on simultaneously that I felt like getting up and running out the door. I had it planted in my mind that day that I *had* to kill myself. I even texted a friend abroad to tell them that I wasn't going to last the rest of this year, and that I was probably going to hang myself.

The fight/flight response was insane. It took everything in me to keep going about my daily routine without harming myself or running away to a new city. And then my car died, permanently. That was the final straw for me. I already felt backed into a corner, but now I didn't even have a means of running away if I wanted to. I damn near lost my mind. I broke down in front of my dad, and just cried openly, because I felt like this was it. I had no money, my brother was dead, and now I didn't even have a car.

It was at that point that I had to make the hardest decision of my life. I had to go get help. I didn't want to, but it was either 1. Kill myself 2. Continue living in hell or 3. Reach out to someone. So I started going to the therapist that my mom was seeing at the time. I unloaded everything, and I honestly felt bad that she had to endure what I had to say. It wasn't an immediate improvement--in fact, airing all my problems to someone actually seemed to justify suicide at times. But I continued going, and I started implementing some things to help me cope with the shitstorm I was in.

Eventually, decided I needed even more help, so I requested to be put on antidepressants. I've been on 10mg of Lexapro for about 5 months, and it has undoubtedly saved my life. Between medication and therapy, I was able to start climbing out of the depths of hell, and start moving forward with my life.

It hasn't been easy. These last few months have been the shittiest time of my 24 years of existence, but I'm still here. Like damn, I'm proud of that. I can't believe that I actually went through all of that and made it out the other end.

Of course, I still have my days. My life isn't perfect, and it's only been a year since my brother died. I'm still emotional about it, and the suicidal thoughts have crept in a few times. But overall, I'm doing alright. I might be getting a different job soon that pays a little more. I've started hanging out with friends again. I feel like the pieces are slowly falling into place.

So, that's my story. I'm not going to sit here and bullshit you by saying it 100% will get better, because I don't know your situation. But what I can say is that it absolutely *can* get better, and suicide *isn't* always the answer. My answer was getting help, and realizing that external assistance was the only way I'd get through this. I had to set aside my stigma and fear against medication. I had to put in the footwork for finding people that could help me. But it's been worth it in the end.

Even if another tragedy strikes in the near future, which it absolutely could, I know I can take it. Fuck, I've already trudged through hell itself and made it out, so I feel like I can take on anything.

Thank you for reading.