I'm a burdenI tried to kill myself in may, two weeks after I turned 15 and it's all I can think about. I want nothing more than to try again

My parents found out about my suicide attempt and they acted concerned but I know they're not

My mom tries to get me to talk to a therapist, but she quickly forgets if I'm not constantly reminding her. It feels like shes doing what she thinks she's supposed to do, not because she cares but because she thinks it will make her a good mom

I don't hate her for this, I couldnt, but I feel so unloved no matter how many times she hugs me or tells me she does love me. It's just words with no meaning behind them

I have a good life, why do I feel this way? Other people have it much worse, and all I do is complain and whine

I crave solitary confinement, I want all contact with every one I know to be cut off. I don't want to be seen or see people either 

I think if I did seclude myself from the world, it would make it easier to kill myself, then my friends and family couldn't be sad 

I don't know, living is hard. I can't tell anyone about my thoughts because it would just scare them away. My girlfriend broke up with me the day after I confided in her about my eating disorder. I'm a mistake and a creep

I fantasize about dying, and how the people around me would feel

Usually they're indifferent in my daydreams and that feels good. I don't want to be mourned I want to be forgotten

I'm selfish, and greedy, and horrible and i know my close friends loathe me. It doesn't even feel right calling them friends. It's more one sided 

They don't invite me to hang out unless I say something, and hardly initiate conversations with me, and when we do talk, it all feels meaningless, like speaking with me is just another way to pass the time 

I know I have no future, I'm wasting my parents money with food and clothes and games, meaningless garbage 

I stopped going to school when I was 13, I know I'm unintelligent. It's not even my parents fault. I was the one being selfish and throwing tantrums for having to go to school

I used my pets as an excuse to stay alive, but two of my dogs died recently and so that feels meaningless as well

I hope I can end it all soon, I'm worthless and I know I have no future 
