Not looking for helpI'm not looking for help, I don't really want to talk to anyone about this. So I'm just putting it here just to get it out of my mind.

Idk

Not doing well and all I think about is suicide, I think life is not worth living. I was close to suicide before the only thing that stopped me was someone else who knew things weren't good. For months after I wished I never said anything, I know I can do it. It'd be so easy. That was years ago. No one knows this time and I've done a good job to make sure everyone thinks I'm doing better than I have ever been. All I can think about is driving a sword into myself, I don't want to deal any other way. No jumping or hanging. I want it to be a little slow I want to watch myself bleed out. It's all I have been thinking about. And it just gets stronger and stronger. It sounds weird to stab yourself but I find it appealing.    I have some swords and I have a plan to travel somewhere far away. In the mountains (I like the mountains) or in some woods. Even going to Japan and buying a 'real katana' and then killing myself some place there.    I don't want my family and friends to think I'm missing tho but I don't want anyone to just stumble across my body. That could really effect someone. So that's my last question how do I kill myself, have my body found but only by police/people that know what to expect and not hurt a random person or family by just finding me like that. And I thought I'll just call 911 tell them everything and where I am and then do it, but what if they get to me somehow before I am dead and revive me.. I don't want to wake up and have my family crying and me still wanting to be dead. So idk I said I'd try and wait til after my mom passes away and then do it. But i can't find the strength and I think after I graduate high school (senior year right now) I'll take a trip somewhere and do this after I explore nature for a little bit. And that's where ever I decide to go.

Im not like the people that can't do it, I can. I'm not even sure what this posts purpose is.    I was going to say this on the depression sub Reddit but I know it's better here.    Social anxiety and depression for over 1/3 of my life, and I don't remember anything from when I was young. So basically I've felt like this for 1/2 or over 1/2 of my life. Although I've only been alive for almost 18 years and that isn't long it's all I know. 

I'm numb and I can't remember how it feels to be truly happy. I look in the mirror with disgust, I don't think anyone should like me. If someone said they liked me (more than friends way) I'd feel sick. I think no one should love me, I don't deserve it. Im below human in my mind. Id rather how I feel be physical pain and not mental. I have been wanting to cut again so bad. 

My life isnt even bad, middle class average loving family and some friends.      I just can't connect with people I want to go into the woods where I can not be found and live primally until I die. Even if I live past my mom I want to take my life no matter what, I want to die by my hands even if I lead a happy life.

I'm lonely and I'm trying to change, I've tried, I've been trying since I've felt this way. I was made to suffer and I wish I could put myself through it but I can't. 

Im lonely, but I like to be alone and I don't connect with people. Makes sense.. I just hate myself. Not in a horrible way I just see myself and wonder why im alive.     I'm not looking for help, I don't plan on talking to anyone about this. If you've read this far thank you.   I don't know what to say 