My parents treated me like shit my whole life and they have no ideaI feel like my parents failed me a a child and are the primary cause of why I'm now 24 years old and barely capable of functioning as an adult. I can't bring myself to tell them this. My family is probably as close to a normal family situation as you can get. There wasn't any abuse or anything so I feel bad complaining about it when I know others have had so much worse.

My whole life I've felt like I was unwanted. I am the youngest of 3 and every single time in my life growing up I got the short end of the stick. I remember when I wanted a Nintendo DS for my 11th birthday. It was within the price range I was given and my parents seemed to agree. Then my birthday came around and I was given my brother's Gameboy Advance which was so old the battery barely lasted an hour with the backlight turned off, while my brother got the Nintendo DS. This exact same situation happened a few years later when I wanted an iPod Video, and I was given my brother's ancient iPod mini and he got the brand new iPod Video.

When my sister and brother turned 16 (3 years age difference between each of us) they were loaned money from my parents to buy a car, taken to the licensing center on their birthday and given driving lessons by my parents as well as professional driving lessons. What did I get when I turned 16? I barely got a happy birthday, no mention of anything to do with driving, it's like they forgot I exist or how old I was turning. To this day, almost 9 years later I still don't have my license.

On my 19th birthday I remember waking up feeling like shit. I was stuck in a minimum wage job which I hated and was too scared to say or do anything about. I layed there and told myself if I wasn't happy by time I turned 20 I would kill myself. By time my 20th came around I wasn't happy, nothing had changed and I was still in the same job being treated like shit just as much as before. The only reason I'm still alive now is because I forgot about telling myself this until a few years later.

Throughout my early 20s I failed to function as a normal adult. Things so small such as going shopping, getting my hair cut or going to an optometrist appointment I couldn't do by myself, my mum was always with me and spoke and did everything for me, I was in my 20s and was being treated like I was 7 years old.

When I was about 23 I left my job (the same job as before but now I was a manager). I wanted to take some time off to prioritise my mental and physical health because I had been working in shitty and borderline illegal conditions being treated like shit for the last year and a half as a manager. My mum didn't even give me a chance to explain myself, she instantly started yelling at me and told me to go beg for my job back, citing that my boss was an amazing and friendly person (he wasn't) and that I was lucky to have that job. It was at that point I knew my mum didn't care about me, she had accepted that I was to spend my life working a minimum wage job because that's apparently what she wanted, and my wellbeing wasn't even a consideration for her.

These days I still live with my parents because I'm so fucking worthless as a person that I haven't done anything with my life. I came out to them as transgender in March and they say they are supportive of me, but at the same time haven't taken any steps to show they are supportive, they've never once even showed acknowledgment of my existence, always referring to me as a male. All I want to hear is them call me their daughter, but it'll probably never happen. They never ask how I'm going or demonstrate that they care about me at all, they just berate me for being unemployed and yell and talk down to me constantly. I remember about 6 months ago i got yelled at for asking how long until the dinner she was cooking was ready, because I wanted to know if I had time to shower without the food getting cold.

Now I lay here at 4am wanting nothing else but a swift and painless death so they can finally get what they apparently always wanted. I'm an empty shell of a human, my parents don't care about me and never have, I barely talk to anyone in my family and they'd all be happier with me gone.