It's starting to feel like the endI've been married for about 12 years give or take and for the last 5 my wife has been having an on and off affair with the same guy. I try to leave and move on, she keeps coming back because of the guilt. She decided to go back to him again after we both lost our jobs on the same day before thanksgiving. I was lucky enough to land two interviews and then get an offer the day before Thanksgiving, at least until today when I was told the offer was being rescinded and I had not signed anything yet. 

I have been dealing with suicidal thoughts for a number of years, aside from the lack of funds and dealing with my personal issues. I am also a full-time student working towards my degree and I have a few years left before I earn it. I have lost motivation but still continue to study and complete assignments. I live in an area where the job market is not so great, and that could be due to the holidays but I am not sure. I made a plan and wrote my notes and tried to even talk myself out of it but I think I am getting closer to finally ending it all. I have a son who is about to be 18 and pretty much focusing on his own future, he even moved back to his mom's to finish his final year of school. 

My mother keeps telling me I'm a fighter and a survivor and I can get through anything, but I just don't have any more fight in me at 37 years old (yeah it's young). I spent my life working and taking care of my wife so she could get her degree and when she did she left me a few days later. She came back for a few months then left again because her mom got cancer but she had other motives to be with that guy but claims she keeps wanting to end it because that side relationship is not healthy. My previous job became toxic because a group of employees did not like the IT guy (me). They accused me of having an affair, playing favorites and making the work environment hostile. The primary person who reported me was someone I had not worked with, in at least a month or longer. She had made comments and asking me if she was "still my favorite"  prior to that which was never reciprocated other than smiling and going on with my day. An entire department turned against me and it scared me because they were making wild claims which were false, I even started looking for work immediately on the grounds that this was borderline sexual misconduct and I was pursuing a career in cybersecurity and it could affect my future. 

Things like that made me feel like secret clearance and other jobs that required a trustworthy employee was going to be out of my grasp. I panicked after another complaint came in from the same department, saying I texted someone outside of work and called them "beautiful" and got mad when it was not reciprocated. It was an office full of women in a healthcare environment and it felt like management and everyone was suddenly buying into it. To the point where the COO told me "If you feel you need to go, no one is making you stay here" she said that out of the blue during the investigation. I only spoke to about 4-5 people outside of work and even got legal advice but there was not much that could be done without more evidence or proof that I was being slandered.  I completely cut ties with everyone there because it felt like a very toxic and untrustworthy environment. In doing so it just made matters worse and I was let go for "Not being a cultural fit". It's difficult to understand where things went wrong, or if this was my fault in some way. I keep telling myself it's not and there was nothing I needed to apologize for. Every day that passes and I get no calls from anyone for interviews etc just makes me feel like I am being given a sign to give up. I have very little money, unemployment won't keep a roof over my head for long, my wife left and is not coming back to help me, I have very little family and they are struggling themselves. I have no idea how to cope with so much and the last few jobs were toxic like this was, maybe it is a sign I dunno.