I need some advice.Hi Reddit,   
  

I am considering suicide because I cannot see an alternative solution and I view it as ‘flipping a reset switch’. I don’t believe in Heaven. Never have, despite my Catholic upbringing. I’ve always believed in reincarnation, and I don’t care for anyone attempting to ‘correct’ my beliefs. If it works, then it works. If it doesn’t, then I guess I have to accept the nothingness or the consequences.

I've decided to post using an alternate account as I have a close friend who knows my reddit username and I don't feel I can talk to her about this. If I end up killing myself, I will not leave any kind of note. That being said.. although I am considering suicide I \*am\* looking for alternative solutions. I honestly don't know what to do and I currently have NO ONE to talk to about it. I feel like.. if I could use a friend as a sounding board then maybe I could work it out but unfortunately, for personal reasons, none of my friends are available. 

Admittedly, I've always been the sort of person to find excuses not to talk to my support network: 'She's just gotten married, so she's preoccupied. He's just broken up with his girlfriend, so he's too upset.' etc. When I have reached out, this has been confirmed, so I can’t face the hurt anymore. It’s not deliberate, I just worry more about their feelings than admitting that I’m struggling. But I figure, this is a throwaway account. If this ends up being the last thing I write, then I need to be honest. I \*have\* tried to talk to the people that I can. Really, I have. I asked my newly-wedded and freshly honey-mooned friend for a serious, in-person chat at a later time and she made it clear that she was too busy to talk to me. I asked my mother for advice and she essentially told me to 'lie back and think of England'.

 I’ve attempted suicide twice previously; once through cutting my wrists and once with an overdose – neither worked out. Both times resulted in a hospital visit and I’d rather not waste their resources. If I go ahead, I want this to be final. This time, I plan to hang myself. There is nowhere in my house which will carry my weight, so I plan to find somewhere away from my house (possibly woodland) which will. If this fails, I intend to drive to my favourite spot in the country down south, where I can guarantee that the drop from the cliff will kill me.   
 

As I said, the reason for my planning is because I cannot see any other solution. I’ve been with my current – and only – partner for 13 years. He’s been with me through mental health problems, a rape and sexual assault by two different trusted ‘friends’. Lately, I feel like our relationship is coming to a close and I’m really struggling with it – I think this is the main problem. He’s not one for conversation, he won’t talk about his feelings – no matter how desperate the situation is - so talking to him is out of the question. He appears no longer interested in me sexually, unless I initiate, and even then it’s hit or miss. Finally, I’m out of work as I’m trying to find a new job. I’m currently looking for a new one, taking care of bills/paperwork and cleaning the house. He, meanwhile, is too lazy/tired to even put something in a bin. I’m at the end of my rope. I can’t talk to him anymore. He’s made it quite clear that he either doesn’t care or can’t be bothered. Honestly, it feels more like a relationship of convenience than anything else.  
 

And that is where I am presently. I don’t want to die, necessarily, but I need a solution. I know that there is no quick fix, I accept that. Do I kill myself and (hopefully/idealistically) start again? Do I end my \*very\* long term relationship and fuck myself over financially, possibly screwing over my boyfriend and my mother financially also? I have some money in my account and some money in our shared account to keep him for a couple of years, if I end my life. My mother has accepted to care for my dog if anything happens to me – if he refuses, although I doubt he will.   
 

Part of me wonders if it is better if I should just disappear somehow – with no ID or indication or where I have gone. But then, I worry that will also fuck them over. I have no idea what to do anymore.   
 

If this is the last thing I type, then so be it. Thank you Reddit. Regardless of my circumstances, you’ve never failed to make me smile. Especially, r/casualUK, r/creepyasterixs and r/criticalrole. 

Have a good night, everyone.