Depression and life events are crushing me -- can't find an easier way outI've been with my husband for three and a half years. Recently some indiscretions were uncovered that broke not only my trust in him forever but my spirit as well. I've been teetering back and forth on the idea of divorce, but both options are awful. 

On the one hand, I stay with him and risk things never changing. I'll go back to my boring life in my boring town. Our marriage might get better, but certain things will never change.

On the other, I get divorced and risk losing someone great. I fear that my depression over what happened is clouding my judgment of him and he's not as terrible as I see him right now. What if I give all that up and regret it later?

Part of me still loves him -- well, loves the man I married anyway, not the man he is now -- and wants to work on it in couple's therapy. But the other part of me desperately wants to get out. Just get out. Run, as far and as fast as I can. Live my life the way I want and find someone who makes me truly 100% happy. 

I've been battling these thoughts for three weeks. And every day, it gets harder and harder. Both options suck. Both make me nauseous. Both make me hate myself. And it's becoming too hard to make a decision. How can I? It's just too hard. 

I can't stop the suicidal thoughts anymore. They just come, without control, and drill into my consciousness. How would I do it? When? Where? Who would find me? Who would I *not* want to find me? I'm driving now.. Would it be so hard to just jerk the wheel and smash into that car? That tree? That building? Would it kill me? Maybe a gun would be better. Or jumping. Because at least if I jumped, I'd have those last few moments of peace. Of weightlessness. Of freedom. For a second, everything would just be okay. 

I'm being crushed from the inside out. I can't eat. I can't think. I'm nauseous. I'm tired. I have a fever. I missed my period. I can't really talk to anyone because I can't articulate what I'm feeling. My therapist has been doing very little to help me. I'm making stupid decisions. I'm picking fights. I'm falling apart. And it would be so much easier to just... 

stop. 

I want to get through this. But I don't know how. Please help me. Someone just help me...