I know that things will get better, and I don't want to end my life, but I can't stop thinking about how convenient it would be if my life would just end. I don't know what to doI kind of feel selfish for posting this, because I know that lots of people have it much worse than me. I'm not exactly sad, but I'm not happy. Come to think of it, I don't even remember the last time I felt anything. 

I'm 22, and I know that these feelings are common for my age. I know that statistically speaking, it gets a lot better, but how long am I going to wait? I live a constant lie, and I don't know how to get support from anyone. 


I've never been in a relationship, as I'm a gay closeted man, nobody knows about it, not even my closest friends. I know that it is naive to consider ending my life over such a petty excuse, but it really really sucks, and I feel like I've bottled so many things over my life, that there are far more problems than just coming out. I have to lie about so many things, hide my true emotions and keep a shit ton of thoughts to myself. I've been doing this for so long that I now actively avoid people, because that's what I've done all my life to hide who I really am. 

A few times over the past few years, I got close to some guys. We would chat online, get to know each other more, but the more I expose myself, the more I feel like I need to cut ties and run away. It always ended in me freaking out and distancing myself from anyone who got too close. 

I look at the few friends that I have, and I know that they're not really my friends, as they would all severe ties if I ever came out. My parents would disown my and kick me out, and I would devastate my backwards arab family, because they expect so much of me. The idea of the future that I have for myself would be worse than cancer to them. 

I now live in Canada, where it is much more open and accepting, and I actually feel a lot more comfortable, but nothing really changed. I've been here for five years, and I barely made a friend or two. I still live the same lie, I still avoid people. Nothing changed at all. 

I suffer from mild social anxiety (as diagnosed by my school psychiatrist), and I find that making new friends or talking to strangers one of the most daunting tasks ever. The idea of coming out to anyone is absolutely terrifying, and I'm not even considering it. I grew up in a very homophobic middle eastern country where I was bullied and beaten by classmates and adults for being a feminine child. I've always liked playing with my sister's barbies, putting a towel on my head and pretending I have long hair, hanging out with the girls during recess, and all of those things were absolutely forbidden. I was bullied by the boys in my school for not liking sports and for not acting like them. I never really belonged to any group in school, and I isolated myself to try and avoid getting hurt. I grew up getting taught to be a man, to stop being a pussy, to hide who I really am and put on a macho facade. Now I'm 22, and I don't know how to engage with humans. I wish I could be happy like a normal person. 


I want to just disappear. To never see anyone in my life ever again. Fuck everything about living like this. 



