A good life isn't meant for everyone, some people have to suffer.......can we live with it?“Is it worth it, Laurel?” Is what worth it? Life, is it worth it? I don’t know what kind of question is that. I guess sometimes it can be and sometimes it is not, but the times its worth living make it ultimately worth living.

I don’t understand why it hurts, sometimes. One moment I’m okay and then the next I am contemplating being alive. It sucks. I doesn’t make sense that this is the life I got. It’s crazy how some people have it better than others and don’t have to go through the feelings of loneliness, not being able to connect with people, having family that is only their cause they are your family. Knowing that if you weren’t related to them, they wouldn’t care a damn about you. Having people not see you as someone that is worth it. Being used and thrown away when it’s convenient.

I’m not living a life that everyone else is living. I’ve learned that people will use you to satisfy themselves, whether it be family, friends, or significant others. I don’t even get to live to the lie of believing that some people will genuinely care about me. I know how women are, I know how friends are, I know how family is. Maybe I’ve been given shit examples or maybe I’ve been given the best ones. Cause now I know. I know that for some reason I am different, whether that be for better or worse I don’t know yet, as of know it has been for the utter worse. I’m only 17. At least that is what I say to make myself feel better. People say that their teenage years were the best years, you get to live carefree, do dumb things, you get to live! Yet, I haven’t done any of those things. I have always felt alone, always been the outcast, I haven’t got to experience life. I have just been waking up day by day hoping tomorrow will be different, but its not. I still wake up hoping that maybe today will be different, maybe my life will change today. I have been thinking that since I was in middle school and nothing has changed.

As I’ve aged it has only gotten worse. My new experiences have turned out to be tragic lessons. I went through a severe depression period the third nine weeks my junior year, for reasons I still don’t understand. Is there something wrong with me? There must be, right? Why can I not be oblivious to things, why do I always have to face the reality of the situation. I can never trick myself into feeling better about a certain situation I always realize exactly what it is that got me there, exactly the reasons for why it happened. For example, I met someone. I felt like I connected with her, we had a freakishly lot of stuff in common. I felt like, okay finally, I get to have my person to get close to romantically, then boom its was over in less than 3 months. It went to shit. A damn pandemic hit! I just lost her. Instead of me being able to oh well, its life. I fully understand why it even happened in the first place; I was used. I  was the rebound, she had her friend group trashed by her ex, she wasn’t even over him, she just wanted to forget, she just wanted to hope things would go back to what they were with him. She never wanted to like me she felt she had to like me.

Basically, went cold turkey on me. Am I not worth talking too? You don’t even care to know if I’m alive. I never could understand this, and I still don’t understand this. So, I ask a question, do you even like me? Seen, but no reply…..

What do I do? I’m hurting again. Except I know what is best for me I know to leave. Its what I’m best at. Severing the link. I say I can’t do this; I really do want someone to at least like me in a relationship. What do I get?

Text: Although we are similar. The more I got to know you, the more I knew we wouldn’t last and that’s nothing against you.

Why do I even bother? It’s not worth it. I felt terrible. Not, because I broke up with her. I felt terrible, cause is that is how she really felt? Could a girl say we are alike, but still not even like me? How does that make since? How is that even possible? So many questions and I just wanted answers. Yet, I was so insignificant I couldn’t even garner a response. None to my text. None to my phone calls. Nothing. Not even a drop in the water. Why even bother? Dodged a bullet anyway, but maybe it should have hit me. I do what I do best, I delete her number and hit the forbidden key; unfollow. That was months ago. What’s the point anyway. What is done is done. I was what I was, and I am what I am. No sense in changing it only finding better ways to cope with what I am. Who I am. Maybe, it was never meant for me to be regular, to be like everyone else. To experience what everyone else is experiencing. Friends, Family, lovers, experiences. Maybe it was never meant for me. I want to continue writing, maybe I should. I could write about how my good friend hooked up with another friend girl of mine and hasn’t talked to me since. I initiate contact every time, but its been over a month and he hasn’t even wanted to know if I’m alive. What the point? So many questions. At 17 why do I have to go through this now? Why do I work my ass off to get nothing in return? I'm in the best shape of my life, I have a source of income, couple thousand saved. I still feel in the same place, I feel worse cause I achieved, but why am I still in the same place?  Why am I choosing to live everyday only for tomorrow?