Nothing I've accomplished has a point if I don't have someone to love.This is probably narcissistic as hell, but fuck what anybody thinks. I don't see a point in living.

People love to compliment me: "You're so smart! You're so good looking! You've done so much with your life!" It's true, I guess. I've had major depression on and off since I was 13 fucking years old (and childhood depression before that but it wasn't really diagnosed). I managed to lose 80 pounds during college. From having no car, no money, no job prospects and no place to stay other than my mom's house, I got a well-paying job where I'm respected and get to do engaging work. I finally acknowledged that I was bisexual at age 26 and (despite actively resisting it since I was about 15) became part of the furry community at 28. I'm able to support myself, which I thought I would never be able to do.

So I should be proud right? Believe in yourself and all that bullshit?

No, it's too late for me. When everybody else was young and figuring out who they were, taking risks, enjoying life, I was repressing, repressing, repressing. Depression allowed my world get narrow enough until I was unable to get out of bed. Thanks depression! 

And when I wasn't depressed, no one was good enough for me. I was arrogant, I was a snob, and occasionally I was a bully. I was one of those homophobic bastards who used to make fun of gays and lesbians despite the fact that I'm about a 3 on the Kinsey scale. Consequently I'm still a virgin and I've never been in a relationship that lasted more than about three dates.

"Don't worry!" everybody says. "You're SO young! There's so much more out there! And you've got so much to offer!"

Fuck that. The people my age at work (29) have already gotten married and are starting to have their first kids. They're getting mortgages and planning for the future, checking their 401(k)s. What do I have to live for? A career? I see people left and right defined by their jobs. My former boss would write me non-critical emails at 12:30 am. Gee, can't wait until I work my way up *that* ladder. Or maybe I could buy myself a house with just myself in it. Oh goody.

I don't want kids, at least not yet. But I want to go through life with a partner. People tell me I'm a good listener. (Yeah, no shit, I'm an unpublished writer, listening to humans is what I do.) I want someone to listen to *me.* I want someone so special that I'm willing to drop everything in my life for them. I want someone I'd trust to drive across the United States with me. 

But it's too late for me to find them. I'm coming from too far behind. And on top of that, I'm a whiny, self-centered bastard who'd rather binge eat or complain on reddit than deal with his problems. I was raised by a narcissistic, mentally ill father who left me with some really swell coping strategies to get through life that I'm trying to rid myself of. Not working, though.

So what do I have to look forward to? Getting old? Won't that be fun. I'll be a real catch then. Hey, maybe I can keep working and add money to my bank account! It'll sure be awesome to have bucks and no one to spend it on. 

Here I am. Same place I keep coming too since I was 13. Proof that no matter how hard you try and nobody what other people think about you, nothing ever fucking changes. 