I'm really strugglingI'm not really sure how I got to this point but I'm really struggling with life and I'm hoping someone can tell me it gets better but whenever I try I usually end up back in this frame of mind some way or another. I've been trying to figure out to how I got to feeling suicidal and I think its just one thing after another built up over time.   


I was was sexually abused on two occasions by "friends" in my teens which I think started it. I never told anyone them because I didn't want to ruin one guys reputation and the other occasion I kind of just let it happen so I didn't really know if I could complain. I know now that is stupid. It had a big impact on me though and I never truly let myself get into close friendships as I didn't know who I could trust. I played school/college like a game making friends out of a necessity to get through but ultimately not knowing who I could trust.   


I am not sure going through school a loner has led to this but depression has been a big part of my life. Its always there. Some days its better than others and some days are hell on earth. For anyone who suffers with depression they will understand. Its a part of you.  


My home life had its ups. But now I mostly remember the downs. I had a mother who loved me and a dad who did love me but had his own issues. He obviously never wanted children and I felt that resentment a lot of my life. He never really dealt with any of his emotions he just kinda sat there and would get angry and lash out at me every now and then. I wish he was just more open you know, I didn't have to of ruined his life we could of just been friends, hung out and did the stuff he wished he did together. Ultimately he sank into a deep depression, lost his job, had a little problem with anger which I would usually take the brunt of so my mother and sister didn't have to see. When he lost his job he was at his lowest and he would sit on the couch  and do nothing for days. It was hard to try and help him as he was making myself and my mother miserable by being aggressive and just generally not a very nice person to be around. This put a lot of pressure on my mother to keep the household running but she didn't have a very good job. She ended up working six night shifts a week to support us and the stresses of dealing with everything had a huge impact which resulted in her almost dying of a heart attack. This was the moment I grew up. She had survived and I was so grateful as I don't know what I would do without her. I did everything I could to help her get better but I could tell it had shook her deep. She had stared death in the face, I can't imagine what that must feel like. My dad was not very helpful to say the least. Somehow he managed to make it all about himself and made a horrible situation even worse. I eventually helped my mam find the courage to leave him and start fresh. I did not forget about my dad and have helped him get to a better place and I'm happy to see he has found some level of happiness but sometimes I think I can't forgive him for the hell he put us through.   


Whilst all of this was happening I didn't really have much of a social life. I had various jobs to help out and worked hard through university and got an ok job in my field. I did this out of necessity as I now had no financial support from my parents and I didn't want to be a burden on my mother who would of helped me regardless of what financial pressures it put on her.   


Once I had this job and my parents were settled I realised, fuck I have nothing going on in my own life. I had no close friends, no girlfriend no-one to really turn to. I was living in a house share because thats all I could afford but it wasn't a very pleasant place to be. I hated my job but I have to do it to survive. This resulted in me turning to anything to numb the lonely empty void I had found myself in. Everyone who I cared about was now happy, but I wasn't. I didn't want to ruin their new found happiness so I dealt with it on my own. I didn't even really realise what I was doing it just happened but I was slowly becoming addicted things that were having a negative impact on my life. Drink, drugs, casual relationships - I was just numbing the pain. And now one of those casual relationships has lead to a baby. I could kick myself!! How could I be so careless. I don't know if I'm definitely the father but now I feel this overwhelming sense of responsibility. I will do the right thing and be there for him, if I don't commit suicide. But the social judgement is overwhelming. I am always kind to everyone, I rarely get this in return. This wasn't just some one night stand, we dated, it was casual, it didn't work out. I am being supportive but I am really struggling to deal with this right now. I can just about afford to live (and definitely can't afford a place on my own) and  I can't be a burden on my family. How am I supposed to be a father to a child right now? I really need some help I have had the worst week where I can't concentrate on anything and I just want out. Just dealing with depression is a big enough battle on its own. I am so overwhelmed.