Just a few parting words...It's not like I expect anyone to read this or take it seriously. I think at this point I am just writing so I can effectively say this out loud at least once. It's pointless for me to try and talk to others about this. Every time I remotely mention how I feel I am met with some empty platitude or cliche response. It's maddening. I'm sitting here day in and day out overburdened with the weight of my life and if I so much as try to say three words about it I am bombarded with people telling me all of these generic reasons why I should keep going. 

It's fucking bullshit. 

I'm in my mid-thirties. I'm in a relationship with a woman more than ten years my junior. I know she loves me, and she means well. It's just that I know myself much better than she ever will. I know how I excel at fucking up good things. I know how self-destructive I get. I know from experience how vicious and cruel I can be when the despair becomes too much and I cannot do anything else but lash out at those around me. I'm a real piece of shit, but she refuses to see it. I almost envy her optimism. 

I'm unemployed. I live on disability income. I do not contribute to society. I'm regularly cruel to people on the internet. It isn't uncommon for me to go weeks at a time posting hateful memes and encouraging others to be as self-destructive as possible. I give people bad advice on purpose. In short, I offer nothing of value to society. 

My girlfriend is pregnant. She's almost two months along now and each day I am faced with the bitter reality that I am about to be a parent. It doesn't help that I notice with each passing year that I am looking more and more like my father did at my age. I have his face and his voice. It has reached a point where I look in the mirror and I can't decide who I hate more; me or him. I'll save you the sob story, but he was a real abusive prick and he got away with it. He fucked up my life in ways I'm not sure I'll ever fully comprehend. 

My mother keeps telling me that I remind her a lot of what he was like before they had me. And that's the thing, I've been just as mean-spirited and cruel as I remember him being. I remind her of him. I act like him. I've got a kid on the way. I'd rather die than do a tenth of the terrible things that shitmonger put me through, and the thing is I can see myself fucking up in a moment of weakness and being just the same kind of whiny immature bitch that he was. I can see myself fucking up and hurting that kid only to apologize later when I sober up or get on meds. 

Each day I become a little more aware of the fact that I have to die in order for my son or daughter to have a fighting chance at a good life. Don't bother trying to tell me that I can change or be a better man. I've done... things. I know that I am exactly the same kind of abusive asshole he is, most of the time I can drown out the guilt associated with those decisions, but the stain is there. I'm just charming and charismatic enough offline that most people think I'm a decent guy, but I know the truth. 

So there it is. I don't know if it will be tomorrow or in six months, but it's the only logical decision. Well, I said it. 

If there's anything on the other side, I'll be sure to save you a seat. 