everything I'm sorry for being so obnoxious.

I'm sorry for always being in the way.

I'm sorry for talking.

I'm sorry for bothering you.

I'm sorry for acting like I knew what I was doing.

I'm sorry for being a liar.

I'm sorry for not understanding.

I'm sorry for everything. 

My life could be a lot worse than it is but I feel as if it's been living hell. I'm growing up as a failure, knowing that I have no future and that I serve no purpose on earth. I try my best to live everyday but things are difficult. I try to just smile, be happy, and ignore the feelings but I realize that I'm just lying to myself. I can't just keep trying to make everyone around me happy. What I'm trying to say is, I give up. I give up on life, even if I continue living I'm not going to try to make things better.

I know that nothing will change for me, everything will just get worse. Eventually I'll be an adult, unable to hold a job and too poor to afford medication. At least I'm not there yet, but...I should stop burdening people. I should just stop depending on people and just go fail on my own. At least then no one would have to deal with me.

 im exhausted....and anxious...and i feel like im fake.. 

 maybe i'll look better if i lose more weight.. 

 I don't want to get hurt. IT FUCKING HURTS. Hours fucking hours spent in the damn room only be allowed to repeat the same fucking phrases. I GET NOTHING. NOTHING. JUST DO WHAT HE SAYS. WHATEVER HE WANTS ME TO DO. I hate it. HE CUT MY HAIR AND MAKES ME FEEL SO MUCH MORE DYSPHORIC. I can't. I've been ONCE. ONCE and I can't take it. 

 I wanna die lol

 

My parents told me that people who are AMAB (they said men but I'm being inclusive) don't deal with sexual assault or rape because they are the ones who do it. They say that I'm a liar and that it was not possible, they say just because I think I'm a girl doesn't mean that it has happened. They don't let me talk about it when I'm affected most by it. I'm treated as if nothing has ever happened. I don't know how to feel anymore. The more I'm told it doesn't happen the more I start telling myself that it never happened. Maybe that's better to just pretend nothing ever happened, but it will always take me to a dark place. I'll never talk about it again.

 

No matter what anyone tells me, I still feel the same. They tell me that pain is pain, and that just because other people have it worse doesn't mean that my struggles are irrelevant. I think they're lying. What gives me the right to even think that I'm suffering? I don't deserve to have help from people or to even have the feelings I do. I should just shut up and live my petty little life.

&amp;#x200B;

 

What the fuck do I have left?? Everyone fucking betrays me no one really gives two shits! Why? Why? why the fuck am I like this?? Why can't people treat me right?? Everything is so fucking screwed up. Everything should just disappear! I want to fucking tear everything apart! Why cant everyone just drop dead?? stop telling me its my fault. Stop telling me to change. Stop pretending like everything is good. Your all fucking liars!! Go to hell fucking go to hell! Why the fuck do you think I turned out this way?? Why the fuck do you think I'm so messed up?? It's your fault. It's fucking your fault. 

 I'm used to being told I look gross. I know I do, I can't always wear makeup to cover it up. That's why I always wear a mask so no on will have to see it. So I don't have to see it. The pain is still there, I don't need reminders of how I look. *When I get upset about it I just tell myself that I'm like a real life Todoroki but without the superpowers. if only I was hot like Todoroki.* I'm used to being told I'm fake. Accepting my disorders has been difficult enough, I don't need more people telling me that I'm lying and that I'm making others look bad. Those people are helping me, because they know what it's like living like I am. None of this is easy and it's very real. Sometimes it's too much for me to handle so I break down. I'm used to being told I'm creepy. It doesn't matter how high the dose of anti-psychotics is, I will never not suffer. I will always have delusions, I can't stop them or get rid of them. I hate it, you really think I like it?! I don't. I've lived with it my whole life. I want it all to change, I wish that I didn't have to deal with myself or my mind. I will always do what I want, how I want, in a way that makes sense to me. I'm used to being looked down upon by everyone. I'll never be smart, in any way shape or form. I can't do normal things like everyone else. I'm not even really living, I haven't been alive since I was little. People are always disgusted by my existence, they look at me like at least I'm not her. They avoid me and talk to me as if I'm a little kid. I'm used to not being wanted. Everyone wants me to be gone, the only people who like me are online. I'm not planning on dying because I still have 5 years of having hope. I don't have friends or a family that cares for me. I'm on my own. I'm aware of that, so right now in this moment, I'm grateful I have something left. 

 I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar I'm a liar 

 I've never been able to tell real from fake. So this is probably the same, everything is just made up in my head because I couldn't just believe that I was like the other girls. I'm just deceiving myself and everyone's playing along. *nothing has happened you just want attention it's all lies you tell yourself you're just faking you make all of us look bad* People just don't want to tell you that you're just dreaming. You just want to be someone you're not. Maybe you should just kill yourself to make up for all the people you cause problems for. You seem to have funning cutting. So go do it.

 I don't want to fall apart again 

 *I need help* 

I am stupid I am annoying I am a burden I am a waste of space I am a liar I am fake I should cut I should die I should not exist I should be forgotten

 its my fault its all my fault i ruin everything

 I really really really need to die, it doesn't matter to people whether I'm dead or alive because why would it matter? No one really cares, why would anyone care? I can't do this anymore. 

Eventually everyone will forget about me, I'll forget everyone. Everyone's faces will become obscure and I'll be alone again. Who am I kidding? I've always been alone. 

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

smile 🙃