Started writing goodbye lettersI don't know where I stand on the idea of killing myself. I've been journaling a lot recently and wrote a few pages today, which turned into me talking about suicide and eventually, a few good bye notes. I got halfway through the third when I stopped. 

I've considered suicide a few times in the last few weeks. Too much has been lost and I can't help but feel like I'm running out of time to get myself back on track. 

Anyhow, as coherent as the writing and words were, I didn't cry about it. In fact despite a somewhat persistent need to cry today, I've only shed a few tears. I thought really contemplating this would have taken more out of me, but it didn't. 

I don't know if I've changed my mind; I just know that I'm getting too desperate not to keep it in mind. 

I turned our wedding guest book...a diary of our marriage, into a series of suicide notes and an accounting of all the misery my wife's infidelity planted inside of me. So many have told me she's not worth the anguish--that I should just get a divorce. And I know she doesn't love me. Probably never did. Don't think she ever had an honest bone in her body when it came to committing to our relationship, let alone our marriage. And I was a fool. I saw and felt things. I had so many suspicions but I always made excuses. I thought I was being paranoid and not trying hard enough to be patient and trusting of my wife. And for 6 months I suffered. I suffered at home and I suffered at work. I left that job after two years because I was bringing that misery home into our life, and our happiness was more important to me. Only recently have I realized that the trouble I had at work was me bringing the misery from our marriage into the office. One source of depression fed into the other until they were indistinguishable. I chose her over comfort and income, but she couldn't even choose me once, over anything. I would have given anything for that woman but now there's nothing left to take from me; and I have nothing left to give. 

I don't know what I'll decide to do, but I have the time and opportunity to make the choice. For myself.