UntitledEvery day I've thoughts of killing myself because I've no redeemable qualities or attributes. I'm sick and *tired* of people denying otherwise when it's abundantly clear that this is of utmost truth. 

I've eyes, alright? I can see that the person in the mirror doesn't equate to the conventional standards of beauty, thus making me ugly. Stop denying it — let someone be ugly. The more you try to assure that person they're not, they more they'll know you're simply lying to them. It's factual. I've not once been treated decently by men, so that in itself is an indicator. Don't try convincing me otherwise.

I've the IQ of a piece of stale bread. I've no common sense. I'm horrendous at mathematics and science, and I've some deficit disorder which makes retaining information challenging. I can't pass exams to save my life and I struggle with pressure, time, procrastination. I'm everything a student shouldn't be embodied. Needless to say I'll never have a decent career, make decent money, live a comfortable life. Already I've started job hopping because I can't fucking deal.

I've absolutely no talents. I can't draw, write, or sing. All I'm useful for is shoving food down my throat and crying, fetal on the bed. Everyone hates me. My own family's disappointed in me. I'm a terrible person, both inside and out, and frankly I've absolutely no idea as to what I'm doing here. Even the healthcare system can't help — the closest referral I've received is 9 months away. A fucking joke.

I don't even love my family, save my sisters, because all they've done is trivialise and dismiss everything I've ever felt. They don't care about me unless I've something which benefits them, namely money. I absolutely loathe them and find myself wondering whether I'd be feeling this way if I were raised in a family that actually cared.

Regardless, I can't deal with the thought of them finding my lifeless body. These people have subjected me to years worth of CEN and I can't deal with the thought of hurting them, as though they care when it's abundantly clear they fucking don't. 

There's absolutely no point of going to university. Fuck.