Life annonymousHello My name is r3dac73d

*crowd* Hello r3dac73d

and I am not sober. I want to be sober and have tried a few times to quit.The first time I just decided to not give in to my cravings and stop my addiction cold turkey, turns out this wasn't very easy and the addiction kicked in, almost instantaneously. After this attempt I decided for a while that maybe things would get better on their own and allowed myself to not be sober 24/7, like I had before I had decided I should quit. Things started getting out of control. It got to the point where I couldn't remember ever being sober, although I suppose everyone here can relate to that. My next attempt at sobriety I decided to use some pills to assist me. This did not turn out so well, they gave me seizures and a hospital stay, and afterwards my addiction came back stronger than ever. There was not a single moment when I was sober so I continued to remain in my situation and decided to try to make the best of things, if I couldn't quit then I would try to use my addiction to get the best out of everything. Unfortunately, for me, thing didn't work out as I had planned and so I decided to quit again. This time was different though. Between my last attempt at sobriety and this current one, a lot had changed. I had lost my job, I had lost weight -a lot of weight-, got a new job, lost that job, gotten married, gotten fitter and had taken up mountain biking and decided to try to participate at a semi-pro level, formed a lot of meaningful personal relationships but something was still not right, I still didn't feel right so I decided to quit again which brings me here. I want to quit life. I am addicted to life but I want so bad to quit, I feel like life is such a chore and that there is no real point to any of this. I don't think I feel things the same way other people do. Even though I have formed a good few personal relationships with some great people, I always feel so....so fake. I feel like everything is a facade and will come crashing down on me like it always seems to. I don't really feel emotions anymore, and for a while could emulate them very well, although lately my ability to do this has seemed to be dwindling as my definition of what these emotions should look like has somehow become lost. I have no ambitions and have forgotten how to make them. If I did know how to make them I do not have the means to fulfill them as right now I have no job and no money. I have been  injured recently whilst mountain biking, I fell off of a 25' cliff. I didn't scream or yell or cry, I barely even cared I knew I couldn't continue riding the trail I was on and could barely walk as my right leg muscles at the time were deciding not to function due to some pretty deep and severe trauma to my knee although I recognized there should be pain, I could not express my pain in any way. I hoped on the 2 1/2 mile hobble to the car that I was seriously injured. When I got home I didn't go to the hospital or call a Dr, I decided to just sit there and bleed for a bit. It bled for a while, coagulated and stopped itself. Not to worry I thought, that trail was dirty so I am bound to have an infection so I got in the shower and then went and pretended to be human with some of the people I associate with. Most of them noticed right away that something was wrong with my leg and I just brushed it off and went on with the evening. A few of them had suggested that I go to the hospital. I told them I would be fine and eventually went home and went to sleep. I suppose what I am trying to say is that I still want to quit. And I was hoping that help would lie within this forum.