Giving upI've been lurking this subreddit for a while now and finally decided to post. This is going to be a very wordy one but honestly I feel like I'm at the end. I don't see how things can change or improve. 

Back story
I grew up with an emotionally and physically abusive narcissistic mother. I was manipulated and brainwashed into believing that there was always something wrong with me. I saw my first psychologist at 5 and had my first medication at age 6 for ADHD. My mother drummed into my head every day who ugly and horrible I was. She took me to a doctor to get a referral for a surgeon when I was 14 because my ears were too small and folded over. I looked after myself from age 12. Everything from taking myself to school, feeding my younger sisters, cooking, cleaning, you name it. All because my alcoholic mother was too pissed to do it.
I was diagnosed with Bipolar type 2 with acute anxiety at 16 in 2010 and began many medications to try and help me deal with what was going on. I had 2 suicide attempts in 2012 when I overdosed on pain medication and alcohol to try and die peacefully in my sleep. I was kicked out of home later that year because I didn't want to go to the university my step-father wanted me to. I got myself a one room apartment, tried to go to university and had to drop out because my job cut my hours from 30 to 4 hours a week and I was already struggling on the welfare payments. I began working full-time and worked in retail and the education industry. There was then a brief period of 3 and a bit years where I was fine. There was the occasional panic attack and short periods of depression and I honestly thought that I had beaten it and turned a new page. I am still not on medication. 

Fast forward to the end of 2015. 
I started feeling like a machine just waiting for my time to come which is when I felt myself slipping back into depression. Determined to beat depression, I chose to finally go back to university and pursue the career I wanted (translator/interpreter for new immigrants or refugees). I applied and was offered a place in the bachelor degree which started in Feb 2016. My employment went from full time to casual but with a better hourly rate which was great but my manager has just made my depression even worse. I feel like I'm walking on egg shells, nothing I ever do is good enough. I'm good at my job and the manager is a perfectionist who micromanages everything I do which has made the past year extremely difficult. 

ANYWAY I digress. I am now at a point where I am extremely broke. I have $5 to my name for the next two weeks which is supposed to help me pay for petrol, parking at uni, food, rent and well everything. I've exhausted all financial options possible and I'm no longer eligible for welfare payments. My boyfriend (been together 7 years and been living together for 4 years now) does not understand my mental health struggles but truly loves me and supports me in anyway he can. 

I am at the end of my rope. For the past two weeks I have gone to sleep praying that I wouldn't wake up. I haven't made any attempts yet but I'm done. Every time I have tried to set myself up for the future or do something for me I have been hit with debt, unemployment, family issues, lack of food and transport. I don't know how much longer I can keep fighting. Maybe I'm not meant to do things for me. Maybe I'm just supposed to suffer and serve those who do not give a fuck if I live or die. I can't afford mental health treatment and can't even get myself to class tomorrow. I just don't know what to do any more and I feel like there isn't anything left for me in this world. 
