I walk this earth just to return to the dirtSomeone suggested i should try and reach out here, I'm not here on my own volition
So here it goes.

I lost my capacity to feel emotions some time ago when i was 16, I just live for the sake of living, I play games hours on end just to make time go faster, 12+ hours a day, I sleep, I eat, I do nothing else.

I have christian parents so i was raised as such on my younger years when i wasnt diagnosed yet, so suicide is out of the question. (Because it would send me straight to hell)

I walk this earth waiting to the return to the dirt, so that i may stop excisting.

Torment and agony comes to me when i'm around others, I despise humans, I'm a misanthrophist as you would call it.

What am i supposed to do? Therapy does not help, pills dont help, I dont have any friends to help me, because I dont want any.

I've numerous times considered to just jump of a bridge nearby (Its over 100 meters high so it would be like smashing into asfalt) I keep thinking about it, on a dialy basis, why do i even live?

I've been diagnosed now (Age 25) with Aspergers and PTSD.

Therapy does not help me in any way, I cannot feel the need to do anything or to be with anyone, sometimes I just stare at a wall for hours on end, just to pass the time.

I have endless nightmares, every single night, demons and whatnot tormenting me on a daily basis when I go to sleep.

I play guitarr to calm myself, to keep my mind stable enough to stay sane in this world.

I play computer games and console games to make time go faster, this was the logical choice for me (Since i cant feel i have to use logic and simulation and scenarios in everything i do)

When i talk to people i have to look at their faces, their body language, past experiances with them, scenarios i've already been with them in, if talked to them already.

Simulating and processing all that they are saying to me within second so that i can give a proper response.

This takes alot of energy out of me, so i stay isolated, i only talk to my family, i'm a loner, with no friends, no job, no school.

So sometimes i think, why do i even try? why do i keep on living?
Is christianity the only thing keeping me from killing myself?

Help me understand why i feel like this, help me understand why i want to live.

I dont have any friends, I dont want any friends, I wont have kids, I wont have a wife, I cant feel anything.

So what purpose do i have on this earth?

Enjoy your life while you can still care and have feelings, unlike me who is forced to walk this earth as a empty shell.

Cherish what you have, I wish you all good life.

Hopefully someone can help me.

Why shouldnt I just die? to end it all, so that I may be free of this torment.