I just want to stop existing.Cross posted from r/depression. Figured it might be a good idea to post here as well.


I'm a young woman - early 20's, in college, generally a good life. I struggle to get by on my work study paychecks but I manage. I have little family - a couple aunts and uncles and a step-grandparent that lives in another state. I don't speak to my mother. I don't know my father. I don't know my sister. I barely speak to my other family. I have very few friends. My roommate is like a sister to me but I don't feel I can tell her personal things. The only person who knows I feel like this is my ex boyfriend who also happens to be an RA at the dorm I'm living in.


I don't even know when it started. I know I've been depressed for years. I know I've had a few incidents, in moments of great sadness or frustration or anger, where I've thought, "I just want to die!" but I never thought about it again. Now, lately, the past couple weeks, it's always there in the back of my head. It's always something that's bothering me. I always think what could happen. If I stepped into oncoming traffic without looking, happened to get into some weird freak accident, things like that. At first I wasn't concerned because I wasn't thinking about it like I was going to do it, it was just a "what if?" kind of thing. Even my therapist agreed.


But now I'm worried. I don't feel anything. I don't feel sad or happy or anything, I just feel empty and numb. The thought of dying doesn't scare me. I don't want to die, but I don't want to exist either. The more these thoughts bother me, the more I think about them. I've decided if it comes to that I'm going out one of three ways. I told my ex this, and he wanted me to call someone to get evaluated. I talked him out of it. I convinced him not to do the one thing he's trained for, and that's help people. He's a mandated reporter. He didn't report. I feel guilty because of this. I know he wants to help, but I'm terrified of hospital psych wards. I was there for 2 days once when I was 16 and though that's not a long time, it was enough to make me never want to go back. I'd rather die before I get put back into one of those godforsaken places.


I can barely afford therapy, I don't know how I'll afford a hospital visit and medications and a psychologist. I'm a broke ass college student. I have no way to pay for these things. I have no insurance to cover visits and meds. It seems like I'm just doomed to struggle. I've been of the mindset that if I just ignore it, it will go away.


Sorry this was so long and rambly. I don't really have anywhere else to vent these feelings. I'm scared of telling anyone for fear of reliving past experiences. I don't want to get taken away and locked up like a crazy person. I'm not crazy, I'm just in a bad place. I don't want to die, I just want to stop existing.


Thanks for listening.