Slowly loosing sanity(long story,im sorry)So,the thing is that i am at a top law school ,but i hate that place. I never wanted there ,but Somehow i managed to pass the exam,but not how i wanted. This school has two programmes;one for the students(IF) and one for the ppl with jobs(ID),meaning that you don t get classes and basically you don t have a schedule. My score wasnt high enough for the IF programme and i went to ID forced by my family. I rejected this thing ,but i could not do too much,they forced me. 

Now,i go to classes like a regular student ,but i don t get graded for my work,i can t answer to questions bc they belong to the IF and i would steal their chance to get graded. The other IF students are always mocking me ,they are mean to me ,they just threw me out of the classroom. I usually don t get a seat so i Stay about 3hrs on the floor or just a place to stay in a corner. Sometimes ,i feel so bad when i am not going to school ,i feel like im wasting my family s money,but it s pointless. At this rate,im not learning too much bc i just cant ,i read all alone law books,without a teacher to guide me and it s freakin hard.
   At this point ,i have two options. I start year 1 at a different law school ( i can t transfer to year 2) ,but it would make me even mader or i start something else,other university,but i m not too good at something else.

No one understands my pain,i wasted a year in my life and i feel tired ,depresed,sad,mad,anxious,inferior and i just hate all. Bc of the stress,i have an illness that turns my skin into a scratchy,iching thing. Im always moody and sad ,i feel like i don t deserve nothing,im not a human  anymore. All this time ,all the mockery lead to self impression of humilty and looser. I can t have my own choices Bc my father forces me to do want he wants ,like this university thing. He is very manipulative and bad ,he has no remorse and never said something nice to no one,he only lives to make money  

Sometimes i hear voices that mock me ,calling me names. I can t sleep,i can t eat,i can t be happy. I am tired and i had enough ,i want to be treated like a human being,but im not getting that from my family or others. I don t like the idea of killing myself ,Bc i know i will hurt ppl,but i just don t see the light ,the point of living,the point of all. I just want to end all. 

Is there a point of living a life that you don t like ? 