Giving upI've posted here once before and it seemed to help at least a little so I'm giving it another shot.. it's not like I have anything else to try. 

I feel like I have honestly met the end of the road, without anywhere to go or anyone to turn to. It's getting so bad that I don't even want to go outside anymore. If I go outside, I know I'll get hurt and end up being sad and depressed most of the time, try to kill myself or run away. If I wasn't so ridden with anxiety that I can't even move sometimes I would have already disappeared somewhere. 

It all started getting worse about half a year ago, I was having a great time until that day. I was hardly depressed and I even managed to stop cutting. And then for some unknown reason, things started to go downhill. I started to get more depressed, easily hurt and my anxiety came back. My (now x) boyfriend helped me through most of it but he couldn't do much as he seemed to only make me mad and I would snap at him for trying to help. Most of the times when I was depressed within range of him was just sitting in silence and curling up for hours just staring into nothing. I couldn't even look at him without feeling like he was going to slit my throat, I was scared shitless. Things got worse from there until I started to cut again. At first it was just simple scratching and biting but then I started to do things I had never done before. I started to actually use a knife and I made myself bleed for the first time. I was so proud and the thought of that makes me honestly sick. That I was proud of hurting myself to the point of seeing blood. The thing is that I shouldn't even feel like this, hell my friends tell me I shouldn't. 

I didn't have friends before like a few months ago that I met at a convention after I discovered the webcomic homestuck, and they're some of the best friends I could ask for. But my brain makes it hard to be around them. The way it works is that if they don't give me enough attention or that if I'm being left alone for a period of time I just instantly get really depressed and I want to run away so that they don't have to deal with me. I hate myself for that, being so needy for attention and such an asshat. To give an example, I was with a few of my friends the last 3 days, and I was depressed more or less the entire time I was there. We went to a festival thing one of the days and I had a wound that started to bleed again after being more or less bleeding for 3 days, so I was freaking out but no one really cared so I was just hanging in the back worrying about it. (Also I pass out when I see blood so I was trying my best not to pass out from that) and whenever I sat down they just walked away from me. I figured it was just that they were having so much fun, but then another person started to feel bad and everyone flocked around them to help and I felt like a lost cause and just kept quiet in my place. My friend forced me to eat, which was more or less what she did for me that day. The next day more of the same happened and I was just walking around in pain and depressed all day and when we got back no one really paid any attention to me, as well as one of my best friends ( also one I might have a crush on) didn't even say goodbye to me when she left, so I was left alone being really depressed. I used my scissors to cut the top of my arm and down it but none of the two friends i was staying with seemed to notice so I just shrugged it off. I ended up going to the bathroom 3 times, once to shower and cry and two times to cut until one of them finally noticed that I was sad after standing in the window for about 20 minutes crying to myself. 

I know I should have told them instead of walking off to cut, but how could I tell them I was feeling like that when they had been ignoring my previous calls for help?  I just don't know what to do anymore. I have no one to turn to, therapy is out of the question. I can't tell my parents how I feel because they will just yell at me for lying this entire time and tell me that I'm seeking attention. I want to ask my doctor about it but I'm scared of that as well. I've been doing this shit for so many years now I'm honestly not seeing a way out and if I had the courage I would have killed myself years ago. I even have a plan now and I'm just waiting for the right time. I'm thinking of just getting off the internet, or in the best case actually running away from everything and never seeing anyone again. I can't deal with people and they shouldn't have to be around me, I just wreck everything and end up hurting everyone around me. I know I need help but I can't get it, and no one is there to help me. no one sees me so there's really no point in trying. The ones that needed me are gone and now I'm just a waste. I don't know why I haven't just taken a knife to my wrist yet. Maybe next time I'm with my friends I'll just actually run away, then they can be happy..