I don't want to stop living but I think there is something else inside me that won't stop torturing me until I'm deadI feel like there are two people inside of me and one of them wants to ruin my life. 

I've always had depression since as far as I can remember. I was always a quiet and sensitive kid. Mostly my feelings of worthlessness sprouted from the realization that I'm not like other people and I'm no good at pretending. School, jobs (mostly high volume restaurant work where I have 60+ coworkers because those were all I can find at my age) and other populated environments are huge stress inducers for me. I am so easily overstimulated (and somehow understimulated, my elementary teachers always suggested adhd but idk) that sometimes I lose the ability to communicate much at all. 

I just quit my job as a server without notice (right before rent is due...) because I couldn't take it anymore. Two weeks earlier I witnessed a classmate jump from our advisement building on campus. (Big city, I think 20 stories.) He didn't make it. There's a parking garage near my job, we have to park at the top floor. Sometimes when I would walk to my car at night after a long shift, after feeling used and unvalued by customers and coworkers, I would think about the fall. I quit but I don't feel free from whatever it was I felt trapped by there.

I know I couldn't do anything like that, though. I don't like the idea of the attention... when this boy jumped everyone surrounded him, snapchatted his body. But I feel like my body/mind finds ways that will slowly kill me in sneaky, subtle ways. And they are more unbearable and prolonged. For example, some people when they are depressed will overeat and sleep for days, but when I'm anxious I don't feel hunger at all. I also lose the ability to sleep. Overeating and sleeping are not good either, but you need those to live... sometimes I know I need to eat but when I'm anxious/depressed I get overwhelmed by things that involve lots of steps, like cooking... I'm not stupid but sometimes I feel locked out of my own head. 

I know I am malnourished, I can feel it, people point out how thin I am. I'm already on a meat free diet (which I have been able to healthily maintain when I eat) but I can just feel how weak I am, the headaches, and losing motivation to do anything, it gets harder to eat. Its a slippery slope

I've tried to seek help before but it never works out or I can't afford it, antidepressants are not right for me, I don't think it is typical depression

I live in a large but tight knit city and I know a lot of people (because of my job and my bf is kind of well known in the community) but no one really seems interested in me or likes/cares about me, I guess I'm also not friendly because I'm shy so people don't like me. Honestly I am VERY closed off sometimes because I fear I am offputting. I don't feel like anyone would bat an eyelash if I died, maybe they would say, "that sucks" and go on with their lives

But there is also my boyfriend whom I live with... he is so different than me, very social, always joking etc but when I'm sad I think it brings him down and he doesn't know what to do. I can feel the emotional distance between us when I talk about my depression, because he feels powerless, the air feels so thick and I feel even lonelier expressing these feelings to people I know 

I need to put my heart into school but I just feel so empty... then guilty for not being productive. Even more guilty because my teachers tell me I am very good at what I do. But I can't finish anything and I have so much anxiety. I don't feel like I belong anywhere, and that I am unlovable and unwanted. I can't do anything without a second person in my head telling me how wrong I do everything and how worthless and unlikable I am. 

It doesn't make any sense because I am forgiving and non-judging to others but so hateful towards myself. I've spent massive time and energy on self improvement and working towards self love, with little luck, apparently... every year I end up at a low place again. I swear something inside of me wants me dead. It thinks of violent things happening to me as a way to calm myself down or take revenge on my mistakes. 

I go long periods of "healing" where I don't hurt myself, and then relapse out of nowhere. Today I just got so mad at myself for being sad and feeling worthless, because I missed something important at school due to anxiety. So I carved "LOVE YOURSELF" into my skin. I don't know about you but hurting yourself by writing "love yourself " is the stupidest thing I've ever heard. I don't know who this person is because I feel like I'm the one who wants so badly to be happy... why do I keep doing these things to myself? 

Given what I've been capable of in the past, between starving myself, hurting myself, and overtaking pain pills until I was close to dead (I don't do this anymore)... I know how impulsive I can be when I am like this. I think about death so much lately. But I know I am one of those that if I was at the edge of the window about to jump off, I would know I don't want to die. I think a lot of things about life is beautiful, and I think people are so beautiful, but I'm too depressed to enjoy or involve myself. I just want to kill this part of me that won't leave me in peace. But it wants to kill me, so here we are, trying to kill each other

I don't know what to do. I never post on reddit so I must be in some sort of head space to even tell strangers about any of this when I don't even tell people I know

Please help, I feel so close to the edge 