I tried, can I go now?I haven't spoke or brought my problems onto Reddit since the end of 2018 cause I learnt that living in Singapore, it almost impossible to find someone else online that can relate when everyone just think  from their position where  better options exist. Not to mention when the social worker that offered help asked me **"Should I kill myself too just cause others are more fortunate?"**

Honestly, I tried being as fair as I could to many different perspective of things but no matter how I tried, I always end up with the conclusion that everyone only care about themselves. The only way they could live on was by making sure that they do not make other's problems into their problem. By that, I refer to families and close friends too. All they do is offer pointless verbal questions and do nothing else beyond that. 

Strong and dependable doesn't make me iron will. I am tired of people asking the wrong questions, caring about the wrong things. Often not noticing that I need help too. I also tired of having a hard time trying to find a Singaporean to make friends with online. They are almost non-existence and while I embrace the western mindset a lot, timezone and high pings have only made things troublesome. Perhaps I would migrate, I once thought but having watch how things progressed on Reddit, I understand that being Asian means that folks are less willing to care, much less put in any effort. Not really racist, its just not their problem and they are just using their rights to not have to care when they can care about someone closer, more directly. I get it, I don't blame anyone. I just blame myself for not being that sparkling socialite that everyone wants to befriend and be proud to show off to their friends. My life savings is on its last stretch and I have almost lost interest in everything. Not even the launch of Division 2 next week is enough to make me wanna stay on, even though I pre ordered it. 

I'm only still here cause I haven't used up all my savings. There's no harm in waiting longer before I leave this world, that's just all I can say atm. I'm sure there's more that life has to offer as everyone keep saying but I'm not sure what that has got to do with me. Don't have the means to afford / discover them anyway =) Just feel somewhat bad that after I jump out the widow, someone needs to clean up the mess and repair the structure damage that I landed on. I just want to be a good person, that's how I tried to live my life but the end result is being socially perceived as weak. I really really want to go, if the world would just let me go and stop asking me to help them fix their problems.