Does God really have a plan for all this mess?I’m NB 24. Very religious. Life has just gotten too overwhelming. Been suicidal since I was 12, and I just feel like I’ve been living on borrowed time. There’s been pockets of really good things, but it doesn’t seem to take long before I’m miserable and hopeless again. In theory I have a lot going for me, I’m in seminary to become a chaplain, I have a really great and supportive husband, I just graduated undergrad last year, and I just signed a lease on a new place. But there’s so much more than that. My husband and I moved to this area after my graduation to take care of my Nana and to keep her out of the nursing home during the pandemic. At first it was 3 months, it became 7. My moms the only one in the family that appreciated what we do the rest of the family doesn’t give a fuck about us and the sacrifices we’ve made for my Nana. I got a great paying job at APS in March but I have so many mental health problems that I couldn’t complete my job duties and I was asked to resign for mental health reasons. On the day I left they evacuated the whole building and brought cops in even though I made no direct threats to myself or others. It was the worst day of my life. I didn’t really want to kill myself that badly beforehand but damn I sure did after. One week later, I found out I was reported to APS for financial exploitation because I live with my Nana, take care of her all the time, but don’t pay rent. Even though this was all prediscussed and arranged by my Nana’s POA’s to save her money. Due to knowledge I learned at my job about how the program is run in my state, I know that only my former employee could have reported me. So now I’m under investigation, which could ruin my career because I’m in human services. My Nana has dementia and watching her beginning to die has been one of the hardest things of my life, and this is what happens? It’s so confusing to her she doesn’t know why people call her asking about us. I got another job at a daycare, but I just feel like such a freak all the time and that no one likes me. The teachers and a lot of the kids think I’m weird. I’m $100,000 in debt for a functionally useless degree and I have to stay in grad school to defer my loans because I can’t afford to pay them. And then I have like $3000 of medical debt from this past year of just trying to keep myself alive from GI and psychiatric issues. I’m a BURDEN!!! Been exposed to COVID 4 times in the past month, had to quarantine twice, and am still experiencing symptoms from my first bout where I supposedly tested negative, but my doctors are now thinking otherwise. I’m in seminary, but it’s a shit show. I can’t get anything done because I feel like shit and want to die and now it just came to light that my seminary had this huge wave of Title IX complaints, racist jokes, and financial issues. You know, like Jesus taught. I feel swindled by this seminary in so many ways and I felt so strongly about my call to ministry and now I just don’t know if I even believe it’s worth it anymore.  The election just terrifies me. The Supreme Court nomination terrifies me. The ACA is the only reason my Type 1 Diabetic husband has health insurance, without it, we’re absolutely fucked. There’s so much pain in the world for so many people and I reflect on it all day long. I try to pray, but last night was the first time in months. I felt a sense of peace while doing it. It quickly went alway. On top of that I’ve just been a shitty person really until I met my husband, and even then I made some terrible choices and hurt so many people. I feel like there’s no redemption for me and that I’m the worst sinner and I’m definitely going to hell and don’t deserve to be in ministry. Those are the big things I guess, but everyday something seemingly small happens that just wrecks my shit and makes me upset for a few hours. Full disclosure I am in ED recovery and hit 14 months free before I started having new and exciting ED behaviors to replace my old ones. I don’t restrict, binge, or purge anymore. Im just scared to eat out of nausea or vomiting. I vomit at least once a day unintentionally and am nauseous most of the day. I also have been on psych meds for the past two years, but haven’t been taking them in the past two months. The meds never really helped, it was the therapy and spiritual guidance that did it. 

I guess I’m just like, does God actually have a plan for me? Is all of this struggle worth it? Will it serve some higher purpose? I was raised with that idea my whole life but I’m questioning it now. Why is there so much pain, why can’t I do anything to help. Basically the only reason I’m staying alive for now and making this post is because I love my husband and my sister and they’d both kill themselves too if I died. I also can’t shake this feeling I’m here for a reason, to really make this world a better place, but I’m so frequently disheartened by my lack of ability to do that and all the pain going on in the world. I’m also just like such a shitty person and a terrible sinner like what could God possibly want with me??? Why me??? Why not someone else??? You got the wrong guy. I don’t know if it’s worth it. I want to go home, I want to be with Jesus. I’m tired of it here. I feel like one of the only reasons I’m not killing myself is because of how afraid I am that I will go to hell and how much I love my family. But I just don’t belong on this earth, I don’t feel like I ever have, and I’m scared it’s just going to get worse next week and keep getting worse after that.