What would YOU do in my situation? Hello Reddit.

 I'm not sure where to start. Actually I'm not even sure why am I doing this...I live in a third world country(Tehran,Iran). if you have enough knowledge about here, you'd know how much of a pain it is alone to live in this shit hole . I'm in the worst possible mental state of my life. I'm 23 and Ive always been the kind of person who'd rather stay indoors at home than go outside. I used to enjoy it but sometimes I'd get depressed for no reason for a whole day but I was always able to sleep it off. But lately, sleeping doesn't fix it. I go into a depression state for 2-3 days constantly having suicidal thoughts. in fact I think the only reason I haven't done it yet is that I don't want to hurt my parents or friends who love me a lot but lately Ive been starting to care less and less about how they'd feel if I do it.

The sad thing is my life is way better compared to some other people.I mean lots of people have it way worse than me but don't even complain. I'm fairly good looking. I'm supposedly smart(I got accepted into a school for smart children back when I was 12) and my family is in the middle class money-wise. 

But despite all above, I'm the saddest guy I know of. There is nothing to do outside. I mean absolutely nothing. everything someone my age would enjoy is fucking forbidden. you cant drink alcohol. there are no concerts. any music other than classic and really slow ones are forbidden. you cant even walk with a girl who isn't your wife in the street. if they see you they'd arrest you and you'll be fucked. sex before marriage is a taboo. most of the girls aren't willing to do it before getting married. those who do are usually dumb girls who I cant even have a meaningful conversation with. you cant even easily rent a place unless you're married. I mean seriously what the fuck do is there to live for in my situation? 

right now I'm in that depressed state. and the suicidal thoughts are way worse than ever. I'm pretty sure I'm not gonna do it tonight but not sure how much longer Id be able to resist it. sorry for my bad English and shitty writing. My thoughts aren't exactly in order right now.