The progression of my outlookI used to spend every waking moment thinking about the world in a state of numbness and involuntarily still sometimes come back to this point of view. I would think everyone was selfish. Kindness doesn’t exist; it’s just an attempt to make someone feel better about themselves to provide an excuse for manipulating others. I thought the world was nothing more than a crudely oiled machine.

This was my ultimate coping mechanism. In almost any situation, an answer like “it doesn’t matter” would cleanly wrap up my perspective on the situation. To me, nothing mattered. Love was artificial, happiness was ignorance, kindness was selfishness. 

In the rawest element, I was right. Looking from the outside in shows a society structured on ignorance and selfishness. The world as a whole seems like nothing more than a “cult” where individuality is sacrificed for blissful ignorance. 

But I think this outlook on life is too vague. 

To constantly lump people into categories and dehumanize those around you is to completely overlook everything that makes up that individual. 

I remember walking around in high school and looking into the faces of those who passed me by and thinking of them as ignorant morons. I would see someone smile and think to myself “that was fake, you’re hiding from reality.” it was easy for me to say this, since I was never really feeling anything and the easiest assumption to draw was that everyone else was creating facades.

Over time I began to realize that my use of easy solutions like “nothing matters” and “everyone is ignorant” was my impenetrable wall of defense. I had so much anger, loneliness, frustration, and disparity built up that feeling nothing became better than feeling. And with an answer so conclusive, I never had to feel anything. At least it seemed. 

One day during my finals week, I got a call from my sister to let me know my brother was ODing on fentanyl and would most likely die. I could no longer devalue everything around me. Someone I loved; someone I genuinely cared for was dying and there was nothing I could do. This was a breaking point. I suddenly felt everything that i has been repressing my whole life. The worst part seemed to be that I couldn’t kill myself since I couldn’t put my family through 2 deaths in the same day. 

Fortunately, my brother survived and life continued. But this intense wave of emotion that I had felt during my reaction was enough to bring feeling back into me. When the numbness had initially been broken I was flushed with a wave of pure darkness and anger but I’m glad now that I stuck through it. I didn’t kill myself even though I VERY much wanted to. 

As time passed and as I regained my sense of emotion, I began to value the life I have been given and the lives of those around me. Regarding my outlook on life, i realized that no simple answer like “it doesn’t matter” will be as conclusive as one may presume. I (very) slowly began to take off the shit colored glasses that had managed to keep me blind to the world around me. 

I’m not saying all this to make you feel like any sort of progression will be easy or neat or structured. I’m just trying to remind you that to allow yourself to be, you must allow yourself to feel.  

If anyone would like to talk my inbox is always open. 