The worst part of life is feeling useless, and life feeling useless in turn.For so long, I've felt no reason to live, no driving purpose. I would just go day by day, immersing myself into any media that made me forget about how empty life felt, how empty I felt. This went for a few years until I met my best friend. I met her, and life just seemed to light up like it never had. A few years went by, we went through a lot, and I asked her out. She said yes, and it's been a couple years. In these years (long distance, btw), I have come to the realization that she doesn't need me, and there is nothing I can do for her. Whenever she needs emotional help, try as I might, I can't help her. I never have the right things to say, and I can never do the right things. It is insanely clear that I am no longer wanted, needed, or helpful. And without her, I'm back to the empty life I had before, and I can feel that creeping its way back in as I'm coming to the conclusion that what she needs isn't me. I have nothing but good intentions. I love her more than I have ever thought I could love something, and I might not have made it this long if she wasn't around to guide me, and I want to be able to do the same for her, but despite my good intentions, when she's hurt and she needs me, I'm incapable. I swallow all pain I feel, all responsibilities I have, and I give her all of my attention, but \*I\* am simply not enough. I'm a a man with nothing but good intentions and actions that don't carry them out, and it's just like they say, the road to Hell is paved with good intentions.

&amp;#x200B;

And college. I'm in a great school, I've always killed it with academics. College has been hard for me, though. It's felt so useless, I have to push so hard to have any motivation, and I'm not sure if that's because of me, or the classes genuinely feel useless, but either way, it adds to me feeling like life is pointless.  


I plan on buying a motorcycle. I think it's fun, and I love the sense of freedom. Seems random, but there's a reason I bring it up. I will buy all the necessary gear, wear it all the time, and make sure the bike is always running well. I plan on buying a bike that's too fast for a beginner like me, and my hope? Is that I can die on it without intentionally killing myself.  


So what am I here for? Nothing at all? When the only thing that kept me alive was a girl who no longer needs me, I think I'm simply living on borrowed time.  


That's me getting out my feelings. I actually just found this subreddit after looking up "I'm useless and I want to die" for some catharsis. I appreciate anyone reading, and I hope you all are doing well.