I plan on killing myself before my scheduled abortion.I can't do it. Not again. I won't do it again. 

I know. I know I should have been more responsible about my birth control. I just thought I had it all under control. A combination of Plan-B, tracking my cycles... The fact that my sexual partner kept telling me he wanted to stop having sex with me. I assumed he would leave before anything happened but here we are. 

I really wanted to have this baby. I just love my partner too much to screw up his life by forcing him to be a father before he's ready. I asked him if I could just go to my home country to have my baby. He said no. He wants to have a family with a wife he loves. He told me he doesn't want a family with me. That's fair. He doesn't want to be a relationship with me... Also fair. I don't want to be with me either. I think the whole year of him rejecting me has just started to pile up to intolerable levels. 

I've pretty much said goodbye to my family. It was my Mum's birthday this weekend and we had a really nice weekend together. I hope that can be a nice memory for them. 

I can't stand to be around myself anymore. I can't stand to see myself in the mirror or to see my body naked when I shower. I look like a monster. I look so ugly and disgusting and I just can't stand it. 
 
I guess I've just lost hope. I mean I've lost hope before, but there's always been a little spark of optimism to hold onto somewhere. Not this time. It's all just grey. I feel so numb; like a shadow of myself. I feel like I've already died and I don't understand how my body is still moving. I don't understand what entity is occupying my body, but its not me. I really want it out of there. 

I used to reach out for help; call the helplines, tell a friend... I just don't want to anymore. I don't think I have any friends left anyway. It's just so much easier to be alone and silent and pretend things are okay. So much easier to just sleep all day and let life dissolve around me. 

I can't find happiness anywhere. I don't know where it went. I don't think it will be back.