My years of mistakes are too much for me to recover from. I think I need someone to talk to?I don't know what to say without typing for days on end. I guess I'll just type.

I have five children. And a loving husband. I am a college graduate, I have a job. I feel so hopeless and completely underwater that there's no real way out from here, even though those first few things sound great. 

I love my husband, and my children with all of my heart. I've had trouble with depression off and on for awhile, but even when I'm feeling 'ok,' I don't think it's for very long that I can go without causing trouble or making someone upset. I have relied on my poor husband for so long (7 years) to be my support while also treating him like shit. He's tired of it. I don't blame him. I imagine leaving for good, my only regret being that I couldn't make people happy before I leave. I used to be an amazing mother, playdates, fun activities, care and attention, loving patience. Now I'm just cold and distant, sometimes seeing my beautiful daughter's face or watching my toddler learn new skills makes me incredibly happy but that happiness is beaten down with doubt and worry. I think about how wonderful my children are, and then a stab of guilt at having yelled at them the night before, or forgetting the invites for my son’s birthday, or not having enough time or attention to devote to each child comes to mind. I think… I don’t deserve this. I’ve had so many children that I cannot possibly and in any sane way keep up with them all and give them the love and support that they need. I feel so frustratingly and immensely guilty at having done this, made this bed for myself and this life for my family… I’ve created a life where there’s so much going on that no one has time for everything they need. 
Then there’s my husband. I’ve treated him very well, and in many ways have been a really great wife. I outshadow those nice things, and I mean really, really outshadow them, by always worrying that he’s going to leave and accusing him of cheating. I did this in a different way in the beginning of our relationship. Small dismissible lies from him turned into a huge deal for me and fueled my thoughts of him lying even more.  Then, I looked on his computer without his permission and found exactly what I was looking for – dating sites and messages to women dating back months, and often very graphic. I deserved this. He told me in fights that I deserved that, and then recounted that idea to tell me he didn’t mean it. I think I hurt more because I know deep down, I deserve much worse. 
I’ve let down everyone in my life that matters. I have had second, third, fourth, fifth chances and each and every time I allow my guilt and worry ruin it. I genuinely don’t feel like I’m a good enough person to be here. Thinking that makes me feel incredibly worse when I realize I have created a life in which a lot of people depend on me being someone worthy of being here. That is so, so selfish but I don’t know what to do. My husband often tells me that I just need to fix myself somehow, seek help, work on myself, talk to someone, correct my behavior. I have sought help, and a lot of it. Not as much as I should, I guess since I am still here typing this right now. 
My husband really believes I want this, he believes I care about nothing else but being sad. He told me I don’t care about my children, about him, about anything, just my sad, selfish, crazy, asshole self. He yelled at me that if I leave, whether moving out or leaving the world for good, that I am continuing to ruin everyone’s life by leaving him ‘holding the bag’ from all of my mistakes. He said there’s nothing in the world I can do to make him feel better about me ‘completely ruining’ his life. I see it in his eyes, he’s frustrated. He deserved someone that could be caring and attentive and instead he got me. I feel really bad that anyone had to know me, that I ruined so many people’s lives just by being here. 
He never seems to listen when I tell him that this isn’t what I want. I don’t think I will ever be able to get through to him, the fact that I don’t want this, I just want everyone to be happy and in my own circle of kindness, self doubt, loss of self worth and yelling at him for stupid things like spending time with a female friend, I kill that hope. I will start arguments about really stupid things, like a worry that he’s cheating or that I’ve been a terrible mom. The thing is, I know these things aren’t true. I don’t actually believe he’s cheating, or any of the stupid things I yell at him. The truth is, I don’t feel like I can handle my life. I can’t keep working full time, trying to keep up with the kids, trying to be a good wife, that I let the slightest infrequent thought “She’s probably worth more to him because he hasn’t seen her yell at the kids,” or “I’ve already made so many mistakes that no good thing I do will right them,” turn into a self doubt that I turn on my husband. He might never know that I don’t really want to split up, I don’t hate him, I don’t hate my family. I really hate myself. If I give it enough thought, I realize that I often push people away because if they hate me, it will be easier to leave for good knowing that some part of them knew I wasn’t worth it just like I do. 
I don’t know what I need here, I feel really overwhelmed. Real people have real issues and I’m sitting here feeling sorry for myself. I am a selfish person, and I don’t know what I can possibly do to make things better for my family. 
My husband just yelled at me that either I need to leave or he’s going to leave but when I went to leave he told me again about how I’m ruining his life by leaving him holding the bag, and about how I should have tried harder. But he also tells me I’m a shitty person if I stay, and that all that needs to happen is for me to be the sort of person that I should be, but that is impossible and a huge mountain to climb. I don’t know what to do.

