Survivor of a mother who committed suicide, survivor of a personal attempt as well.I was twelve years old when I found my mother's body. She had been going through a lot of life changes, moving out to be closer to me (where my dad was raising me), having trouble keeping a job, and not having a strong support system out here. She had dealt with depression and alcoholism for as long as I remember. She never sought therapy or any type of mental health. 

She was a beautiful and intelligent person who was well liked by so many people, but even the most popular of people have it rough. Especially when you become really good at hiding the pain because you're ashamed of it. 

Again, I was young and finding her body did a lot to me psychologically. I don't wish to go into gory details, but I will tell you that she had used pills and left a note. The note pretty much said she was tired of the pain and she felt like she had been drowning for so long and couldn't ask for help after she had asked for financial help so many times before. My dad was dropping me off for my weekend with mom when I found her. I had unlocked the door, saw her lying there (she had been there a few days so I knew right away there was no reviving her) and I ran out to catch my dad before he drove away. I cried a lot. I didn't understand a lot. They had therapists come talk to me and give me a teddy bear (ironically, my daughters favorite teddy bear now). They asked me if I wanted to talk to someone and I said yes, my 5th grade teacher. They contacted her and she came out and I talked to her as well. Everyone was really nice to me, I didn't really understand why. I was in a state of shock for a long time.

My father didn't know how to deal with the situation. He figured if he just swept this whole event under the rug and not talk about it, it would go away. I was never put in therapy or grief counselling. In fact, he refused to fly me out to my mothers funeral that was going to be in her home town. I resented him a lot for that then, but understand now that he didn't know what he was doing or how to deal with everything that happened. He just became super strict about school. I got grounded any time I got something lower than a "C". He would yell at me a lot about things, I felt like I was constantly fucking up and that I couldn't do anything right. I missed my mom horribly. She always accepted me and forgave my mistakes. I started having thoughts at 12 that if I didn't do well on a test then I would go home and kill myself so I wouldn't hear dad yell at me. 

One night I confronted my dad about what I was thinking and feeling and he told me that the only reason I was having these feelings was because my mom committed suicide and I wanted attention. He didn't take me seriously. He continued being very controlling and critical of me through my teen years, especially when he found out that I had sexual relations at 16 with my boyfriend. He made me break up with him and kept me on lock down in my house. 

Finally I came home one day and I was tired of the pain. I felt this constant pain in my chest and it hurt to breathe. I felt ashamed for even existing. I felt like I had a Frankenstein complex because if my creator/mother had abandon me like she did...what did that say about me? Why didn't she love me enough to stay alive and raise me? Why did she want to leave me forever? I went to my father's medicine cabinet and I started swallowing a bunch of pills and I drank it down with gin. 

Taking pills isn't quick. In the movies it seems they would take them and a few minutes later fall asleep and die. Not me. Shortly after I took them I started calling people/friends asking them how there day was and telling them I would see them tomorrow. I also wrote letters to everyone apologizing for my actions and telling them I loved them. I wrote a beautiful poem and taped it to my bed post about how I was just another girl, another teen, another daughter, another drama geek, another wanna be journalist, but I was also just another person who bleeds within. Then the vomiting started. It's an interesting feeling when you want to end your life so badly, but your survival instincts kick in and your body tries to save you. Things started hurting, so I ran upstairs and got my dads gun which I knew he kept in his bedside table. I got into the bathtub (I figured it would be easier clean up for those left behind) and I cocked the old revolver. I know nothing about guns. Nothing. It took everything I had to just cock it back (of course I was pretty intoxicated as well), and when it was cocked I thought to myself, "Well I have to kill myself now or I'll have to explain this to dad." I pulled the trigger. *click* It wasn't loaded. I didn't know where dad kept the bullets, nor did I have a clue how to load a gun. So I figured I would just wait the pills out. 

My dad came home early that day. When I heard him come inside and walk to the kitchen I followed him in there and said, "Dad, I think I need to go to the hospital. I swallowed a lot of pills and booze." He threw the unopened Diet Coke can in his hand at my head and screamed to get my insurance card and get into the damn car. I was bawling in the hospital waiting room. It didn't take them long to bring me back and have me swallow the charcoal. I kept throwing that up in a very violent way and that charcoal was leaking out of my nose and mouth. I looked like something out of a Nine Inch Nails music video. 

Through the whole ordeal my father was being negative. He left to go get dinner and a male nurse came in and talked to me. He asked me what was going on and why I had done it. I told him about how much pain I was in and how I couldn't deal. He said it was normal, especially being a teenage and my brain not being developed and dealing with chemical/hormonal overload. He said that things get dark and bad, but eventually they get better again. He said next time things get bad, just wait it out. It's hard, but so is anything that is worth while. 

Anyways, I was submitted to a mental institution and it wasn't very helpful. My dad refused to pay for me to be medicated or to see a therapist. I struggled a lot. Today, I am 28 years old and still alive. I've been through some heavy shit, I still think about suicide but I refuse to act upon it. Not because I think it cowardly, there is nothing cowardly about wanting to end being emotionally tortured. But I don't act on it because if I wait it out long enough it gets better. I still struggle greatly with loneliness. Its a big reason why I joined reddit. Life will always be a challenge, it will always be hard...but so is anything else that is worth it. 

You are not alone. You don't have to feel ashamed. You don't have to hurt yourself. We are all apart of this universe. We are all connected. You matter to this universe. You make a difference whether you see it or not. Don't hurt yourself because you can't cope, there are people out there that want to help you cope. They want to share their time with you and hear about you, your life, your loves, your interests. Okay? Reach out to people. I mean, literally, what else do you have to lose? 