There's no pointI don't understand why this is happening to me. I've always been a generally quiet person who never stuck my head where it didn't belong or intrude on anyone's business, but I feel as if I'm being punished like I was the devil himself in a past life.

There's no light in my life, no glimpse of enjoyment whatsoever and there really hasn't been any to begin with. I thought joining the military would be different, would help me become more confident and more outgoing, but it's all just more of the same.

I wake up, go to work, get back home, and do nothing but sulk until I go to bed, and start the cycle over. I went from being a depressed high school student to being a depressed military member in a little over a year. I found out a few months ago that my mom is sick with a few things physically and mentally and that she needs me to be there to take care of her. The only light in my life is suffering and I can't take care of her. I'm trying a few things to get stationed closer to her, but realistically I don't have much of a chance. The Air Force doesn't care about me, or my well being, or my family, they just care about the work I do.

I feel as if this is the route that I was destined to take for a while, but now I'm finally preparing for it. I can't see myself living to the end of next year, let alone to the end of my enlistment. There's no point if I'm gonna be in a state of misery the entire time. I can't talk to mental health about it because they'll put me in a suicide ward, I can't talk to chaplain's about it because it always ends up with them talking about religion, which is something I gave up a while ago.

Nobody to truly talk to about it. Nobody who probably cares anyways. I just want to stop feeling this way, even if it means to stop feeling everything. A few things that used to stop me from thinking about it was my family and how much it would hurt them, or all of the potential I have to become something, but it's getting a lot easier for me to disregard those things, and I feel as if sooner than later there's gonna be nothing that can dissuade me from going through with it. Looks like the only notable thing that'll happen in my life is that I'll add to the Air Force suicide statistic, and maybe then they'll start caring about their people more.