Today was the first time I could of died and been at peace with myself and now I'm almost regretting not taking the chance.Recently me and my girlfriend have had some relationship problems and she is not willing to work it out. We have almost lost the spark that we used to have and we are hating being with each other it seems. I have tried in so many ways to talk to her about it and she is not willing to help all she does is tell me how we don't talk enough in person. On 15 and we have one class together at school and its where I met her, we were happy to be with each other and we figured it would last but it seems it won't and that it will be over by tomorrow. We have gone on a few dates all to the movies which sucks and I didn't want it to be all at th movies but with her seeming to be busy all the time we can talk about it in person which I want to because o want to work to fix whatever the problem is. We are going to talk tomorrow after school and have a heart for heart about our feelings for each other and figure out if we want to be together anymore. Also my parents have been getting in more fights per usual and my dad usually ends up driving off in a rage and I don't see him for a few hours at a time. On top of all that I just moved across the country from Texas to Virginia leaving all my friends behind that I have had my entire life. The stress of going to a new school has been difficult and getting friends was rough even though I do have a few right now. Also before the move my cat that I have had since I was five was attacked by a pit bull and had her stomach ripped open and her ear partially ripped off, we took her to get surgery that was going to cost $2000 because we wanted to give her a fighting chance even though she was nearly 13. She seemed to be making progress and she seemed happier and we got to take her home. She then wasn't earring and didn't have energy so she would walk about five feet and then fall asleep again, she would sometimes pee on herself and it would start to iritate her stitches. We went to take her to get her stitches out and we told the gets that she wasn't eating and they ended up having to cut a hole in her neck so she could eat through a tube the surgery cost something like $700. Feeding her was a hassle and having to give her medicine through the tube wasn't easy either because she would throw up the food and once they do that they can't eat for another twelve hours. For the first two feedings she threw up and so she was almost starving herself, one morning before school my mom went to go feed her and she threw up again and died throwing up because her weak body couldnt take it anymore. We took her to the vet with her in my arms and I could not look at her face without crying. That had to be the worst day of my life, but we are now having to pay over $4000 for all the divert and meds and foods she had to take. I have more going on but I don't feel like talking more about it because it hurts me sometimes to talk about it quite frankly I am not sure about posting here.

 I have tried to kool myself secretly two times before once by cutting into my arm and cutting my chest hoping to bleed out at the age of 13, I then again tried to look myself by jumping off my roof of my one story house onto the concrete where I o broke my jaw and fractured my elbow at the age of 14.

Today I rode my longboard so I could relax and get my mind off of things that are going on, its my way to vent and skateboarding has been my way to vent for the last three years. So I start riding the hills going as fast as possible is residential neighborhoods and not caring about cars around me and just trying to relax myself but tension kept building up in me where I thought that I was willing to die right now. So I started riding through main roads going down hills in the street cutting through cars and not worrying about stop lights that might be there. I didn't care I thought if I die who would care because I'm just as worthless as I thought. I kept riding and nearly hitting cars. This is a real story and happened today I know most will believe and this doesn't confirm it for real bit this happened I was riding through a parking lot of a local shopping center and was hit by a mustang going maybe about 6 to 10 miles an hour and I feel back from my board and just sat there while the man proceeded to honk his horn at me to get up. I hit my board on his car and rode of through the shopping center only to be confronted by a cop who was telling me to get off the property because I was disturbing the peace. In those few instances I think I could of died and been happy. Right now I'm thinking about when I get home tomorrow to go ride and see if I can end it now. I don't have it as bad as most but suburban life can be bad if you feel like you haven't got a place to go anymore in this new strange place.