I'm gonna end this tomorrow morningI honestly don't know why I'm posting here, but I've browsed here for a long time on my regular account (this a throwaway). 

I'm a freshman in college and I'm completely exhausted of it all. I've failed to make any friends who care and failed to date anyone. This isn't really new for me, I've been depressed for years but I always put off suicide using the excuse "get to college and itll get better!"

Surprise. It didn't. I also used to think maybe I was just associating with the wrong people. Maybe I do deserve friends and relationships and all that. But I've spent a good deal of time over the past few months thinking and I've realized I only drain others and that's why I don't have friends anymore. I am such a negative, sad sack of shit. But it's more than that. Because I do realize no one wants to hang out with a depressing person, I try to be positive when I'm with others but I just find myself so... boring. God damn. I can't seem to make conversations go anywhere, I never contribute anything (jokes, anecdotes or whatever, literally anything). I don't have any skills that would be interesting. I don't have the adventurous spirit that make people swoon. I don't have anything to offer. 

At one point, I was doing pre-med classes, but I dropped it because I have zero interest in it. I joined finance, because I honestly love it, and probably get my kicks from the gambling part. But I know I won't succeed because I can't make connections and network to get jobs in the field. 

I think it's best said by somebody I read a long time ago. "Why don't you have friends? Think, would you hang out with you?" And I did think about that. And the answer is clear. I wouldn't hang out with me. I'm boring, negative, unfunny, uncharismatic, and unattractive. Why would I hang out with someone like that? Surprise, what could I possibly offer to anyone? I know I wouldn't hang out with me, and honestly I'm so tired of trying to be better. I no longer blame people when they forget to invite me along. I've spent forever trying but I'm pretty sure my own depression locks away any energy I could spend on improving myself. 

Because there's only so many times you can get rejected from parties, left out of activities, rejected by women, and still want to do better. I've tried. I really have. But I've gotten nowhere. What's the point? 

For the last month I've basically gone to class, gambled pointlessly on stocks, bought lottery tickets, and drank to sleep every day. I've quit going to parties, hanging out with friends, going to club meetings and the like. Partly involuntary because no one invites me anymore to pregames or parties and partly because I feel so unwelcome by my own mind ("Look at you, you literally ruin everyone else's night, get out of here and drink to sleep") I bought 4 dozen tickets for tonight. Naturally I won't win, but it's all that makes me feel like there's a glimmer of hope. 

I drove around trying to find a good place to hang myself but honestly I might do it in my house. I don't want to ruin my parents and crush them, but I can't live like I am so unwanted by the rest of society. It's crippling. I can't do this. 