In a few hours, I'll be gone. 

Context:

During last summer, I developed a sense of high anxiety around being in the company of young people/babies that I'd never had prior. This was a result of feeling intense distress over finding out that an ex teacher was a pedophile. I came to realize in March this year through research that this is called POCD, which provided me with a lot of relief because these intrusive thoughts - as well as a general hyper-awareness of keeping my hands in pockets - were killing me. I've come a long way since last April (when this all started), but one final thought is stopping me from doing anything to get better.

My brain tells me I should die and that I've betrayed my mother, women, Kurt Cobain, and myself. Seeing old photographs on the wall now make me disgusted, as though I've betrayed my entire previous 22 years, and don't deserve to live. I have Asperger's Syndrome as a well as clinical depression, and while I've never been formally diagnosed with OCD, I've always exhibited impulsive actions to soothe myself; especially in high school.

The Event:

In the late evening of Monday, 23rd September 2019 after having moved back into university halls of residence for my second year a week prior, I basically watched pornography for around about 2-4 hours intermittently when my depression was as its worst height. I'd already experienced false memories by this point, such as when I met a flatmate for the first time a few days prior; I shook her hand and smiled, and then literally minutes later, I was incredibly stressed as my brain had created this 'memory' that I'd somehow groped her.

Anyway, for that whole afternoon and night, I would go from grinding/humping against the bed (an awkward way of doing it that I developed when I was in my early teens) while watching Porn Hub on my phone, to then sitting up and watching random videos on YouTube.

(I remember most of that day as it had occurred earlier in the morning, and remember that I ate a Subway after university and watched an interview with sound engineer Steve Albini while eating. This was due to the fact that Nirvana had become a music staple to help with the depression; which is ironic).

The second to last video I watched was a video of Kurt Cobain and his 2 year old daughter, that appeared on the homepage after going back from Porn Hub and sitting up in bed again. At this point, I remember thinking that if I were to watch this video, I shouldn't watch another Porn Hub video afterwards, purely ''because this YouTube video had a baby in it'' - even though I knew deep down that the two videos were entirely separated by tabs on my phone, not to mention obviously by content. Nevertheless, I watched the interview video, scrolled through the comments and paused at a specific point then went back to Porn Hub, and only then did I kneel down to grind again, but with the Porn Hub video loaded.

Finally, I remember sitting up again and going back to the YouTube homepage and the first video shown was a slideshow of Cobain's daughter through the years and I remember feeling so much guilt for having watched the prior porn. The reason for this is that - as best as I can describe - seeing her (as a baby, the pinnacle of innocence) exemplified the essential humanity that we all have, including the adult performers in the Porn Hub videos. As a result, I felt heavy guilt (that I now realize to be misplaced) for being what I considered to be ''anti-feminist'', and an ''evil person''.

While lots of my female friends had reassured me before that ''everyone does it'' in addition to themselves, I just couldn't reconcile deeply held beliefs about feminism, despite my continued use of it. I don't want to judge anyone who watches it or to soapbox in any way, it's just for a long time I had felt that for me personally, I always felt like a fraud afterwards. Perhaps I overthink the morality of things, I don't know.

Like, even though the bodily fluid in my trousers was from watching pornography, my brain at the time immediately started to go into overload and overlap what would otherwise be two separate actions of watching YouTube then porn. I remember going to the sink afterwards, and dry-vomiting.

With regards to the actual first-person recollection of possibly staring at the video while humping the bed, I have no explicit sensory memory of this, nor of doing it to the point of ejaculation. The 'image' in my head is grainy at best. I wouldn't have been able to live with myself were this the opposite. No amount of starving myself to self-punish or anything would ever make the feelings of shame or extreme disgust leave, there'd be no doubt.

After leaving the bathroom and panicking a lot, I walked through it step-by-step, and eventually felt comfortable enough that I hadn’t done anything wrong and so I left it. This, as a general worry didn't reappear again till May 2020, with the rest of 2019 being spent going from day-to-day worries and false memories. I even felt happy and content on New Year's Day this year.

Surely, if I'd done this horrible thing, I wouldn't have been able to feel anything happy ever again?

At first, I wondered if I did do it, and I just repressed it, or I didn’t and actually it’s just my overactive imagination mixed with my anxiety. I know that in my heart I didn’t do anything wrong, as I had listened to Nirvana plenty of times afterwards, and didn’t feel pangs of guilt or shame that I know I would’ve if I’d done anything wrong. I've worked tirelessly to retrace my steps from the days afterwards, and all I remember are having different intrusive thoughts relative to the day, and not worry about this at all. I know that this would never have been 'blocked out', or forgotten.

Things have gotten better mildly. My first appointment with an OCD therapist is soon. I'm currently on the fourth day of taking a beta-blocker to regulate my heart-rate and blood pressure that helps ward off the panic attacks I have about it. I'm trying to sleep better, but sometimes the image creeps in too much. I'm due to get a new set of the anti-depressant mirtazipine soon, too. After doing some exposure therapy in public spaces on Thursday and Sunday where I was around families, my brain did in a way finally accept what I knew all along which is that I'm not attracted to youngsters, and I never will be; I kept thinking how cute - if annoying - kids are, and how childhood is so precious.

Later that day on Sunday, I suddenly 'realized' there is literally no way it could have happened;

A) I have no memory of it explicitly, and it would have never left me were it true.

B) The idea I could have 'buried' it is absurd, as my conscience is way too over-reactive for such a thing.

Finally, C) I had no desire to do that that night and as lewd-minded as I was, I would NEVER have crossed that line.

But even with that, it all feels like too much right now and I'm more suicidal than ever about this. I don't want to die over an image in my head, but is this a belated guilty conscience?

I worry that I might, out of a morbid curiosity, have done it. I remember faintly thinking how awful it would be to do it, and then - as far as I know - not doing it.

I've even re-watched the video to the video on my phone many times since September to try and imagine what it'd be like to actually contort myself into this position and so on, but I just can't imagine it, other than in abstraction, like I can imagine a flying pizza.

I'm having a lot of issue with separating this from real, tangible memories, and refuse to do it in reality just to prove myself wrong.

Please help, I just want to move on with life, but my head shouts at me not to. My mother is dying slowly, knowing how much pain I'm in, and I want to make her so proud of me in the future because I love her so much, but I feel like I ruined my life last September secretly and have kept it a secret from everyone, even myself.

I don't know what to do anymore.