Someone please read and tell me what they think. I need a lot of guidance.So in advance, I apologize for the very long post; I feel that every detail that I share is necessary for you guys to understand my situation more clearly. I am a 20-year-old male from the California that goes to a community college and lives with my parents. I feel like I'm a screw-up who has high hopes for a lot of things, but they end up getting crushed by reality. There are a lot of factors that play into this constant disappointment and dissatisfaction with life, but mainly it's because of me. I do feel like I have what it takes to change the world, but most of the time I end up acting very stupid. I have horrible social skills, bad attention span, lack of total common sense or logic, and so many other underlying issues within me that make me hate myself. I've thought of suicide a lot of times ever since I was younger when I used to be bullied for my thinking issues, and I try to ease these thoughts by assuring myself it doesn't lead anywhere and that I have a family that I love and need to take care of, but at the same time my life is so bleak when I sit and think about it. I would consider therapy and treatment (like for ADHD, Aspergers, anything...) here and there, but I'm not confident in making that decision, solely because of price, and I don't want my parents thinking I'm using a copout for my problems.

I think the external factor that plays in my sadness, is my father and my girlfriend, who are both VERY judgemental and condescending when it comes to my debacles and tumbles recently. My dad has always had set expectations so high for me it stresses me out, and every other day he points out something that I'm not doing right (e.g, not paying my own bills, not being financially stable, not being a 4.0 student with a good job, not cleaning the house), there's almost NEVER anytime he says that he's proud of me or positively pushes me towards anything. I'll try to do something that I feel is a good deed that he will notice, but there he goes pointing out something that I didn't do. As much as I understand he wants me to be a man, and that I know he wants the best for me and I love him, he's just so bitter for me, I know deep inside he thinks I'm a loser. Overtime, this has led me to make risky decisions and fabricate my grades, and lie to him about a lot of stuff. We've grown apart so much since my childhood, and everytime we are in the same house together I want to get out. It's just too much, and I'm too scared to even admit this to him because he will definitely take it the wrong way. I have also refrained from talking to other members of my family, for they don't know what problems I'm facing, I'm afraid word will eventually reach my father. My girlfriend is on the same boat, she loves me and cares for me, but she has called me "idiot, dumbass, retard" and a lot of other things in that nature. To the point I get yelled at for not doing things right.

I don't know, all I'm trying to say is, all my happiness and motivation is thinning to nothing. What if I am not the person I believe I am? What if I never get my life together. I don't know what's the next step to becoming an ordinary person that is independent and mentally capable of taking on life's challenges. I read motivational books and do brain training, and try everyhting I can think of to be a better person, but at the end of the day I'm the same person that can barely think for himself, is gullible, easily manipulated, and not able to be bold and prove everyone wrong.
