whats the point.im failing english. i have an essay due tommorow that i havent started and im overwhelemed from trying to start it. i didnt want and still dont want to do the work because im suicidal. if life doesnt matter why the fuck should i be so fucking worried about school.  all of my teachers are hounding me and i feel so fuckign lost.  now im trying to start a paper that should basically be done and im freaking out. i need to tell someone. i have told my mom i was suicidal and she did fucking nothing. of course she huged me and shit when i told her but has she done anything since then? bo. i keep asking for a therapist thta i know ill never get. i keep asking for change that will never happen. what the fuck is the point of trying anymore? some one better fucking tell me because this doesnt making any fucking sense to me. and why should teens be put under so much fucking stress in the first place? were teens!  were only fucking teens. god what the fuck am i doimg? the only thing thats been keeping me going is the thought of summer vacation and going places but at this point with my grades that might not happen. i might get kicked out cuz my grades are such shit. i wish i could just reset. i want to be somewhere else being someone else. i wish i was a fucking good person. i wish i wasnt so fucking shitty. i wish i was more social. i wish i had been more confident. i wish i had better mental health. i wish i didnt procrastinate so much. i wish my mom would help me instead of just make some god damn fake promis thats never gonna come true. i wish my teachers would just understand i struggle working from a computer. i wish i was happy and i was pretty and i was responsible. i wish i wasnt such a fucking dick. i wish i knew how to handle stress instead of just freaking out. i wish my mom actually helped with school stuff. i wish i had better parents. i wish i wasnt so fucking addixted to my god damned phone. i wish i wasnt addicted to tik tok. i wish my sleep schedual wasnt so messed up. i wish i had more will power. i wish i could be more open. i wish i could learn to handle my emotions. i wish my mom didnt like alcohal as much as she does. i wish all my problems could go away. i wish school was better. i wish i enjoyed my childhood more. i wish i could understand what i need but i never know what i need and thats scarry to me. i wish i can alwasy be happy. i wish iwas a kid again. i wish i was a better person. i wish ill stop saying i wont do this bad thing again and do it again. i wish i was a better person, student, and daughter.