I have changed, I tell people it's not a big deal, I tell people I will work through it, But I know I wont, I can't, and it scares the hell out of me.A bit ago I felt like I was the guy who could face and overcome any obstacle no matter what. The truth is I knew this day would come. I know how dead I am inside, how worthless I feel, I know how I look into a mirror, and hate what I see, I see everyone I've lost in my life.

I fight, and I fight for everyone I've cared about, but the truth is they don't need me, not like I need them. Perhaps I'm still that scared little boy, because nobody loved me enough as a child, I was clearly not the favorite, even when there was a fight they showed more concern for them than they ever did for me.

What do you want me to say, it doesn't matter, I don't matter. Some say they see a way out, they can see a light at this ugly ass tunnel, but I don't. It's over for me.

I can't save myself, everyone tries to fix it, but I keep dragging everyone down. So I'm not gonna beg. If it's my time, then it is my time.

I'm tired guys, I'm tired of this job, this life, this weight on my shoulders I'm tired of it. Am I gonna give up now? I mean am I just gonna lay down and wait to die, would it be so wrong to let it all end?

I don't want to fight no more, I'm tired of fighting. I don't need to feel like hell for failing myself, for failing everyone, like I fail every other godforsaken thing I care about, I don't need it. 

Perhaps I didn't deserve everything that was put onto me, maybe I don't deserve to die, but believe me when I say this, I have tried everything, everything, and I got one card left to play and I HAVE to play it. So maybe it will be okay, but It's not okay, good thing there's always a second way out, I can't lie to myself that I haven't been thinking about it. I tell myself that will never happen, but I know I can see it. Perhaps I'm wrong, maybe I'm wrong for wanting quit.

It's been almost 6 years since I last tried to kill myself, it's been over 5 years now since I last hurt myself. Since then I've done what only a few strong willed people are capable of, I've had many wonderful years since my last attempt. I knew the dark days would come again, I've been preparing for this day, I will fight until I can' fight no more, I will run more races, longer races and I will do harder obstacles, to will myself out of this route.