Escaping on foot or suicide? - A letter to my landlord.Unless something changes really soon, I plan on sending this letter to the landlord my family rents from:

Hello,
I'm permanently leaving today because of my mother's long-term failure to report our upstairs neighbor's inability to quit being harassing, obnoxious, and disrespectful since the first week he moved in. Over the past few years since then, I had been ordered to take multiple different medicines by a doctor for periods of time just to cope with the hell he has put me through and thus, my mother has spent countless dollars trying to remedy medical situations that can only seem to be resolved if he gets a reality check. I am a long-term unemployed college graduate mainly because of his uniquely natural abilities to keep me awake at night affecting my ability to think clearly among other forms of harassment. I need to say that even after he moved in, I was still in college for a little while longer. And what happened? After he moved in, my GPA kept going repeatedly downhill semester after semester after having a 4.0 GPA. I've lost romantic and job opportunities because of his disrespect. In other words, he's affected me academically, vocationally, emotionally, socially, romantically, psychologically, and physically in a negative manner. I would not be surprised if I am not the only one he's harassed and if I'm not the last. But he is not the only person. The entire building is loud and harassing, except for the newest neighbors, of course. But the rest should all be kicked out, including my mother. I deliberated for a very long time, after many days and nights of years from being driven to the brink of suicide hoping the harassment and abuse from both my neighbors and my mother would stop, on whether or not I should spend the last of my money moving far away into homelessness or simply ending my life, but I've finally made my decision and I'm now leaving voluntarily while leaving almost everything I own behind in my path to freedom. Becoming homeless seems better than living in a cage controlled by wild, psychotic animals that have a reason to be civilized. Hopefully I never have to encounter my neighbors, my mother, or anybody related to them ever again. I have moved out once before and I came back, but I will no longer be a resident at [name of complex] and I need you to take me off of the lease. I am returning the key now. You don't have to believe me, but I will be happy to stop existing as the prisoner of a multi-unit nuthouse.