Open Letter to Anyone HereI kinda wanted to post this here, for everybody. 
If you're here right now, I'm guessing life seems pretty terrible - to say the least. You are probably dealing with things that seem totally insurmountable. 

And who am I to tell you they're not? You're probably right, I probably don't know what's *really* going on with you. I haven't lived your life. 

But I get the *feeling.* The utter crushing feelings of hopelessness, despair, and loneliness. 
It's hard. There's no way around it. And usually, I wanted to punch people in the face for sugar-coating and giving me empty platitudes before. 

But what I can say to you, is that it's not *impossible.* It's not impossible to get better unless you're dead. Dead is forever. It's possible your situation isn't forever. It's possible that you can give yourself a fighting chance. 

What I'd suggest to you, is write down your biggest obstacles to joy in life. Write them down, objectively. 
Then, write down possible solutions for each one. Separate them by, short-term solutions, and long-term solutions. 
Short-term is anything you can achieve within the next 30 days. Long-term is anything over 30 days. What's possible to achieve fast, and how long will the long-term stuff realistically take?

Once you've done that, pick your top 3 solutions that you most want, and that are most achievable. And try. Give yourself a shot at getting better. After all, what's another few days, or weeks, when dead is forever?

And if you're very uncertain, if you're overwhelmed and cannot see a way forward, try the 3 day rule. I follow it, it's saved my life countless times. If you're *absolutely certain* you wish to die, give yourself 72 hours. If there's *nothing* that can shake you from your choice, then 72 hours shouldn't be anything, right?

But if you feel doubt, if you're not sure killing yourself is the right thing, then hold off. If you cannot reasonably believe for 72 hours that this decision is absolutely the correct one and you won't regret it, then you don't have the conviction for it - and you *shouldn't*.

If any part of you has doubt, then it's a good time to ask yourself if you've really exhausted *all* your options to getting better. Are there supplements you can buy that can help? 5-HTP is the precursor to serotonin. Paired with choline, and aniracetam, things like that have been a huge help for my brain without seeing a thousand doctors. 

It's possible. And until you're totally certain it's not possible to get better, death isn't worth the risk yet. Dead is forever. It's possible this situation is not. 

I tell myself this a lot, this may help you too I hope:

*"If I could be worth anything in the future, I am worth something now."*