Life is flipSHIT There is nothing that calms my mind nowadays. What I am experiencing I do not want to. I want it to stop so much so that I find myself contemplating suicide every now and then. I do not wish to die. But I wish I could forgive myself for what I have done to myself. Killing a future that I could have loved to live- I am sorry, I did not think it through, I am sorry I was under some sway I couldn’t control. I am tired now, I feel worthless, there is nothing I enjoy, there is no love, no life, no kick of dopamine. I want my brain to go numb. I do not feel sane. I am full of regrets. I feel helplessly hopeless. There are people around wanting to help me, I do not seem to care. There are things to be done, I cannot get myself to move. I have come to despise myself. Everything I write takes the voice of a suicide note. This is not one. This is just me, writing for myself, yet these words need to be comprehensible, I need to make sense. This ought to become a meaningful exercise.

I am unable to think anything else- I do not want to think about things I think about nowadays. Uncertainty, yes, I am uncertain about what will become of this life. I impatiently want to know, want to become- someone, something. I just want to keep typing, bring out all the miserable shit that I feel. Without any of the fuckshit this exercise won’t be anything. Now I just want to keep typing meaninglessly so that there is least something that I am doing, I can do. I do not, I am, I hate, I am tired of this I. I wish I knew better. I wish these little panic attacks go away. I wish I can enjoy life again. I truly wish I could get my love back in my life. None of this is happening at this moment. This exercise is doing nothing for me. I am tired of this negativity. Why am I like this? What have I become? Should I see a shrink? Have I gone mad? Help me oh random voice in my head, you’ve randomly appeared so many times to tell me shit, to make me feel that I can amount to something, or at least calm me. I am sorry for having destroyed everything you loved so much. I am sorry I killed your future. Please forgive me. Please take over this mind and this body, I do not want to end it. Please forgive me I beg you. Where are you? Say something.

I am sorry.

Goodnight.