Could it be that what plagues me are my real problems in disguise?I am on an ssri and I've been much better. I hadn't had panicattack in a month or so until last night. 

Last night was bad, I haven't been getting any decent amount of sleep all week and the one night I did go to bed at a good time I woke up suddenly at 630 am and couldn't remember anything. I am on lexapro so I shouldn't drink, but my friend has been bugging me to have a beer for ages so I gave in. Felt fine until I woke up the next day, felt dreamy after I woke up, pretty unpleasant not being able to remember going to bed. I later recalled everyhting but it still startled me.

Then last night I had one of the shitty panic attacks. Not the straightforward kind but one that makes the back of my neck/forehead burn and makes my gut feel awful for hours. I have conquered everyhting pretty much, but my mind makes up problems, last night I just felt like everything was kind of weird.

Now I am wondering if maybe my fake made up problems are something like my subconscious disguising the feelings about my real problems. I was arrested in April on campus, I thought I was going to get kicked out of housing, out of school, and not be able to transfer on plan to the school of my dreams. Everything turned out fine. None of that happened. I did get reaaaaally messed up from it for awhile, though. Everyday I would wake up and re-enact the arrest in my mind. Could I have PTSD? It makes me sick to think about the incident still, but it doesn't bother me too much.

Also, I'm pretty lonely. I'm in college, but my friends ignore me. I texted all of them to see if they wanted to go out to dinner like usual, not one of them responded. I texted my really good friend who goes to another school to make sure my phone was working, it was, they are just all ignoring me. Which is odd, because we had dinner last night, and I made all of them laugh for pretty much the entire meal. I have cried for help to a couple.  There's one friend who I tell all the time that I am thinking about suicide, having trouble, whatever. He just says "oh, okay." I don't think they believe me because I still make jokes. Humor is the only thing left really that I can enjoy, and I don't know what i want from them when I tell them about it, I just want to feel better.

But I am not suicidal over being lonely. In my mind, I feel so shit because my thinking is weird. For example, I was going to have a cigarette earlier, I usually enjoy them and I have maybe 1 every 3 months. I just asked myself "well why do you enjoy that," and that's kind of how things go. Nothing seems "real." I don't know how I would feel better, right now I feel like feeling good is a lie I tell myself and deep down nothing exists really, in a way. 

So could my "real" problems be the root of all this, and the "thinking" problems a veil that covers them?

I don't mean to sound insane. My thinking is in my own language mostly so I don't internally verbalize every feeling, so please don't let my description of my thoughts make you think I am delusional about reality, I mean "nothing exists," in a much more subtle way than the superficial meaning. 