I just can't shake this hatred of myselfThis, might be a long story. Sit in for the long haul to hear the twisted tale of a twisted boy.

I guess it all started when my parents got a divorce. My mother was a stripper who worked only weekends to pay my way through life. Nothing's better than having to tell all your friends at school that your mom is a stripper. Around 10th grade I got over it, and made it kinda a joke but I know the truth. My mother is someone 
who sold her body.

When I was a young boy, she fell in love with a drug lord. Rolling stones even did an article on this self-entitled "cannabis kid." I understand that weed isn't that bad of a drug, but to expose your 8 year old son to that environment is something I will never forgive her for. Sure, he went to prison for 12 years soon after they got together, but now he's out. She married him, and now she has another son with him. I still don't forgive him, and I won't forgive her. Yet, somehow, the entire family on her side has accepted him with open arms. I remember who he was. I remember how he used to scream at me and threaten me until I would sit in my room quietly just so that he could go fuck my mom.  

She emotionally abused me all 17 years I lived with her. Terrorized me. She would threaten me to do literally anything. All she did was sit in her room and smoke pot. I cleaned the house. I cleaned my room. I packed everything when we moved, which was almost every year. If I didn't, she'd take away my phone, my laptop, any connection to anyone I used as support during these times. My family on her side was completely wrapped around her finger. She'd cuss, she'd scream, and she'd throw stuff at anyone who genuinely agreed that she was mistreating me. I tried running away several times only to be answered with the same response. "Run away, and I'll call the police."

I was caught cutting at school once, CPS was called and I had a chance out, right? Wrong. My mother poisoned me. Told me lie after lie after lie until I was too terrified to tell the CPS agent the truth. My only escapes from her was the internet, my room, and school. I've been crippled emotionally by her, and others as I explain more. 

My father did the best he could with me for the time he got. He used to fight tooth and nail just to see me. Every summer I'd spend time with him. It was my only breaks, not from school, but from the hell at home. When I was 10 I think, I was told I would live with him for a year. I spent the summer with him and was enrolled in school there. Got a crush on a girl, and my cousin helped me write a poem for her which she loved. The very next day after that, my father was exposed for abusing pills. CPS sent me back to my mother. 

Here's where I start making stupid mistakes. At the end of my freshman year of high school, I couldn't take it anymore. My mother broke into my room forcibly and took my phone because I 'didn't' give someone a glass of milk. I fought back. We wrestled to the ground over this phone. I wouldn't be subjugated anymore. The next morning she sent me on a flight to my father's again, who was clean now. I didn't even get to say goodbye to my friends... Or the love of my life, Elaine.

Living with my Dad then wasn't so bad. Went to an alternative high school because I didn't keep up on my homework and was behind on credits. Made a few lifelong friends, who I still see from time to time. I had a great time. Well, that year the rule was reversed, and I had to spend the summer with my mom. I made a mistake that summer that will haunt me for the rest of my life and end this fairytale life I had with my father.

Elaine and I were catching up, and a stupid phrase from my stupid heart changed my life. I asked her if she would be my girlfriend, because I hadn't confessed my feelings for her yet. She responded that she would... if I lived there. I had to call my dad the next morning and leave him a tear filled message that I would not be coming home at the end of the summer. That broke my dad's heart and our relationship was never the same. I spent another year and a half with that woman, and, surprise surprise, Elaine and I didn't get together for another year.

We officially never got together, I suppose. Lots of hormone filled nights spending together during a "Trial period" we agreed to start because she was convinced by one of her friends to give me a shot. It was the best month of my life, but was simply that, a month long. I'm still recovering from the shock of her leaving me for her abusive ex boyfriend, who continued to abuse her for another year before she finally left him. Sometimes I wonder if I'm really any better than him, or if I truly am worse. I still love her dearly, and wholeheartedly. Too much, in fact.

I cannot hold another relationship since then. I've had women tell me they love me and broken up with them on the spot. I cannot bring myself to love anyone, not the way I loved her, not what I would consider 'true' love. My father was still begging me for the whole year and a half to come "home" to his house. I had to keep refusing and telling him no because I was a stupid boy in love with a stupid girl. Still, in love with a stupid girl.

Then, half way through my senior year, I saw the home stretch... Until my mother told me to get a haircut. This was an ongoing battle between her and I. I like my hair long, she likes it short. I was 18. I decided I can damn well decide how my hair looks. I'm an adult. She left me stranded in the middle of the city, and one of my friends from church had to skip dinner with his wife to take me home. I am still grateful that he was so gracious. When I got home, she told me that she would no longer would support me in any way, shape or form. We moved from Washington to Idaho so that she could be with her 'boyfriend' who just got out of prison. I was stranded. She told me come the very next day after graduation, I better have a place to live, because I wasn't welcome there.

The next day, after a teary phone call, my dad came over the mountains and got me. Thus began the last stage of my life. Through sheer luck in a program in my home town, I was able to graduate on time. I felt like the king of the world. Everyone was there, including my mom who was baked out of her mind. My grandfather was so proud of me, my uncle was proud of me, everyone was. When I tried to push the pride away because I simply struck dumb luck, they all told me that it was me who did it. Me who accomplished this big thing... that felt like nothing to me. School was far too easy, the only thing I didn't do was homework and that's why my grades plummeted. 

After that, I got a job as a busser at Olive Garden. Moved out a few months after that and lived with two, supremely shitty roommates. They were a married couple, one who smoked pot to calm a medical disorder and the other who was just, like, my mother. I endured their hell for about 7 months before I had to return to my dad with my tail between my legs. They also introduced me to a woman who has been tearing me apart ever since. 

Her name is Missy, and they hooked the two of us up. She looked so much like Elaine that all this pent up aggression and sadness I had melted away for the chance to have a pseudo-Elaine love me. She was pregnant from her boyfriend before me, but that didn't bother me. I had someone who loved me and who I thought I loved. That's all I ever wanted, was to be loved. Surely my mother was incapable of giving me that kind of affection, and my dad still wasn't the same after I turned my back on him for Elaine. Right around this time last year, she left me. But she never let go of the grip she had on me. Constantly pulling me in with lies of "I love you, but can't be with anyone right now" and then bringing random dudes to work with her on dinner dates when she knows I'm working. She'd let them kiss her, or drape their arms around her, or generally act like they'd been together for ever all while whispering in my ear that she loved me. 

I'm so scared of being alone that I believe her. I'm so desperate for love that I'm willing to throw myself at a brick wall at the drop of a hat over and over again just for the chance of someone telling me that they love me and meaning it. I feel like a dirty dishrag, used and abused and loving every second as long as I'm not put down.

Unfortunately, the real Elaine still has a much stronger psychological hold on me. I have three main best friends, Liz, Cj, and Elaine. Cj lives on my dad's side of the mountains near me, Liz and Elaine live on the other side where I grew up. I've come to Liz with my pain, with my confusion, and my anger about how Elaine treated me and, bless her heart, she tells me that my love is pure and that some day she just knows that Elaine will finally see that she loves me. It's a pipe dream I'm too desperate to ignore. Too hurt to reject. To stupid to push away because I need to be loved by someone, romantically. I feel like a failure as a man.

Now my dad and his wife are having a kid and they both... hate me. I spend all my time in my room because it's where my mother taught me that it's the only safe haven I have. My father comes downstairs and pounds on my door like he's the FBI demanding I come spend time with the family, or he'll kick me out. When I do come upstairs to spend time with them, they all pick on me, my dad, his wife, and her two kids, thoroughly lash me with words until I'm too broken and defeated to fight back. So I slink back to my room to lick my wounds until the cycle repeats and repeats with added intensity every time that he comes downstairs. I live my life in fear. My only escapes are my music and a novel that I most likely will never finish. 

I hate my job but it's the only escape I have from them. I hate my life but what else can I do? I'm starting to think that this monument of shit that is the horrid frightened human being that is me's only escape is to kill myself and just... end it. I don't know if god is real, but I know that the physical pains of hell will be only scratch on the emotional turmoil I experience every single day of my life. 

I'm a needy, codependent, horrid human being that has no place in this world, and that's truly how I feel about myself...