Should I feel bad sending a bunch of mean messages to this person?When I was 16, this senior 18, John took me out with his friends. We went to a party I blacked out. Him and two of his friends had sex with me. They called me a slut, gross and ugly after. They ignored me for a while. John kept hooking up with me. Before all that happened, he was helpful to me and would hang out with me after he would only have sex with me if he was drunk and ignore me the rest of the time. He would never want to talk to me only about sex.



He left for the military over the years he kept in contact with me and saw me when he came home sometimes. He would only want to talk to me about sex or photos. He cheated on his girlfriend with me (I didn't know they were dating). He would have sex with me and ignore me. I went on vacation once, and my phone broke. He sent me at least 30 messages and was mad I didn't respond. He always implied that I was attractive enough to fuck but not date.



He would also imply that I'm weird or annoying. When I was 17, I tried talking to him about trouble I was having at school. At first, he was sympathetic but then told me to speak to someone else. Because of what happened I was bullied in school, I tried to talk to him because I was lonely . After three years knowing him, he told me he wanted me for sex and nothing more.



That he felt no connection to me. It's been four years since all that, and I feel broken. He still tries to contact me trying to cheat on his girlfriend with me or see me again. I try to ignore him then he'll bombard me with texts it works to face time me. I moved away and didn't talk to anyone he knows. He still keeps photos of me and sends them to me, asking if I miss this. I feel so used and dirty. Something must be so wrong with me.



I blew up at him and blocked him finally. He was messaging me begging for pics, and he now lives with his girlfriend. I feel sick. He recently emailed me saying hey I called him a rapist, a waste of space, ugly, a coward, an awful person. I want this person to stop contacting me. I feel terrible. I haven't seen him for four years, but he still keeps original photos he took of me as a teenager. I thought he would have stopped when I blew up at him last time. He acts like I'm a bitch cause he says he's just like that and he's never done anything wrong to me.


Am I a mean person for sending these messages? Does that make me a bad person?


Tl;dr: the guy who took advantage of me as a teenager tries to contact me when he has a girlfriend, and I sent him a bunch of mean messages.