just a long ranti hate how i'm back here again, five years down the road and i still think the same thoughts andfeel the same emotions. i'm starting to think i'm mentally ill. but i cant bring myself to tell my mom. being 17 is such a tough age, i cant get an evaluation in confidentiality but i dont want to trouble the one who gave birth to me and struggles to raise me up everyday. i'm shitty enough already i dont want her shouldering more shit

lately going to school has been so tough. waking up has been difficult sometimes its a little less difficult maybe even manageable but i've noticed how hard it's been to drag myself out of bed simply because i see no purpose in doing so. what for? who for? and why? nothing no one no reason. school is so hard to get through, the overwhelming presence of everyone around me who are smarter and better than me makes me feel so so so small and insignificant. at this point, i'm just proud that i made it through 1 day of school this entire week but even then it was so fucking hard and i kept thinking about killing myself and ending it all. right there right then and i already feel myself distancing from everyone and acting different

but im not dead as much as i want to be. instead im sat here, with a mountain of work piling on me, expectations commitments responsibilities and an essay due. one hand holds the pen the other a suicide note. i've planned this all out. i'm so sick of this. i cant shoulder this alone and i cant turn to anyone no one seems to want to listen. god, im getting so bad so fast i hope i die 

i cant even turn to family, the people who are supposed to be there for me in all situations because reality is no one under this roof has felt happiness. being home drains the life out of me and i just want a happy family. why cant we support and love one another like other families? mom dad i want to be happy why do i feel like this? i'm so lost and confused and right now all im thinking abt is taking the final leap, and im not scared anymore.. i've felt this all before, ive thought this all before and this will happen again. when does it end? do i have to do it myself? because honestly, i will..i cant bear it

i'm so fucking tired, school is a pain in the ass, no one in my family cares because we're all equally suffering thanks dad ure a shitty person, and i wanna die



