My SO attempted last night, now I am unable to see him...advice?Last night while I was at work, my fiancé called me and said he did something dumb and that he was dying. He has been depressed the last month or so and is actively taking medicine/therapy to help. But I knew he wouldn't just say something like this, he is not the type to do things for attention or anything. I left work and stayed on the phone to keep him responsive until I got to his house. I walked in and he apparently had taken 100 generic sleeping pills, 10-15 Tylenol, and a few generic antihistamines along with tequila and rum. I called our neighbor (good friend) and then called 911. I wasn't allowed in the ambulance or in the room, so I had to leave. His mother is a doctor at this hospital. I went to go see him this morning and there was a sign on the door that you had to check with the nurses station before entering. They wouldn't allow me in the room. I would assume possibly his mom  has ordered that I am not allowed to see him, since she is a doctor here. my fiancé. So I know they are blaming me for this, his step brother told the neighbor that when he got home. That this had to have been caused by our relationship. I texted his mom and said could you please just give me an update? Thank you so much. And I have no reply. 

I have texted him but I can see he hasn't read them yet, I am pretty sure his step brother ended  up with his phone. I am terrified I will never see or talk to the love of my life again.

I sent him a text letting him know that I love him and that whatever will make this easier for him, I will respect that. If he feels we can't be together, that I would respect that. But I will always care for him and be there for him. etc. that I am so thankful he is in good hands and just to let me know when he has his phone and is feeling ok.


And I feel terrible that I am being the one to blame for his suicide attempt. I just want to see him and talk to him. It is getting harder as the day goes on, as I struggle with depression and anxiety myself (under control).

Any advice or words of encouragement? Or has anyone ever been in a similar situation?

Thanks guys, I am feeling rather shitty at this point today. I just want to talk to my fiancé and hold him. Thank whatever higher being he is alive. 

TL;DR: my fiancé attempted suicide last night, I called 911, he was placed in hospital where his mom is a doctor, she has restricted me from seeing him...is now blaming me 


Update: I am guessing his mother doctor is not who is not allowing me to see him, from information I have heard he is not allowed to see anyone, even family at this point. No access to his phone either. I was assuming the worst and victimizing myself for feeling like I was singled out in not seeing him. 