I just need to lay my thoughts somewhere...I can't cry... why can't I? Crying is so good... it takes away the pain... it reliefs the aching soul. The only time I feel like crying is when I'm walking in the rain... yea... I love rain... how much has it been since I couldn't cry anymore? 3 years? Sounds right... all this pain... all those thoughts overwhelming my mind. Why? I tried so hard... I really did... why have I ended up like this? I love my family at least... I hate those **! All talking behind my back like I can't hear them and then acting nice to me and simulating care for me... why do I have to pretend like them to care? Why be polite anymore? Why can't I help them? God, I want to help them... wish I could do more for my mom and dad to get along better... but they are too stupid to realise.. too stupid to have a honest and open talk about their problems and solve them... they are so selfish and ignorant... I don't wanna end up like that! I hate you, dad. Moving us to country-side because that's where you grew up... putting me to hard construction work even tho I was 13... now I have health problems, are you glad now? You built up your house on my back and you wouldn't even admit it. For 6 * years. I'm still too lazy and I don't care about your silly house. Of course I don't I **** hate you and I can't wait to go away asap. See you then crying 'coz I'm not visiting you anymore just like you do with your dad. I can't get a job because of you, I can't get a girlfriend unless I take one of those dumb girls in the village. I can't go out with my one best friend who was more to me than you ever was because you wanted to come here. I'm glad I decided to follow a faculty so when I finish it I will leave you alone, behind. Shit... Why do I hate the ones who made me? Am I going insane? Am I loosing my mind? Why don't I have succes at all in any way? Man... why can't I find anyone to love me as sick and as broken as I am? All I wanted was to care for the ones I love... to help them be happy and be happy through that. But they consumed me and drained my happiness and gave me back only hatred. I'm full of kindness for those I love... I'd do anything for them... stupid me... they don't care. Only I love them. They use me. I'm so much more full of hatred. I **** hate this world so cold. I gave everything I had for you, silly girl. I would still do. I never ever forced you to anything you wouldn't be comfortable with. I made sacrifices for you. I waited for you and stood by your side to get better for 4 full months day by day and you knew! You knew because I told you. You even say you appreciate it so much because I'm not like the others urging only for sex and sex. Yet you gave me hope for one week just to go back to him. Why do you play with me and my broken heart? Didn't you knew how I fell about you? Didn't you knew how you felt about me? Why do I still love her? Over and over I fall for her... she's so beautiful and smart and full of life... but still dumb. So dumb... and I love her smile so much. It eases the pain... I feel like floating on all of those bs when I'm with you... now I'm drowning again. Full of hate. Full of resentment. Full of this world. These fake and hypocrites. Everyone hates me. Everything is going bad. Why have I gone so far from God? I don't wanna be an ignorant God-centered person... but I still believe in him... he saved me from death several times... do you have a plan with me? Or I just avoided death to continue on suffering? Is this my job on this stupid world? To take away the pain from others and bear with it? But I'm not that strong... I'm breaking down... again. I'm lost and all alone... at least I have my friend... I dont know what I would've done without him... well I know... I would've killed myself long ago. Guess he just delayed it. Maybe not... maybe not today. I still owe him my life... I can't throw it up like that... I want to help him with his problems... I want to ease his pain... his suffering... he's like my brother. Who am I fooling? I won't kill myself because I'm too afraid to die. To be nonexistent. That feeling of not feeling nothing... ohh yea... I've thought about that countless nights... I can't even comprehend what death is like and I'm so scared of it... I wish I could die... I wish I would die... but I'll keep on living, I guess. I want rain... I need rain... I need to cry out of myself all this pain. It hurts from the heart to the neck... it's suffocating me. Another sleepless night all alone... hope. Maybe tomorrow I will find someone to help me feel better. A new reason to live. Someone who could make it alright. Someone I could exhaust myself to death to make happy, and still be happy with it. Not today... maybe tomorrow. But it won't. I've had this hope too many times. I guess I'm here just to suffer and see the world as it is unlike these passengers. Maybe it's better I'm poor... I would've surely went on drugs... not that I didn't try... I wish I could afford something more. To actually gift something to the few ones who matter... in return I'm just this fake-happy guy who cares for everyone and sacrifices what he has for others... I'm so sad... such a lost cause... I'm so miserable... I am and I will be. At least I'm feeling a bit better now...