Having a really hard timeCopying and pasting from a FB conversation with a friend because I really don't feel like retyping the whole thing. Sorry for the formatting and bad grammar, typing through tears isn't easy.

i’m really depressed and i’m feeling suicidal.
I can’t deal anymore 
I literately am sitting on the couch listening to my family talk about how much they hate me and how if I didn’t have kids I would be homeless right now. that if there were any other choice in the world that I wouldn’t be living here and they would cut me off completely
its been going on for a while but its getting progressively worse 
they obviously know I can hear them 
I've been doing everything I can to try and make them happy. I made deans list last semester. I’m working my ass off. nothing I do is good enough.
i had 2k saved up to put torwards getting a place. i asked for help paying for school, they told me no. had to spend all of my savings plus some to pay for summer semester. now they’re mad that i don’t have any money to put torwards moving out
i can’t afford to move out without a roommate anyways, and no one wants to move in with a single mom with two kidsz
i just don’t want to live anymore.
everyone hates me. i constantly feel alone. my mom is constantly screaming at me. I can’t find a way out. I feel like this is my only choice.
i seriously want to get up, walk into the kitchen where they’re all sitting and get a knife and slit my wrists
I've told my mom im having issues and all she ever says is that i need to stop being so overdramatic 
I’m going to continue to spiral
no, i don’t get any aid. I've paid for everything out of pocket so far 
i’m eligible according to my fafsa but tcc is screwing me over 
yeah. 4+k for the last two semesters 
I have no friends. my best friend just moved 16 hours away so i am completely alone. no one would even care if i was gone
I've been trying but i really don‘t know anyone and craigslist skeves me out
anyone that i talk to i’m always the one starting the conversation. no one ever reaches out to me
no one really cares
i talked to my brother about it and all he had to say was that i was being irresponsible.
They (my kids) wouldn’t know the difference. they always want to go with their dad, the never care about coming home to me. they spend more time with my family anyways, im constantly at school or work 
i really just want to take my car over the side of a bridge or off the side of a cliff or something. 
(Have you felt like this before?) 
i cant shake it at all.
when i was married and being abused. 
(What did you do then?) 
and in highschool because i was totally alone then
i ran away both times 
i cant now though
i have no where left to go 
and i don’t want to take them with me
im stuck and theres nothing i can do 
i have a hundred dollars to my name.
and 13000 in debt 
im falling apart now 
im so tired of being stong all the time. i have no one to lean on and i cant do this alone anymore 
no one in my family cares anymore. i honestly think they would be happy if i killed myself 
i dunno
im just so tired 
my mom dad and sister just left to walk the dog. im so tempted to let them come home to some gruesome scene
 
