I'm going to be waiting for a meeting with a counselor at my school, and I'm afraid of how it will go, if I even get a chance. I'm honestly concerned about what I might do if I can't fix my life tomorrow.Just as the title says, I'm going to be waiting to meet with a counselor about my ongoing academic probation and if I can't get any classes tomorrow, then I'm afraid I might kill myself.

This past semester I started off in 6 classes, most of them were known for being difficult. I withdrew from one of them, and bombed another due to a mental break down when my family learned of a life threatening diagnosis. This particular family member happens to be my main emotional support, but I refuse to unload this on them.

I had already been suffering from depression and anxiety, which did show in my grades the semesters before, but at the start of the semester I was doing fine. I was forcing myself to get some control over my life. This knocked me down, and I have only gotten worse.

I don't know why I'm writing this, especially right before bed; maybe so I can read it when I wake up I can say, "Okay, you got it out of you last night, now go out there and get your shit together." I'm hoping that's what happens, anyway.

Just in case I do take my life tomorrow, and my family somehow finds the one post I've made and not taken down out of sheer embarrassment, then I'm sorry. I'm sorry you wasted all that time and money on me and my education, because if I have killed myslef, that's all it amounted to being. A waste. I'm sorry for my lies. And to that emotional support-my mother, I'll just come out and say who it is-I'm sorry I won't be there to take care of you the way I always promised. But I feel like I can hardly take care of myself sometimes, and I would only make your final years miserable.

I'm sorry for the long winded post. The direction of my thoughts right now is just concerning me, and this is the only way I could think of to keep myself in check for the next 24 hours...