Feeling hopeless, againFor awhile I've always known that, unless chance throws something at me sooner, I'm going to die by my own hands. 

Maybe not soon. I'm still in high school. My life is full of artificial sources of happiness that keep me going through the day. Good grades on tests, high score on a video game, all things that don't mean shit once I graduate. Once you become an adult, no one is forced to be friends with you because you share the same class. 

I'm an extrovert, yet I have horrible social anxiety. Human company is the one thing I want in my life, but I can never find it because my anxiety brings me on the verge of panic just thinking about it. Job interviews, dating, basic daily life all seem out of reach because of it. 

I'm not talented at anything. I can ace tests because I have a knack for memorization. When it comes down to actual smarts, critical thinking or common sense, I fail every time. I'm boring, bland, uninvolved. Even if I had the courage to put myself out there, no one would want me.

It doesn't help that dysphoria plagues me too. With my anxiety, horrible social skills, and general shit personality I already knew it would be hard to find work or a wife. But being trans just puts the final nail in the coffin. It tanks my chance of getting hired, especially based on where I live. Finding someone who would actually love me, a miracle already, seems nearly impossible. I can't blame people for not wanting to date a trans person, they want a real man and I'll just never fit the bill. Speaking of that, my entire life is going to be filled with medical issues and bills because god only knows what these hormones I put into my body, in an attempt to feel at all normal, will actually do long term.

Maybe now but, in ten, twenty years, once I lose any friends I have now, once I'm stuck with some job that I hate, once I realize that I'm going to be alone, I'll snap and finally off myself. It'll be hard to desperatly hope for a better future once I'm actually living the future and everything is just worse.