My LifeWhen I was growing up, I lived in a normal suburban area. Went to school with kids I knew from preschool, up until 6th grade. Played hockey for 10 years (4-14), and I wanted to grow up to be a professional hockey player. My favorite team is the Colorado Avalanche. At 10 years old, I had an older brother who was dealing with ADHD, Bi-polar, and an explosive anger disorder. The neighborhood we moved to when I was 10 was pretty nice, it was close to the beach. Well, my brother would hang out with people who weren't so nice. They were the local gang members. The negative energy that he learned from them, he brought into the house. Which caused him to flip out even more. One night, we were all home, me, my 2 brothers, and my parents. My father was talking about my brothers new girlfriend, not so much of nice stuff was said. And so that pissed my brother off. And my oldest brother said something about it too. Well, thanks to my brothers explosive anger disorder, he swung at my oldest brother, and was threatening to hit me as well. But I managed to get out of the house, and just then, a neighbor spotted me, a 10 year old boy, sitting next to a tree on the other side of the street, crying. She asked me what happened, and I told her. So what she did was she called the police, and I got to see my brother get taken away in handcuffs. He went to juvie. And that one incident, is what caused me to get depressed, and over time, it hasn't been that great to me.  So, a couple years pass and when I was 13, I was at one of my many lowest points in life, I decided I was going to kill myself. The way I tried, was jumping off a really tall bridge that was in my area. The bridge went over some water, but me, being a dumb thirteen year old, thought the water was shallow, less than a foot deep. Well, I jumped, and took about 6 seconds to hit the water. Found out it was more like 4 feet deep, and so I survived. That was 12 years ago. And to this day, I still have thoughts about killing myself. They come and go every couple of days.

I just want to say, whatever it is that you are going through, know that you are not alone. We all have our bad days, but don't let that get to you. Just think of the positive things that you got in your life. Could be something big, could be something small, but just think about it.

Right now, I'm 25 years old, almost 26, still living with my parents (sad, I know), got a car, and a phone. I quit my job about 3 months ago, so all my money is gone. Been applying to new jobs before I even quit that last one. Haven't talked to my friends in those 3 months, and I regret doing that, because it means I am hurting people I care about. But I am still pushing through, trying to get a new job. The thoughts that I have of killing myself, they can last for days or even weeks. But I try to ignore them as best as I can. But days when I can't, I right them down in a Journal I've had for the last 2 years. It's a little black and white journal, that can fit in my back pocket. I kept it in my car every day when I was working, so I can vent the thoughts I was getting, while working, into that little journal.

So, here I sit, typing up this thread, a 25 year old man, who's practically got nothing going on for him, dealing with depression for the last 15 years. And all I can say is, you're not alone. If you have friends, vent to them. I'm sure at least one person will listen. I was lucky enough to have 4 of my closest friends listen. Doing so helped me with my depression. So trust me, it helps to just say whatever it is that is going through your head to your friends, and be able to get something back from them. The first 8 years of my depression, I had no one to vent to, my parents were always working, I was a looser in middle and high school, and had no friends. Until senior year came around, and I met people that were like me, who wanted to hear whatever it was that I had to say. And to this day, we're all still friends. And I am thankful for having them in my life, because if I didn't, I wouldn't be here right now typing this up. I would be either 6 feet under, cremated, or in some mental hospital. So trust me, getting it off your chest is much better than keeping it all balled up inside. So, thank you Reddit, for letting me vent my own feelings on this thread. Hopefully, someone will read it, and they will learn to vent their feelings, to make themselves feel a whole lot better, because typing this out, actually made me a little better. I still got a long way to go, but one day, I hope to have a happy future.