First time truly considering itMy girlfriend of two years left me after pushing for an open relationship with me refusing.  She is now talking to ten guys at once and proud of it.  I am not perfect too, since I cheated on her.

We broke up last week, but before that she caused some drama that tore me away from my family. She saw my neighbor's dog in a disheveled and poor shape, and wanted me to help take it away from them to help it. I objected but ended up helping her. She lives two hours away and I drove that flea ridden dog back to her place and she gave it away to a no kill shelter in town a day later.  The night we took it to her home my sister and family asked me why I did it when they found out from my other sister.  I tried defending her actions because I believed in what she did, but told them to direct their questions at my girlfriend since she was the one who wanted it.  They called her and told her to return it and she refused.  They called her an immoral thief and said they should call the police on her.  She hung up on them and told me. I told my family they were wrong and insulted a few and decided to cut all contact with them because of existing family issues.

Fast forward to now and I don't talk to any of them barring my mother, and every time I talk to my ex girlfriend we argue and she refuses to admit any fault for anything she's done.  She never seemed like a horrible person but I don't know if I can say that still.  She got on antidepressants less than a year ago and it seems like she's changed a lot.  It feels like the woman I loved for two years has been taken over by an impostor and my family is out of my life and I miss them and don't know how to get them back.

Writing it down makes these issues seem smaller but there are a lot of nuances to them all which make the whole thing slightly worse.  If I had my gun with me I would have done it already, but it is back home and I am at school.  I have been unsatisfied with my life in the professional sense and I am not happy with how my life will be in the future due to my career choice with which I am committed.

I appreciate anyone listening to this because I feel incredibly lonely and don't know anyone who i can speak to about these matters.  I am in my early twenties and I feel like I am as bad of a person as my ex girlfriend for reasons I don't want to divulge, so please don't insist that I'm not a bad guy