My WillI'm ending it today.

The only reason I'm writing this is because I found out while a good god exists for others, I am not even allowed to seek and therefore find, and since religion has been proven false in my life time, I need other conscious entities to process the words I am about to say.

I have been wanting to die for over four years, wanting, but not ready. The torture has been nonstop.

All my mind goes back to is the story of my life, which can't be explained, but this is basically the picture: I was always the introverted gamer who was taught to be a good christian, always turn the other cheek, always help out; an Empath. There were always people who threatened to beat the fuck out of me, that I'll end up alone, never get the girl I dream of, and won't ever be successful in what I want to accomplish, and out of my lifetime obedience to Christ's teachings, I forgave thousands of such hateful incidents towards me and did everything right.

I was truly a good person, and my reward was to always face rejection, aand never bee loved, by any woman I either desired or loved. To be always spat upon, treated like shit, physically assaulted, bullied my whole life, and little do people know, these people such as myself don't get the girl either, all I get is being called a stalker when I was physically a 9/10. I don't give a fuck anymore, I'm sick of the other options I never have aa desire for, but not only that... they never replace who stole my soul. I already did the "Get on top of someone else," or "Go to church," or "See a therapist," and none of it worked. 

There's no repayment the universe or god can make to me based on thee absolute injustice and hateful existence that was provided me, and there's no repayment for what the women have done to be who rejected me in the absolute worst ways possible that make all other types of rejection nothing in the course of history.

I tried to tell thee omniscient god my problems of constant intrusive thoughts and a minute-by-minute desire to commit suicide.

I've had enough, no god will listen, even if I "come to him," and I'm almost 30.

I can't really describe to you the betrayal my whole life has been, and how nothing can pay me back, aand how I've become too weak to even pay myself back or even try to get even.

There's no way to deal with this anymore, the trauma, the infinite torture, the lack of understanding of what I have been through and go through any day.

There are no words to tell you how much wrong you have done to me, and how miserable you made my life, aand how much you owe me god.

Good thing you aren't real, good thing no one cares.

Good thing no one will never know all of the combined pain I have endured.

Good thing you will never have to feel it, aand I will never have to feel it anymore, and there truly is nothing after fore me.

To hell with everything, aand this life time of maximal and endless suffering I acquired just for being a righteous and best person I could possibly be.

I gave it my all, I endured to thee end, and I've dealt with enough pain, even if you disagree.

I never want to remember what you have all done to me for the rest of eternity, and I no longer have to feel the dagger stabbing me in the heart every single second of every single day.

&amp;#x200B;

Signed,

\-Someone who took all the pain for you and who is now dead.