I don't know what to do, I'm a shitty person and no one talks to me anymore.I don't know if i am allowed to post here since i am underage, but i'm posting anyway. If i get banned, then i get banned.

I just don't know what to do anymore. My parents don't give one shit about me, my adoptive dad has outright said so, i'm a literal mistake,(adopted) so i shouldn't even fucking exist in the first place. I have a habit of getting really rude when i'm mad at somebody/somebodies, and i often go pretty personal. I did so with pretty much all of my friends while we were in a call about a month ago. I got frustrated with them over a thing that was my fault. I called them horrible names, told them to go die even though i was depressed and just insulted them in so many ways. now my friends don't talk to me. I don't blame them. no one talks to me now when i need support the most. And it's my fault.

 I haven't talked to anyone for close to a month now. I just can't deal with depression all alone and knowing I don't mean anything to anyone. I've tried to apologize to some of my friends but they just ignore me and I get it. In the past if someone has been sad and talked about it i've just called them attention whores. That's just the culture here in finland. but im still a shitty person for being a part of that culture. I just hate myself so much, i really shouldn't be alive. I'm not supposed to be alive in the first place, I'm literally a mistake. I just don't want to exist anymore. I hate myself and no one cares about me, I don't matter to anyone. There's just no reason to exist for me. I've already tried to commit suicide once, but that was a pretty weak attempt. I don't know how much longer I can take this, just knowing i'm not worth anything. I just know i'm going to try again some day soon. And then it'll be a more serious attempt.

I know i'm just another white teenage girl begging for attention. I know that, there's no need to point that out. I just can't go much longer getting 0 support from anyone. I dont know if i should even post here, but i just cant live without getting any attention or care from anyone, now that i need it so fucking much. I guess that does make me an attention whore. I even had school today, despite of corona. No one interacted with me. Well that isn't true, some guys from my class told me to show them my wrists. I guess that's better than nothing, or not. I dont know anymore.

Sorry if this post was too long or rambly. I just dont know what else to do.