I am at a really dark place right now, and I just want someone to talk toThe past few days I have been intensely thinking about killing myself.

It would be so easy. I have it all figured out. I just need to take the gun, steal the car, drive out to the fields in the middle of the night, and then do it. Or I could just take a kitchen knife and bleed out to death.  But in the end, it's all the same, I just want to die, so I wouldn't have to worry about anything anymore. All my struggles caused by my negative thoughts would go away. I want everything to go away, but I can't avoid the wretched reality I have landed myself in since I have allowed my emotions to overtake my life in the recent months. I feel like I have ruined my future. All that I have left waiting for me is failure, and no one can help me but myself but I can't see myself doing it anytime soon since I have already failed.

I feel like if I tell my family how I have been they will just blame me. Perhaps I deserve it, but I don't want to hear it. I don't think I can bear any more shame than I already have for myself.  I'd rather die before they say anything about the mess I have found myself in. I have considered telling friends, but in the end, all they'll say is some reassuring words and do nothing that would really help. If anything, they'll probably judge me for how pathetic I am.

I don't want to live but I don't want to die either. As enticing as death sounds, ending my life is still terrifying, but each day that fear subsides just a little and it's scaring me that one night I'll actually act upon it instead of just starving myself or locking myself away in my room to think and cry. That's why I am here now. I need help, and I refuse to get it from the people around me because I feel like all they will do is hurt me more. I don't know if that's true or not, but that's how I feel.  

Can someone please talk to me? Even just a little? I don't know what I am looking for. I just need something right now.