I don't know anymoreHello all,

I'm posting this because I really don't know what to do with my life anymore. I'm not really suicidal at the moment, but I certainly have been in recent months and I don't know how long I can keep on going. I have wanted desperately my entire life to be happy, but it's within the past 3 years (the first 2 when I was at graduate school) that I feel that I've come closer than I've ever been. Unsurprisingly, I wound up hating my time at school and am now more miserable than I've ever been. I can't even describe the feeling that I have, but I am sure that there are others on here that know what it's like. Every single day over the past year+ has been a nightmare for me. I wait and I wait and I wait to be happy, but I know that it's never coming. I have watched videos on depression and such and I guess that my situation can best be described as a case of situational depression. I have never sought medical attention for my case, but I have been happy in the past and have never really felt naturally depressed (I have always been sad, but my past experience is that I could be perfectly happy). At this point, though, I have nothing left. I believed that I would be happy at school because I met people (one person, in particular), with whom I thought that I would have lasting friendships. In the end, though, I wound up with absolutely nothing. This one particular girl (I am male) strung me along for 2 years and then, inexplicably, decided that she no longer wanted to hear from me or speak to me or, frankly, to even know that I exist. As far as I can tell, I am the only person she has even treated this way. After 2 years in which she had initially approached me, she just ran away (figuratively speaking) and decided that I did not deserve any sort of apology or explanation at all. It was completely heartbreaking for me because, even though she treated me shittier than anyone ever has in my life (it's a weird story), she also, at times, acted as though she cared strongly for me (and I for her). In the end, though, she didn't give a shit whatsoever about our friendship. I would have given anything to maintain any sort of contact after school, but I guess that I was not worthy of that. I went along with being treated like shit because I thought that there would be some benefit in the end, but there was absolutely nothing. I have been devastated beyond devastated as a result of this situation, but she never respected me whatsoever (and acted as such in many ways). To compound this situation, just this week one of my other "friends" from this school just inexplicably ended all contact with me and, although I believed that she and I would at some point become really good friends, our friendship is now completely dead. I feel just completely devastated. 

What really hurts me most of all in realizing over the past year (and now over the past week) that I completed wasted the past 3 years of my life trying to befriend people who would eventually turn their backs on me when I needed it most. It's not even that I completely blame other people for my situation. It's that I don't understand why people can tell me that they want to be friends (as in both of the situations already listed) and can refuse to make any real effort to make it a reality (and to ignore my efforts to do anything). I feel that I can no longer go on living because I am tired of people hurting me in this wish. It's that I expect life to be fair or anything. I understand just fine that it isn't. It's that I don't understand how two (and my other so-called friends were not any help, either) can be so inexplicably cruel. I put up with the shit from the first one because I believed that it would be ultimately worth it. Based on the fact that she came to me multiple times wanting to talk during the two years and based on the way that she used to act towards me during the good times, it makes no sense whatsoever that she would just, without offering any apology or explanation, just cut off all contact with me. It just isn't fucking fair and it makes no sense. 

I don't know what I will do now. I go around everyday feeling like I have a 1000-lb weight on my chest. I sleep and eat normally, but I have lost any zest for life that I had. I have always been a quiet and emotionless person, but I feel now that I have no hopes or dreams whatsoever. I graduated early from college and waited for months to begin graduate school. College was really disappointing for me (I thought that I would make friends there, but it didn't really happen), but I really believed that graduate school would be better and different. In the end, however, it end up being, by far, the worst experience of my life. I have never told people about this because if I did, it would simply defy logic. It made no sense whatsoever that two people who seemed to care about me so much would just break my heart in such a horrible way. I can't even say that I failed to make something happen with these people. I was not even given an opportunity and, as a result, suffer intensely from this most horrible depression. People often say that there are other fish and that you need to just keep on fighting, but I don't have any hopes or dreams and I really don't want to do it anymore. I wish the world that I could go back and fix what happened at that school, but everyone has moved on and completely left me behind. It was a humiliating experience and now I don't know what to do. I know that people will recommend that I get help, but the truth is that I don't want to feel better. Prior to attending this school, I was always sad, but felt that someday my life would turn around and I would be happy. I no longer feel this way at all and now I simply wait to die. I am constantly angry because I know that the two people in question are completely happy with their lives, but I suppose that that's just life. 

Anyway, sorry that this was so long. I certainly didn't expect to write so much and I hope I haven't bored you. 