I don't want to die but I don't want to live eitherI'm coming to this subreddit rather abruptdly

Hell, i dunno if this post will even stay up long enough for anyone to see

But, I've been drinking and ik if I don't post now I'll never post sober.

About a year ago from this time period I nearly committed suicide via prescription pills.

Whether it was because of my own mental instability or my unit looking down upon me (U.S. Army) I dunno.

They left on a deployment back in October-ish and left me behind.

A brokedick PFC with no deployments, no awards, no merit but completing OSUT on the verge of suicide, meanwhile my unit has NCO's who did multiple tours in Iraq and Afghanistan during the peak of the surge without any major mental malfunctions like me.

Since then I've been doing my best to get back on track. I stopped abusing pills, I stopped drinking, I was taking the gym seriously again (before the pandemic shut everything down), etc.

But my Squad Leaader puts out a text saying the unit will be back in roughly 2 weeks.

And what do I do as soon as I read the text? I fucking plow through half a bottle of Jack because I can't mentally cope with the idea of me still being around with them being back.

EBH tells me I got PTSD from my time with them. They're probably nolt wtrong iof I'm drinking myself stupid just from a text talking about them coming back but fuck. As an Infantryman that just sounds like Little Heart Syndrome more than anyhting. (I talked about this on /r/Veterans)

fuck

I don't want to die. Fighting - boxing/kickboxing/MMA is my life and was the only thing that stopped me from going through with suicide when my family, God, etc. wasn't enough. I've been working my ass off running, eating right, etc. to make a comeback.

But at the same time I don't want to be alive when they come back either.

I dunno. I'll probably regret hitting the "Post" button by the time tommorow morning when I'm sober, but I needed to get all this off my chest, and ik I can't tell anyone in my unit about this w/o them trying to report me to a suicide ward.

Thank you to any and all who wasted their time sifting through this shit. fuckin hell