Worried Girlfriend in need of some assistanceI am a f(19) and I'm worried about my boyfriend m(19). We are in a long distant relationship. I am not very familiar with depression. I have never really experienced it myself and I'm not very familiar with how to respond to depression or suicidal thoughts. For the past week I have notice a drastic change in my boyfriend's mood. Now he usually goes through depression phases every couple of months or so but usually I can help talk him out of it (or so I think). For the past week I've had my boyfriend record instances where he's felt like breaking down and crying. I have a week full of emails of him wanting to break down and cry. I try to encourage him and make him feel like the man I know he is but he just refuses to hear it. He constantly puts himself down and its come to the point where he think he doesn't deserve me. I constantly have to tell him I don't want anyone else but he refuses to listen. Yesterday took a turn for the worst. Yesterday morning he told me he was feeling distant from me. We are fairly busy with work all week and so I tried to explain that is why its been hard. We got in a lot of arguements because we both spend our weekends together instead of going out. So we both try to schedule activities with friends but something comes up and the other one is left to waiting around with nothing to do. And Lastly last night by boyfriend told me that he was staying with friends only because he didn't trust himself by himself. He even stated that their was a off duty EMT there. I have never seem him this down and I'm scared to try and help because I don't want to say the wrong thing and then my best friend is gone from existence and I don't think I can handle that in the state I'm in. I've tried informing his family and encouraging him to find some help but he hasn't and I'm scared of whats to happen. So if anyone could please help out I would really appreciate it. I'm so lost and distraught and I don't know what to do to help and it scares me. 