I've never felt appreciatedPlease help.  Please.

Never felt acknowledged by the opposite gender, half the US population, since 1st grade.   For friendship or romance.  It's fucked me up so bad, I'm now in an outpatient mental institution and addicted to a psych medication feeling suicidal.  I can't talk about it in the outpatient facility because it's 30 women and me in group sessions and I feel like I'd just weird them out. I just want to end it, I'm now 26, you are going to say that's young and I have to "be myself" and wait more, I've done that for 13 years straight.  I see 30 something year old men get that same advice on forums.
I need help.
Half the US population has *always* ignored me, with the exception of much older women.  Girls have never, ever reached out to be my friend.  And, until my mid 20s, never even made an effort to talk to me.  I don't feel like I treat girls extra-nice or weird or in any way that I don't treat guys.  The only times girls definitely smiled at me in a confrontational way was when they would catch me going for a jog/run/skateboarding.  But it's obvious that I'm passing them, focused on something else.  In regular social situations, I never get that out of the blue.  Now my fatigue from depression is so severe I can hardly make it through the day without passing out, more or less exercise (but I try).

In elementary school the girls and guys separated (cooties?), but still some kids hit it off.  At this time, no girls ever talked to me, ever, except the least attractive girl in the class who went out of her way to tell me she wasn't attracted to me out of nowhere.

In 7-8th grade, there was like, one guy who had success with girls, and all the other guys in the small Catholic school I went to just were single, some single and miserable.  More girls were dating than guys, but they weren't dating anyone I was friends with.

In High School, girls were separated from guys at my school, more guys had luck with girls, but more than half of the guys in my class either never had a date or .

By college, I started going into a deep depression.  The same patterns were continuing. A doctor diagnosed me with social anxiety disorder, which explains why I didn't approach many girls, but it doesn't completely explain why I am ignored so much relative to other guys I know.  I know girls like to be chased in general, instead of the other way around, but by age 26, all but one of my other socially anxious male friends have had success with women.

Recently I paid 1 prostitute to take my virginity, another to be fake-"romantically" intimate with me, and another to hang out with me to see what I'm missing.  And I'm missing a lot!  There's a reason why every day we're all bombarded with  songs and movies that hinge on intimacy.

There's something irreperably wrong with me.  But no one wants to talk about it to me, even though they must be weirded out that I've never dated.  It's an elephant in the room that even my therapists will never touch!  They just think I'm fine as long as I have a job.  But I'm not fine!