Thinking with the idea of suicide.So basically my life has taken a turn, medically and psychologically. I won't go into it too much but basically I had a breakdown, the worst I have ever had in my entire life. Since then I can't enjoy life, I can't see the silver lining about what's happened to me medically (If it goes away). I just don't know what to think or feel. I miss laughing, I miss the way things the way they where, I miss me in general. I just am completely heart broken about when the way things have gone. I would look at old photos of myself laughing, smiling, having a good time with the friends I love and it makes me cry. I have said to myself out loud when looking at them "Back when I was normal". I just don't know what to do anymore, the only catharsis I have currently is drinking heavily. Not the smartest idea I know it just takes the pain away in consuming in excessive amounts, forgetting about things for awhile. I have strong suicidal thoughts sometimes, recently I fashioned a noose to see if I could make one. I'm not entirely sure why I done it, I cannot describe it at all. It was like I was on auto-pilot with the intention to see if I could make one. It does disturb me to a degree, and hurts me too. I know I need help, I'ts just trying to figure out how I figure things out, and how I cope. So, that's why I am thinking about it really.

&amp;#x200B;

There's not much to tell about me really I'm 21, Irish, and from a city called Belfast in the North of Ireland. where suicide is rampant, we are technically in the UK (don't ask why it's long, complicated, and bloody. just google "The Troubles") We have the highest suicide rate out of the rest of Ireland, England, Scotland, and Wales. Also we have the most underfunded mental health service in the UK. Highest PTSD rate in Europe out of 30 nations. It's a recipe for sheer undiluted disaster, It disgust's me. We don't have an active government (Again google it). It seems like there is no hope for living here, we get a lot of tourists which is the only good thing really, because of Game Of Thrones, and in general wanting to see Ireland. which is the only nice thing to see really.