Losing the ability to see any positive aspects in life. I need to vent.I've struggled with suicidal ideation since I was 12. I'm 28 &amp; I'm diagnosed with PTSD &amp; Bipolar 2. I've had 2 hospitalizations and the last one left me in the ICU for about a week. It's the closest I've ever been to completion. Up until recently I was so happy it didn't work. So thankful for my life. I have spent years upon years in therapy training myself to think about the other side of the suicidal thinking and depression. 

The quarantine, the social/political climate, and the internet brings about a whole new level of sorrow that I thought I was ready for, but I'm not. I was starting a business and just getting it off the ground, I had plans to start a family this year, travel out of the country, road trip. So. Many. Plans. When I first was quarantined I quit my day job because they weren't being safe and I have immunocompromised loved ones. They paid me for a while but can't any longer. I quit so I didn't get unemployment. My husband says he doesn't resent me for now having to be the main bill payer, but I feel so inadequate and I don't know my place. I can't get a callback for a job. I can't afford therapy without my job, and I wasn't resonating with my therapist on the current events at all. This breaks my heart because I've seen him for 3 years and he has changed my life and helped me so much and I hate feeling like he thinks my reaction to the world is wrong. He's sort of a mentor? I don't want to work. I don't want to talk to anyone for fear I'll piss everyone off or lose friends for being stupid. I can barely clean the house because my anxiety and mental health is overwhelming me.  

If I am not bringing money to the table I feel like I'm bringing nothing to the table. I don't think I can have kids anymore because we are already fairly poor and I have no idea what kind of recession/depression lies ahead of me. The world is insane. Everyone thinks they have the answers and I'm so sick of everyone's ego and self-righteousness. Every time I get online I see nothing but hate hate hate from all directions. I try to be an "ally" and I get told I'm a worthless piece of shit for doing it incorrectly. I can't help if I'm ignorant. I'm trying not to be! I have PTSD from an abusive childhood and I am triggered daily by the shit I see online and people lashing out because they have no coping skills. I wanted to help initially but being constantly attacked means I spend a lot of time doctoring those mental wounds and not being able to help. 

I am no contact with my bio family because they are abusive. I have been integrated fairly well into my husband's family, but there's just nothing that compares to the comfort of your own family.  My husband's family is all logic and no emotion, so I don't feel completely understood. My mom is borderline and always made me feel guilty asking for help or expressing my feelings or she would use the things I told her to hurt me, so I have a really hard time confiding in people and being vulnerable. Often I will make a post on Instagram stories that's like "I want to die ahhhh" rather than reach out to someone because I'm afraid of burdening everyone. And when I feel someone put up a boundary with me my brain is like "LOOK WHAT YOU DID!!!!! YOU DUMB BITCH!!!" Usually I do better at holding off the negative inner voice but lately it's winning and making me feel worthless. 

I thought I was living to run a small bakery, work on a counseling degree, have a family, move to the beach, and enjoy my life. Not without struggle obviously, but the time we are living in is so hard to be positive through. I feel like the bad guys are constantly winning. I don't know what to do or what to look forward to because there is no certainty and the things that gave me a sense of self worth (socialization and baking business) have been ripped away from me. The vacations I grind away for were taken from me. I don't understand the point of life if all it is is suffering. I don't understand the "lessons" that are to be learned from this shit. I hate to say it but I look back on that time in the ICU lately and question why in the hell I made it out. Why did I survive? For fucking what, man?