I'm getting sick of this whole "existing" thing.Dear Reddit, I'm sorry. I don't fucking care anymore, about humanity, about myself. Existence is pain, life is pain, everything hurts. What point is there living if we're all just gonna die in the end? 

I've made some real horrible mistakes. I can never be forgiven, and I want to send these sins to the grave, because I know that if I live there's nothing for me in life.

I'm miserable, frustrated, I have intrusive thoughts every minute of every hour of every day, of very violent things and I can't take it anymore. I don't feel anymore, no more joy, no more sadness, it's all gone. The me that used to be in me has died, all I am now is just a husk of the person I used to be.

To be honest, I don't want to *die,* as odd as that may sound, I just don't want to exist anymore, I want everyone to forget about who I am, because I'm a disgusting, ugly, evil monster who deserves to die, I don't even deserve room in the consciousness of others, I take up space.

I've never talked about this before because I was afraid about what people would say, about how my friends and family would react because of this, but I don't care anymore. I was sexually assaulted by my cousin when I was about 9 and he was about 14. I remember it very clearly. He groped me, kissed me, and the whole time I had no idea what he was doing. I just went along with it because I thought, he's older and he's doing it, I probably shouldn't had stopped him. If it wasn't for a family member calling out for him, I believe I would have been fully raped. I don't intend on telling anyone about this irl, because he was young, and, like me in that situation, he probably didn't know what he was doing either.

This event has fucked up my future relationships with others, I had a very unclear and distorted view on what love meant, I believe mostly in part to that molestation. I feel marked for life from what he did that night.

And now, in the end, I'm going to most likely die alone. No one will love me, because no one wants to love a freak like me.