I don't understand the point.Hi, everyone. This will be long and depressing, but I guess I need to just get it out, yeah? Like sucking poison from a wound or something. 

I'm having trouble seeing the point lately. I'm 20. I can remember being depressed as early as 12, possibly 11. I don't want to foist any blame on my parents or family, here. I haven't been hit or abused or anything. It's been...hard, sometimes. My family can be hard to be around. But you can't help what you love. They're probably why I'm still here. But I don't understand why I've done that now, either.

Every day, I hear about people dying. People suffering. Not just in Paris, or the U.S., or places where people give a damn, but places where nobody cares and everyone looks away. I don't know how to compartmentalize that. Millions of people who will always been mourning that person that was torn away from them. Millions of people who are suffering more than I ever have. I don't know how to make all of these thoughts of suffering go away. All I can say to make myself stand it is that it doesn't matter anyway, everyone that remembers it will be gone soon. 

In probably 10 years, maybe less or maybe more, I will be losing my parents. If both of us die of old age, I will probably watch my brother die, too. In 100 years, I will be dead, and so will everyone I love. The thought of my parents dying gives me panic attacks. Literal panic attacks. I am all alone, with no friends. 

I go back and forth. Would it be selfish to kill myself? Maybe. Probably. They'd probably be better off. I have some money. We're having money troubles, so it'd pay my parent's bills. I am a total drag, annoyance, and bore. I am a financial as well as physical burden. I think, if I were gone, my parents would sell their house and maybe go on an adventure. I think it would be good for them.

If I'm on the other side...I'm selfish. Terrible. But, for once, I want to be selfish. This pain inside of me is like smoke, I can't catch it. I woke up on Tuesday morning and thought about driving to the reservoir and just...ending it. I don't understand proportional responses anymore. Either I'm crying or miles away from it all. I try to act cheerful, happy. Everybody knows me as the funny one. There could never be anything wrong.

I think this is getting off track. All I'm saying is...I want to be selfish. What does it even matter? They'll be dead soon. We'll all be dead. What does it matter at all? I don't believe in God or Heaven or Hell. We're just some random bits of life that are made to reproduce, and I will never do that. I cannot burden potential children with my mental illness and genetics. I just can't.

I hope this isn't too long and boring. Maybe you won't read it, and you'll be better off. But...really, I don't see how any of this matters. If I'm selfish, I'm selfish. At least I'll have exactly what I want, right? And if I'm not selfish, I'm a hero for setting them free. Like the Metamorphosis, the Kafka story. I think I'm the cockroach, here. 