No where to turn anymoreThis might be a bit of a ramble but, to cut the story short, I’m 17, in my final year of school (UK) before I go to university and I just feel terrible. I’ll attempt to break down what’s made me feel like this but idk. 

I’m currently just living life with no direction and no idea where it’s gonna take me. Without going into too many horrible details, I had a messed up childhood - was physically and emotionally abused a lot by my mum over anything, mostly stupid tiny things and academics. Ended up in a girls’ grammar school where I thrived for a fairly long time, everything was going alright for some time, even though the abuse from my mum was still going on for a while. I guess I was a much stronger person back then and managed to learn how to keep living this double life and just be this completely different, happy person at school whilst coming home later on and just having abuse hurled at me. I made a fair amount of friends, had one very close friend and was also someone who got quite high grades and performed well academically. Essentially, I was generally able to live something close to a normal and enjoyable life. 

Then, around 2 years ago before my GCSEs, I crashed and burned. I started self destructing in Y11 after falling into a depressive cycle and started cutting myself off from my then friendship group. I’d no longer sit with them at lunch, my behaviour became a lot more impulsive and erratic, started doing my own thing, tried to keep myself busy to detract from the fact that I was hurting badly inside and I just preferred my own company all of the time. Then, a couple of months before my exams, I hit a new sorta low and all of the coping mechanisms I’d learned had just completely gone out of the window. I had nowhere to go, just trapped in my own head and eventually was just forced to talk to someone. Somehow, I ended up with decent GCSE grades still but I knew I wouldn’t be able to keep that up for A-Level.

Y12 came and I found myself a little dis-oriented. Ended up joining a completely different friendship group, didn’t feel like myself at all. Pretended to be someone I wasn’t. Ended up in a relationship with a girl who ended up messing me up a bit. Grades kinda plummeted. Still depressed as hell but managed to put on this facade that I was alright by acting like the fool in the friendship group, allowing myself to become the butt of all jokes, not really caring about much anymore. Y13 came, ended up breaking up with my ex. (Wasn’t the best of break ups. We became very distant in the summer. Tried to ask her if  we could talk via WhatsApp, she read the message and didn’t reply. Ended up asking her, then she just told me she didn’t like me anymore with almost a smile on her face. Told me she had been ignoring me for weeks so there was that. Kinda fucked me up emotionally).

My current friendship group also causes me a lot of problems. I don’t feel I always belong. There’s a clear divide within it, the tension is noticeable whenever I sit down in the area. It’s a toxic environment sometimes and definitely one that doesn’t do me any good. Surely, it shouldn’t get to me that much, but it does and I wish I could always be doing my own thing and just focus on work all of the time, but I’ve also learned that’s just a sad existence. 

I feel like I have no where to turn to, no one who really cares sometimes. A big problem is also just the fact that my childhood has caused me to become so very emotionally repressed, unable and too fearful to become close to anyone again. I just always feel like a giant burden on my friends, scared of ever truly being myself around them, in fear of what I do being laughed at, trivialised or mocked. The way I act around them, I just always feel like I’m bringing them down, yet I always have the notion that they don’t really care. They tell me that I always look really depressed recently and I just don’t care enough to really respond or do something about it. I ended up blocking them all on WhatsApp in a moment of irrational fear regarding getting close and forming meaningful friendships. I don’t really want them to know me while I’m going through whatever I am. I don’t want them to worry about things I should be worrying about. This weekend was the weekend I was planning on hanging myself really. I can’t afford therapy, my mum won’t pay, she doesn’t understand that I’m capable of even feeling like this. I’m just stuck with no where to go even though some part of me, deep down wants to get better. 

This is probably the vaguest explanation of my problems right now, if I tried to go into detail I’d be here all day. 

TL;DR: Very emotionally broken, very tired. Have given up. Dodge my emotions. Just leading a very lonely existence at this point and waiting for the right moment to kill myself. 