Is it time to go?Well as much as I like life, I'm going to have admit it. This might be the one point where I just need to say fuck it and give up. 

I'm 22 and I've worked as a software engineer for 4 years. Then I realized I want to be an artist. After a while I realized design is more commercially viable so I started creating web-sites as well as studying art. But now I just realize my artistic skill is shit. I can't design, I can't draw, I've been practicing for more than a year and now it's just like a short fat white guy trying to play basketball. Really just time to give up. I don't have any natural talent and it's fucking pointless. I'm crazy. I was probably manic when I decided 'art' is even a good idea to be doing in life. Fuck.

But the thing is, IT is just not where I want to be. Every software company treats their employees like slaves. And I just feel miserable working long hours because I fucking hate coding.

I don't have a girlfriend and with my attitude I doubt I'll ever find one. I'm addicted to opiates and nicotine. I weigh very little and am constantly stressed about my weight -- whether I'm fat or deathly skinny. I live in my parents' house and have to constantly hide my addiction, and if they find out they'll probably kick me out making me homeless. Hopefully then I'll just freeze to death.

So there is just nothing for me to do in this world. I feel miserable whenever I'm not high. I probably have mental illnesses too.

I just don't fit in, I feel very bad, and I want to restart the game. I don't understand why I shouldn't and I'll probably do it because there is just no way this will end well and I don't want to be there when shit *really hits the fan*. 

It feels like shit right now (most of the time) and it'll feel like hell in five years. I just can't live calmly knowing I am facing a life of hell.

I really think if I jump off a bridge into a highway, that's a sure-way to go. The jump itself will injure me, and there's a safety net of getting hit by cars going 60mph+. If I make sure to snort enough heroin before I jump, I won't even feel any pain. Sounds awesome, honestly. 

I almost did it but I couldn't force myself to jump. Something stopped me, I don't know what. Fuck, see, I can't even kill myself -- this is what a loser I am.

And I fucking hate this state. I won't say where it is because of self-incrimination, just that it's somewhere in the east of US.
