[UPDATE] Hollow freindships making me wish for a hollow bullet through the brain.Hi it's been 10 months or so since I made my account and posted here and idk I have no one else so I'm posting here. 

You know how even if your ugly as fuck a.k.a me but your funny you still. Have a chance because you can make them laugh. That's me I'm a funny guy in a dark self deprecating way but I can be normal funny. I also have no friends I hang out with this group of kids but we aren't freinds they're an odd number so I end up with them in pairs. Anyway I'm a techie so people ask for help guys offer to hook me up with girls and girls flirt with me. I feel like it's worse and worse that these girls flirt with me because I'm happy to do it without any reason I enjoy tech anyway. There are some girls that wanna learn about tech and I'll be help them and they're cute and shy and I fall for them because we end up spending time together then I'll ask them out and after a few dates they find out about my previous attempts and self harming and all that on like the third date and then leave me. There was one girl who really did like me she lived closeby and she knew about all my dark parts and was cute and loved tech and because of all this I thought she was using me and freaked out. She's been trying to talk to me and I hate myself for hurting her and letting her go. I've gotten to the point of having no clean skin I'm covered in scars everywhere and honestly I cba anymore I used to get changed in the showers at school during pe then once I wasn't able to and everyone saw them and saw the bandages and now I don't bother hiding them anymore I'm just tired of everything and all I want is to die. But at the same i time I don't I've got tech and love that. I've got one freind outside of school who constantly talks to me and she isn't doing great so I feel like I have to stay around till she gets better then I'll probably do it and end my suffering

If you read this far thanks for giving a shit.