[LONG] Gathering Up courage to die.*I'm not going to take any names here*

Hey,
I am a 17year old from Sub Continental region of Asia. The country i live in has a pretty shitty educational system even shittier than USA or any country you can speak of, Govt here cares about marks and grades more than peoples lives, suicide rate due to education is one of the highest in the world. I was a young 14 year old still dont know, what do with his life. I completed my 10th grade with pretty bad Math, Phy and Chem score. i ended up choosing those three as my electives subjects in my 11th grade (i approached to a different school for an opening but they directly informed to my parents i'm not worth any, i could see my mom being sad from inside as well as lost all hope on me). I ended up in a state private school which is shittier than you can ever imagine 'unprofessional staff, unhealthy lifestyle, unhealthy timings', 'school where manhandling takes place alot'. timings are from 8am to 5pm (if performed bad in tests you will be forced to stay till additional 2 hours). In my 11th eveybody wete preparing for the most competetive exam in the country i did not even know how to tackle my boards, i ended up having tutions for math and chem. Taking additional pressure i cleared my 11th with 83% i. was happy i thought even my mom was but all. she did was doing was to pretend when anyome. asks my score i go forward to say 83% she always interrupts me and says its 90% or 95% she was never proud of me or my achievement or my decisions. I'm in my summer vacations people. are preparing hard for there competetive exams so did I which was "absolutely a joke". In my new 12th grade academic year i satrted performing significantly worse in presurre of what to chose, I chose designing, in my country there are like 20 selective colleges with a hundred seats only but with thousands if test takers, seeing the competetion i had no chance stacking up. I ended up joining another tution, i have like a single day break every week, confused and crying. I got to know my mom more that she was never proud, she expects a rank from me so she can boast with other releatives. I am going to take my boards and competetive examinations in couple momths i cant think of consequences ahead.

probably I will be kickedout forever I don't know.

i am being selfish now, i will have break from. that disgusting school, tutions and probably my soul will be free forever.
I have overachieving brother who dose not understand me, hes a medical graduate. My parents treat him like some sort of super entity because he was able to get a seat.

Why am I sharing this here?
i have no social life or friends. 
no real skills to survive. 
no real marks to show my parents. 

some times she breaksout and starts threathing me. 

I am selfish, atleast i will find some peace. 

I am thinking to commit suicide for more than a year didn't really work out probably now. 

thanks. 
(need tips to gather courage)


