I am done with everythingI am entirely desperate, and at the same time, I feel peaceful.

There is no one here for me. No one is here for me.

I have a disease. It is debilitating. My life is altered by this. I have learned that the insurance will not pay for the treatment for me. I cannot pay for treatment.

My ex and I broke up a while ago. It ended.

My parents just left me, saying that I could go back to my ex if I wanted, because they are not going to provide any support for me. Emotional or financial or whatever. They know that he is my ex. I have no family to help me.

My friends are all on holidays. I cannot go because I don't have the money and I need to run medical examinations.

My disease was not supposed to happen. I was supposed to graduate and be able to make it. I was supposed to have a normal life like everyone else. I was supposed to have a life. I graduated and I have no life, no direction, nothing. I am fucking skilled and intelligent and I cannot make it.

I cannot make it.

No one in my family wants to help me. Everyone is so busy with their own problems and their own narcissism.

I just wanted for someone to fucking care. I just wanted someone to stay around and make sure that I would be okay.

I tried to talk to my flatmate today. I told her about my problems. She said that she had an appointment and stuff to do.

I am tired to an unimaginable extent. I have to find out how bad of a condition I have. How bad things might turn out. I am tired of seeing that there is absolutely no one. No one.is here.

No one fucking loves me. No one will go out of their way to check about me.

I am exhausted of having hope, of trying, and trying and trying.

I cannot do it anymore.

Years ago, I survived an extremely abusive relationship, no one to help me, I survived an attempted murder, no one was there. It destroyed me. I learned that there was no one. I learned that if it was to happen again, I would not want it.

I tried to rebuild my life. I tried to be better. I tried everything. Everything. Every fucking single thing.

It is like this world is making sure that I will not have love, health or peace. I will never have someone caring for me. Never. No matter the extend of my problems. I hate this world. I hate that I cannot even have the slightest of what every other single person of my age has in this world. I want to say fuck it to everything.

I cannot do it anymore.

I searched, I found a simple and peaceful way to do it.

No one loved me. I tried and tried and tried. No one fucking loved me.