Live in fear or stagnate. How is there any other way?I've spent so much of my life working hard to get ahead. I put so much effort into my field of work to the point it took over my life. I tried to enjoy it along the way but i always would isolate.

When I was young my father would beat me quite a bit with a belt. Sometimes he would leave me to "stand in the corner" facing it for hours until dinner. Or he would as a punishment give me the cold shoulder for months. As time went on I would isolate more and more on my computer out of fear of my father but also general anxiety around people. We moved around a lot as a family. One of the houses I lived in I had a small one bedroom upstairs and everyone else was downstairs and I liked it because I could be alone and away from him. 

I have lost so much time and energy towards life throughout the years. There was so much work done and squandered and nothing really gained. There is not much to be happy for anymore to me. I have no friends, no life, I live with my mom and a couple manipulative and abusive people. 

I have been fired from jobs, worked hard on faith for years for lower pay to see things never reach fruition. There has been so much energy I have put in on faith and trust that it will eventually pay off and now at 28 I feel it really hasnt at all. There is nothing in this world that makes me happy anymore. Even alcohol which I've had some great and bad times with in the past doesn't do it for me. My depression if that is even what this is has been with me as long as I can remember and nothing ever changes. The more effort I put into things the more I am dissapointed it doesn't work out. 

Im wondering what is the point. It seems nothing is really gained from trying but stagnation and waiting to die isn't really worth it either. Whats going to change things around if everything is meaningless? I've felt alone for most of my life even when around people and know I am not very up there on the looks. As a man I have been invisible for just about forever and nothing seems to be going to change any time soon. Im done trying to make up for lost time or put my best foot forward. There was never any prize at the end of the rainbow for me it was all BS