I hit my girlfriend, feeling very on edge.I don't know if this is the right sub-reddit to post this in. Some background, I come from an abusive, broken home. I used to watch my Dad beat my Mom and he used to hit me too. I was sexually molested by a family friend and basically had a shitty enough childhood. Lots of anger and yelling all the time is what I remember the majority of it to be. I have a terrible temper and have known this for a long time now. I am an only child, I lost a sister at the age of 4, she was 11 months when she died. My girlfriend comes from a solid family with an older brother and sister, her parents have been together for a long time and are happy. She never experienced any of the sort of trauma I did as a youth. I am 35 and she is 24.

My girlfriend and I recently celebrated our first year anniversary and have been going through some tough times lately. We have had a lot of fights in our first year. Mostly caused by me being drunk and like a complete moron. I have been physically aggressive with her before, grabbing her by the arm and once pulling her down a set of small steps by She got pregnant before Christmas. It wasn't a surprise, we had discussed having kids and we were having full unprotected sex. So when she told me I was ecstatic with happiness but I made it clear that whatever her decision was in regards to keeping it or not, I would support her. She wanted to keep it in her heart I know this, but she talked to friends and got freaked out and decided to have an abortion. Then she told her parents and they wanted her to keep it because they do not support abortion. So then she went back to thinking about keeping it. It was a few days of to and fro and I could sense she was really scared. We had been drinking a lot during the early days of her pregnancy as it was holiday season. She had also been smoking. So she starts to worry about the baby's health. She decides she can't keep it and we book the appointment in the clinic. She then tells her family she is getting an abortion. She does this via text message to her Mother.

Her Mom completely broke down and begged her not to but my girlfriend was strong and we went ahead and she had the abortion. I was devastated inside because I wanted to keep it but I was trying to be strong for her. I talked to her Mom and Dad about the decision and whatever way the conversation went it came out sounding like I pushed her to get an abortion. So I became demonized. The whole family basically hated me, Dad, Mom, Brother and Sister. Her parents take a holiday to get away from it all. She asked me to come over to their house one night and her brother threw me out and threatened to beat the shit out of me. It turns out Mom had barred me from the house before she went away but neither me nor my girlfriend were aware of this. She almost had a breakdown and we both went home to my house that night. She was angry at her brother because he was being abusive and threatening and she was angry at her Sister for sticking up for him when he was threatening me. The pressure was immense. At the same time we were both doing okay in our relationship. We were very very close with each other and I felt that I had found the love of my life and I know she felt the same way. I made plans to get counseling for my anger problem.

So after a couple of weeks everything was still fine and so yesterday we were texting all day sending so many nice flirty sexy messages and talking about her moving in. Everything was great. She told me she wanted to marry me all the time and we loved each other so much, I thought. So yesterday after work I send her a message asking what time her train arrives at. My plan was to have a couple beers with my friend after work to celebrate a special occasion he had. She wrote back a half hour later saying "On bus". So i figured to finish up my drink and head on. Half hour later I get another text saying "Going for a drink first" and a bunch of drink emoticons so I thought she was happy to do that and I sent a message back saying "Ok love xoxoxo" then she asks if I am hanging out after work and I said "Yeah having a celebratory drink with my friend" and she replies "Yeah thought so" so now I know she is annoyed and I text her asking whats wrong, it takes about 5 texts and she writes back an hour and half later saying "I knew what you were doing all along, the reason you text me about the train was so you could hang out with your friends" and some other stuff basically to the effect of: I picked drinking with friends over her.

So at this point I have had a few beers and I'm in trouble with the girlfriend so I knock back another one or two and at this point I am now pretty drunk as I was drinking fast. I go home and she shows up and starts going off on me. She is really angry and yelling at me and I can't remember but I think she said "Fuck this, I'm going home" or maybe she broke up with me I'm not sure but I lost it at this point. After the day we had os all the nice messages and then her to be angry at me now combined with all the other pent up emotions, I just exploded. I pushed her on to the ground and kicked her in her legs a few times. I grabbed her hand and bit it really hard and then bit her on top of her head. I completely lost all control and was consumed with emotions. I felt like I was losing my mind. She looked up at me in terror and I stopped. She got up and told me we were finished and she never wanted to see me again. She punched me in the face and broke my glasses. We threw some dishes and things and I just completely crumbled. She wanted to leave but I was preventing her. I smashed her phone on the ground and pulled her bags off of her. I stopped preventing her from leaving and she opened the door and walked out. I followed her out in the street and tried to talk to her. It was useless of course. She went home.

Her parents are on holiday right now so it was only her brother who was there. I called the house and she answered and told me to fuck off basically. So I wake up this morning and have to go to work. Her Sister calls and says they will be contacting the police etc. I am now sitting in my house surrounded by her things which I have to pack up so her Sister can come collect them. I have been talking to the Samaritans because I have no one else. My Mother passed away 4 years ago and I have no contact with my Dad. My family structure is basically broken.

I am a good person. I am not violent normally. Anyone I know would tell you "Hey that guys is a really good guy, he has a good heart." This is why my girlfriend loved me, she had a lot of guys previously but never went out with any of them bar two of them. She chose me because I'm a good person. Yet... I feel like a monster. What I did was MONSTROUS. I hate myself right and can barely stand to be alive. I have a problem with alcohol and anger management. I know this much but I don't know where to go for help. I have just ruined the best thing thats ever happened to me in my life. This girl is SUCH a good person. She is literally an angel to me. She does not have a bad or mean bone in her body and look what I did to her. I can't believe it I don't know to deal with it. My worst nightmare is to be like my Dad with women and I have gone and done it. 

I feel sick in my own skin and don't really want to be alive. I don't feel suicidal but I am really on edge, feel very spaced out and disconnected. I wish it was all a bad dream I could wake up from. But its not. How can I live with this? I feel so fucking ashamed.

 Please help reddit