I don't deserve lifeI’m 17, I have pretty bad ADHD. Often doing simple shit like taking some clothes from the couch and back to my room is difficult. Yesterday, my dad noticed my laundry had been on the couch for a couple days and he started screaming at me. “Telling you to do something is like talking to a goddamn wall. Are you fucking retarded? Can you not do one simple goddamn task? If that’s the case, I think we need to go have you tested for mental retardation.” I tried to explain all the schoolwork and other chores I’d been trying to focus on and get done. I tried to explain ADHD and executive dysfunction to him, yet again, but the words just dried and stuck to my throat. Like they always do. I always choke up whenever I try to explain my troublesome behavior because I can FEEL the other person rolling their eyes at me. They think I’m faking it or using it as an “excuse.”

Is this how life is always going to be? I can’t live like this very much longer. I can’t keep messing up simple shit and feeling like I constantly have to be hypervigilant, always ready to defend myself. I’m literally terrified of messing up and people yelling at me, which makes just sitting around at home with my parents nerve wracking sometimes. Even working up the nerve to READ my teachers’ comments on my homework can bring me to tears.
 
 After years of being naturally critical of myself and hearing rants from my dad like the one quoted above, I really do believe that I’m worthless. I hate myself. My mom always tries to tell me that the world contains so much beauty and that the pain of existing is worth it. That may be so… to her. She’s one of the “useful” individuals! The “productive” individuals! One of the normal ones, who for the most part don’t feel like they have to justify their existence all the fucking time. I’m not, though. There’s no place here for me.  I have no connections outside of my immediate family apart from my best friend right now. I think I should just end it here before I go off to college or get a job and fuck more shit up, and therefore cause the poor people around me more needless headaches. Maybe that’ll make my passing easier on my family. At least, they’ll be able to look back at my life with a little bit more fondness. I just wish all the good, highly lethal methods weren't so gruesome. 
