I don't have the strength for this anymore.Day 1

I’ve been feeling like this for what seems like a very long time. Almost every day, for the past year, I have contemplated about ending my own life. I’ve self-harmed. Somehow slitting my wrists open and watching the blood trickle out calmed me down. I’ve done everything I promised myself I wouldn’t do each night before I went to sleep. There’s something inherently wrong with that, wanting to kill myself, despite having everything that a kid of my age needs.


Around 7-8 months ago, I started slipping at college. I wouldn’t attend for days at a stretch. Days turned to weeks. Weeks turned to months. I knew I wasn’t in a good head space. I’d been hiding something from my parents for a while. They sent me for counselling, but I lied to that woman as well. I couldn’t tell anyone. One night, however, my mother caught me crying myself to sleep and told me to be honest. She said she would support me no matter what it was. I told her about the time I was inappropriately touched by a grown man. That was almost two years ago, but ever since, I have been like this. I have felt depressed and wrong and disgusting. I always called my mother my best friend. There is literally nothing that I haven’t shared with her. Everything that a sixteen year old girl in an Indian household remains silent about, I have been able to discuss freely with her. She is quite understanding, my mother. So much so that she’ll go to any lengths to defend me when I have an argument with my father. He still doesn’t know. I doubt he would even understand.


Speaking of my father… he has never hit me. He hurls abuses at me, but he has never physically hurt me. He reminds me every day that I am a failure. A wasted investment. Useless. Impure. Negative. Slacking. He reminds me that the best I can hope for in life is a job at a call centre where my boss will yell at me but I’ll suck it up because I am desperate for money. That I’ll have a husband who will berate me and I’ll be at his mercy. That I don’t bring him any joy. That I’m not meant for anything good. That he regrets giving me the things he has. That I ruin everything I touch. That I am a complete, utter disappointment. And then, a few hours later, a few sweet words and the usual “I only want what’s best for you”. I know he does, but when the same person says those things to you every single day… you start to believe it. 


At first, his words pinched. I would cry and listen to him, too scared to explain why I’ve become the mess I am. Then I started screaming back, pretending I don’t care. He calls me rude and shameless, but it’s the only way I know how to block it out. I cry after he leaves the room.


All I can say to him is, if he ever finds this, I’m sorry. I know I am not what you expected. I promise I tried. 
	

I've thought about this for months. I know people have worse problems, and maybe I'm being selfish, but these are mine. I can't live like this. I don't have the strength anymore. I don't know why I'm writing this. I wanted to see if I could put my thoughts together.


There’s a 3-day/1-week rule one must follow before committing suicide. This is day one. We’ll see what happens tomorrow.