I think I might need some helpI don’t know where else to go to with this.

I’m 26, I’m a newly minted lawyer doing corporate work for the past year. The more I do this, the more I feel that I’m not cut out for this profession. I screw up a lot at work, get yelled at on a daily basis, and work 16 hour days on weekdays, 8 to 12 hours on weekends.

I wake up every morning with a sense of dread. I have to force myself out of bed. Every time I get a work email my heart flutters in a panic. I want to quit so bad, but I have debts to pay off, and I am also saving money to go to grad school. (I’m not from America, law is an undergraduate degree where I’m from.)

I feel like I’m not qualified to do anything else other than practice law, even though it is what’s making me miserable. I feel weak when I speak about this to other people, because everyone else I know, co-workers and law school friends, seems to be coping well with their work. I don’t have time for friends, or my family, and for the past few months the only people I’ve spoken to have been people at work. I feel like I should not be complaining because I get a decent paycheck.

I feel completely worthless and unmotivated to do anything now. I don’t know how to improve my work, but also find that I can’t bring myself to try any more. I lie in bed weekend mornings when I used to rise early to exercise or meet up with friends. I sometimes skip meals because I tell myself that I don’t deserve to eat, and other times because I’m worrying so much about work that I just don’t have the appetite.

I’m also gay, and used to think about suicide as a teenager. Homosexual activity is illegal here, and being gay may cost me my job, and may be grounds for getting me disbarred. When I came out to my friends and family, I got support and acceptance, and was very happy after high school, during my university days. It scares me now that all these thoughts about suicide are coming back to me, and this familiar misery has started to creep back into my life. I thought I was over that and was ready to be happy.

I don’t know how to deal with this. I feel like I’m cracking and I don’t want to. My parents need me right now so I keep telling myself that I have to be strong for them, but I’m also just so exhausted. I would really like some advice on how to deal with this. Thank you.
