My last performance.I don't know why I'm posting here, to be honest. I fucking hate reddit. But that's beside the point. Hopefully my feelings about this site will weed out any pollyanna responses I'll get. Demographic bullshit: I am a white male, 29, performance artist. Tomorrow will be my last performance. I have had the dubious opportunity of experiencing 'head-over-heels" style love more than once.. The first time, I truly believed in it. I thought it was the fuel for revolution (that tired old word..) but it was all in my mind.. I didn't realize this until the second time around. Grasping at nothing, believing that someone would want to hear about my deepest fears. That's not how it works, kids. No one can save you, and you shouldn't expect them to. I'm going to just bathe in the irony of that statement while I try to describe the reasoning behind my decision to kill myself... 

Oh and if you think therapy is effective, don't bother. You are already a tool. This sounds like a joke post, but I'm serious. I've seen therapists... they don't know what to do about my existential dread and the sinking feeling I get when I think about our commodified lives in this plastic world. The emotional marketplace. Hanging out with dear friends who stare at their phones. I'm not going to say that the world can be anything but what it is, but I don't want to live here. All we do is shit all over a closed system and pray for a rocket to take us to a new place to destroy. I hope we never leave. I hope our mistakes destroy us all. 

It's been ten years now.. every day I wake up and I have to convince myself to live. Honestly, the only reason I am alive today is morbid curiosity. For years I haven't been able to look away from this transhumanist train-wreck. I've been on medication for my "major depressive disorder" but I quit that route years ago. I don't understand how anyone with two brain cells to rub together would want to numb themselves that much. Desexualize and depersonalize. Write down your feelings and put them in a box. "Healthy boundaries." Creation that is looking more and more like programming and vice-versa. Singularity worship. UGH. 

I have a lot more fun numbing myself on street drugs anyway... well, not anymore really. That's just it. Now that 30 is coming around the bend, I know that I must assimilate or die. I have never met a true revolutionary. I have never met a human being who is fucked like me: For my entire life I have had no motivation towards socially-defined success. The pursuit of money, cute starving women, status, etc. etc. has never appealed to me. When I was a child, I thought there was something wrong with me. Now I know that I am just one of those unlucky people who see shit for what it really is. 

Not that I have any solutions. You see.. every idea contains its obverse, so along with my deep cynicism is an almost romantic feeling of connection with the underdog. The "necessary" by-product of a broken system. For everything you have, there are 10 people who have nothing. Or more. You don't want to think about this, however. You give to charity. OR not. 

Yeah, I've been collecting money for an environmental charity.. that is not a good way to strengthen one's feelings for the fortunate. Sorry this is turning into a political rant.. I'm sure we all know how fucked everything is. 

So yes. There are moments of beauty and I do have skills.. but both are so small and subtle that they don't fit into the global marketplace. I spent a lot of time soul searching and thought maybe I could become some kind of radical teacher, but when I saw the "guru market" first-hand... I lost most of my faith in humanity. When I saw the "revolutionary clique".. and lived within it's elitist boundaries... when I actually started judging people for political shit they had no time to care about.. I broke away.

So now, here I am. Living on borrowed time with friends who DO care, but secretly want me to leave. It is never a good idea to talk about suicidal thoughts with friends. It's not fair to them. I see how much I have to do with my current state but I have no idea what to do to pull myself out of it. 

I write.. I'm creative. I live on the "cool" side of the U.S. I have interesting friends who are making amazing things.. that have reached some kind of truce with the marketplace. I watch their work turn into a "brand" and how happy they are about it.. how can I tell them that personal branding makes me sick? How dare I impinge on their happiness? 

I think I've said enough.

