I can't stop imagining it.It's hard for me to believe how alone I really am. Everyone, really. Each person you know gets a slice of your personality so there's never any real catharsis when you talk to someone. No one really knows anybody. Everybody knows this stuff on some level, it's just cliches. But they've earned their status as cliches because they're fucking true. I don't have a gun or reliable pills. I've got that sharp knife though. I bought it when I was 17 and had to lie and tell that old Chinese lady I was 18. It seemed like a cool thing to have at the time.

I just don't want it to hurt. If I slit my wrists it seems like it'll fucking hurt. I think maybe if I slit my throat it would be quicker and then I wondered whether or not it would hurt more if I slit my Adam's apple open. Maybe I could slice it low below there so that they could hide it with a tie at my funeral--why cause my parents anymore grief, eh?

It's not like I didn't try to deal with this stuff. I imagined shooting my head and being jolted out of lethargy for one quick terrible second before head exploded. Then I imagined that if I failed somehow I would be saying all of these things to a psychologist. "No, I don't think I'm bipolar doc--never had the manic shit. I don't even think I have clinical depression." Then the image of the doctor turned into a professor I fucking hate and I imagined telling that red-headed cunt off. "I hope your granddaughter dies in a fucking car fire." She's the kind of person who would have a quick witty response though. She wouldn't even be fazed by me. No one is, in a good way or bad. The best I can accomplish is to creep people out. I try hard to compensate how awkward I am with niceness and the niceness comes off a contrived bullshit and scares people, makes them wonder why I'm being nice. Fucking hell, I'm just trying to make things easier for YOU, folks. 

I don't know. I just can't believe how all of these things in my head just disappear into...what? Blackness? That's a color, even black can't describe the amount of nothingness my thoughts will dissolve into. I don't know if I can keep going on. If I die than that's a pretty shitty scenario but if I live then I'll just end up posting on here again or venting in some place like this. If I don't have a place like this to vent I'll just go into the world inside my hide and have imaginary conversations with psychologists and try to imagine their halves of the conversation or I'll talk to people in the past who made some kind of impression on me who don't even know I'm around anymore, can't remember my name, don't think about me ever. 

I know I'm rambling but I'm afraid to stop because when I do I have to either kill myself or go on living and I don't fucking want to do either right now. I'm cold. I can't get enough sleep this semester because I browse porn or read late into the night. Now that I think of it, it's like submerging into freezing water: You can go in one agonizing inch at a time or jump in in a single awful jolt. 

I wish I wasn't born. I wish there was no existance. It's all shit. You show me music, I'll show you fights. You show me modern medicine, I'll show you Hiroshima. You show me puppies, I'll show dogs being skinned alive and blinking in China....you get the idea.

This is just getting embarrasing now. I have no fucking reason to feel this way. I want it to stop.