At this point killing myself just feels harder than coasting along aliveI half-assed tried to hang myself almost three weeks ago the day my ex broke up with me but my body just kept panicking to keep itself alive so I didn't succeed. Since then I've just been coasting as I have been the last 4 years.

 After transferring to my current college I had my first relationship at 19 but it was never defined so I never knew what we were so when it ended out of the blue I was shaken to my core. From then I've had no friends, the friends I have from high school have kinda drifted from me even though we're all still living in the same area, we just don't hang out often or talk to each other. I went through two sets of roommates who made my life hell so I've been living in a studio after the last set because my anxiety about living with other people became so bad I couldn't do it again. 

Then there was another relationship where my ex was emotionally abusive by being emotionally abusive through the way of always letting me know he had the potential of being physically violent, but never actually doing anything to me, so I was scared to leave for at least 2 months. Shortly after that, I ended up in the relationship that just ended. I seriously thought he was the love of my life, but I guess he was unhappy and ended up breaking my heart right after our one year anniversary. During that whole year of my relationship, I had to delay my graduation plans because I got sick with Mono and was out for a month. Right as I was getting back to my life, my best friend killed herself and this month on the 20th is the one year anniversary of that. Right now I have two Ds and have had the hardest time getting myself to my classes so who knows if I'll even be able to graduate this spring. 

I've been depressed since I was 13 and have just felt like I've been coasting through my life to this point. There's a lot of changes happening at once and I want nothing to do with them. I have no job or internship prospects for after school, but I still have my retail job and while I enjoy it, I can't live on this or do it forever. I'm so tired and feel so worthless that I just want to cease existing. But getting my body to the point where it will just let go seems like more work than just putting in enough effort to get by. I cried the entire way home from work last night and I'm at my parents' house tonight because I went to see my younger brother's high school band concert so I'm spending the night. I spent the part of the day here watching my mom freak out about bills and I'm just like "I don't want this. I don't want any of it." I feel like I've seen enough and none of it seems worth it, but god damn is killing yourself hard work.