My life. I just need to talk.I'm going to make this as short as possible. It would be a very long post if I put details and other filler information in. But feel free to ask questions if you're confused about something or want to know. But I won't give out too much for obvious privacy reasons. 

Self: 
Ages 0-7, Glory Days. Starts showing signs of ADD.

Ages 7-12, fathers death causes depression. Mother gets married without letting her children meet the family or husband himself before the announcement. Mental and physical abuse from step family causes personality change and reclusive behavior in school and home. 

Ages 13-14, figures out that he is bisexual after years of not being able to express it. Starts relying on friends instead of family. Fails to do school work due to depression and ADD. Mother gets a divorce we move out.

Age 15, loses friends, comes into high school feeling alone. Depressed for almost entire freshman year. Finds a bit of light at the end. Starts making positive changes and becomes a leader of school. First panic attack caused by mother saying I will never be anything.

Age 16, depression is least of concerns and genuinely happy. Junior. I have Arthur, Mary, Simon, and Bob. I pursue a boy (Jake gay freshmen) to start dating. Simon parents banishes us from ever talking. I go into a deep depression again. Gets rejected by Jake. And everything worked for in high school has now been unachieved. Possibly not graduating. Attempts suicide about 4 times throughout the years.

Now: I turn 17 tomorrow and I have nothing for me in the future. I absolutely hate living through this pain. I just want it to stop. I just want relief. It hurts so badly. I don't understand why I have to go through this. I'm a nice guy aren't I? Why on earth should I have to continue through this pain. It isn't fair. Don't tell me "life isn't fair" because I already fucking KNOW THAT. I haven't been able to focus in school for the past month because Im so depressed and having anxiety attacks day after day and my grades have suffered terrible for it. Everything that could possibly go wrong, happens. What can I do?
