What's wrong with me?Why can't I just take a hold over my emotions? Why can't I stop overthinking every interaction I want to have (and do have) with her? Why does anxiety and fear always win against rational thoughts? Why can't I just them as a guide, not make decisions based on them? 

Some days I feel like everything is amazing and we're getting somewhere. Other days I feel like there is no hope and she doesn't even care about me. I feel devastated when I see how much she's chatted with one of our mutual friends and feel like she's fallen for him. But I know that's not the case and I know that I could be chatting with her just as much if only I could get out of this overthinking loop. Even when I do get tired of it myself and try to have a longer conversation with her and she ends up just replying with short phrases and messages I can't help but overthink it. Why does that not happen when she chats with her other friends? Is she playing hard to get? Am I doing something wrong? Did I say something wrong? Did I ask a weird question? Am I actually annoying her? What is it? 

There are times when do have amazing conversations. I see that there is something different about the way she interacts with me. All of those glances, all of that eye contact. Those subtle touches. All of the little things like random high fives, just messing around together. All those messages asking where am I when we get separated at a party. Her asking if I'm alright after nights out where I had a bit too much to drink and felt shitty. But then again, does that really mean anything? 

All of these questions and me automatically assuming the worst, constant mood swings, the emotional and rational part of me constantly contradicting themselves, just everything. It's taking a huge toll on my mental state. It always results in suicidal thoughts, even considering how should I do it. Just so I can finally have peace. 

Not sure where I'm going with this, but I just needed to clear out my thoughts, I always feel better for some time after I do. Since this is the only place I feel comfortable saying all of this, here it is.