I don't want to live another day.You know what? Everyday hurts. It feels like everything that goes wrong outweighs everything that goes right. Everyday, I'm reminded of how worthless and stupid I am. She even told to kill myself once. And I've tried to talking to my friends about how my parents make me feel, but all I get is "aren't all parents like that lmao" and it makes me feel like I'm overreacting. It feels like no matter what I say or what I do, I'll just be looked down on as some edgy, rebellious, ungrateful teenager going through a phase. And that makes me feel like shit because it's like saying none of my feelings are valid. Maybe my existence isn't valid. But I'm just tired of living like this. I'm tired of being afraid of saying or doing the wrong thing. It feels like whatever I do, no matter how trivial, will always anger her in some way. I've had a friend who told me to talk to her, because she's still my "parent", but fuck, I doubt she'd even listen. Anytime anyone has tried to talk to her about how she's too much of a narcissistic asshole for her own good, she doesn't listen, not even to her own father. She's never going to change. Nothing is going to change. She's just getting worse and worse each day. And I'm trying to stay positive, I'm trying to smile, but it's so hard to do that when everyday is just someone telling you how their life would be better off without you and how they wished you didn't exist. "Well why don't you just let it all out and cry", I tried, but every time I cry, all I can remember is the day she beat me for crying after she just yelled and yelled at me for something I couldn't control. It was humiliating. I don't know what to do anymore. I don't know if I should do anything anymore. Sometimes, I just want to curl up in a ball and die. Sometimes, I don't want to live another day. Sometimes, I wish I didn't exist in the first place. And I know his all sounds like generic edgy shit but it's so tiring. It's so tiring to say "I'm okay" when all you want to do is cry and cut yourself until you bleed to death. I know I'll probably be better tomorrow but this is the lowest I've ever been and the first time I ever wrote a suicide note. I just don't know if I can keep living anymore.