I'm a suicidal medical student (sorry this is a bit long)Hi... So I recently tried to quit medical school on the very last year.  We started doing actual work in the hospital, interacting with real patients, doing 29 hour shifts. I broke down the first day and tried to quit. That's when things went downhill.

My family thought I was just taking a short break, but when I told them clearly that I'm not going back, they started attacking me. They started saying how my happiness isn't important. That this is the real world and I needed to be a doctor to have a good, easy income, regardless of whether I'm happy or not. Then they would talk about how I was too spoiled, and that was the reason I couldn't handle a 29 hour shift. If it were them, they would've been able to finish medical school. And they were gonna be more strict now so I wouldn't be spoiled anymore.

We went on a family vacation a month later and they just kept harassing me. Every little mistake I made, every stupid thing I did, they would point it out and tell everyone. The parents that were so supportive of me all these years, turns out they had just been lying because I was gonna be that "perfect doctor son". I then planned my suicide during the trip.

I got home and was ready to act out my suicide, but the method I was gonna use was gone and I was at a loss of what to do. I felt worthless and I wanted out. I wanted the harassment to stop. So I went back to Medical school. Maybe my parents were right and I had to just suck it up and stop whining. It's been almost 2 weeks and I haven't gone a day without wanting to cry for hours in the hospital bathroom. Im very bad at all the practical skills and I'm just not physically strong enough. At least I'm away from my parents and the harassment stopped. They went back to their usual facade of being supportive parents. But the work is tough and my health has been deteriorating from the 29 hour shifts. Yes other people can do it, but I know I can't. And I keep having thoughts of killing myself in the hospital. So no matter what I do, I just wanna die.

Life is good. It's actually great to be alive and to experience everything in the world. I'm just not good enough to be alive here. Not good enough to pay the price for living. I joined this subreddit, hoping to tell people that life can be good, that something good might come out of my hypocrisy and I might help people. Now I just wanna let it all out.