I gave up on my selfI just found this sub and I really need to put my thoughts out and there isn’t anyone I can talk to, so here I am.

As the title suggests, I gave up on my self. I feel shitty all the time because I genuinely don’t have confidence in my abilities or anything I do. It seems like EVERY time I try to believe in myself I just fail myself. Whether it’s some kind of mental self sabotage or what, I don’t know. I just keep fucking up and and failing. Whether it was high school, college, basic training, back shops I had to work and now my 8 month training course I just keep embarrassing myself and displaying a shocking level of incompetence I didn’t want to accept I had. 

I don’t know when it started, but the last couple of years the way my mind talks to itself has been absolutely negative. Anytime I’m not distracted by work or entertainment or a conversation my mind falls back on reminding myself how idiotic and incompetent I am at everything I do. I only ever go by my last name anymore and I can regularly hear someone say “Dammit [my last name]”  when I fuck up, say or do something stupid, which is a lot. I have completely disgraced my family name with my constant stupidity and I hate hearing my name said because I just expect to be called out on something I did wrong.

People around me only expect me to fuck up. No one really trusts me to do anything right because I can’t seem to do anything right. Twice now I was told to get out of a vehicle so someone else could back it into a parking bay because I’m trusted so little. And I don’t completely blame them. I’m pissed off at the thought of it, but I actually understand why. Could you imagine that level of respect on a daily basis? 

With that, I came to the conclusion about two years ago I should not be alive. I’m not mad at anyone specifically but myself. I reasoned that with the track record I have with work, my daily displays of idiocy, my poor physique, and lack of basic comprehension skills that I’m either retarded or just that fucking stupid. One is a mental problem I hate and the other can’t really be fixed. I am disgusted by myself. I squandered everything my parents worked so hard to set up for me, I am a parasite. I have no skills. I struggle to learn basic skills. And for other reasons I don’t want to go into I just really really hate myself. I don’t want to be alive. I wish I would fucking drop dead.

I don’t want to be alive anymore. I don’t want a heaven or hell or reincarnation or any of that. I don’t want to sleep or be in a void, I just want to turn myself off. I want my story closed, to end. I’m ready to just stop existing; I wish I never had.

Thing is, I can’t do that to my family. My father would fall apart and my mom would not be strong enough to cope while dealing with my dad. My brother wouldn’t understand and probably never would. None of them know a damn thing about any of this. In their mind I’m just their Air Force son doing his part to keep America safe. I’m bad with women and I don’t like working out. I have a plan to keep 10k to my name by the end of the year. That’s the image. I can’t tell them what’s really going on with me because they’ll blame themselves or beg me to get help, plan out a path for me or whatever. But I can’t face them as the idiot failure I am on full display. I tried to do hard to make them proud but I’m just too fucking stupid to do that. I’m too fucking stupid to make them proud. And I can’t tell them that.

Like I said, I really fucking hate myself. I regularly have thoughts of graphic self harm. The main one is just shooting myself up the chin out the top of my head. Sometimes I think of cutting parts off myself as some kind of penance. Or every time I embarrass my name I cut a sliver of skin to force myself to do better. It’s probably important now to tell you I have never so much as cut myself. It’s all just been thoughts. Not only have I never hurt myself in that kind of manner, unexplained cuts and bruises would not sit well with or go unnoticed with the people I work with for 8-12 hours a day in a sleeveless shirt and usually end a day with being sore and covered in dirt and grime. You wouldn’t willingly hurt your leg then go into a marathon even if you didn’t expect to win. 

I honestly don’t know how well I explained this. I’m not good at writing or expressing my thoughts. But I want to explain I don’t blame anyone but my self for my problems. My idiocy, failures, and reputation of incompetence is mine alone. It’s all my fault for what I’ve done. It’s my fault for the life I lead. It’s my fault I squandered my parents set up for my future. It’s my fault I’m useless. It’s my fault I’m an embarrassment. It’s my fault I am this way. It’s my fault I don’t know how to stop fucking up my life. It’s my fault I’m so stupid. It’s my fault I don’t know how to not be a total fucking incompetent dumbass piece of shit. I want to take responsibility for it, but I don’t see a future in which I fix this. I don’t see how to help myself. All I can think of is to rid myself of me. I don’t want to be alive, but there’s too many people I’ll hurt by taking my own life. I just wish someone would kill me and fucking end this joke of a man.
