An anti-climatic end, but whatcha gonna do?I'm going to make no impact on the world, and that took me a while to get used to. I get that in the macro scope none of us really make all that much of a difference on the human race, but I've been encouraged since I was a kid that I would do "something." In truth, I think since I was 14 I would end up taking my own life. It was never a question of if, but when-- but in the back of my mind I always thought I could do something at least slightly impactful before I bit the proverbial or literal bullet. I'm 30 now and I think tonight is the night I knew would come, and my life is more or less a waste of opportunity, I know that. 

Nothing of note has really happened to me to make this the night. There isn't anything all that special about tonight. I'm not even particularly sad anymore. Depressed, yes, but not sad.The past few months I have tried to find particular films or music to make me feel much of anything. It's just time, I think. I have made this decision before. Last year, I decided to go to Vegas and bet everything I had(not much), twice, on roulette, and I won(to my luck/chagrin) which wasn't really supposed to happen. That was a weird feeling. On the plane ride out there I felt a bit like I feel now, a bit of a sinking feeling of dread and hopelessness, only then I think I actually wanted a silver lining ending. Now though, I don't even really want that. I just, want to sleep and not have to wake up again.

I know there will be at least a few that will be devastated by what I'm planning. I know there are people who do care for and love me, and fair few who like me well enough to give the ol, "aww, that's too bad," but there just isn't enough left in me to try for them and I have long ago given up on myself. I don't know why I'm bothering even typing this out, I guess some pathetic attempt to make some sort of ripple before I bow out, I dunno. I really only wish the best for everyone else. I hope you guys do better than I could.  