Why am I me? Why did I have to be me?Why am I like this?

I get so defensive and insecure thinking my opinions, feelings, and thoughts don’t matter to anyone- not even my partner. I always push him away when he wants to help me because I think I’m wasting his time and energy and I think I give him headaches and make everything frustrating and hard because I’m nothing but a piece of shit.
I’ve always been taught that everyone is against me and that I should never seek help or seek opinions. My parents emotionally damaged me and I never understood its full extent until I moved away for college to live by myself. 
My childhood has ruined me so badly. I keep trying my absolute hardest to get over my anxiety and insecurity issues but there’s always that one time I break down crying and crying and feeling like I should kill myself.
It’s so hard. So so hard. I don’t know how I’m ever going to get through this- I don’t know if I’ll ever get through this.  I’m in tears crying my eyes out because I thought my partner didn’t want to give me a ride somewhere and hinted I should just walk (he says that’s not what he implied at all- and I know he didn’t) It’s that bad. I overthink everything and I think my life and myself as a person have very little value and that nobody wants to even give me a ride somewhere. Can you imagine that? That’s how little value I see myself as. It’s driving me nuts. The more days go by, and the more I keep fighting only to fall, the more I keep considering dying. Im just so tired. I don’t want to be in my own head anymore. I wish I could change my damaged mindset that had been drilled into me since childhood but God it is so hard. I’d never treat anyone how I treat myself. I’m always happy to help people, but I feel like people helping me is an obligation, not a want. I keep getting motivated to keep going- to keep journaling, to keep being mindful, to keep fighting and fighting until I die, but when I reach rock bottom I just close up and in my head I tell myself “don’t let the anxiety win, don’t let it win” but i get so overwhelmed and I give up and go with the negative flow until I cry myself to sleep and get over it. It’s becoming increasingly difficult to cope. You never really know what your childhood does until you reach an age where you’re old enough to understand the damage done.
I can’t blame my parents forever, but God I just want a way out. I feel like I can’t breathe and I’m suffocating in my own body. I want to be free- so badly. But I know I have to keep fighting it over and over again and take the falls- but it’s just so fucking difficult. I want to love myself, and I want to know that people actually care about me and the negativity is all in my head- but it’s just soooo hard :((( 
I’m 20 now and all I think about is wanting to die somehow, or just not be alive or conscious to think or feel what I feel. I can’t stop crying my eyes out right now. I don’t have anyone to talk to, I’m in college far away from home with no friends (all my friends are back home- kids at my college already know each other so they are not looking for new friends) I’m literally at a breaking point where I feel like I’m the only one going through this horrible feat and I’m the only one who doesn’t have physical friends to talk to. I’m alone and I’m in my own head, trapped with my own thoughts. I don’t know what to do. I just don’t. I wish I had the balls to kill myself to make everything go away- everything. The pain, the thoughts, the loneliness, the self loathing- everything. 

Please help :( any advice or comments will be appreciated. I’m truly at a breaking point right now. I want to keep on going but is it worth it? What if I never get over my anxiety and self hatred my neglectful parents instilled in me? Why can’t I be like other kids? Why can’t I be confident and not have a care in the world? Why me?