Kinda just need someone to talk toA little over a year ago I divorced someone who was severely abusive. Something has happened that lead to me reliving a lot of it. The result has me contemplating suicide with pretty strong intent if I'm being honest. Not a lot of people know what I went through. I really just need someone to talk to about it even if it's just them listening to my story.

My ex husband is a statutory rapist and child molester. I didn't know that when I married him. He told me after we had taken a trip to another state to see my parents. He point blank told me he didn't tell me before the trip because if I knew I could have left him and stayed with my parents. He told me an hour into a 5 hour drive home. I demanded he turn the car around and take me back and he refused. I was disabled and unable to drive and he had driven away all of my friends so I was helpless to leave him once we got back and had no one to help me get away. I remember how utterly helpless and hopeless I felt on that drive home.

I am not small at 6 ft tall but at the time I was severely underweight at 120 lbs and had absolutely no power to ever do anything he didn't want me to do because he weighed close to 300 lbs. At more than double my size there was nothing he wanted me to do that I could refuse. This included sex which he would demand as his biblical right even when I was having PTSD flashbacks to a rape I experienced. I never told him how much his size intimidated me and I never realized that I likely put on a lot of weight (got up to 230) as a defense mechanism to feel less powerless against him.

He tried to kill me. I've struggled with severe depression my entire life and he would intentionally make it worse. He would do things to trigger a meltdown when I was suicidal in an attempt to get me to kill myself. He would go on spending sprees at the end of the month so that we would struggle to pay rent to trigger me, he would tell me things to scare me like that a past abuser (who hadn't) had discovered where we live and could come by at any time, he would manipulate me into acting on my suicidal urges by "forgetting" to lock away the weapons only when I was suicidally depressed and kept "sleeping" through me ugly sobbing (not quietly) as I used whatever sharp objects I could find to try and kill myself multiple times, when he found me unconscious in the bathtub with my wrists slit he didn't call the cops. I woke up I don't know how much longer to lying in a now drained bathtub with him on his phone next to me as if he was just passing the time until I died.

A lot of this I have never told anyone and I don't really have anyone irl that I could. I just needed to get it out. I'm about to go to bed but please, someone talk to me for when I wake up in the morning. I will respond then and I desperately need someone to talk to about this even if it's just to realize someone else out there knows my story and what I've been through.