I can see the wall now and its approaching faster.Im 30 years old, I live with my father and have been unemployed for the last 6 months. I have left the house about 3-4 times since then. In about 3 weeks my bank account will be overdrawn.

I've lived with moderate to severe depression and anxiety for the majority of my life although I didn't really realize it until recently. I always hated school. Being a shy scared child in nyc public school probably didn't help. My mother didn't really care about anything other than school though so I pushed through it. Barely. High school is when the depression really made itself known but It never occurred to me that thats what I actually had. I kept pushing through until college and I ended up dropping out. I worked retail while going to a technical school for IT stuff at night that my mother pushed me into. I kept working miserable retail jobs until a friend got me an interview that I lied and faked my way through and actually got the job. I did ok at it and stayed there for about 3 years. I never enjoyed it but the money was decent. 

About two years into it the anxiety really started to rev up. Again I didn't realize what it really was. After a while it became so bad that every commute every morning and every night left me on the verge of a total freak out/breakdown. I began snapping at coworkers and customers. I developed an intense hostility towards a specific coworker. After a while I couldn't even bring myself to open an email let alone respond to one (customer support job). So I quit last december. I didn't really have  a plan. I thought I'd just get another job doing the same thing. It'll be better this time right? I had a phone interview a few weeks ago and they scheduled a follow up. Immediately before it I had a severe anxiety attack. Blew the whole thing. 

I told myself I deserve a job Im actually interested in, that might actually be gratifying in some way. But why do I deserve that? I have no skills, no talent. Im a miserable, pathetic failure that cant even afford a fathers day present. In fact, Im going to have to start asking him for money to keep the internet/cable/phones on. He would never tell me that he's disappointed or ashamed but how could he not be?

I feel like Im speeding towards a brick wall and I can't figure out how to work the wheel. Now I think I should just lean back and step on the gas.