I guess I just want to know why I shouldn'tHope you don't mind my using a throwaway account.

Well, I should start by saying I'm constantly fearful. I've never actually felt very secure in life. And as life speeds up, things get less and less familiar to me, I begin to feel ever more unsure. Much more fearful and worried. 

Well, I'm at the stage in life when one applies for Graduate school. 

A few weeks ago I had a burst of enthusiasm about it hoping that I could pacify the desires of my parents to see me become a graduate -- I made significant progress with one university in particular and I was quite happy (if not very scared) of this. 

But my dad just came to me now, with a tone of seriousness and perhaps disappointment that I'd never heard him use before. All this progress I thought I made, in spite of my constant fears and worries, was for nothing. He hates the university I'm going to, he hates that I'm trying my best. He said I didn't try hard enough -- he cannot know that I'm legitimately up every night scared out of my mind at how quickly life is going and how little control I feel I have. It must seem stupid. Petty even. 

Anyways, he really tore into me about it and I hate myself for feeling like a disappointment. 

He really wants me to go to another school. I looked into their graduate requirements. I have none. Not to mention the deadline for application to fall semester is a month past. I'm fucked, basically. 

On top of everything else, I'm gay and closeted. My dad -- I respect him a lot despite this -- is a homophobic man. It's just how it is. I am neglecting my own wants for a boyfriend just to pacify his sincere hatred for people like me. I'm really lonely. I must sound perfectly pathetic, I feel like such an idiot even having these stupid issues. 

Basically, all I can think about now is how much better things will be if they just ended. I don't believe in an afterlife, so ending it will not disrupt some higher cosmic plan or anything in my opinion. Mostly, I just want to escape being fearful all the time, hiding my 'other lives' from my friends and family, disappointing everyone, get away from all these things I cannot control and just find a peace of mind for once. I just hate that I should feel this way. Wanting to end it whereas so many in lesser positions in life are happy as can be. I feel so fucked up and defected.

I'm just ranting because I don't feel any reason why I shouldn't. I don't inspire happiness in anyone else, let alone myself, I don't have any reason not to just give up. I don't have any friends who care enough, anyways. Not like anyone would really notice. 

P.S. It turns out that my dad -- who is my boss as well -- is now so annoyed, angry, and frustrated that he's yelling at everyone in the office over things. I know this is my fault. I just ruined everyone's day. Suddenly I just cannot feel like killing myself would be anything less than a complete positive. 