ready to break... againthird time posting here, i think. i am really not good at coping with this, i guess.

i'm totally sapped for energy so i'll make this short. my ocd, germaphobia, hypochondria, depression, and eating disorder are ruining my life. they have been ruining my life for a long time but i'm at the point again where i'm just ready to throw in the towel. i can't live like this anymore.

i have no health insurance and have exhausted virtually every option for mental and medical care i have in this city. i'm out of college and unable to work and broke and hundreds, if not thousands of dollars in debt to these countless doctor's visits, ER visits, psychiatric hospitalizations, etc etc. all were useless and i think i'm building a sort of reputation among the providers i see here because they don't take me seriously anymore. they look back on my records and treat me like i'm purposefully resisting recovery, purposefully annoying them and distracting them from "real" patients with "real" issues. i was in the ER again last night for something related to my eating disorder and had a doctor tell me to my face that i don't have an eating disorder. then condescendingly remarked on my psych history in my records and discharged me. this is definitely not the first time i've had an experience like this, but it was humiliating and infuriating all the same.

my family is exhausted by my issues and i get yelled at, insulted, manipulated, gaslighted, etc etc. they act like i struggle like i do just to spite them and make a point of how my suffering is ruining THEIR lives. and yet, while i know i shouldn't pity them after the lifetime of abuse i've received from them, i still feel so, so awful that they're suffering because of me. my dad self-medicates with drugs to cope with me and it makes me feel like i really am the massive burden he makes me out to be. he wanted a happy family after going through his own awful childhood and he got me instead.

i've lost pretty much all my friends, too. no one wants to associate with me anymore; i'm too depressing, and my panic attacks and suicidal ideation stress them out. i don't blame them at all, but it is so horribly fucking isolating. i can't express in words just how alone i feel. i think that may in fact be the worst part, beyond being unable to eat well enough, beyond being unable to leave my bedroom for fear of disease and death. the fact that i have to go through all this alone. no one knows what to do anymore except pity me from a distance.

i'm tired of being this way. i'm tired of being terrified, of not eating, of being so alone, of not being able to afford the help i need, of doctors treating me like the boy who cried wolf, of my family taking my mental issues as a personal insult. i've seriously gotten close to attempting before in this past year and i'm considering giving it another go. everyone hates me anyway, myself included. i'm nothing but a huge burden on everyone... if they want me to go away so badly, then maybe i will. there's no point in continuing to live just to struggle and deteriorate anyway.

but mostly i just want a friend, a friendship with a real connection. maybe i wouldn't be so afraid if i had someone to go through it with me every step of the way. but that was already too much for people who swore to me that they'd support me and stay close to me no matter what.