21, my life and where I am. I feel so dead already. What happened?I am 21 years old, and will be turning 22 before I know it. Time goes so fast and makes you feel so helpless. I’ve done nothing with my life. Now when you read that you probably think I am overreacting but I assure you that I have zero accomplishments in life. Everything the normal 21 year old should have, I don’t, and everything the normal 21 year old should be doing, I’m not. 


I look back as a kid, and I just don’t see how I let myself get into this position. At that point I felt like I had a good head on my shoulders to be a good person as I got older and if I would’ve thought about where I’d be at 21 it would be the complete opposite of my actual self. 


As a kid I lost everyone a kid should have in their life besides my one parent who I’m still lucky to have, but they themselves weren’t raised to be a productive adult and I also wasn’t raised that way.  Remember seeing counselors and being put on meds that made me feel sick. Despite truly believing I’m a good kid I did love getting into trouble at school, to the point where I was in behavioral classes. We moved around a lot and I’d eventually drop out. 

I was young and told myself I have time to figure what to do in life out, years have passed and I’m still in the same situation and it disgusts me. I’m so ashamed of myself, and hate myself for wasting time. 

I know you’re going to say I’m 21 and it’s young and I can still do this and that but it doesn’t change the fact that I’ve lost years. And in that time I’ve grown to hate myself, struggle to looking in the mirror and looking at myself in my eyes. Not because I think I’m ugly, but I can see the neglect I put on myself. This along with my terrible anxiety that runs my daily life makes me trying to do things so hard. And everything there is to do is a battle, and I get so exhausted from doing a simple thing. This makes me not want to be alive because I don’t enjoy doing anything since everything is such a daunting task. 

I just don’t feel like I was ready to become an adult and don’t think I know enough in life to be in this stage yet. I hate seeing people my age and younger pursuing real life goals while I’m here wondering where they even started with that. Then my anxiety becomes so bad and I just shutdown or I’ll have a panic attack. 

I was forced into hospitalization against my will due to family thinking I was gonna kill myself. This was years ago. Spent about a week in the hospital. Hated it there I told them what they needed to hear to let me finally leave. 

Since then everything has gotten worse because the older you get the more responsibility and expectations you have. I thought I felt so terrible then when I did in fact try and kill myself but now it’s worse. Life is dead to me I don’t enjoy anything. 

Besides this girl I met, only have known her for around early summer but we have been together and have both claimed to have deep feelings for each other. We argue and argue more than we talk but she has made me happy and want to be a better person for not only her but for myself. We stopped talking and I won’t allow myself to talk to her because I believe she is in the wrong but it sucks not having someone like that by your side. Especially when she comes into your life out of the blue and you were not even seeking that. 

The last few days I have been getting high off my ass (which I’ve always been against drugs) but it makes me feel asleep when I’m awake and dead when I’m asleep and it’s blissful. No thoughts and when the thoughts come you easily get distracted out of them. Xanax, weed and beer every night since we stopped talking. This is not something I could’ve seen myself doing let’s say 3 months ago. Crazy to me but I understand why people do drugs now. 

I’ve really been struggling to function, like I seriously can’t function not even for a day, everything is so difficult I feel so weak and like a shell of a person and inferior to everybody! My early anger turned into years of depression and now has turned into such anger !

I want to go check myself into a hospital, but my experience last time was really awful and I was told if I go myself I can leave if I ever want to. The thing is I feel beyond help, I truly don’t want to die but I cannot function ... I will not use any antidepressant or meds either by them, but I almost feel like I can’t live and I’m at the point of where when I tried killing myself years ago but instead I feel like I have to do it and I will feel very relieved when I do.