I've been thinking of killing myself for 25 years...and still have never made an attempt.It's my first time posting in a Suicide forum/sub. I've thought long and hard about suicide for most of my life. I don't have a life - especially in the past few years. I'm a vegetable. I'm treated horrifically by society, my family, doctors, therapists, etc. I'm barely functioning. Nothing ever works out for me. It's been an unbearable life, especially in the past few years. 

I've read up a lot about suicide over the years. It's a fascinating subject. I've read all the major books about it, and well as articles online. Why do some people commit suicide for a toothache, and others go through the most excruciating lives, long-term, without ever making an attempt?

Will I write a suicide note or not? Will it be 4 pages, single spaced, or something brief scrawled on a Post-It note? Or will it be a text or email to a friend or family member? Or will it be to random people online, on a discussion forum?

Why don't I just do it? I've researched guns and methods to commit suicide extensively over the years. I'm often in the "research" phase of whatever I'm doing - that's my personality. I'm risk-averse. Suicide is the greatest risk ever. I don't know how it will go. Will I be unsuccessful and just turn into a real physical vegetable, not just a psychological one? Will I turn myself brain dead or paraplegic? 

I did once go to a famous bridge to make a jump. I didn't do it, of course. I walked the length of the bridge and back, at night, peering over certain areas that looked like it would be good for jumping. I thought the bridge was strictly patrolled to stop jumpers, but apparently they didn't find me suspicious. 

What lies ahead after suicide? Do I go to hell? Heaven? Will I move around like a spirit or ghost? Will I reincarnate? Most likely I'll just be dead. And that's that. No soul, no recollection of my past, no me. I'm sure that's it, that's what I've always thought. 

Suicide is one of the most common forms of death for my gender, race, and age group in the US. Suicide ideation is also very common for people of my demographic group. However, I believe much more white males commit suicide. My risk aversion, culture, and overall caring parents prevent me from committing suicide. 

I live an excruciating life. I'm shunned by society, bullied, abused, and ostracized constantly, by everyone, everywhere. People automatically judge me and see me in the worst and most untrue ways possible. I don't know what I am. I am constantly shocked and hurt to an extreme. I've never had a place in society - I'm a NEET, black sheep,  uncool, and truly forever alone. 

But by holding off on suicide for so many years, I'm just extending my suffering. It's something I've always known I should do, but I simply can't get myself to carry it out.  