I'm giving life just one more chanceSorry for any grammar mistakes. I'm suck at grammar.

I have all my suicide notes written except for one that I need to do tonight that goes to my youth minister and his wife. I'm writing this to vent I guess. To see if there's anything still worth living for. I've tried to find something anything that's worth staying for. But I couldn't find anything, so I know my worth. 
My worth is nothing.

 I'm tired of not being good enough. I know I'm not good enough. Because I wasn't good for my former moms, the only people who actually treated me like a son. But I screwed that up cause I'm so stupid and worthless. I put all my value on them and cause mental strain on them so they had to leave me. Everything that they told me feels like such a big lie now. All it did was reinforce my mom issues, abandonment issues, and touch starved issues. I want someone to hold me and give me affection like they did. I can't see anyone as family anymore cause if I do I feel like they're just gonna leave just like my moms did. I miss them so much. I just want a actual mom. 

 I'm not good enough for other people. I had a crush on a girl who we'll call Sophya, and Sophya liked me back. So we talked more and she told me that she wasn't ready or mature enough for a relationship. Which was fine with me and I told her to do what's best for her. But guess what she does next? She goes and dates my one of my best friends. She said that she liked both of us. But ultimately she ended up with him. It not even that I wish she would get together with me. It's the fact that she told me that she wasn't ready and told me no then got together with someone who I thought I could trust and wouldn't hurt me. That literally tells me that I'm not good enough for others.

All I ever do is upset my friend group. I don't deserve them. I'm so openly suicidal with them and joke all the time about how I want to die and kill myself. They get upset with about how much I talk about it. Which is fair. But it's just a cry for help but they don't seem to notice. That's not their fault in anyway I should just be honest with them and that's on me. I understand that. I swear I'm the worst friend that they could have. I feel like they just hang out with me out of pity cause I'm not good enough. I don't deserve them.

Finally, I come to my youth minister and his wife. I've always been close to my youth minister since the 7th grade and I'm a senior now. So he's gotten to see me go through junior high and high school. He's filled the dad role in my life. Since my actual dad never really gives me any attention. I've only grown close with his wife over the past year. She always just been a trusted adult that I could go to if I needed any advice. As she's a very logical person. Since my moms left me I've been looking at her to fill that mom role in my life and she haven't. I shouldn't except out of her as she not the type to do that. The only people that I can think of who would miss me would be them as they been apart of my life for 5 years. But I know I'm just a disappointment in their lives. My youth minister says he see me as his son but again, I'm just one big disappointment so I feel I let him down a lot. I wish I could live with them and have a better support system then what I actually do at home. My dad and my stepmom don't care about me or what happens in my life. But I'm so afraid that they're just going to leave me. I haven't spoken with them for awhile and I feel like if I kill myself now I don't have to deal with the pain of them leaving me. 

I hope you enjoyed reading about what is the mess of Max's life. I plan of killing myself when the next time my parents are out of the house. I'm gonna go buy some pills and overdose. I have nothing to live for. I'm done. I'm worthless and no one will care when I'm gone.