I've pretty much given upI've always been one to see meaning in nearly everything. As of yet, I haven't seen it in life. I had my dream job, my dream girl (we were engaged), I was fit, everything was fucking peachy. 

Long story short, everything fell apart due to stress, leading to drug abuse and alcoholism. There's actually a lot more that went into it, but I won't get into it.

I've decided that I'm gonna do it. I will end my own life. I have a specific time to do it, but not a specific place. I want it to have a meaning. I could go out in a blaze of glory by taking down as many neo-Nazis with me as possible, as I live pretty close to the party HQ. I've also considered going in front my ex-fiances house, and doing it on her front porch. She fucked me up in the head, big time. I would love to return the favor. My final option is to go back to the yellow footprints on Parris Island, and end my 2 year hell where it all began. 

I have attempted to take my own life before, but no no avail; the first time I was by the train tracks, and the MPs arrested me before the train came. The second time, right before I was being inprocessed to the brig, I swallowed 2.5 GRAMS of diphenhydramine, had a seizure, ended up in a three day coma. Both of these WERE NOT calls for attention, I must stress. I didn't tell anyone, I just wanted everything to end.

The only thing that's really stopping me is my family and friends. I care too much about them to leave them, but the pain won't leave me, no matter how many muscle relaxers, mood-stabilizers, or anti-psychotics I take. I've tried therapy. I've tried drugs (both street and prescribed), and the only thing that seems to help is opiates. I haven't taken any since May, and my demons seem to follow me no matter what I do. 

I've given up, reddit. What should I do?

**TL;DR:** I had it all, I lost it all. I want to have meaning to my end, because my life didn't have meaning. The most dangerous drugs to take are the only things that help. What should I do?