Mom told me and sisters that she wont care if any of her kids killed herselfWhat happened: mom got into a huge fight with lil sis, locked her in her room, went back to her room to hit her and at the same time finding out that my lil sis is already holding cutter and scissor. Still continued to hit her and after that yelled "go ahead and kill yourself, see if i care!" (Roughly translated to english)

Why they fight: i went back home for holiday after leaving for college for 6 months, mom wanted to have lunch with everyone but lil sis doesnt want to. I told her that we can go another day since dad was out of town anyway but mom was not having any of it and was really upset calling dad saying that lil sis is rude to me because I'm not always in town. I didnt feel that my sister is rude, didnt really care if she were to come to lunch or not because we werent close in the first place anyway. It escalated so much that dad had to flew back home to calm the situation down.

This happened two years ago but it still fucks me up so much. Before whenever i feel depressed i could tell myself "dont do it, mom and dad would be sad" and all that but after that happened... I know that they wont be sad. They wont even care. I would just be an inconvenience for them because i now live outside of the country. Whenever i feel like i want to kill myself i cant help but to remember about this incident. I keep feeling "if mom doesnt even care if i died no one will"
I wish i can say that i have friends who care about me but really... I dont have any. I'm just always by myself in class and it sucks. I'm trying so hard to join their convo but they said "no" whenever i asked them what they're talking about.

Right now the only thing keeping me from not killing myself is because i have a violin, and if i were to die then no one would play her.

After all this mom still even had it to play the victim saying "our kids doesnt like me I'll live outside of the town with you" to dad
Like... Wtf?

Remembering the situation upsets and saddens me at the same time. My mental health really worsen after that though it's getting a lot better now compared with before. It's just getting bad whenever I'm around her or getting any calls from her. I feel like walking on eggshells around her. I envy my friend for telling me that his parents were worried when he made suicide attempts.

I hate my mom and wish she would just die. TBH i left the country for college because I'm running away from her. She's so toxic. I feel bad for running away and left my sisters with her. I hate how she said that I'm not grateful for being born and raised by her. I didnt even ask to be born. She couldve just aborted me or killed me and i would give no shit because i would be dead. I hope that she would die already.