How do you cope with failure?How do people cope with failure? I am currently failing out of college and feel worthless and a waste of time money and space. Espically the time of one of my teachers who did his best to help me study and pass. I am a waste of money because I am not paying for college my mom and dad are. I am also a waste of time to my boyfriend who is in the same major who tried to teach everything to me. Another teacher I have, let's call her Mrs.P for privacy sake. Mrs.P is a horrible teacher. She teaches the students who she sees have potential. She only wants to help the students she likes. Not only that she did not do anything when two students were caught copying an answer sheet for an online exam. She just checked our browser history after we left. It also doesn't help she had my boyfriend in her classes in 2016 and 2017 and my boyfriend is helping me learn because she doesn't teach. She just spends the two hours reading the material. She can't answer our questions. She accused me of cheating in front of my entire class to the point I left the class in tears. I talked to our advisor of our program and he talked to Mrs.P about what I had said. She finished lecture early one day and said to the class that the program advisor spoke to her. She starting ranting they said this because the class is hard and they think I'm a hardass etc. Then I turned beat red and everyone started giving me shit about it outside of class. I tried my best on every assignment and test. I need a 90 on both parts of the final to pass. I give up and I feel bad for any incoming students into the networking division of this school. Here's the kicker she's retiring in 2020 so that's her excuse. My other teacher even called her out and nothing is getting done. He's taking over her classes in 2020. Let's call him Mr.H again privacy sake. Mr.H is an amazing teacher his classes are hard sure but he make you wanna learn. He was helping me try and pass my class with Mrs.P. I felt like I let him down because he worked so hard with me to study and take notes and stuff. I also feel like I let my family down because if I graduated I'd be the first in family to complete college. I have struggled with depression scince I was 12 and I've been managing. But this just hit hard because if I fail Mrs.P class I have to come back in the spring which I cannot afford to do even with loans. I feel it's pointless to continue. I'm litterly 3 classes from a degree and she is the reason I can't get it. I don't feel anything just emptiness and sadness. I want to die but I know that's not the right choice. It's just I don't feel anything. I don't care about college anymore because I can't pass Mrs.P class. I don't care about anything, my health, my boyfriend, my existence. None of it means anything if I drop out and am labeled a failure. I don't even wanna get out of bed because the final is tomarrow and I know I am not gonna pass. 

TL:DR: failing college, fell worthless, how do you cope with such severe failure? 