What do you guys think?For the first time in my life, I had a mental break down. This happened yesterday in the later afternoon, and I would like to know if there is anyone out there whom can tell me what is going to happen next.

To give a background about what led up to this, here it goes:

I have been dealing with depression dating back to my high school days, and I never really thought much of it. It was a cycle each year of going through it, and I thought it is something that everyone went through. All of these waves of emotions that came through, I was able to subdue and somehow get over it. Afterwards, I went back to being how I usually was. For some reason it was very different this year, as I could not get over it just like how I did before. There were feelings of disconnection, hopelessness, and many sleepless nights to go with it (Insomnia). In order to get out of this rut, I kept myself busy and constantly made moves (work out, hang out with friends, attend events, etc.).

Yesterday, I went to an aquarium with a large group of friends. Everything was fine as we were having a good time. People eventually split up due to the hectic day it was at the place. I was with a group of my friends that I usually hung out with, then it hit me. This strange ambient feeling that brought me back to hopelessness. There was a strong feeling of disconnection, and I left my friends as they were busy seeing otters swimming. I went ahead to see the other exhibits, but eventually left the building to catch some fresh air. Later on, we all met up to eat lunch and went home. On the drive back home, these waves of emotions kept building up inside me. I almost broke out in tears, but I kept it in. As soon as I got home, then there it was... the moment of falling apart.

The tears started flowing out, and I started shaking uncontrollably. I thought it would stop after a bit, but it got progressively worse as each minute passed. There was so much weeping, and I just lost it. I started to put my head inside the sink, lay on the bathroom floor, lay on my bedroom floor, walk around, lay in my bed, etc. It got so bad to the point that I walked up to the kitchen sink, picked up the knife and put it on my wrist. So close, I was so close to ending it all. But a part of me knew that this was not the way. I let the knife go, and went to my bed. After an hour of this mess, I called my brother and sister-in-law for help.

It's been a little more than 24 hours since this incident has happened as I am writing this post. I am exhausted, and everything seems so surreal at the moment. I am going through the motions, and trying to figure out what to do from here. In the meantime, I guess it will be back to the way it was.