Oh oh...again. I ALMOST fucked up royally...Ugh. So I go to this big supermarket about a mile away from where I live to cut...and...I got seen. BIG time. Crap. The lady wasn't a manager or anything but she told me to leave the store and there WAS a manager there with her. Yikes. Here is how it went down:

She comes into the bathroom where I am still trying to get these damn cuts to stop bleeding and sees me. Too late to hide them. My upper arms are a mess...and I know it. She follows me out of the bathroom to the little bathroom/employee lounge/office space there.

Her: "You are going to have to leave the store."

Me: head down, shamed to the very core of me.

Her: "You can't be doing that (nods at my arms) here..."

Me: (Mumbling) "I won't."

Her: "You already did, so you have to leave..."

Me: Left the store without another word of protest, nothing because I was caught and there was nothing I could do to change that fact. Caught red-handed...

I walked all the way home thinking. Surprisingly, NOT about killing myself! My thoughts were elsewhere. I was thoroughly embarrassed and humiliated because even though the confrontation had taken place in the back behind closed doors where no one could hear, I felt like all eyes were on me as I was leaving. I am SO lucky she didn't call the cops on me...I looked over my shoulder the WHOLE way home. Talk about paranoia. Nobody came for me.

Then I did the only thing I know how: I called the store and talked with that lady. I apologized and she was surprised (heard it in her voice) and told me not to do that anymore because I was scaring the customers. I agreed...willingly and honestly. 

I feel tons better. No real thoughts of dying even now. That kind of scared me so much that my head cleared a little bit and I feel a pinch better than I usually do.

Good grief that was a close call. Hum. Can't say I will stop cutting, but it won't be there anymore. I go there a LOT to walk (part of my route) so I can't afford to get banned permanently from the store. We shop there too...&gt;_&lt; D'OH.

Ok. That is my story for today. Good gracious...I need to calm down...still. Thanks for reading all!

~LG