I'm 18 and already a failure of a human beingWhat's the point? 


I'm 18. No relationship. No close friends- only a few people I talk to at my university who don't keep in touch during the summer. Even still, I often eat by myself at the dining hall in my university every single day for every single meal its so miserable- especially since the tables for 1-2 people is right next to the table of 12. I get to look at other people being happy while I loathe over my meal. 


I have no job. I tried getting a summer job to help pay some expenses for school. Mcdonalds didn't want me. Manager promised to call me for an interview. Never did. 


Tried another job that had a help wanted sign. I've been in the store 4 times now- they keep telling me to come back cause they never have applications. This has been going on for a month now. They can go fuck off. I only keep going for the off chance I'll get a job for the remaining week before I head off for school. Which won't happen. 


My family despises me because I'm not religious. They also think I'm a failure because I do nothing all day but watch anime on my computer and play videogames. I never go outside unless its to inquire about a job. I've gone outside 7 times this summer. I've been off from school since May. 


My cat hates me too. She no longer wants to play with me. 


My dream job is to work for google but if I can't get a summer job what's to say I'll get a job at a major company. Yeah right. 


All I'm doing is gaining and gaining a shitton of debt from the school I go to. I constantly dream of getting in a horrific car crash so that I can be permanently disabled. So society won't expect me to work. So I can watch anime and be miserable for the rest of my life. So I won't have to stress myself out over not ever having a job. 


I have no skills, no job, no real family, no love. No friends. Nothing. I'll have over 70k of student debt when I graduate. Probably won't have a job offer. What's the point of dealing with that in 3 years when I could just end everything right now. 