This was supposed to be my weekend off...This weekend was supposed to be my weekend off. I have had ONE day off in the past THREE weeks. Instead, my work decided to schedule me for first aid training. So, I woke up at 8:30am, showered, shaved, brushed my teeth, and drove to the office. I got there at 9:25am; there were no cars in the parking lot. I hobbled over to the side entrance on my injured foot and it was locked. I walked around the building trying all the doors; I finally found one that I was unlocked. I walked to the training room, which was on the other side of the building, and no one's there. I walked back to my car and plugged my phone in; I called my supervisor once my phone had a charge. "I'm at the office for first aid training," I told her "and no one's here." She told me the training was happening in a building behind the main building - a building no one ever even told me about. All I was told was to be "at the office" for training at 9:30am. So, I drove around to this back building that I never knew about, park, and run inside. My foot is killing me by this point. Then the trainer told me that I would have to come back another day because I'm 20 minutes late. I pleaded with her to let me take the course. I went to school to become an EMT and worked as a police officer; I know first aid backwards and forwards. Hell, I could probably teach the class in a pinch. She wasn't having it. So, I apologized and left.

The thing is, I'm sick and tired of this fucking gong show. My foot's injured because I have worked over 200 hours so far this month; I have had no time to rest it because I'm working so much. Meanwhile, my supervisor is working a nice, cushy 9-to-5 job. She gets every weekend off and complains when she has to do any actual work. I hate my job and just want to quit, but I can't because I took this job out of desperation. I was unemployed for almost a year and this was the first job I was offered.

I just want to die. I hate my job. My finances are fucked. I failed at life anyway. I'm 27 years old and still live with my mom. I dropped out of college in 2011 and have no hope of going back at this point. I don't have a girlfriend or even any friends. What's the point of me staying alive?