I stopped trying on being happyIts not that i havent tried, i have. Ive tried every possible thing. Youd think that after faking it for so long amd lying to yourself for just as much, youd be happy. That isnt quite the case. My life is filled with misery, im not quite sure when, what, and how. Ive tried at fixing my mistakes, create memories, force on happiness. But that too didnt bring me joy. Faking it feels wrong, it feels like an improvise. What is a life worth living when happiness and a purpose is nonexistent. I dont have a purpose in thia life. Im not needed by anyone, im not used by anyone, i dont serve anyone, no one serves me, i dont benefit anyone. Im simply there and sometimes cause a burden. A life with no purpose and no happiness is not a life worth living in my eyes. If no one would mourn, or even know when i died, what does that say about connections? They wouldnt care if id died, it wouldnt cause them any emotions. It wouldnt effect them at all. And thats when you give up in trying. Theres no point in trying to have happiness, to get help, to get better it  doesnt benefit anyone it changes nothing, it only causes burden to youself. And if you dont have the safe spaces, whare else can you go, in those spaces, you fill in those empty spots with touch, smell, or even sound a place where that thing would replenish that void like sensation. I can make a choice however, i have the choice of death. Im miserable, im tired of livig the same thing everyday everyhour where happiness is nonexistent and i have no purpose.  My safe spaces would vanish if i ever became happy, happiness has brought nothing but trauma, not having it kees me safe as long as i have my safe space  Where i have no one, anyone, just me. All alone in my head, creating voices to talk to about these ideas. I dont contribute to anydthing in this world. This inevitable world. If i wwrw to die now by choice, what difference would it be? Id only save the future trauma and burden.in the end, its all the same. I have no purpose, no happiness, i have no point in living. Everyday is always just a disappointment because thats what everyones told me. Im meant to die.