My name's Theodore. This is my confession.Let me begin with a disclaimer that I've never used Reddit before and I'm not privy to any existing protocol meant to be followed. English isn't my first language. And mine's a life I wouldn't wish on my worst of enemies.

My name's Theo, and I'm 23 years old. I feel human, though recurring patterns of slightly different, yet monotonously repetitive encounters with some of you make me question that judgment. At times, I feel as lonely and depressed as someone in my position deserves to feel. In others, I dismiss those thoughts as facetious musings of an idle mind. Ever since my childhood years I've felt a gaping disconnect with my peers that's bored a life-sized hole in my sanity; the depths of which would be impossible to define. I took out my rage whenever I could - the only possible way I could - on stray animals which I'd convinced my mother to be allowed into our home. I've harmed many. Wounded more. And killed beyond counting. This, despite never harbouring any intention to hurt;  some of them I'd raised myself. I punched two holes in a baby sparrow's lungs before releasing it, somewhat shocked at what I'd done. It died in mere seconds, squealing as it left behind a bloody mess. I mauled a young pigeon - smashing its round head against my window repeatedly. Mother found its half-eaten carcass returning from work. I also incapacitated my pet rabbit for life once when I was home alone - its only fault being an infectiously bubbly, if slightly excessive enthusiasm. I've lost count of my sickly exploits, but have been blessed enough to have been delivered from those memories and urges in recent times. All this was merely my past - I haven't harmed anything for the past three years. And no one's ever found out.

I've been reasonably aloof throughout the course of my life, my only lens of looking at the world being an unrestrained, unhealthy, and desperate envy. I've hated as much as I've craved with a passion, the maddening happiness that I see in two lovers' eyes. Deep, meaningful, impossibly close relationships. Depraved and manic I may be deemed, but I've always wished, yearned, begged and prayed for that one little ounce of humanity. I've dared only to love once, but was denied. By her fear of me being the monster I seem. My inability to convince her otherwise left me all the more miserable. "I could be electrifying but possess no morals." I still glance through her texts on occasion, cherishing her refreshingly youthful, humble innocence. Though I might eventually have killed it. Jk.

None of my other relationships have lasted a year and I'd always preferred it that way. I've always craved something more. Something most people couldn't put a finger on. I've never been bullied or abused, nor have I hurt anyone, but I've always been the distant, unfeeling stranger who observed with a lustful envy - a world he couldn't experience. I'm a monster in a world of men, a monster who wants to love more than any man ever could. Dear Reddit, what do I deserve? 