Completely ashamed of myself to the point that I WANT to die (long)Hello  I am here to say that I'm completely embarrassed of myself, to the point where  suicide is beginning to sound very appealing. 

Basically, I suffer from a trifold of personal issues that have severely impacted my success going forward in life, and im embarrassed to admit it. 

Basically, I'm 25 and still pretty much am dependent on my parents for money.., they help me pay my rent, to an old woman, a family friend, because I don't have anyone else to live with.... because I don't have any frinds my age really, and haven't really, since high school,  which was over eight years ago, with the exception of my cousin, who I only get to see every two or three months.  Other than that I have no social  life to speak of, amd haven't, all of this time.  So while  everyone else was off going to college and going to parties and all of that jazz, I pretty much abandoned the opportunity to partake in this, because my social anxiety towards the end of high school  was so bad that I literally stopped going to class, amd soon refused to wake up in the morning altogether.  Soon, I found myself sleeping all day long to avoid life. My parents got concerned and sent me to thist all girls boarding  school when I was 18 to try to fix this issue.  
This didn't fix it however.  I stopped going to school in the first place because I was having serious social issues. I couldn't look people in the eye and never had anything to say and it got so bad that at one point one day I literally hid alk day long in the girl's  bathroom until school ended .  I'm telling this story because it should give you an understanding for how heightened my social anxiety and genuine social seclusion was. So I went to this boarding school, and needless to say the social issues ththat i came with didn't go away.  I was forced to be  in close quarters with other girls all day long, with ample opportunities for friendship, but instead I befriended no one .  I hardly spoke a word to any of them, all the while they seemed to be forming close connections, over a 5 or 6 month period.
Anyway, I'm sorry to go on a life story rant but I have to get it out somehow, it's been eating me alive and it's  destroying me.  So after boarding school, I came home feeling just as weird and awkward as I did before... and promptly resumed the same behavior of sleeping all the time.  I didn't want to think about the upcoming future, about being an adult, which I felt unprepared to become.  My parents were frustrated by this and tried to get me help, and even enrolled me in the local college FOR me.  I realize how ridiculous that even is.  Anyway, I went naively forward thinking this would be great for me, because they were enthusiastic that once I got there everything would be magically  fine .  Instead, I got there, enrolled starting in the summer, and was going along fine, got along with roommates and such until fall rolled along, when I was supposed to  be relocated into a new dorm, with a whole new set of people.   I flipped.  I complerely panicked and ended up backsliding because the girl that was assigned as my roommate was way quote cooler than I was, and I had been led to think up until this point that I was nothing but the epitome of awkward and weird and unlikeable, to the point where my mere presence was odious. So what ended up happening.., was that I stopped going to class altogether, amd decided to try to escape this in retrospect silly insignificant situation by moving in with some guy I'd met at the one single party I went to the whole time i was at college and wound up moving in with him almost immediately to try to avoid life.  I wound up making an embarrassment of myself by basically leaching off of him for the next six or seven  months, living at his place free, and pretty much never going outside of it even while he was away at work.  I don't know what I did to pass the time really.  I don't know how he put up with this, or how I let myself stoop to this level of weird, subhuman behavior.  Needless to say, me and this individual broke up, amd my mom ended up moving me out of his place after she found out about my academic probation.  They tried moving me back home for a while.   I then was supposed to go back to community college, which I have been going to on and off for the last SEVEN years, in between bouts of wanting to give up completely  and also periodically skipping classes and failing classes due to lack of attendance due to persisting social anxiety.
In the meantime, I've had several,  okay, quite a few different jobs in different businesses, almost all of which I've ended up quitting because I'm pathetic, amd always fail at getting to know people, amd now legitmately have reason to be morbidly terrified  of letting them get to know me, because on top of all of this, all I seem to capable of in my spare time is obsessing about what a horrific  mess I am, rather  than taking an interest in anything else.... so I have virtually zero hobbies outide of talking about my issues,which makes the whole talking to people thin general I'm so afraid of all the harder. 
Anyways, I have a lot more to talk about, but this is getting way too long.  Basically, I keep fucking myself over due to extreme shyness and not being able to assert myself, and have for years, and have wound up at twenty five years old and washed up, uneducated  and very inexperienced in life and probably socially clueless adult who has no friends, no real experiences to talk about to try to make friends, no interests, and so on, amd I'm morbidly terrified of letting go anyone get to know me cuz theres nothing TO know. so the prospect  of getting a job and fixing my money issues and social issues are looking slimmer and glimmer. I've even been considering  trying to work from home as an option, that is how stuck in feel and afraid I feel of changing this lifestyle.  
I now don't know what to do because I am getting older every year and still haven't been ab,e to get a  grip, and it's getting harder to hide from relatives.   The last four or more years have been so painfully awkwars at Christmas and the such, having to try to explain why I don't have a career, only a job here and there, why i still don't have a man in my life when all, the other cousins my age do have these things...and so on.   The longer I let myself be this isolated, I fear the harder it's going to get for me to integrate myself into society.  Shit, it's already hard amd incredibly embarrassing and terrifying, and why I am stallingoing on making any improvements.  
What, people, should I honestly do to get over this? Should I just accept that possible embarrassment is inevitable and somehow grow comfortable with the fact that I'll always feel like a socially awkward duck, or do I honestly own up to how I've lived my life even if it's been embarrassing this far, and even though this might alienate me from people? It hurts knowing that it's true that I haven't lived a normal or socially acceptable life,  amd I don't want to become any more of a pariah than I've already turned myself into.  Seriously though, how does somebody recover from this? Is there any hope, or should I really just go put a gun to my Head? I'm willing to do it and I'm getting ready.  It certainly doesn't help that there's a guy whose actually interested in me that I only met due to a random fluke due to my one and only friend something about me when she was at a bar and he has no idea who I actually am.  It gets kinda awkwars pretending to have a life when you don't  actually have one.  Anyways what the hell do I do, how do I turn around during nearly a lifetime of social isolation and indecency and Quickly? If I can't get a relatively quick turn around in a relatively short amount of time,  and I'm talking about couple months at most, I'm going to do it, I'm going to commit suicide.  I just can't stand this eery pathetic lonervous anymore, I hate feeling like I'll only live to be judged harshly by other people.