36F, life is beautiful on paper, but I don't careI am 36, female, laying in bed, and I want to die.  I realized it because the furnace starting having problems, and I started to worry about carbon monoxide poisoning and think about getting out of the house, and then I just gave up.  I thought "you already don't want to live, and CO poisoning is warm, simple, and painless.  And nobody would know it was suicide."  So I lay back down in bed.  It's not a carbon monoxide leak after all - the landlord is fixing the furnace and it's all fine, the house is fine.  But - I still gave up, and I still don’t care, and I imagine doing it with a knife instead, or a scarf, or a car, or a bridge, who knows.  I've thought about the knife most often in a practical sense.

My life seems amazing to the people around me - I just started a new job in a brilliant new city, I’m at the top of my field and I’m making a great salary for the first time in my life, I’m thin and beautiful and I have great hair, I can be witty and charming, I’m smart.  I am surrounded by nothing but possibility, but all I feel is the nothing part.  And I understand in a practical sense why I’m depressed tonight: on paper everything is wonderful, but I just moved cross-country and don’t have any friends here yet, I don’t have any children or a significant other and I’m not on good terms with my family, I’m making a huge salary but still broke from the move so I can’t afford to go out, and I think I don’t really believe in my career anymore.

I just don’t believe it’s worth starting all over again.  I’ve read the suicide help pages that talk about envisioning your life a year from now, all the things you might miss out on if you kill yourself.  But… I’ve been suicidal before.  And this is a year out, two years out, fifteen years out.  And it’s completely true that in the interim I have indeed done amazing things - travelled the world, fallen in love, helped people, made music, cried in the arms of dear friends, danced and laughed, reached the top of my career.  And I still want to kill myself, just like I did a year ago, two years ago, fifteen years ago.  And it all just seems pointless.  To simply continue doing things, for another sixty years, until I die.  I’ve started to do things simply to convince myself that I don’t want to kill myself, not because I genuinely want to do them.

And despite the work that I do - my career (heavily service-focused, constantly supporting and uplifting people), my volunteer work (literally travelling the world to help people in need), my music - I do not believe that the world is a fundamentally better place with me in it, nor do I believe it is fundamentally worse without me.  It simply is, and here I am.  And so I could either take that to mean I should just continue living, or I may as well die.  But I wish I felt more strongly about it, because on nights like this it seems better all around if I just killed myself and gave up the spot to someone who wanted it more, because I don’t.