I’m lowkey stuck in an existential loop and want to cut it off so badI don’t really know what to do anymore. I’m 18 but I feel like my life’s already over. I have some trouble speaking with people, my confidence somehow manages to tank below rock bottom and it feels like my depression and past hangs over me like an albatross.

Y’know, originally 2020 was going to be a great year. For the first time in 3 years I would be able to make friends and reverse my social anxiety and issues speaking with others by going to a public high school for my senior year. I would be able to make friends and fix my problems in order to have a better and more enjoyable future. I was there for a month before the lockdown began and with it, those dreams dispersed like ash in the wind.

Now I’m in my freshman year of uni. It’s all online again and there’s talk of it being long term. Safe to say when hearing about this I lost all will when it came to schooling, I barely listen anymore and everything feels so cold and alone again.
 
Speaking of enjoyability. Nothing is enjoyable anymore. It feels like there’s no purpose to anything I do and that I’m just filling unneeded space and time. The only thing I can find solace and passion in is music which usually calms me down but I’m not going to be able to do anything with it.

Recently I’ve thought about what life will be after quarantine. At first I was optimistic, hoping to build a real social life for the first time, go out and have fun and build relationships both romantic and friendly. As time goes on and I see the lockdowns extending and other stuff. The more I’m realizing I’m fucked out of the gate. While I’m a bit better at socializing from that month in I still have some problems communicating mainly because I’m terrified for no real reason and I’m not confident at all. When I talk with people or walk by them I can’t help but feel subhuman, like anyone and everyone is my superior just waiting to mock and scold me for messing up. It feels like those scars of homeschool still hover over me as some spectre stopping me from readjusting.

In recent weeks my suicidal thoughts have been coming back. Several times at work I’ve had to stop myself from slicing my arm open or throwing myself into the trash compacted. When I drive I notice I’ve become less caring about my personal safety. I remember a time where I ran a yellow light and felt disappointed no one t-bones my car in the intersection.


I just wish I could go back and switch my schooling. At least I wouldn’t have missed out on so much of life up until now