Don't know when or how but I probably will die of suicide.Yes. I don't know when it will be, whether it's going to be in one year, five years, or 10 years. All I know is that I will mostly likely commit suicide.

To be honest, my life has never been hard. I had hard parents to constantly work and put food on the table and a roof over my head. I have 4 siblings. One of the siblings (brother) is two years old and he makes me so happy because I always wanted a brother after so many years of having 3 sisters. I go to a pretty good university studying Engineering and I basically go there for free. 

But, my social skills during pre-college years haven't always been the best. I was always known as the quiet kid. Not that I didn't say a word. I just was not outgoing. If I knew who you were and were comfortable with you. I would constantly talk to you. Not being outgoing killed my high school experience for me. Never went to a football game, never hung out with friends outside of school, never went to prom or a school dance, never was anyone's first choice, and never had a girlfriend. Now most of these opportunities (girlfriend and prom) I missed due to having a low self-esteem. But do you know how it feels to see all your school friends posting pictures of Facebook or Instagram and seeing all the fun they're having? Yeah, I cried during my high school prom night because I felt like a failure and a social fuck-up. I wished I made close friends in high school so I could have someone to talk to or hang out with during break. 

Starting college was a different experience for me. I met a lot of people and I broke out of my shell. I became more outgoing and social. But, that's the reason why I hate my freshmen year. I came to college unprepared. I wished I would have been more social in high school so by the time I went to college, I was an outgoing person. Now it's too late, whether I'm social or not. Everyone has their own friend group and I'm stuck with 3 odd roommates for next year. My roommates for next year are the opposite of outgoing. Why did I decide to room with them? They invited me and because I didn't having anyone else to room with, I accepted (big mistake). I want to be more social and outgoing I need to surround myself with outgoing people right? Well, these people drag me down. Do you know what it feels like to stay in your dorm on a Friday or Saturday night while everyone else on your hall is at a party or concert? Horrible. I can't even tell you the amount of times I cried because I was so lonely and wanted to have some fun. I can't tell you how many times I cried because I didn't get invited to a social event by people on my hall. Now, it's too late. Everyone by the end of freshmen year has their own group of friends. So it will will impossible for me to make a new group of friends. 

I wanted to join a fraternity but like I said I came unprepared to college in terms of social skills so I didn't rush this semester. I don't know if I will rush next semester because I'm already struggling with my classes and I want to keep my gpa above a 3.0. You may think this may be a stupid reason to kill myself but understand the pain I feel when I don't have my own group of friends that I really connect with. In high school I had nobody but now since my life is beginning and I still have no one, it's a horrible feeling. I always wanted to have a group of friends that will have my back, you know? A group of friends to spend the weekend at the beach, go to the bar on the weekends, go to the city when we all turn 21, go to a concert (I always wanted to go to a concert), or go to a huge sport game. I want to have close friends that I'll keep in touch with after college or make one of them my best man at my wedding or something. It honestly makes me depressed that it may not happened. 

I don't think I look ugly or don't take care of myself. Like I said college made me break out of my shell which also increase my self-esteem but I still have moments of low self-esteem. I workout, dress nice, have good hygiene, nice haircut/nice hairstyle, white and perfect teeth, and other things. So yeah, I'm trying to improve my self. But, honestly I don't know how much longer I can resist the loneliness. I don't have anyone to hang out with. Most of the weekends I want to go out and have fun but with who? Loneliness will one day kill me. 