HI.Since I don't know where to start, I'll just begin with myself.

I'm a guy, thirty-something.  I am a spiritual man, most would call what I practice Buddhism, but I am a Christian first, I think the two religions meld quite nicely.  I am afraid of death, but have seen so much of it, I think that I may be able to meet it peacefully.  I work on that every day.

So what is my problem?  I don't have a problem, I have many, many problems.

I am a cancer survivor, when I was a child, I was treated for Leukemia.  So because of that, I have an avalanche of medical problems:

Heart Disease,
Liver Disease,
Blind in one eye,
75% hearing loss,
Sterility,
Hepititis C (blood x-fusion),
Major Fatigue,
Unemployed for 3 Years,
and of course Depression.

You live your life, and every day you count your blessings.  You try to stay in the moment and make simple plans for tomorrow.  You do this with a hope of the future, a relationship maybe.  A visit with friends, and family, or simply the promise of a nice cup of coffee tomorrow.

But I can't plan.  I can't have a woman, because I would hurt her.  Why waste energy with a desire that would only end up in pain?  The probability of actually meeting a woman, and being honest with her, and having her accept that and enter into a real intimate relationship, is like freaking NOTHING.  Let's not kid ourselves.

Whenever I have a breakthrough, and am able to move a little and engage myself, I hit a wall, and am knocked down (always on a mountain when I fall).  For the last three weeks or so I have been able to work on my car, setting it up for a long trip, adding a trailer hitch, and fixing the brakes.  All this in order to move away and do something with myself.  

I had an arrhythmia attack today,  anxiety or real, it doesn't matter which anymore.  There all the same in my book, mind affects body affects mind. . . .

I don't have health coverage. . . but my situation is such that I really need it.  I went to the ER today, and they noticed some extreme heart related data, but sent me home anyway.  They want me to visit my doctor.  HA!   K.

I don't want to kill myself, but gosh, it really seems to pop into my head an awful lot.  What If this windstorm kills me?  It might.  What If this car hits me and my dog?  It might.  It might be for the better.  I wouldn't mind.  But would I be happy with my life?  No.

No, not really.

I have excuses but It all falls on me in the end.

I'm sorry, but I am just really sad at the moment.

We all have to accept our circumstances, the hand that we are dealt is the hand we play.  And the more I look at the odds, it becomes a fools game.

I think I find comfort in the M*A*S*H song lyric: "Suicide. . . I can take or leave it if I please".  I think of Ramón Sampedro, and I know him.  I can understand him with a glance, and I love him.  He died in the water, and that is the way what it was meant to be.  


But what if there is more?  My thought, is to find the courage.  Cast off all of my lingering desires and defeats.  Woman?  OK thats out.  Children?  out.  Regular life?  gone.

Can I decide to become great?  Can someone make the consious decision to burn like a phosphoresent torch?  Light up every life I touch?  Why can't I do it now?  What is stopping me?  HA!  I know what it is.  I DO want to live.  I just don't want *this* life.
