I don't really feel like I am anything good anymore.I have no happy emotions anymore.

Where do I start?

Because there are so, so many things.

I can't remember the last time I was truly happy, with no underlying sadness. Recently I found my ex-friend's reddit account, and one of the four posts was on here, describing details of her self-harm and her parent's psychological abuse. The post was dated a few months before I met her. We've stopped talking since, and I didn't confront her. I miss her. We had a fucking connection, and she threw it away. My friends tell me I shouldn't care about her anymore. But that's who I am, for I care more about others than I do myself. I hope she's okay. Every now and then I'll visit her facebook, view her snapchat story. On the outside, she's exactly the same happy person she was when we talked, but her posts proves that it could simply be a mask. I want to forget her. I've wasted too much time and energy on this. I'll see that she was active on facebook and I'll wish she was talking to me, but then I come to my senses and realize she will never talk to me again. She told a mutual friend that she did not care about me anymore. When I read her post I felt like throwing up, because I didn't understand how someone that happy up front could be so sad, but then I realized that I **did** understand, because that's exactly like me.

My friends are not even my friends. I'm sure they like me, but deep down they don't really care. My one true close friend is moving to another school, and I've accepted that I'll lose him. I'm not popular. I go to the occasional party, drink the occasional beer, smoke the occasional joint, nothing hard. But my peers don't appreciate me. They don't care. At school, I spend time with a few different social circles that I don't know who I belong with. I am unable to connect deeply with anyone. The only two people I have were the aforementioned girl (even that was a world of confusion) and the aforementioned friend who's moving, who I've known since grade 5. That man is a brother through bond not blood. But he's gone. I'm scared to go back to school because I'll feel like I'll have no one there for me.

My family? I have never and will never connect with them either. I would not say that I love them, rather, I am fond of them. but only because of our blood ties. I am not a perfect son. I don't try during the school year; I get decent grades, but usually ace my exams. I just am not motivated to try. I know I'm an intelligent person, but I don't put my brains to use. I have made my mother cry numerous times (she is a very emotional person) over little things that I wish I hadn't done. I feel like slashing my wrists or taking a bottle of pills when I make her cry, or disappointing my father, who gets regularly mad over my grades. They are good people, and I don't give them the appreciation they deserve, but I'm so tired that I can't do it. My dad will yell and call me lazy and tell me I'm not going to go anywhere if I keep on this way. And sometimes I think he's right. I have so much potential and I'm not living up to it. But I don't feel like I have to energy to achieve what I want.

When I go to school I put on a happy face and pretend I'm okay. I sit down in my class, and either try finish the in-class work, fuck around with my peers, or watch netflix on my phone. I eat my lunch, and then I'll either head to the gym with my friend (who coincidentally, has depression. He's a weird case. He enjoys being alone.) or go home and play Counterstrike/watch netflix. Occasionally, I'll smoke some weed with the potheads at school. Weed mellows me out, makes me feel nothing. It doesn't really fill the void in my chest, but I use it to calm myself down. When I get home I'll procrastinate and not finish my homework. Then I fall into my bed, and stare at the ceiling listening to Tom Odell. Sometimes I'll cry silently, other nights I'm too tired to care. I'll wake up the next morning, drag myself into the shower, and finish my unfinished assignments at school before first bell. And it repeats. On the weekends, I'll sit at home and play video games or watch tv. Sometimes I'll hang out with friends. Maybe a party, but girls don't go for me and I don't go for them. The popular kids will laugh and find it funny that I'm there. I'm only there because I associate with a few popular kids. They are nice to me, but not to others. I enjoy the bitter taste of beer and the burning of liquor as it pours down my throat. It's like a little sin that I get to enjoy. Then the alcohol takes hold. I stumble around blindly, enjoying the feeling of being lost or sit in the corner smoking a joint. But most nights I just sit in my bathroom, crying and crying and wishing I didn't exist. I hate this cycle. I hate it so much. I want to do something more but I don't want to, if that makes sense. It feels so fake and yet I hate and love it at the same time. It's all I've ever known.

And I'm scared of what comes after this cycle. Graduate, go to some university, get a fucking 9-5 job, paying off taxes and loans, then you're fucking dead. I'm scared that I won't make it. I'm scared I'll go to some SHIT university and get a shitty desk job that I fucking hate. I want to lead a well-paying life. But I don't know how to combine that with what I know.

I don't know if I'm depressed. I haven't bothered to get a diagnosis. I know that I'm very sad most of the time.

I've thought about suicide before. I'm not sure how I'd do it, and whether I'd have the balls to do it. But it's been such a struggle for me lately. Losing my best friend, and losing that girl, and knowing that she is at risk of suicide. I feel so much pain, and I want to end it all. I met someone who told me I can get zonked out on a bottle of cough drops and I feel like that's what I want to do. I want to take ecstasy and acid. I want to get shitfaced off vodka or something. I know the road I'm going down is a dark one, but I can't help it. I feel like no one cares about me. I just want to feel something I haven't felt in a while, and that's happiness, even if it's through the means of chemicals and even if it's only temporary.

Am I a bad person? Probably. But I don't care about my morals anymore. Like I said, I'm not sure if I am depressed. I know for a fact I am not happy with who I am or where I'm going. I don't have the motivation to try and change that. Every night there's an empty void in my chest and I hate and love the feel of it. The cold empty reminds me that there's something missing and that I'm broken. I don't know where I am heading. People tell me to care more for myself than others, but I hate myself, and why should I care for something that's broken? I find solace in human connection, but even that leaves something lacking, and anyway, all the meaningful human connections I have had are gone like I said. I have never self harmed, I hate most forms of pain, both psychological and physical. But I'm afraid that I'll end my life soon through the quickest way possible.

Maybe I am a spoiled piece of shit but I've accepted that no one likes that kind of person. I feel so garbage about not being able to connect with anyone, especially my family. I don't think I deserve to live.

Please help me.