Having a reason to stay alive hurts really bad sometimesThis might be kinda a long post so apologies in advance. I just really don’t know what I’m feeling right now or how to describe it.

I feel like I’ve been *this* close to doing it for a really long time. Actively planning my death gave me the most determination I can remember having. I was honestly weirdly proud of my work, that I knew that this would almost certainly kill me, without too much discomfort, etc. Hell, I wrote a script to send out suicide note emails to people on a time delay that I could cancel if I backed out or fucked up, so nobody could try to save me or whatever. But, it’s kinda all done. I honestly can’t think of anything that’s reasonably likely to happen that would keep me from dying. I have everything I need except one bit that I’m waiting to buy to prevent myself from doing it on impulse. The issue is that one of those emails I need to send is to someone I don’t think I know how to say goodbye to.

So, my partner is an absolutely amazing human being and I really love them. They also happen to be the only person I actually think would care if I died. I really don’t want to let them down. Also I know that they’re also not doing great on the will to live front either, and so I don’t know if this is an arrogant assumption but I just really don’t want this to turn into them also doing it when I go. They need to be ok, and I don’t know how to ensure that. But I really need to figure it out. 

I know it’s a bit dumb to complain about having a reason to live when there’s so many people here who feel they don’t have any, so I’m sorry about that. And I know it probably makes me a pretty shit person to still really want to go through with it even knowing what it could do to one of the few truly kind people on this planet. I just hate that this is going to end up hurting people, since avoiding that was pretty much the whole reason for doing it in the first place. I don’t know how to make this situation better.