My current conditionFirst, health:

I am obese. I have physically inept. I am the fat guy I hate. My diet is composed of the worst possible ingredients. Things your body shouldn't be eating every day. I steal money from my parents to order junk food home. I then surreptitiously discard any evidence. I eat at the worst possible times. I shower every 4 days. I brush my teeth once a week. Although, I sleep for 8 hours, I don't wake up until 11am. And it's not even deep sleep. I masturbate once a day. I spent more than 12 hours on the Internet.

Secondly, career:

I have failed my 1st year of college. And, here I am appearing for this exam again. The disappointment I have caused my parents. And yet, I haven't started studying. I am on my way to make the same mistake again. I ruined my 11th &amp; 12th grade examinations because of the same reasons. Same with my first year of college. Same reasons. And this time it's going to be three for three.

I had a dream of becoming the best football player of all time. That was reduced to the greatest footballer on the planet. Then to a professional footballer. And now, that dream is non-existent. I don't practise. I don't dream. I have given up on that dream almost completely. I have lost my determination. Same mistakes I made three years. Same mistakes. Same fucking mistakes!

And, yet I dream of these situations. These situations where I am funny, famous, fit, successful, cool, handsome and so many others. I live in my own fantasy. A fantasy that can't ever be actualised. A fantasy that's ruining my reality.

Thirdly, relationships:

All my family members are thoroughly disappointed in me. I am probably the only one to fail an examination in the history of my family. Something no one would have expected from me. My words have no worth to them. And you can't blame them. I don't have any respect. Because of very good reasons. I have let my parents down. I am a horrible horrible investment. Think of the money and the time and the resources that have been invested in me. And now look at the results. On top of that, I have no friends. None. One guy's there who I talk to once in a while. But I just lecture him about how he should live his life. Yes, me. I lecture him. But he doesn't ask about me. Or maybe he does and I can't reveal anything about myself. That's another problem for a therapist.

Now, that I have described my current condition. Let me tell you the worst part. The worst part is that I have made these same mistakes before. I have led this disgusting lifestyle before. Not once but twice. If you make a mistake for the first time, you can be pardoned because you didn't know better. But if you keep making the same mistakes over and over again, you are the STUPIDEST human alive!

Am I addicted to the Internet? Am I addicted to junk food? Am I addicted to being a shit? I don't know. I am thinking of posting this on Reddit. But what's the point? What good will that serve? Other than strangers finding out about the truth, the disgusting truth, about me.

And, frankly I don't even have the drive in me to change. I just don't. And that's scaring me the most. Maybe I like being a lazy, disgusting, fat, worthless, unhelpful, useless, failing piece of shit. I am so lazy that I am trying to sleep on rock bottom.

What the fuck do I do?