IdkMy spouse just confessed to me that he has been lying for the last month about taking his bipolar/borderline meds. He made a big event about it yesterday, going to get his meds from the mail, he even pretended to fake taking them infront of me. I believed him. I guess I should have checked under his tongue but I didn’t feel that necessary as I fully believed him. He told me he stopped taking them for the “last 3 days” in that moment.


I had noticed his behaviors changing and those tell tale signs for much longer than the last 3 days.


But it isn’t as shallow as it sounds, all about him, why would it bother me so much.

It’s been a hellish relationship that I’ve been trapped in while both in the army since 2016. It has pushed me into two suicide attempts, alcoholism before the age of 24 that I now have liver damage from. It’s caused me to do things I can never forgive myself for and I just have to carry with me til I die.

It turned me into just as empty and hateful of a monster as he.

I ruined my body, im covered in scars, I can’t drink even two beers without pain and being immediately sick for hours. I can’t remember anything short or long term from the memory loss and severe stress over the last 4 years.

I’ve been so trapped.

Now I think he’s gone, after coming clean about lying over he last month. 

I suffered as a result of him not taking his meds, meanwhile he told me “I thought I felt great but if this is what happens when I don’t take them it makes me feel bad” 
It doesn’t and didn’t cross his mind about the effects he is having on me. 

And I believed him, and tried so hard to work with what he was doing to me.


I don’t know what I want to do in life.
I just got a job at subway and I like it, but I think I only like it because I haven’t had a job, or friends all year. I don’t have friends. I haven’t had friends since maybe 2018. It was too hellish for me to talk to people. I suffered at his hands if I even mentioned a co-workers name while we were both in the army. Most times inadvertently, so if you lay it out flat he “never did anything wrong.”

I grew up like this by my mom. She fucked me up. She destroyed me since birth, and I mean literally because she tried to kill me as a n infant from stress and abused me every day of my life until I was Big enough that when I hit back as a teenager i was strong enough to deter her.

On top of that I’m in the south and I’m somewhere in the LGBT acronym. My family hates me for it. I can’t trust them.

I’m alone.

I finally made it out, but for what. I don’t want to be here.

I don’t know who I am anymore.