I don't know where else to goI don't know where to start , I guess I need to talk to people I don't know , because I find it really difficult talking to the people I do know. I am 16 years old right now , I have a 20 year old brother , I live with him , my mother and my dog . I found a lot of the things happening in my life pretty normal until I went to highschool and to my friends houses and started talking to my friends about their life and I just found it all strange , I didn't know my father until I turned 14 , he has money , my mother doesn't at all . She's broke . She could find a job , but she just doesn't want to , and it made things pretty difficult , my grandparent have to pay for her rent and bills , and support us , and she still puts them off as horrible people , and my grandparents love us .. they love her too , she blames them for my brother being a failure , and he's the smartest person I know , my mother takes a lot of her anger out on me and my brother , my brothers 20 already so he knows how to fend for himself , so she takes it all out on me now .. and when i was younger she used to beat me really badly , now she knows she can't because I could tell my father .. And my father lives in another state but he still came to see me every weekend , the reason that I didn't see him until I was 14 is , because my mother put an order protection against him and forced my brother to lie in court about him when I was still a baby , he's not my brothers father. The order of protection expired when I turned 14 according to him , my mother says he didn't take care of me or pay money for me , all she really wants is money though . I used to believe my fathers story , but I don't really know who to believe anymore , I'm not sure if I believe him either. I still love him and need him in my life , I need his financial and emotional support , it's really nothing big in anyone's eyes but mine , but I feel I need the emotional support , he makes me feel like somebody loves me , his side of the family make me feel welcome at their house , my mothers side of the family makes me feel like they're stuck with me , they didn't ever tell me they love me , or hug me , or really ever talk to me about anything . I like that about my father , he gives me all of that . I'm not allowed to see my father anymore because my mother want's more money from him , I guess he's wrong in the sense he pays $50 a month and more money to his other children , but she's wrong too for lying and saying he doesn't pay , that's her excuse not to let me see him anymore , and it hurts , because I love him and my other siblings , i like spending time with them a lot . It's been over a month , he calls me . He makes me feel as if it's my fault I can't see him , and I'm able to prevent it , and making me feel bad that I don't really want to move in with him , because I can't leave the state.. I like this state  , I wont fit in , in normal family society . It's just not easy . Anyway . My brother , my brother's always been the closest thing to me . He's not very good with me , but he's good enough . When I was younger he did to bad things to me , but I learned to repress it , I taught my self to be able to remember it but not feel pain with it anymore . He isn't like that now , he deeply regretted it I think , now he does make me feel horrible at times , he would call me names like whore , slut , all of that because of what some people call me at school , they didn't even know me and began calling me that , I'm a virgin expect for last year when I got molested but nobody really knows except for one of my bestfriends .. My brother calls me those names now , he spit in my face a few times . I feel like somethings that I feel aren't bad things to do for other people are bad for him . For example we have a dog , a German Shepherd , he's aggressive , untrained .. our entire house is a dump because of him , I have bite marks all over my body , I'm not allowed to go to certain rooms of the apartment or the dog attacks me , I can't come into my house unless he's locked in the other room or he attacks me . I was complaining to my brother and asking him to give the dog away .. and he spit in my face for it , he made me feel like the worst person in the world , while my mom was yelling at me calling my dad dirt and calling me a traitor for wanting to know my father .. and everybody just turns on me everyday . I feel mentally unstable . I don't know what my emotions are . I feel like fell into this big hole , and it keeps getting bigger and bigger , and I keep trying to get out of it , and eventually I just gave up trying to get out because it never works .. I'm mentally stuck in this hole . I don't know how to speak to people anymore , socially I feel like everybody turn against me too . I feel like I don't want to go home , I don't want to go to school .. I don't know where to go anymore . I feel like there's nowhere . When I grow up where am I gonna be? I try my best in school and I still have the worst grades , no matter what my teachers make me feel like I'm always wrong , my friends make me feel like I lie to them , and I'm a bad person .. I feel like I have no future , I won't have a decent job . I've been optimistic my entire life , and I feel as if I'm at a breaking point.