I'm feeling so scared and confused. It's like getting out of this depressed episode is making it worse.Sorry this is long and probably boring...

[Background: near the end of last year I was diagnosed with bipolar II. I was in a depressed episode that resulted in me being sent to hospital by my university's student health services for suicidal ideation. I was put on a psychiatric ward and pressured into having electroconvulsive therapy. In the following weeks I continued to have ECT, which I hated but felt like I couldn't refuse. I had to take a leave of absence from university and right now I'm staying with my mom]

It's like I *want* to be depressed, because I need an excuse for the fact that I sit around all day on reddit and watching videos online. The guilt consumes me, I feel terrible but I can't force myself to confront all of things I should be doing. Even thinking about them makes me want to shrink inside of myself. I can't start on the list, because it brings all of that loathing to the surface. 

The result of that, though, is that I continue to do nothing. It was almost better when it felt like there was a reason... when everything was dark and miserable, when I wasn't eating, something was very tangibly wrong. I was depressed. That made it forgivable that I skipped class and hid in the darkness of my dorm room sinking deeper and deeper into the blackness of depression. 

But now, since I've come home, I'm “better”. I laugh, I eat food. I get out of bed – well, sometimes. I care about things again. My refusal to go outside or do anything now feels like laziness. Before I felt a grim tugging, the infamous call of the void, like I was falling inescapably into darkness. But it was beautiful, in a way. I was gracefully spiraling into death. Now I'm floundering around, spiking and bobbing back and forth between feeling ok and powerful self-loathing. While before I felt myself being pulled downwards, now I am awkwardly teetering around. But where before death was calling me seductively, and I was staving it off, now I feel like I really *should* kill myself. I'm just too lazy.

Sorry this is so long, and probably really boring. Sorry to bore you guys with this. I've been bounced around between therapists for the past month. I'm supposed to start seeing a new one next week, and I feel like I should tell her all of this, but I'm afraid I'll be sent to the hospital again. Going before, having them come and get me with an ambulance and keep me against my will, was one of the scariest and most upsetting things that I've experienced. I *hate* that they gave me ECT, forgetting huge chunks of my life and damaging my short term memory is so unbelievably scary. I know that they mean well and are trying to keep me safe, but having that happen makes me feel like I can't trust my doctors. Anyway, if anyone actually read this, thanks. I just felt like it might help me to share it.