its time for me to goDISCLAIMER: you cant save me.

.


its that time. I have run out of options.   I was just laid off 3 weeks ago. and last week my wife left me and took all of the money I had saved for rent causing me to lose the apartment.    I have sold everything I own except my car to pay back what I owe for cancelation fee's on the apartment but only managed to get 1k. I owe them 4500$ I have no way to pay any of this.

my wife calls and yells at me daily for messing up her life. during the 3 years of our marriage she has cheated on me 16 times. I held on trying to fix what we had. she tried to kill herself multiple times and I called the cops. she was in a unit and while there one of her jobs fired her. and that's all my fault. her family hates me as she has them convinced that im a controlling freak. maybe I am.

I used to be a part time programmer without formal training or a degree. I have done helpdesk for Microsoft and recently resigned to be part of an installation team for a smaller company that made big promises but never delivered and finally laid me off. 

im skilled in many types of work but not formally trained and that puts a damper on getting a job anywhere. nobody wants to hire someone that is self taught. 

I love motorcycles. I own one and she is my baby. even at 6' 7" and 250lbs I can still get that little 650 up 150mph. honestly if it has a motor and can go fast I will get it there. I also love programming and robots and electronics.

I cant go back to school as the apartments that I recently left have a 12k credit hold on my account and until I have paid all the fees associated with this I cant get a student loan to pay for school. 

my original plan was to finish school and get into the military where I can actually do something I love but that's not going to happen now. tomorrow my car that I am upside down on by $8000 and I are going out to the desert where im literally going to lose my mind. nobody will find me and nobody will miss me. 

I honestly don't know why I'm posting this. my brain is a mess right now. maybe so someone somewhere will know that I'm gone. I have nothing left to give to anyone. I cant even go outside. I just break down and cry.


thanks for reading. its too late for me. im sorry.