I can't stop my thoughtsI've posted here before, and things slowly started to get better. But everything has just spiralled downwards to the point where I spent half an hour trying to talk myself down from jumping off a bridge.

The first problem is that I'm messed up emotionally. The only people I really get emotionally invested in are women who give me attention at the same time as wanting nothing to do with me romantically. I've had quite a few women express a romantic or sexual interest in me over the past 3 years but because they weren't the person I was obsessively in love with, I would either be horrible to them or flat out ignore them. 

Secondly, the woman I am in love with now is my housemate and so-called "best friend" who once again left me tonight, not giving a shit about my feelings (romantic or platonic.) 

2 weeks ago she got into an argument with the other 8 people we share university accommodation with and I stuck up for her, burning all 8 bridges in the meantime. After the fight, she has since spent 2 weeks at home because (in her words) "I really need to be at home right now and I'm not changing that for anyone." In 2 weeks I've hardly heard from her (except to say that she won't come home even if I am depressed) but tonight she was home for a night.

It wasn't to see me though, it was because a friend of hers who she has started sleeping with in the last 2 weeks had a friends funeral. I hate feeling selfish, and he has it so much worse than I do now, but when I first saw her she wouldn't talk about anything but how much she missed me and how much I mean to her. Within an hour, this turned into her and the guy she's sleeping with traveling all the way back home because she thinks that everybody in the house wants to carry on arguing with her.

I sacrificed everything here for her and she's just left me alone, with nothing. Now I'm here, 4 hours/£70 away from my home town, with nobody and nothing, and I just don't have the will to keep on going.

The only thing that used to stop me from feeling like this was the thought of hurting my family but my depression has even pushed that to the side. I do nothing now but think about ways I could kill myself, and when/how I could do it.

Pardon my language but I'm just so fucked up, and the only thing I can look forward to is the idea of accidentally walking into a road where I haven't looked, and a bus just kills me then and there.

I don't even think I'm looking for sympathy or somebody to talk to. Part of me just wants to write this in the off-chance that whoever finds my body finds me still logged in and at least understands what happened.