I miss herI delayed for a long time on this, mainly because I was making some big changes in my time, but it's time for me to stop delaying this, pretending like it never happened because it did and effects me deeply. (warning, this is a long read)

Long story short, I left my country several months ago to go work abroad, but wanted to say good-bye to some of my closest friends, even some I haven't spoken to in years. One of them has helped me throughout my years in community college. We first met because I put out an ad stating I needed carpooling to get to school, and she responded to it. We instantly clicked after that, and we were friends for 4 years. 

Flashforward, our friendship was falling apart. We took a break from each other for 2 years, until I contacted her again. I met up with her, fortunately she was living around the same city I was in and we caught up in some stuff. She became a bookkeeper for a church and was trying to make a positive life. She had a break up with her 2nd ex, but they were still friends. I thought things were going well. 

A month later, it was about time for me to go and I called her one last time to say goodbye. She never called me back. I called various times, even several times a day, but her phone always went to an answering machine. She never sent me a text stating if she got a new number. I even went to her apartment, but couldn't get inside without a key. Finally, I sent a letter through the mail stating my goodbyes, but she never got back to me.

I think it's too late to tell the police. I tried calling the company she works for before I left, but for some reason, they've been hard to get ahold of. I know she wouldn't ghost or block me all of the sudden. 

I'm not even mad. I'm just sad that she never said goodbye. I'm scared that I know what happened to her. She attempted suicide in the past, but her first ex was always there for her before she jumped. I'm worried that it's too late.

I've thought about suicide various times, but haven't attempted it...yet. If this happened years ago, I would've been more upset, but for over the recent couple years I've been severely depressed and can't afford help. I understand what she and all of us are going through. I can't keep ignoring like this never happened because it's so disrespectful and will only make things worse.

Jennifer, if you ever read this, I want to say I love you and will always love you like a sister. It's so difficult for me I don't know where you are, if you are dead or alive, but I hope you're in a better place. You made a big impact on my life. You helped me get out more, embrace friendship, venting and talking about our hobbies. I know that we have grown apart, and I don't know if we will have the same bond as we did back then, but you are always valued and loved.