My experience with an overdose.so i guess i wanted to share my experience so as to deter further people from ending up with the same fate as me.

i overdosed on 22 500mg paracetamol on the 7 feb. i was sick and tired of life and i took the pills knowing that i wouldn't die, instead so i guess this was a most severe way of self harm. i wanted to feel pain physically than all the mental pain thay i was in.

after swallowing the pills (which wasn't easy) at 3pm, i immediately felt very sleepy and weak. i walked around my house as normal, ate lunch and just took a nap, while i was well aware that every second i was waiting, i was killing my organs more and more. i woke up at 8pm. at this point, i was completely numb and emotionless. the realisation that i needed to go to the hospital kicked in, yet i was too scared to go. i called up one of my closest friend, went to walk by the river and i finally told him. he was really shocked that i waited so long and immediately dragged me on a cab to the hospital.

in the a&amp;e, i explained everything to the doctor and since it was more than 8h after swallowing the pills, my organs, especially my liver was in high risk of failing and i needed to be warded in the high dependency unit. they had to phone up a gastroenterologist at 1am. 

because this was a drug overdose, the police has to be called. the police came down, took my ic, wrote down a police report and a statement from me. i had to tell them i didn't have the intention to die so they won't classify it as an attempted suicide (which is illegal in my country). they left and now i have a police record for prescription drug overdose.

the recovery was horrible, painful and tiring. i had a huge iv stuck into me as they needed to get the antidote in as quickly as possible, i felt like i needed to vomit but i cant for 3 days straight and had 3 blood tests done in less than 24h. 

trust me. please don't overdose. the effects are horrible on your body and please get professional help instead. i have trust in you. you are worrying too many people even if you think no one cares. please, please get help if you need to.