Bliss would be to die in my sleep tonight.I don’t know where to start, I just turned 21 and I honestly feel like describing where I am in life will just make me want to end it even more to be honest, and sorry if that’s depressing to read.

I’ve hit a huge wall of depression this past week. I’ve turned my life around after picking myself up after a huge breakup and dropping out of school. I have straight As at my community college and am transferring next fall semester for a major I really want to actually do now. 

Though I have a road to success paved, I have no one. I’ve let my parents down and they see me as a nuisance. I know on a sub level they love me but right now I’m just a burden to them, I made them waste 50k on my last school where I dropped out, and finally just scored a job after being unemployed for a while. My best friends are gone- they just feel like friends I see once in a while and it sucks, they’ve moved on from me and I’m completely alone. I don’t feel close to anyone anymore and it sucks. I have zero emotional support and being an extrovert, the loneliness has dragged me down into a deep, dark pit where I only feel despair now.

It’s near impossible for me to make friends, in my classes I have acquaintances but they all have their own friend groups and it’s not that I don’t want to be apart of them, but the kids are just huge gossipers and not the type I want to be around. 

I just feel so alone. I miss my ex after a year and a half (even though she destroyed me) because of the connection we had and everything we had in common. She was my best friend. I work out regularly and do physique competitions but even the gym seems like a chore now, I’m just so miserable and feel like every day is exactly the same to the point where I just want to go downtown and jump off of the bridge. I just want to die. It’s sad seeing my friends move on from me and have new closer friends; they’ve pushed me away and subtly reject me when I want to get closer. I’m not a downer or anything, I’m a bit goofy but I just like to have a good time with my life and it’s just the opposite right now. 