The time has come for me to take my leave.warning, here's all my bullshit. 

i've always had issues, after my best friend and sister ran away when i was in second grade (my father sexually abused her)  and i never saw her again. i would practically beg people to be my friend. i was fucking lost. i was bullied. and i tried so hard. i wanted everyone to love me. 

when i was in middle school i started picking up my personality from tv shows. i used to act just like sam off of icarly because people liked that show. i wanted them to like me too.  i started getting sexual with men much older than me and woman my age. i wanted to feel love. i wanted attention. and my body got it for me. i was so attached to ever person i was with. i started cutting myself at the age of 13 because my boyfriend broke up with me. i would send him pictures of the cuts just to try to get him to stay. 

my anxiety was so bad i stopped eating at school because i couldn't stand in line to get the food. i stopped going to lunch. instead i did drugs in the bathroom. i ended up weighing 108 pounds by the time i was 17, i'm almost 6 feet tall. you could see all my bones and i felt beautiful for it. 

i kept this behavior up in high school. i got raped twice because of it. the first time i was 15 and got so drunk i pissed myself and a senior who was completely sober decided to have sex with me. the second time i was 17 and i was raped while i was asleep, i had alcohol poisoning that night and did not wake up when he decided to do what he did. 

when i was 17 i was fucking a 30 year old. i thought it was awesome. 

i got addicted to acid, it took away my anxiety.  i had a girlfriend, a boyfriend. and about 2 fuck buddies at any given time. i was drunk or high all the time. but i felt better 

i'm 21 now. i have a child with a man who choked me out, smacked me,  and kicked me in the head 4 months after our child was born. (this was a month ago) 

i stay with him. i tell him i'm gonna kill myself everyday and i mean it. i want to be dead. but god i love my son. i could never leave him. but sometimes i think he'd be better off without me. 

on top of all of this i was raised in a christian cult where women were the equivalent of trash. nothing but a stepping stool for men. 

my cousin sexually groomed me when i was 10 and he was 15 and now he wants to fuck me again, it's so hard to resist the natural urge to do what he wants. 

also my health is shit, i have colitis. a deformed uterus in the shape of a heart plus cysts on my ovaries that rupture sometimes. 

and yet my therapist thinks i'm getting better. and nobody hears me cry at night. i'm so fucking alone and i'm so fucking done. 