Only girl who's ever touched me, just admitted she thinks I'm sexually repulsive25M here. I used to be a typical Foreveralone until last August. Basically there are a lot of things wrong with my body. I'm only 5'5", I have an ugly sack of loose skin and fat scars from my weight loss during college (lost 90 lbs), and neutral or unattractive face.

But I persisted in trying to win over women. I developed interesting hobbies, went out to social events on weekends, worked out, blah blah... absolutely nothing to show for it.

Then I met a girl through okcupid. She was my first real date, first kiss, first sex, first girlfriend...

I was in heaven the last few months. I thought to myself, wow maybe there is someone for everyone. Maybe I found the one person who looks past my flaws and sees the beauty inside. I tried to be the absolute best boyfriend to her - not a doormat, but a legitimately good boyfriend.

Then a month ago we had a fight where I felt like she wasn't opening up sexually, and she admitted that the "sexual energy just wasn't there". She said maybe it had to do with the weight loss scars and loose skin. I asked if there was anything we could do to fix it, she said not sure.

Then yesterday I discovered that she has been texting her ex with small talk, funny selfies, etc.. and worse, TALKING TO HIM ABOUT PROBLEMS IN OUR RELATIONSHIP. Background: this guy cheated on her twice! And drove her to a suicide attempt! And here she is, texting him details about me. Like he's a trusted counselor or something.

This makes me feel like utter crap, like I'm competing with an abusive cheater and we're on equal levels. At least my gf isn't cheating on me (pretty sure), but I'm still hurt and depressed by this.

I called her out on it and we came back to the idea that I'm just not sexually exciting enough.

Was my optimism just a dream... that I would find someone who could love me with sexual energy as well as platonically?

I want to fucking cut off my balls for all the good they've done me. What kind of man can't attract a single woman. I felt terrible when I was Foreveralone but it's even worse knowing that one girl "tried me out" and then decided I was too disgusting to continue.

I want to die