What have I ever done to deserve all of this?My life is complete shit for as long as I remember. My first suicidal thoughts must've been when I was around 10-11 years old, because of excessive bullying.

I spent my first years in a country at war, I can't say I remember much of it but I doubt it had a positive influence on my life. When I finally got in a safe country, I spent my next years being abused at home by my parents. I was hit on a regular basis, and it wasn't just them, I was always fighting with my brothers as well. There was so much abuse in my home, it felt like me, my parents, my brothers, everyone hated eachother. I can't understand how anyone can be forced to grow up in such a place. The world is shit. When I got in school I was bullied alot, and although not all the kids bullied me, no one ever stood up for me either, not even the teachers. It was clear no one there cared about me either.

I got depressed when my parents divorced when I was 15, and I had to move and go to a new school, losing the few friends I had. I dropped out of high school, stopped leaving my house and developed social anxiety. I lived with my mom who still abused me emotionally. She always told me how worthless I am. I got therapy and overcame my anxiety, but I still don't see the point of living, I am so unhappy and have been all my life.

I am very ugly, worthless, I never had a girlfriend and I know I never will, no one has ever loved me and no one ever will. I live on my own now, don't have any friends anymore, don't have any contact with anyone. I don't see the point of living anymore, I feel like shit and I feel like no one has ever cared about me, its just so unfair. If I lived in a country where guns are easily accesible I wouldn't be alive anymore.

I just don't understand why this has happened to me, I never done anything to deserve it. I always try to threat people nicely and with respect but they always threat me like shit and walk all over me. I guess its my own fault for being such a loser. I wish I was never born, then no one would ever have to see my ugly face and I wouldn't have to go through all of this.

Am I overreacting or is my life really shit?

I'm sorry if this was long and/or confusing, I am very upset right now and crying, I just don't know what to do anymore. I haven't made any plans on how to kill myself yet but I don't think I can go on much longer. I doubt anyone would care anyway.