I fucking hate my lifeHow do I even start? I'm such a pathetic and worthless person. I can't do anything right in my life, I just bring pain to others. I have been sexually harassed, manipulated, lied, and betrayed by those I call friends. As a result of this fucking abuse I been taking for how fucking long, I have just been...... distancing myself from my friends, family, and even myself. And somehow my broken mind thought that this was the solution. I thought that somehow if I make myself get forgotten by those I care about that I had no reason live anymore. And that if i do go, that they wouldn't care about me anymore. I regret doing everthing. I just feel so alone now. No one to really talk to about my problems. No one that can really understand me. All I feel is hatred towards myself. A hatred that can never leave me from now on. What is the point of waking up everyday to just live out a miserable life? What is the point of going to school when that knowledge would just go to waste? What is the point of just socializing and making friends when you are just gonna leave pain behind when I finally leave the world? What is the point of it all? There is no sole purpose in my life as I just gave it all away. I can't contribute to anything anymore. I have no talent or anything like that. My confidence has been stripped away from me. Im just a waste of human. A sorry excuse of a living being. I really want to die now. To just leave the world behind with nothing. Because that is what I am. Nothing. I don't care for how I go. Whether is by overdosing, gunshot to the head, hanging myself, stabbing myself. I dont care anymore. I just want to leave. But I can't. I fucking can't. Because I am afraid of leaving somehow. Even though I want to die. It's like something is stopping me from doing it. Like it's saying that I have future ahead and that the pain would go away. Maybe I will kill myself one day, but right now isnt the right time. 

I have so many mixed emotions. I am so, so alone, and I dont feel loved in this world. All because of my fault. I am the one that made me this way. Because of my stupid reasoning to why. I wish I can truly be happy in the future, where I can smile away all my problems. But I believe that will never happen to me. Sometimes strangers and my friends give me encouraging words such as "I hope you get better soon!!" or "I really care about you!!" I hate that. They arent really sincer about it. They dont really mean it. They only say it to make them feel better about themselves. I just cant trust them, because in reality they dont give a shit about me. I deserve it though. Because at the end of the day, Im just a really suicidal person that wants to be free from this hellish prison im locked in.