Illness and isolation - ready to go soon.I ended up getting injured in an accident several months ago and it's been a neverending hell ever since. All my dreams and hopes for the future are now bunk, and all I have to look forward to is struggling to get by and losing functionality. Everyday I'm struggling with neuro issues, and I do not qualify for state disability because my employer doesn't pay into the program. 

I tried to get the support I needed to recover... but my family is very fractured, and my mother is too fragile and abusive to deal with the situation. A month ago, she told me to stop talking about my health problems, that I'm causing her stress, and that "I'm old enough to deal with my own problems." She lashed out at me, and hung up abruptly; we haven't spoken since. I then went to my sibling and asked if I could move in with her so I could take time off to recover; she sympathized and then said no the next day. At this point, I knew what was ahead and said to myself, "Ok. It's over."

My friends were/are worried about me and know I am contemplating, but most of them have drifted away because the crisis is too much - and frankly, it's better that I'm not draining them by talking so much about my problems. I can't blame them, really. And I know people are going to suggest therapy so--- I tried to see a therapist recently to process the loss, stress, and lack of support. The therapist oddly (and in a gesture of what I think was respect) suggested I stick around and look into assisted suicide. It was a weird conversation, and I wasn't sure how to feel about it afterwards. As a last ditch effort, I even went into a catholic church twice and prayed for God to please get me out of this mess. Of course, there was no reply.

Every single day, I wake up and contemplate how to kill myself. And soon, I will obtain the weapon I need to carry this out. In the last week, I've written letters to each and every one of my friends asking for their forgiveness, trying to assuage any guilt they might feel, and stating this was just a situation where I had too much on my shoulders and not enough resources to cope with it all.  I know it will mess them up for a while, but I also know time will heal all. I'm really hoping the cops actually deliver the letters and not be lazy bums about it.   

As I told one of my friends over the phone a month ago, "There's no way out of this one." 

[edited for grammar]
