I'm back to a place I never wanted to return toSo I've fucked up my life after really making progress over two years. I went from no job and homeless, suicidal, unhealthy to the opposite. Loving fiancee that's the girl of my dreams and a decent job. Also well educated now with a few solid qualifications.

But it's come crashing down. My main hobby is motorcycles. It's consumes my life. I work bloody hard to provide for my financee and pay for bikes and anything that entails. I ride every day and its something that is too guaranteed help my depression and keep me sane.

Almost two months ago I went to a mates last ride before he left town and i managed to get carried away keeping up with him.
Sadly I was the only one in the group to get pinged by a speed camera 113 in a 80 zone. Spent a month asking for advice and got fucked around with lawyers and family.
Ended up just accepting my disqualification for 6 months.

Now I'm stuck relying on my partner to drive me too work and anywhere else I need to go. It's fucking embarrassing and makes me so ashamed of myself.
I planned a big holiday road trip for us and I fucked it up. I work night shift and have no other way to get to work now. Which in turn means she can't get another job in hospitality her preferred role.

I just feel so ashamed because I've set our life together back so badly. I got offered a new job that I can't take because again no license for 6 months.

I used to be a depressed lazy person that just played video games and now I feel that coming back.

I know I fucked up and deserve the punishment because motorcycles are evil and so am I for going so fast.

I'm know for having a twisted and dark sense of humor and I've made a few suicide jokes but i actually mean them now.

It feels like hell and I don't know how to keep myself level through these 6 months.
I feel like now they I've fucked up it's only a matter of time before I lose my job.

This whole thing makes me feel like shit even tho my very supportive fiancee says we will get through this together. She means the best yet something inside of me gets so mad when she says it. I almost say it's easy for you to say when you can leave anytime you want.

It's such a fucked up thing to say and very hurtful which in turn thinking it makes me hate myself more.

Now they I right all this down it seems stupid and selfish just to feel like killing myself because I lost use to a material possession and object. Man I must be fucked up.