My self-disgust is worse than ever. I want to escape myselfI've never been happy. That's not just something I'm saying either. I was 8 when I wanted to kill myself for the first time. I ran in front of a car intentionally but I was a kid and they thought I was just being careless. 

I'm 26 now and I've been living with depression and other mental problems ever since. I went through physical, emotional and sexual abuse, as well as bullying, neglect, and the feeling of being in the wrong body. I don't mean this in the transgender way cause I have no desire to become a girl, but I have been living with self-disgust for my gender, but that is because of the sexual abuse. I'm disgusted with how I look as well as how I am on the inside. I feel wrong, like this skin isn't mine. I want to crawl out of this body because it isn't mine. The mental picture I have of myself is nothing like how I really look and I hate it so much. To me it feels like someone put my mind in the wrong body and that somewhere out there my real body is walking around with someone else's mind in it. Yeah, I figure that this is part of my psychosis talking but its how I feel. When I look in the mirror, I see a stranger and its like he's looking at me and mocking me. I swear I've seen my reflection smirk once.

As you can tell, I'm a basket case. I've never been normal and the older I get, the worse it seems to get. I want to kill myself so fucking badly but at the same time I'm too scared to. Fuck the mind and its survival instinct. But I just know that if I can't be who I really am, I will end up under a train someday. And i have a feeling it won't be that long anymore. I'm at my limit. I've had enough of myself. I've had enough of the constant anger that makes me destroy my place and things. I've had enough of crying for hours, of cutting myself, of vomiting from my own disgust, of being this crazy and depressed thing. I'm not even a person. I'm less. I'm a thing for people to toss around. A nothing. A pass time for when people are bored. I'm not my own person. I have no say over my own fucked up mind. Please just make it stop, I've had enough. I'll be so, so damn glad when I'll finally get enough courage to go through with my suicide. I need it. I need my life to end. I need to escape myself. I just need to. I can't do this anymore. I'm not human anymore. I'm a fucking monster