My 16 year old sister was hospitalized this past January after attempting suicide and now she is increasingly suicidal again. My mom and I don't know what to do.This January, my sister took an entire bottle of her antidepressants in an attempt to kill herself. I think she panicked and told my mom, who then took her to the ER and later that week checked her into a mental hospital for teenagers for a week. She got checked out when she was supposed to but me and my mom both feel that she just faked being happy and never really addressed any of the issues. I am 3 hours away at college so I haven't been able to really monitor how she's doing aside from just keeping in touch. However, she is really good at pretending to be ok so I assumed that the time she spent in the hospital and the antidepressants she is taking were helping.

My mom just sent me the link to her tumblr, however, and it's shocking. She talks about how much she wants to die and how she has been meaning to kill herself but "wimped out". On one of her posts she put, "I just want to die already. Right now. I want to die. I want to DIE. I don’t want to try anymore… I don’t want to find happiness. It isn’t there. I am done. I am already dead. Let me do this." And she talked about cutting herself. She posts so many things about how "fucked up" she is and how "nobody understands her".

I was in a very similar situation from 13 to 15. I still have scars from cutting myself and I was on meds and saw a therapist weekly. But a) I have forgotten/suppressed what it is like to feel that way and b) honestly I have no idea how I got over it. I was talking to my boyfriend and boom suddenly I didn't see the point in being depressed. I stopped taking my meds the next day and was fine every since. I don't know how to console her. She won't talk to me or my mom about any of this and just pretends to be oh so happy. 

For a little background, she recently both realized she is bisexual and became very involved in her church. I don't know if this feeling of isolation is due to the fact that she surrounds herself with people who think she is going to hell or what. I'm an atheist and couldn't care less, but she won't talk to me about any of her beliefs or feelings or anything. My immediate thought is that this is just stupid teenage angst that she will grow out of but none of that matters if she is a danger to herself.

I am going home this weekend since my mom will be out of town so I will be able to have some time with just her. If this doesn't require immediate action, I can sit down and try to talk to her. But I don't know what to say. I've tried this before and she just says she's fine. Obviously, she is not. At all. I don't know what to do. Does anybody have any advice?
