Help with Suicide Note**Hey, so this is going to be a long post. I've written a suicide note with the intention of giving closure and easing the pain of the people I leave behind. I've tried not to mention anything that could cause anyone to feel guilt but would appreciate it if anyone could offer any critique as fucked up as that may sound.**

  

First of all, I think the most important thing to say is that this is no one’s fault. No-one could have done anything to prevent this and it’s been a very long time coming. This isn’t just some impulsive decision; it’s something that I’ve wanted to do for a very long time. And I didn’t want to be talked out of this, or persuaded to keep on going for a bit longer, because the one recurring regret I’ve had throughout my life was not ending it sooner.

Thank you to everyone who’s been there over the years, you know who you are. Even if it may not have seemed like I appreciated your help and support I just want you to know that I truly did. To my family: Thank you for everything. I love you all and I’m sorry I never said that to you until now. I’m desperately sorry to transfer my pain from myself to you, but please take solace knowing that my suffering is finally over and I am finally at peace on my own terms.

I will try giving some insight into why I decided to do this but please know that everything is so much more clear and concrete in my mind so it’s difficult to articulate it as convincingly as it feels to me.

I’m just sick and tired of carrying around so much pain with me. I’ve been unhappy for so long, as long as I can remember. And nothing helps. I don’t have coping mechanisms or things I can do or places I can go that help me escape, I am constantly trapped inside my own head with little to no control over my thoughts. And when things get bad, they’re really bad. Time seems to slow down and I’m just overwhelmed with the worst pain imaginable, and the only thing that helps me through that is thinking that one day I’ll end my life and it’ll all be over. And all I can think about in these moments is how I never want to ever go through this again, yet I get through it and then get my hopes up thinking things will be okay eventually only to go through it again and again, with each time being worse than the last.

I don’t think I have the capacity to be ‘happy’. I don’t think I could ever be happy unless things in my life were absolutely perfect which is impossible. Even when things are ‘good’ and I should be ‘happy’ there’s always something that stops me from actually being happy. Whilst sometimes things are okay and I feel okay, being ‘okay’ isn’t enough to make up for how horrible I feel the rest of the time. I cannot think back to a time in my life where I’ve actually been happy for any prolonged period of time. So the concept of happiness just isn’t something I can really believe in.

There’s nothing in life that actually appeals to me. I cannot and have not ever been able to envisage myself working full time. I have no motivation to do anything and even the smallest of things are a massive challenge to me. And the thing is, I don’t even care to change my situation. Yes, things could get better eventually but I’ll never be truly happy and the work and suffering I’d have to go through just to have a chance of feeling better does not seem worth it to me. And I’m so tired of trying and getting my hopes up only to just end up back at square one because falling from a height is so much more painful than falling on flat ground. Things could get better, yes, but equally they could get worse. Or they could stay the exact same and I’ll go through the same agonising cycle for the rest of my years only wishing I’d ended things sooner.

I could never be happy being who I am. I’m not funny enough, or smart enough, or attractive enough, or chatty enough to be happy within myself. In every single social situation I feel this immense pressure to be interesting and funny and maintain conversation and it’s horrible. I find myself comparing myself to absolutely everybody and I’m just left 90% of the time feeling absolutely awful. The other 10% of the time where I feel good about who I am I just think about that other 90% and how I can’t be like this forever. And I just can’t ‘accept who I am’. It’s like being stuck in the wrong body, except in my case it’s being stuck in the wrong mind.

I feel so alone in the world. I feel like I’m different to everyone, not like anyone else at all and unable to truly form a connection with anyone. There’s no one I can ever just be around and feel comfortable with without having to worry about what to say or how to act. I feel this general disconnect from people and society and constantly feel like I’m some sort of outsider pretending to fit in. And I just can’t cope with things in the way other people do.

And this is just the mental aspect. Physically I am also broken; I have progressive peripheral neuropathy, I’m constantly tired, I can’t walk for long distances, stand for long periods of time or do any sort of prolonged physical activity without pain or discomfort and I have scars and asymmetries and muscular imbalances that will always stop me from feeling comfortable within my own skin.

And yes, I haven’t tried everything. But I’ve tried a lot of things, and it’s impossible to ever ‘try everything’. Maybe I could find some medication that helps for a bit, or find a therapist who helps for a bit, or get a job that I can manage to hold, but at the end of the day I will still be me and no amount of anything can truly change who I am and how I feel about myself. I can change everything around me but I can’t change who I am. I know myself better than anyone and I can tell you now that I genuinely believe that I will never be okay and I will never shake this feeling of dysphoria, and all I want is to just be able to give up and for that to be okay because I just can’t take any more pain. I don’t want to go through more years of false hope just to end up at the same place I’ve ended up so many times in my life.

So whilst I am truly sorry I hope you can also understand why I felt I had to do what I did. Please remember that this is what I’ve wanted for a long time and I am finally at peace.