I'm so very tiredSo I'm not really sure what i'm looking for here. I guess writing things down helps me and I have no one I can talk to about these things so I suppose just knowing another human being might read it is somewhat consoling. I just need to express some things before I really lose touch with reality by internalizing everything. Just want to say I really appreciate what people do here. It's very kind.

So ya...been dealing with depression since I was 15 (now 29) so it's not exactly something new to me. I've hit rock bottom multiple times and dragged myself back up over and over. In the last 14 years I can remember being happy and somewhat normal for maybe a year and half. At this point I'm just so tired. I've been on different medications, I've literally been to different types of therapy for years. I've worked and I've been in school. And it always comes back to this. 

I'm scared. I've come close to suicide before, but I never went through with it as I couldn't let myself hurt my family that way and I was afraid of the pain and fear involved in the act. But now those fears are slipping away. The last thing in the world I want to do is hurt anyone, but at the same time I'm just so tired. I don't ask for anything from anybody and I feel like maybe just this once I deserve to find some kind of peace even if it hurts others. Just this once I feel like putting myself first. The fear of the act is growing dimmer as well. I'm not particularly afraid of death anymore and I've sadly developed an actual plan over the last six months. I know what I'd have to do and I've thought about all the details so as to make things as easy as I can emotionally and financially for family. I've written a note in my head a hundred times trying to think of the kindest way I could let people know what happened and try to get them to understand that what I've felt and that I would be at peace. I know it wouldn't do a lot of good, but anything I could do to ease the pain would be worth it.

But it's such an unbalanced dichotomy within myself. For though I do not fear death I am afraid. I'm afraid of how far I've gone down the hole this time. And what's worse is that I'm actually quite rational. I know I suffer from depression. I know what it feels like to have a depressive episode and what it feels like to come out of one. I know I have a chemical imbalance. I know my brain has built up depressive patterns responses over the years. I know suicidal emotions are often irrational and I can recognize the irrationality within me. But all the same I'm also tired of the cycle. I've persevered through years of this misery. I've always believed that it gets better. 14 years of believing it gets better. I'm tired and at this point it's becoming a more logical conclusion to me that perhaps things won't get better. And I have to ask myself, am I willing to live with that outcome? No, I'm honestly not. It's not a life I wish to live. Nothingness would be a blessed peace over this. 

But I'm also so horribly sad at what that means. It's not like I want that ending. Yes, I wish for the pain and the constant agonizing fear to go away. They are devils riding my shoulders beating me down and holding me under every time I try to surface. Constant companions. The anxiety is literally killing me by inches and all I want is to just be able to feel normal. I want a life. God how I want to love and be loved. I've never been that good at caring about myself, but it brings me to tears to think that I'm not going to be able to care for others. I want nothing more from this life than to do some good in this world. It's all I've ever wanted. When I did have someone in this life to love nothing brought me more joy than to be there for them. In that same vein I dream lately of being a father. Seeing some little girl in a movie smiling up at her dad just makes my heart ache. To bring such a gift into this world together with another human being is so heart breakingly beautiful. 

Laughter and joy and love. I wish for these things. To be given the honor of making this world just a little better, and little brighter. I would wish for that. But then I'm faced with the reality. 

I don't fit in here. I don't really have any friends anymore. No one knows who I really am inside. No one knows the real thoughts of despair and loneliness that pass below the surface. Everyone thinks I'm this really calm easygoing person that's just seems a little off perhaps. A little too private. Well there's a reason for that. If I told people what I actually thought and felt they would probably feel obligated to do something about it or at the very least I'd drag them into my problems and they don't need that. I also will not let anyone take my choices away from me. Perhaps that's pride speaking, but so be it. 

That's also the worst of it. I know a lot of my feelings come from a sense of seclusion. Humans are a social animal and it's not exactly frontier psychology to say that we suffer without social connection. It's certainly one cause, but after so many years I don't know if it will change. Don't get me wrong, I've had friends, social circles in the past. I was in a relationship for over two years with person I thought I'd marry. But even with that I just never quite fit. I feel like a squire peg being pounded into a round opening within society. 

I can empathize and understand so many different perspectives, but I rarely run into people who share my own. I don't care about money. I don't care about prestige. I don't care about fame. I don't particularly like material things beyond the practical. I don't want to own a house and I'm happier without a car. What deeply concerns me is the injustices we do to ourselves and this planet. People are starving and dying from no clean drinking water. We murder each other by the thousands. We're pumping millions of tons of harmful chemicals into this incredible, beautiful ecology we call home. It all makes me want to cry and the banality and blinders of everyday living just make me want to scream.

I'm trying to do my part. I went back to school to try to help. Try to do some good on this planet. But I'm only human. I have needs for connection and dreams of family that it is difficult to live without. 

It's not exactly like I'm some pariah hiding away in a basement. I'm a straight A engineering student. I work out religiously. I rock climb and bike and ski. I'm happiest climbing a mountain away from all the distractions of humanity. I'm a little awkward and inside I'm honestly rather innocent and naive in many ways. People often make me uncomfortable and I have a hard time trusting others. A hard time letting them get too close. But even so, the constant rejection hurts. Yes, it's my own awkwardness and shyness and feelings of discomfort (at least when my anxiety is at a high)  that make people withdraw from me. I know this. But it just digs a little deeper each time. And I'm honest with myself enough to say the rejection by women definitely hurts the most. It's silly on some levels and I honestly would love to just have some friends, but I'm human like anyone else and the desire to have a relationship, to love and be loved, is powerful. But after 12 years of being alone and then one relationship that in retrospect didn't exactly do much to convince me that someone actually loved me I just feel gutted. I'm a bit of a hopeless romantic but after so much time my belief in love starts to degrade just out of sheer self protection. Loneliness. It's a powerful feeling. Eats you away from the inside sometimes.

God, I hate sounding like some sort of victim. I'm not. People have far, far worse lives than I and I don't think I deserve any special consideration. Unfortunately, my brain most likely has a chemical imbalance mixed with years of pattern/response building around depression and anxiety. I can even admit that one can never completely be sure of one's rationality where these things are concerned. A depressive mind is quite deceptive. I know it can skew reality and alter your perceptions. It's an interesting thing to realize that you can't even trust your own mind.

But regardless I'm also quite rational. Will I get over this feeling of depression in the short term? It's quite possible. Will it come back again and again? Also quite probable. I sound rather reasonable don't I? That's what scares me to. I can make any therapist think I'm completely rationale and reasonable and logical, because I am. But I don't think they realize that I've dissociated the two sides of myself. As I sit there and dispassionately analyze myself and laugh about some bit of psychological irony, inside I'm screaming. People always say I'm so logical. I wonder how many ever know how close I come to losing it all and having a mental breakdown on a daily basis.  

I can't live this way. It hurts. My heart aches all the time. I love this world and this wonderful planet. Humanity confuses me and sometimes disgusts me, but I love people too. There are so many wonderful, beautiful human beings. I feel connected to it all and I dearly love being in the mountains breathing in the air of this wondrous place.

If anyone read all of this mess I appreciate it. I don't really need any responses or support... I don't know...I I just had to write down my thoughts as it's hard knowing that no other person knows what I think or feel. Sharing it here at least makes me feel like perhaps I could take off my mask for a moment. 

I know it is selfish, but I'm tired of the constant pain. I am weak. I just want to feel peace and I'm starting to think that's really not too much to ask for from this life.

I am scared and alone. I am heart broken. I wish it were different.

