No matter how much I change, everything that I've ever seen or done will haunt me forever... There's no escape......Trigger warnings for sexual assault topics. I'm very sorry.

I'm mostly a pretty emotionally stable and okay person as of the last few months of getting help. I've been in therapy, taking medication, and regularly meditating, and it's all made me a totally new person. I've come a really long way. But I still feel like no matter how much I get better, everything from my past is always going to follow me, and I'll never be able to have a normal life because I'm 'tainted'. I don't even want to commit suicide because I'm depressed... I want to die because I wish I could erase everything and start over.

When I was little I had so much trouble doing things normal kids could. I wouldn't take care of my hygiene, or make eye contact or be able to communicate with anyone. I would get angry any time almost anyone tried to talk to me. Everybody thought that I had autism or something, but I don't. I must have some kind of developmental disability though... I don't know how else I could be so fucked up. My parents were always disgusted and ashamed. They were constantly frustrated and hated taking care of me.

I used to only spend time around other kids who abused me because even though I wanted to close myself off from most people, I was somehow also really desperate for human contact... They used to do things like beat me or cut me, or make me show them my genitals, and make me look at theirs. When I was at home, I would just stay in my room by myself and never talk to my family. I would spend most days in bed under all my blankets, trying to pretend that nothing else was real.

I was really scared of my dad. He drank a lot and maybe did other drugs... He never did anything violent, but he was always screaming, and I used to be afraid of saying or doing anything around him. He almost abandoned me at the supermarket one day because I was walking too close to him. My stepdad did a lot of drugs... He used to leave porn laying around or watch it on the computer while I was with him. He used to hit me and break my things, and constantly taunted me until I was afraid of him, too. I spent most of my childhood trying to hide from him.

I grew up in a mobile home park, which isn't the worst kind of neighborhood, but I was still scared of all the crime happening. I watched my best friend get sexually assaulted right in front of me... We got away before anything serious happened, but I can't imagine how horrible it must have been just to be pinned down and have someone try to tear your clothes off... Another girl on my street said that one of the neighbor kids, who was a girl about our age, used to make her look at her naked. Something horrible must have happened to her to make her want to do things like that to someone... Something horrible must have happened to *all* the other kids in the neighborhood but me... I feel lucky that I was never molested, but I'm still so fucked up over it and sometimes I feel like I deserve to have been... That's so awful... What is wrong with me...?

When I started puberty, I started being really afraid of my body. I would have all these horrible intrusive sexual thoughts *all the time*. I couldn't function at school or interact with anyone because I was so consumed by them that it's like they became my entire world. I used to constantly see terrifying demonic and sexual images all around me, like pereidolia, but with *everything* imaginable. In clouds, smudges on screens, textures on walls, holiday lights... For a long time, they felt more real than the actual things they were... Once, when I was 13, I even hallucinated hearing demons call out to me to join them... I've never had anything like that happen since, which I'm so grateful for... It was horrifying.

For most of middle and highschool, I was always so disturbed that it just started feeling normal. I even started voluntarily exposing myself to horrible images and stories and making myself think about twisted things happening to me... and I don't even know why. It's like I wanted to make everything feel dissonant and horrible... Why would I want that...? It was so awful but it's like I wanted it... Am I a horrible person for it...? Sometimes I feel like like I deserve to die just because I used to seek out things about other people suffering... Even if I wished that it would happen to me...

About a year ago, I started having a lot of flashbacks about watching my friend almost get molested, or all the times that I used to be pressured into showing off my body to my friends. Like when I was little, or one time in highschool when this one boy held me from behind while another one punched me in the gut because I wouldn't take my underclothes off for them. They stopped after that, and didn't rape me or anything... but I still used to get flashbacks of it that would make me fall over and sometimes throw up.

I started having nightmares about my genitals, and about getting raped by these invisible, demonic forces. I would drink coffee nonstop and try to stay up as long as I possibly could because I was so afraid of sleeping and dreaming. It was the only other time I started having hallucinations, but they were just tactile, sense-of-touch ones... I would feel myself getting pinned down and having my genitals rubbed really aggressively... My body reacted like it was really happening, and I couldn't fight it off... After it was over, I would spend at least a couple of hours sobbing or basically being paralyzed and so dissociated that it felt like everything around me was a dream.

After that is when I started getting help... I've come a long way since then. I can think about all the things I wrote about without melting down. They're still upsetting and make my stomach hurt to think about... but I can manage it. I mean, that's probably a normal reaction... But I've gotten a lot better. I can manage all my emotions fairly well, now. I don't have disturbing thoughts or nightmares anymore. I feel like I'm almost all the way better from all those things, and I'm really proud of myself for it...

But it doesn't even matter... No matter how much I grow as a person, or how much of a better person I am, my life will always be poisoned by all these horrible things I've seen and done. I wish that I could kill myself just so that it would all go away, and that I could start over... But I believe that the effects of all the actions in my life would echo into the next. I know that most people on Reddit aren't spiritual, and you probably all think that's stupid... but it makes me really scared of suicide even though I think about it all the time. The more I think about it, the closer I am to snapping and taking the chance that all my beliefs are wrong...

I just want to make it all go away, but I know I will never be able to, no matter what. The effects will stay with me for the rest of my life, and maybe even forever even after I die. I know that my family are all ashamed of me. I don't want to reconnect with most of the people that I used to know because I know they all think I'm horrible. Most people I know now see me as a joke because of how awkward and absent-minded I am. I know that I'll never be able to have a real relationship with anyone because I'm too fucked up. The only ones I've ever had before were with people who didn't know me well enough, or didn't realize how bad things really were. Most people who have been my friends for most of my life have either done it as a joke or a dare, or to use me as an object for abuse. I will always be totally alone and isolated no matter what I do. Even though I can actually mostly function as a normal, productive person now that I'm an adult, it doesn't even matter. These things are always going to follow me for the rest of my life, and maybe even longer... 

I don't know why I bothered posting this. Nobody is going to read through this wall of text, and talking about my feelings never makes me feel any better. I don't deserve to feel better, anyways. There's probably going to be natural consequences if I post this, but I guess I'm so desperate to make this go away that I have to do *something*, even if I know it won't do anything positive. I guess it at least helped me reflect on everything...

Honestly... I haven't even been through that much and I'm still so fucked up. I know so many people who have had to endure so much worse but are still better people than I am. My existence is totally shameful. I am embarrassed to be alive... That makes me want to die, too...