First Things First - What You Guys Are Doing Is GreatReally.  I've lurked this subreddit for awhile now, and for all you people who respond and talk people through things, it's an amazing thing.  It's reassuring to know that there are people like you in the world.

That said, if any of you have any advice, I'd love to hear it.  I've gotten to a point where I'm opening up to people more, which is a plus, I suppose.  It's not perfect - I embarrassed myself by drunkenly coming apart in front of my "best (I think...?) friend" the one night.  Though I've been doing that a lot the past year.  I embarrass myself and make things worse.  Ohhh well...

Anyway, have you ever dealt with a person where you're like, "Man, I'm sorry.  He isn't overtly mean or anything, but he's a frustrating person.  I just don't care for him"?  That's like me talking about me.  I get so irritated with me.  I'm not a bad guy, but I don't bring anything of value to the table, so to speak.  I am what I am, and that's all that I am...and, unfortunately, that's not good enough.

Recently, I began a career as a nurse.  And, God help me, I'm trying my best.  I genuinely want to do right by my patients, but I feel like what I do is never enough.  It never is.  People are generally unhappy, and I'm genuinely surprised when a patient or a coworker compliments me.  Often, I don't know what to do when they do.  Which reminds me, my coworkers get sick of me.  I feel like I do a pretty good job of hiding any depressing thoughts I may have.  People seem to really like me at first, but, for whatever reason, it always seems like, after a month or so, people get tired of me.  I dunno if it's like "past the honeymoon phase" or what, but I generally feel less welcome as my time goes on with people.

For instance, I know this sounds trivial, but bear with me here: when I began my job, a bunch of us would pair up to help each other do routine blood draws and vitals.  I paired up with this one girl, and we made a great team for about a month, then, seemingly out of the blue, she started going, "this other nurse and I always work together" and stopped working with me.  I figured I'd bring it up half-jokingly, and you could tell she felt bad - which is NOT what I wanted, she has absolutely no obligation to me or my feelings.  I immediately dropped it and just went on working by myself.  But anyway, that's just one instance in a parade of people getting tired of me after awhile.  It's not the worse thing to have happen to a person, I know, but it just gets tiring.  I've had relationships where I'm head-over-heels for someone and they seem to feel the same about me too, at first, only to have them seem very distant after a couple months.  They just stop caring, which isn't their fault.  I'm not entirely sure what I do, but it just has to be me, right?  All these times of people getting tired of me and moving away from me?  I just really wish I knew what I was doing wrong.

I feel like the eternal acquaintance.  Nobody hates me, but nobody likes me.  Such a crybaby way to say such a crybaby thing...

But it's always been that way.  I've just never been good enough for anybody.  Ten years ago, I lost the most important person in my life.  She was always there for me to lean on through hard times.  She always knew what to say too.  It was my older sister, and she was killed by a drunk driver.  I felt so lost then, and I still do.  I remember hearing my Dad say how he and my Mom lost their favorite child, and I remember thinking, "Crap, he's right.  She was nearly perfect, and now they're stuck with me."  When I was a more religious teenager, I prayed every day, begging and pleading to trade places with my sister.  It'd be easier on everyone, myself included.  I acknowledge that a 14-year-old should not be thinking such things, but, hey, I did.  Ever since then, I just feel like I don't fit in.  I don't fit in with my family or my other sister, I try, but I just don't.  They're an amazing family, but I just suck at being a son and brother.  Furthermore, I don't fit in anywhere.  I get anxious around people.  Perhaps I have a social anxiety issue...?  I have no idea.  Other people are dating, getting married, having kids...I know I'm not supposed to judge how I'm doing by comparing myself to others, but, man, I really wanted to be doing that.  But I just can't win anybody over.  I can't win.  My only guess as to why people turn away is maybe I get too clingy? It seems possible.  I feel I have a good barometer of if I come off as trying too hard or not...I really don't think it's that.  I have caught myself coming off as clingy before...so maybe that's it...

So all that stupidity brings me to why I'm posting here.  All this frustration manifests itself into these long bouts of, "I really ought to just check out.  It'd be easier for me, and then nobody would have to deal with me."  And this feeling starts to seem like more and more of a realistic option during these bouts that it really does get a little scary.  I don't have an inclination to kill myself, but sometimes it feels like a very realistic and viable option.  I just can't help it.  Even at my worst, I wouldn't do it of course.  I couldn't put my sister in the position where someday she'd have to explain to her sons why they don't have an uncle.  And, even though I am a consolation child, I shutter to think of my parents going through this whole losing a kid thing again.  That was such an ugly time.  But, don't get me wrong.  I'm not trying to paint myself as some sort of ironic martyr where I sacrifice myself by living.  Not by any stretch.  I'm not just doing it for them - I really don't want to do it, but, man, sometimes it just seems like such a good idea, if just for an hour at a time.

So, here I stand.  I'm shedding old friends like it's my job - a job I do better than nursing, I might add.  I make new "friends" for a little while only to start getting isolated all over again.  And I can't help but wonder.  I just can't help it.  I can't help but wonder how bad it would be for anyone if I disappeared from this plain of existence.  Sometimes, it really doesn't seem that bad.