Transgendered FtM close to giving up. I've been the closest to recovering depression as ever before, but I'm losing my chance.Hi. 

As the title says, I've been depressed for years. Things were bad, worse, better, worse, and now, throughout the summer, they've never been this good. I've actually been happy. It's as if every single inch of pain I went through was worth that little bit of happiness.

But my support system is being quickly lost. I couldn't take the pressure and stress of school starting again, I betrayed one of my friend's secrets to another. Maybe that seems like highschool drama, as if I'm being very exaggerated.

Really, I'm being serious. I had a counsellor appointment today, I couldn't make it because I didn't want to break down at school today. Yesterday I did, I couldn't even make it through the first five minutes of my first class, I lost it. I hid in the nearest washroom for an hour, on the phone with an adult I trust. 

That adult is part of a family that has taken me in. I feel as if I'm losing the family, because I've misplaced their son's trust. They have him to take care of right now. Of all the times I could have done this, it has to be now. Right when I need them.

If I lose this support system, I will not find one so ready to help me. I will be lost. I don't know what to do, but all of a sudden I've returned to the darkest of my thoughts, and I'm starting to find them realistic.

If I lose these people, it will have been the closest I've ever been to recovery, and maybe the closest I ever will be. The happiness I lived through the summer has made my life seem worth it, and I no longer feel I have anything left to fulfill.

I just don't know what to do.

Edit: Oh yeah, I should include something that has relevancy to being trans in the title. I haven't come out to my 'real' family, but my mom is abusive, and I'm afraid to. I'm not going anywhere with that. The family that supports me now doesn't think that I should come out at all; In fact, wait until I graduate. This would be even more miserable than it is now, knowing that I could be happy. But I'm losing them.