I'm stuck, depressed, and really can't take it anymoreI'll try to keep a long story short; Growing up I had a less than ideal childhood. I don't think I had the worst childhood if I'm being honest, but my father was an abusive alcoholic who beat my mother physically and verbally to the point where I feel she just stopped caring enough to take real action against him. He rarely beat me but frequently berated me, made me feel useless, and made decisions that, in retrospect, he likely made to keep me under his thumb (Wouldn't help me get a license , wouldn't let me get a High School job, talked me out of college, etc). 

My mother sadly passed away 4 years ago. Since she was the only one I felt kinda cared about me, I hit a very deep depression. Not long after, my Father's dementia kicked in and suddenly I had to take care of him. I could barely take care of myself, but my Dad's side of the family (Who took POA of him for me as I don't have a photo ID) talked me out of going to DSS, trying to tell me that they don't really help and just cause more problems. I listened. Their support was awful for both me and him: They brought groceries but only enough for 1 TV dinner meal a day for me and him, they repeatedly failed on promises made to me, they NEVER took over for me so I'd have a break, and eventually he started refusing to get him up at all. After this rendered him to the point he could not walk my Dad's side blamed me, put him in a Nursing Home, and kicked me out of his house.

Not entirely sure where to go as my friends simply couldn't take me, I went to live with my Grandmother and uncle on my Mom's side. My Mom had actually once told me NOT to go to them for help on anything as they aren't right in the head but I thought it was exaggeration. I was wrong. My Grandmother is a VERY bitter old Christian woman who can't hold a discussion who I think only let me move in in hopes I'd be a personal servant as she's asked me to do all the house cleaning and will go absolutely ballistic if I tell her no even if it's for a good reason and spends most of her time berating me