TrappedHello to anyone so kind as to read this and listen to my troubles. You are truly a wonder to hear out any suicidal person. 
I'm at the end of my rope. Severe depression and anxiety have plagued me since I was 10, and I am now 26. Grew up in an abusive home and developed agoraphobia that, in tandem with my other mental illnesses, rules my life. To give an idea of how bad my anxiety is, I failed classes because I was too scared to leave my seat to turn in my work. I was living for my childhood cat until she died a year and a half ago; an event I had long figured would mark my demise. I was ready to kill myself shortly after her passing, but in the days I spent in preparation, I met an amazing person, who is still my boyfriend. I get by for a year with a lot of his help, but then lose my job. That was six months ago. I move in with my boyfriend. We have horrid upstairs neighbors that consistently deprive me of sleep (insomnia is/was already an issue), so, before I know it, my days become entirely comprised of doing nothing but trying to sleep. 
I'm scared to leave the house, but so miserable and constantly, incredibly stressed out from the neighbors that I feel completely trapped. I fear that dying is the only way out. I moved back in with my mom briefly but not having the daily companionship of my boyfriend saw my mental state unravel even worse than what the neighbors do to it. I would love to just run away and live in my car (was homeless once) but I'm dependent upon both my medication and, unfortunately, opiates. The opiates are to counteract a horrible thing called akathisia. I already tried killing myself due to this wretched disorder twice until opiates brought miraculous relief, though they're obviously a double-edged sword. I can't get off my meds, either, as that would undoubtedly end in suicide after experiencing my depression unleashed again.

So I'm stuck with no job, a home I despise but am too scared to ever leave, a substance dependence that won't allow me any freedom that I'm not too afraid of, and zero future prospects... And this is a very general list. If I listed everything that is wrong in my head and my life, this post would be even more lengthy. I don't want to hurt my boyfriend or any of my family, but I can't keep this life up. 
I thought I could get through today as long as I got to spend time with my boyfriend, but after waiting all week- an agonizing amount of time when you are desperate to die- he came home with a headache and had to go straight to bed. He works long tomorrow. 
I really don't think I can't make it another day.