I'm just waiting for one more decently sized reason to do it. Beat my mentality and I won't.My life consists of me staring at facebook, raging at videogames, and smoking weed to take my mind off of everything, because every aspect of my life I use for reasoning to die. I don't have school, I don't have a job, nor do I have motivation to get a job because death is such a simple, flawless solution in the first place. It's such an easy way out. 
My family will miss me of course, my friends would be shocked, but the fact is the only time I feel happy (even though I appear happy here and there) is when I have a personal other which is almost never.  Why? Firstly to explain this question, one must understand an idea the same way that you must understand an idea to watch and understand the movie Inception. It is a seed of unbeatable logic. And the seed of logic to cause this flaw in my thinking is the FACT that family members love family, not by choice. To back this up, if a different sperm were to reach the egg before I did when I was a sperm, then obviously my family would love whoever that person would end up being. 
The point is, purpose is not granted to any person. That is why a personal other makes such a difference to me. A personal other would love me by choice, therefore I would be given purpose by another person. And, technically, anyone could say "don't kill yourself, (reason), (reason)." Reasoning like that, almost no matter who its from, is irrelevant because of the fact that if I were to die, that person that previously tried to persuade me not to do it would not be affected. If that person was a friend, they would only be affected emotionally for a small amount of time and move on with his or her life.
Now for all the other effects that are moderately affecting my yearning to kill myself.
1. I hate the way I look, I hate my personality, I hate the way I respond to all human interaction. I hate my person altogether. As soon as high school ended, (last June), 3/4 of all my friends either stopped talking to me, or began to act like an asshole very directly or indirectly to me.
2. I have a serotonin imbalance. When I feel "happy", I don't feel happy, and I feel a hungry, empty feeling that is similar to how a person feels when they need something necessary for life like water, or social interaction. When I feel sad, I feel SAD. I mean, as deeply distraught as any person could ever feel. 
3. I could leave some extremely impactful messages on the world all of the people I interact with, and all of the people that know of me.
4. Due to #2, existence is a burden. **Always**. There is no possible way hell is permanent, because any god smart enough to create existence itself (if any such god exists) isn't fucking stupid enough to punish a life-form with limited intellect (a human) for all of eternity. And if I wanted to live, I wouldn't be able to lead a christian life in the first place. (Thinking about spirituality is necessary when contemplating suicide.)
5. I had all of the previously described thinking all of highschool, and that is something you must know before you see this. I just had my first girlfriend a month or two ago. I lost my virginity to her, became incredibly attached, and was dumped because of the fear of commiting to a personal other emotionally. She let me experience the feeling of anticipation, which is something I had never experienced in all of my life. When we broke up and I lost this purely blissful feeling of anticipation for life, I was literally unable to eat for a week. My body did not want to live without anticipation to live, or sense of purpose, and I almost vomited every attempt I gave at eating more than a few bites of a meal. My appetite improved after agreed she and I would continue talking even though we were broken up, but after that, she stopped talking to me almost entirely. My appetite has been decaying over a month, and it's almost as bad as it was when I wasn't eating last month. I am a nineteen year old male and I now weigh 123 pounds.
6. This girl's emotional problems came from two different boyfriend's she had in the past. The first was emotionally abusive, and raped her, I found out, which caused her to develop an extreme complex on how to cope with boys she has had sex with, like me. The second was emotionally abusive, and this is why she refuses to emotionally commit to another man. And it's not something I can give time, because this happened a while ago. To add to all this, her family is as fucked up as possible. She has incredible and incomprehensible stress to sum it up. She and I were so happy together, and it also frustrates me that she won't allow "us" to happen, as it would be a solution for both of us.
7. All the people that scarred this girl who is so undeserving of a life so fucking terrible makes me realize the basis for all of the negative thinking I have ever had in my depressed life. Human nature. It is the cause of every bad action in life, obviously. But just thinking about how extreme it can get makes me want to kill myself so FUCKING BADLY. No one tries to overcome it. It's fucking disgusting. It's the cause of every problem on this earth. No one realizes that, and if they do, no one has made an effort to conquer their human nature before conquering any and every other petty matter on this petty earth. I don't want to be "human" because of it. It's an abomination to existence. 

Yeah. I'll come back tomorrow in hopes of finding some comments that aren't cliche, stupid, or meaningless. Good luck helping this one.