Lost my will to live in January and still can't find a reason to continueI wasn't gonna post here because I feel ashamed for feeling this way, but I can't find my will to continue and really just wanna end it all. I tried a couple weeks ago with some pills but I just woke up a couple hours later to puke them out. I can't even do that right. In my 28 years of life I have never done what I wanted to do, mostly because of the idiotic decisions I've made and partly because anytime I try to do something I like someone always has something negative to say about and bring me down. Wanna play video games? Oh that's just a waste of time. Wanna be a writer? But there's no money in that. Want to just smoke some weed and stay home to relax? Oh but you never go out so you'll never stop being depressed. I am so sick and tired of living my life. I have a job I can at least live with, I have a family that loves me and I have friends that support me, but I can't stop feeling like it's all a waste of time because I will never achieve the things that i want in my life. I've tried to be happy, I've tried to go out and enjoy what other people enjoy, I've tried trying to belong to a group of like minded people and nothing has helped beyond the initial high of trying out something new. Now I'm about to lose my job because I can barely get out of bed in the mornings. I'm so tired, of everything, and so ashamed that even though I have a "good" life I just can't find a reason to continue in it. I am not currently thinking about killing myself thanks to my anti-depressants and anxiety pills, but I'm also not opposed to the idea of falling from the roof of the building I work in or getting run over by a train. Full disclosure this whole trigger comes from the fact that I was interested in a girl at work and we became friends and then I saw that she is actually interested in someone else. My problem isn't with her, she's still a good friend, my problem stems from the fact that every time I want something I am never good enough, or pretty enough or social enough.

TLDR; I have what others would call a good life but I don't feel like it's the things that I want and I don't feel worthy of having good things in general because I'm just a loser.