They never asked about the knifeI go by the name gilligan ( a favorite character from a book I like ) 
Im 23 I like think that im slim fit. 
Basic work out everyday, I like to fix things that are broken say it maybe a broken electric fan ill have myself electrocuted if I need to just to fix that thing or cut my fingers reparing a broken vase. 
My latest project was a laptop that my cousin bought for around 100k pesos (ph ) took me three days the power wasnt circulating properly and not turning the damned thing on. 
After a few frustrating days of sitting fown and experimenting I finally got the thing back alive. 
It felt like I just revived a person with my hands.
 It felt good. 
I dont sleep very often. 
Having an hour of nap or two maybe 3 would be grand for me. 
Most of the time im just on my social feeds just staring at animal photos. 
That cheers me up always. 
I always have these " thoughts " 
Say a girl says I look handsome its always followed by a voice saying she probably needs something from me or maybe someone gives me something as a gift automatically think that now I owe him .
Trust? 
Its not in my dictionary. 
These past months just pushed that word away from me farther. 
I had a girlfriend that promised me that shed never let go. 
You know what happened. 
I had a bestfriend of 15 years
Yeah we had up and downs. 
Before then I thought those downs were already settled. 
During the last weeks of my relationship my bestfriend told my girlfriend that he loves her. 
That basically came to me as a fucking tsunami againdt a small fishing boat. 
It all came crashing down after.
She broke up with me claiming that Im in the way of her studies. 
Even tho im always been supportive in all possible ways when shes stressed about anything study related. 
I make sure Im always there when shit goes down. 
And I know I did a good job. 
I am not a happy person. 
I have these momentary mental breakdowns 
Like waves of negative thoughrs pulsates through the layers of my mind. 
I have no way of dealing with it except just being quiet and let it pass through like rain to a sunny day.
Or a mist to a mountain. 
One night we three, me my gf and my bestfriend were hanging on the rooftop of my gf's condo just chilling yalking about stuff. 
And I had a fucking meltdown. 
I didnt realize its been 2 hours and ive just been staring at a fucking plant. 
Then when I woke up I just wanted to cry. 
I was crying on the inside. 
But on the outside I just smiled and excused myself saying I felt sick and wanted to go home. 
My bestfriend responds with alright I gotta go too. 
So yeah expecting them to head their own ways. 
I went home too with proper goodbyes and apologies. 
I spent another 3 hours staring at the ceiling of my room. 
After crying myself to sleep. 
3 am. 
I went out to look for food. Theres this 24/7 place near a bus top that night commuters take. 
And there I saw the two. 
Seemed like gf was walking my bestfriend to the bus stop. 
They seemed very surprised to see me. 
I didnt even speak. 
I just walked past them and kept to myself. 
My mind was all over the place. 
I knew what was going on but I was hoping I was wrong. 
My gf kept calling me. 
Asking whats wrong and saying how rude of me to ignore them like that.
I just made up an excuse that she easily accepted then things were as if nothing happened. 
Bf started talking to gf about my " issues " 
At this point I just tell myself just let it fix itself. 
And me being hopefull and wishing things would be different I let go of what happened. 
But I always get reminded with the fact that they talk more often than I do with my gf. 
My bf excessively gives more gifts to my gf. 
And seems to appreciate him more often that she does to me. The thoughts they pile up. 
But always, I always find the strength to push them away after all. 
They're only "thoughts " or " intrusive thoughts as my gf calls it. " 

After work I head to a net cafe to steam off. 
I receive a text that me and my gf needs to talk. 
Then I broke down. 
The person thats been slowly building me up and the foundation of my progress is about to let me go. 
So I asked are you gonna break up with me? 
" im sorrry. " 
I wouldnt take it anymore. 
I lost it. I went home got a kitchen knife 
Laid on my bed I lay on my stomach elevating my chest off the bed just so the knife ( handle to the bed the blade to my chest ) fits for 2 hours I was on a death plank. 
Quiet. 
No crying. 
Just blankly staring back into my pillows while my elbows supported my weight. 
After that. 
I just found myself drink 3 sleeping pills. 
The next day I didnt get off my bed. 
I couldnt eat or drink anything. 
I had no energy. 
My throat was dry. 
My stomach was grumbling. 
This went on for a full week. 
Then I started to cut my wrists again. 
Something ive stopped doing.
The last scar I had was from 2009. 
This was when my parents were throwing ceramic plates at each other like they were trying to make them fly like ufos. 


My cousins sends me a message " yo I need help with my thesis " 
I felt like I have a purpose again. 
So I gave everything I had into the new project. 
I was temporarily happy. 
I forgot about the small cut on my chest. 
Which have just recently stopped bleeding. 
And the cuts on my wrist started to dry up. 
Just perfectly covered by my watch. 
I can still feel the sting of when my sweat touches the wounds. 

Ive convinced myself not to care about what happened anymore..

Thanks my cousin says for sure anytime I reply. 
After that hes graduated from college
 Congrats
We start to hang out more often. 
But no I dont feel that I have a new friend. 
Im just that guy they call if they have no choice.

They live in a nice quiet village
 
I took a long ass walk at 1 am 
I realized I can try harder to be better. 
A second chance. 
I opened myself up to new people
I met this korean dude named alaycia 
And noji. 
The other is recklessly childish and the other is slyly gay aleays hinting sexual stuff towards me. But theyre cool nonetheless.
This gal ive been following on one of my social medias.
I saw her promoting a desktop tower. 
Her smile stuck with me. 
Ever since I saw it ive always brought it with me then. 
I happen to come across a familair face on fb. 
It was her. 
" Scarlett " 
A few days was the length of my wait to finally message her and cope up the bravery to start a conversation with. 
Little to one word replies. 
This goes on for days and weeks
Ive given up. 
Shes not interested. 
But why? 
One I am a stranger.
Two who the fuck am I. 
3 I dont need to pull another soul to suffer with me. 
But I wont do anythi g to harm her. 
I want to get to know her.
If I could. 
I want to be close to her. 
Days of emptiness were broken by " hey im sorry ive just been busy lately " 
My heart,  you fucking have no idea. 
My heart. 
I almost had a heart attack. 
Thank you for letting me know. 
Its fine let me know when youre not busy :) I dont mind. 
Trying to be cool.
We continue to talk through the night. 
I want to hug her. 
Please care for me like you dont want to lose me. 
Tbc. 



