216 days ago I discovered my friend took his life.Hi, I’m not the typical original poster on this subreddit but I felt my thoughts might be worth sharing.

When started university in 2004 I had the honour of meeting my dear friend Kratoz. He was actually the one that introduced me to reddit. It is a funny story  which started with him calling me saying “Want free drinks tonight?” and ended with me doing jager bombs with Alexis at the Madison in Toronto. 

Kratoz changed my life and the lives of many others positivity. He encouraged me to think through my viewpoints rationally and set admiral goals. He would give thoughtful gifts and advice. He would recommend movies and books after extensive research. He would perfect my grammar. He primed me up for the conversation where I told my parents I was gay. He would even lend his van to myself and his friends when they needed it. (To the point the van had established it’s a twitter account.)

He was very open about his depression to the ones that he was close to him. He once even reached out on this subreddit (http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/9vpox/when_do_you_stop_trying/).  It was something he battled with absolute courage and we always looked up to him for that.

One day I hadn’t heard from him. No one had so I went to his house and into his room. I found that he had taken his life, it was gross. Upon finding my friend it’s like God pressed play on my life. I did everything the way I was supposed to, I called 911, dealt with the police, told his close friends who weren’t there, his boyfriend, his mentors at university, his former boss, and countless others.

My house became a place of mourning filled with people staying until 4am two nights in a row. It was filled with flowers, photographs, tiny sandwiches on platters and lots of love. These people weren’t Kratoz’s extended family they were the people that were touched by Kratoz through his activities at school and in life. People that admired and respected him, loved him, debated with him and taught him.

Today I’m left just missing his smile and charm and witty banter.

The hardest moments have been supporting his Mother and Father. Who I’m sure felt helpless throughout the years watching their son fight this battle. I feel really close to them now. I am reminded of Kratoz when I talk to them in person, if I squint my eyes hard enough with the two of them standing next to each other what I see reminds me of Kratoz.

What I have to say is essentially, don’t give up. Use every ounce of self control to make healthy life decisions to will improve your condition. It may seem insurmountable but hey so seemed traveling to the moon. You might not see it or feel it at times, but there is so much compassion contained in the ones around you. I’m bet Kratoz would have thought no more than 20 people would be mourning his death, I don’t think he realized that at the service we held it was over 250. 

Narwhal, (Kratoz liked that word, so I'm going to use it too)
