At a loss of what to do [long post]This is about my younger brother, not me.  He's in his first year of high school and struggling with depression/self harm, and has told me and my parents that yes, he does think about 'disappearing' from time to time.  We have taken him to our family doctor and he's actually very cooperative with discussing things with the doc, though he doesn't see how talking will help him feel better at all.  I'm writing here to see if anyone has any ideas on things I can do to help him, since he won't be meeting with a psychiatrist until July (great booking, eh?) and continues to be plagued by a lot of shit at school.

A quick run-down of my brother:  he feels compelled to 'fix' people.  One of his closest friends is a girl he's tried to help (she is/was suicidal/SHing).  She's come a long way since he became friends with her- she has a lot of friends at school he's introduced her to, and seems to be on a better page with her parents which is heartening.  Her parents love my brother.  However, my brother has recently dated another girl he thinks he needs to 'fix', and she turned out to be the worst thing that could happen to him.

She's cheated on him many times with another guy at a different high school, and even after they broke up she sends texts to my brother of unsolicited nude photos, pictures of pills in her hand telling him she's going to kill herself... she's a really manipulative person that seems to love having two guys fight over her.  She's told the other guy she's having sex with that my brother is suicidal and she's only putting up with him so he doesn't off himself (which could be true, he's in a really dark place right now), but she's the one that continues to get my brother in those places by texting him awful things.  He's told her to stop texting him but she continues to contact him with different methods of getting him to respond.  My brother feels stupid for having feelings for her despite how terrible she's treated him (she's done a lot of awful things beyond what I've said here), but continues to do things like delete her incriminating messages because he doesn't want her to get in trouble (I think he knows that if I got physical proof of how she was acting, i'd go straight to her house and show her parents.  They've called my brother a liar about this and continuously blame him for fucking her over, and I'd looooove  to see them put their feet in their mouths). 

If anyone has any advice at all on the situation, I'd really appreciate it.  Insights for me, or experiences you've had, anything.  When I was his age, I self harmed and went through a very tough time from being bullied, but he didn't know that until I told him after having a heart to heart.  I really hope he didn't take it as a type of validation that what he's doing is okay... I tried to convey that I knew what the urges felt like and tried to give him some alternatives to injury that still gave an endorphin release. 