I feel as if I was always a lost cause.It’s the very early morning, I’ve been up because of how volatile my emotions are tonight. 

First off, I admit that I never was in an average environment. I was born and raised in the Jehovah’s Witnesses, a high control religious group, every aspect of my life was decided from the start. Everything from length of hair, to no holidays, to willingly following the organizations orders, no matter how peculiar. While I witnessed the damaging effects that a strict religion that values conformity has on others, I never saw what it had on me.

I developed a severe paranoia from many of the practices in the group. I was constantly told the world can end any second, leading to a sense of dread and worry. I was also told that I could be deemed “not good enough” once Armageddon came, leading to extreme guilt for anything deemed “worldly” and a belief I was never enough. Alienation was another factor, given I couldn’t participate in holiday or birthday events with other children.

At the same time, I was often beat up by my older cousins, for little to no reason.  Being young, I was afraid of admitting I was the target of bullying. My cousins would often threaten me if I spoke ill of them or their actions. Given the tight-knit nature of their immediate family, I was always outnumbered in terms of placing my word against theirs. 

Both of these problems were eventually removed from my life. I left the Witnesses, despite how strict rules regarding apostates are.  I graduated early, distancing myself from any unnecessary social conflict such as my cousins. Despite the fact these problems are in the past, I know they affect me to this day. 

Concern for my mental health was first expressed during middle school, and up until 10th grade, cultivated. Soon, I was required to see a professional before returning, due to multiple counselors diagnosing me with severe depression. I always felt a little more serious and cold than my peers, but I never knew it was that serious.  I decided to pursue homeschool and graduated within 6 months. 

Regardless, I see how damaging I was to others before I left school. I was unpleasant, I was depressing and still am cynical. I did make mistakes, such as rushing into relationships, and dismantling friendships out of a fear of betrayal.

After years of being taught to not trust anyone outside of my religion, years of being a punching bag for my cousins, and earning myself a bad reputation for having a shaky mental health; I can safely say I’ve retreated into a sunken place. My compulsions are relentless, my suicidal thoughts are often fueled by paranoid thoughts and I can’t even drive or get a job, I’m too damn anxious. All of this makes it hard to maintain any friendships, due to my own imperfections. While I wish to become a musician, I’ve always seen myself dying a young death. I feel as if I’m running out of time, before my past and mind get the best of me. It almost feels as if there’s no chance of having a pleasant life due to my mental health.