I went ballistic a couple nights agoI'm currently withdrawing from all-day/every-day marijuana usage.

 I graduated in May 2020 with a math degree and CS minor, also a year long internship relevant to my job search (data analyst), and yet can't find anything. Had a 3.8 gpa, summa cum laude, vice president of a club at school that is also relevant to my job search. Nada.

On this night, I didn't fall asleep until 7am, from no weed. Around 5am, I went ballistic. I punched my wall as hard as I could and made a big hole in it and cut my hand up. My mom woke up and I told her that I wished I was dead, that I wished I had a gun so I could just kill myself. All this hard work, for nothing. Jack shit. I screamed at the top of my lungs that I wanted to die. I hate myself. I told her that I have never been happy, and I know I never will be. I'm done, I don't want a fucking job anymore, I'm not gonna dance around like a motherfucking monkey on Zoom anymore. I have brains and skills that will simply never be used because these business retards are too terrified to waste a dollar hiring somebody that has the remote possibility of being a bad employee.

The next day they didn't even say anything. Nothing about me wanting to kill myself. This wasn't the first time though, they probably just don't know what to say. Idc not like they could help me anyways, I'm far beyond help.

 I was also a drug addict (cocaine and xanax) before I quit and went back to school. 

Fuck it lmao. I don't care. I'm going back on fucking drugs. I'm getting my shit together to place an order off the dark web. If it goes well, I'm ordering a shitload of heroin or fentanyl off there and ending the joke that is my life. I don't care who I hurt. My parents shouldn't have been selfish enough to have me as a child. I never wanted to be brought into this world, and I still don't want to be here. I wish I never existed. I am a privileged ass 27 year old white boy who flunked out of college the first time around because of drugs, wasted money, and now when I *finally* get my shit together, it no longer matters. All I can do is watch as every single person I grew up with slowly becomes far more successful than I ever will be. I'm done, I'm so depressed and sad and hopeless. I won't be dead for a little bit, but within a few months I should be good. I am getting that fucking heroin and slamming that shit into my veins. Hell, I'll stick it up my nose if I have to, I just need to get enough for it to be "too much". I don't even have the fucking money to do it, so I'm probably going to have to ask my parents to borrow some money. I don't care, I will achieve it. I am not going to allow myself to be sad anymore, no matter what it takes.

And please, fuck off with your bullshit advice and platitudes about how I just need to magically "stop being sad" and "stop letting it affect me so much" and "just let it roll off your back bro". Fuck you cunt, how about you get rejected from ever getting an entry level job and see how it makes you feel.

I have so much hatred for life. My curse is having to see everything that I could have had, but now I can never achieve it. What a fucking joke. If I had a gun I would have already done it. I don't even have the $500 or so that I need to get it though.