There are 3 guns in this house. Cross postDon't worry they're safely put away. I want to kill myself though and have for a long time. I've had thoughts of suicide since elementary. I've never been to a psychiatrist, and at this time I desperately need one. I'm not calling the suicide hotline because I've heard nothing but bad things. I won't kill myself though because of my kids and husband though.

Tonight was horrible. The day and most of the evening went great, as has the past couple of months. Husband is off for the weekend, so he's drinking some and playing video games, it was nice. Just all spending time together in our own little way and I love doing that. Husband started getting rough with me (not violently, just in a loving/playing too hard kind of way I guess, not sure how to describe it but in no way violent or angry). Anyways I said ow, stop, and he wouldn't. I start crying and that's how I ruined the night. On his way to get Jack in the Box for him and our daughter he says to me "If you call (his buddies name here) I'll leave you".
I never once though that our relationship would come to an end, but tonight hearing him say that really put things into perspective. I've posted here before about things he's said to me and how I've been treated on my main but I can't post any of that here because it will 100% give away who I am.

He said the only thing in this entire world that he loves/cares about, is our oldest, he loves our youngest, but it's our oldest that's keeping him going. She's the only thing keeping him from killing himself and for him to keep going to work. I asked him what about me, and if he cared about our relationship, and if he still wanted to be together, and he said yes in a way that I'm not sure about. He said it's up to me if anything happens and asked why I'm worried because I have nothing to lose. But I do, I'll end up losing him and I love him, I want us to work out and be together, I want him to be happy. My husband also kept saying no one cares about how he feels so he just doesn't care about anything. I tried telling him I do, that's why I kept/keep trying to talk to him. But he just doesn't care and doesn't want to talk.

I feel like I'm the reason for everything going to shit, I'm the reason for his unhappiness. I get way too emotionally worked up over things and I hate it. I absolutely lost it tonight when he said he'd leave me. When he got home he said what he had to say (about our daughter keeping him sane pretty much) and that's what I needed to understand, end of conversation.

I asked him if he's ever cheated on me, he said no, he has never had any desire to, he doesn't want to take the time to get to know someone else. He said he would never do that to me, and honestly I do believe him on that, according to him, he's had 5 chances to in our entire relationship to and he never once acted on them because that's wrong and he wouldn't do that to me. I trust him on this entirely.

All I know is at this moment, I want to die and I have the resources to do so, but I can't bring myself to because I'm putting both my daughters ahead of me, and even though I feel like mine and my husbands marriage is failing, I couldn't do that to him either.

I need help, and I need it now.