Just wanted to get this out.I feel stuck. 
I realized fully a few weeks ago that I have major depression, anxiety and ptsd. 
This will be a little long. Rant warning. 

Can't afford therapy on 10 bucks an hour and I don't qualify for government assistance because I'm trying to make more money on the side with my art. I’ve been trying for months to get on AHCCCS, but they keep sending me more paperwork. I need therapy; I know that. But I don't have anywhere to go. 
It feels like to some degree, art is the only thing keeping me sane. I want to pursue that, but I have no idea how to be in business for myself. And I try to get help. But it seems like everyone is in the same boat as I am—no one knows what they’re doing, except shrugging their shoulders. 

I'm in school, volunteering and looking to get another job that isn't shitty and that is in my career path. I was promised a promotion because of my excellent work, but that was last year. Now they won't even look my way and talk down to me like I’m a kid. 
    Yesterday I came in to work, even though I had online schoolwork I needed to do and it was my day off—because my coworkers called off. The bosses’ boss asked me, “I thought you were in class?” But I said, “No, I just had some assignments I needed to do, but there was no one else coming, so.” 
“Ohhh, so just schoolwork.” Yeah. Not important or anything. 
Meanwhile, I keep racking up that student debt that I don't see a way to pay back.

I can’t talk to my family about my feelings. Hell, I don’t feel I can’t talk to anyone. My family doesn't understand and probably never will. They will just chock it up to me being over dramatic and silly. They don't say it, but I see it in their looks and dismissive words. They don't see me having anxiety attacks. They don't see me dragging myself out of bed. They don't see me either not eating or hiding food.

My boyfriend is amazing and patient and wants me to get help. But I feel like there's only so much he can handle, before he will leave me. I'm hurting him when I am depressed. I can see it. The other day I made a joke about killing myself, and we had this moment where we stared at each other, and I think both of us realized I kind of meant it. 
He's told me he’s scared and deeply concerned, and rightfully so. But sometimes he thinks it's his fault, even when I've told him it's not. And he wants to have a family. I'm not sure if I could give him that. I don't want to fuck up our children with my issues. I'm just a scared girl. But the loyal, wonderful idiot still wants me. Still loves me. Still wants to stay and figure it out.

I don’t want to go to some hospital for suicidal ideation, so I keep quiet and keep my head down. The mental health system in our town is soooo bad. I know, because I used to work at a one of those hospitals. I don’t ever want to be in a position where I’d have to go there. 

Life feels like I'm hitting a brick wall constantly no matter what I try. And I honestly don't know what to do. I don't know if my life means a damn thing or ever will. I’ve always felt as if I wasn't supposed to be alive, but somehow I slipped through the cracks and now I'm stuck with it.

Depression is a beast. Anyone who says that you should get over it has no idea. No. Fucking. Idea.

I'm gonna keep trying to find a way out. But I don't know how long I can keep it up. I know I need therapy or maybe meds to keep me stable. I'm just tired. Really, truly, tired.