My story. Advice would be appreciated as I am totally lost right now :(I don’t know if I am writing for advice or to share my story to help others and help myself in sharing such a difficult part of my life. I guess I should start with a brief intro. Naturally I want to keep things anonymous so I will just call myself Mike. I am a 26 year old male (27 later this year) and I have been suffering from massive depressive disorder, chronic anxiety, PTSD, insomnia, flash backs, nightmares, schizophrenia and multiple personality disorder for the past 2 years. I am currently (dependant) on Lorazepam (Ativan), Zolpidem (Ambien), Seroquel, Mirtazepam and Propranolol to just make it through the day.

This is my story…

My story starts when I was 10 years old and for four months I was sexually and physically abused by a family friend. I was raped around 60 times from what I can remember as well as forced to perform sex acts on him. Before and during the sexual attacks I was also beaten around my head, neck and upper back. The abuse stopped when I went to secondary school (high school) and I never saw this person very often as their position was as a carer to me and my sister (younger by 2 years, she was never abused thank god) after school.
Until May 2009 I never spoke to anybody about what happened to me. Not a single person and I had locked the memories away and on the whole I was okay, or at least I thought I was. Looking back I can see that for several years before then I had been heading into a deeper and deeper depression however I had not noticed as it was so gradual. 

Now I will rewind back to when I was 16, I began dating a girl who I will call Claire. After only a few months she became pregnant. This was obviously a huge shock and a massive decision to make to if we kept or terminated the pregnancy. After thinking about it for a couple of weeks we both felt like we wanted to keep our child. This post isn’t about if this is the right or wrong choice for teenagers to make and I will not discuss our decision any further than to say that is what we decided to do. Our daughter, who I will call Annie, was born in 2002 and is still the most amazing person in my life. Claire and I were still in love and in 2005 we got married (we were both 21). Sadly the relationship broke down in 2008 when I discovered, on our third year wedding anniversary, that she was having an affair. The affair itself was not the fundamental reason for the relationship failing and I am not angry at Claire for doing what she did. She was unhappy and unloved the more I became depressed but did not notice. I was not a bad husband but I wasn’t being a good one either. I see the break up as a result of my mental health problems. I understand many will disagree with this and say she still had no right to cheat and should have helped, etc. and I respect your opinion however what is done is done, I have moved on from that part of my life. Far worse things had already happened to me and were still to happen. Claire is a good person and a good mum, some may not think so but this post is not about judging her so I would appreciate if you do want to voice your opinion on her actions you do so as an adult and not just slag her off. 
After Claire and I had been separated a while a had a relationship with another single parent, who I will call Megan, (my daughter was living with me and saw her mother on weekends) I met through a local single parent group. Our daughters got on well and we enjoyed each others company and things happened very naturally. Megan and I had a fantastic relationship. Unfortunately my depression and anxiety were starting to become a real problem for me now (early 2009) and in May 2009 I had a panic attack at work and was signed off for a week and put on some anti anxiety medication (Ativan/Lorazepam), anti depression medication (Sertraline) and referred to a specialist at a private mental health hospital. It was there that I first admitted to what happened to me as a child and began trauma treatment. My doctor wanted to admit me to the hospital as an inpatient however I wanted to continue as a day patient so I could keep things as stable as possible for my daughter. 

I was going through treatment and doing a bit better (I had been signed off work for 3 months now) when in July Megan told me she was pregnant (I must have superman sperm to get two women pregnant both on the depo injection and using condoms, although I confess not all the time). I was extremely happy about this. I felt, and even to this day, feel that she was the one. I could see myself spending the rest of my life with her. My doctors and therapists thought Megan would be the best person to first tell about my abuse. To be clear my wife never knew I had been abused neither did anybody in my family, just the doctors at the hospital. So a Sunday evening in July I told Megan what happened to me. Not in huge detail but that I had been raped as a child and that was why I was getting treatment in hospital. Until then she thought what everyone else thought, I was depressed and was being treated for that. Why I was depressed they did not know or ask, not many people do ask the why surprisingly. 

The week that followed was pretty normal, I went to hospital as normal and had pretty normal contact with Megan although she said she would give me some space for a few days while I get used to somebody else knowing, at the time I saw it as her caring however that was not the case. One the Friday (not even a week from the Sunday) Megan text me to tell me she had been to have a termination and that she could no longer be with me as she could not support me in the way I needed. This completely destroyed me to my core. I got the text at hospital and my brain literally fractured when I read the message. The nurse read the message and got my doctor and I was admitted right there and then. They called my parents who brought some clothes and arranged with Claire to look after our daughter. I was in hospital for 3 months, my parents did not know why I had got worse and I could not tell them. I was put on a cocktail of drugs and was a zombie for a month or two. After two months the doctors and therapists had helped me find the strength to tell my parents however I could not do it myself so it was arranged for them to come in and the doctors would talk to and tell them what happened to me and then I would join them if I felt I could. That was November 2009 and that day was one of the hardest days I have ever had to live through. My parents were amazingly supportive and without them I know I would not be here writing this now. 

It was decided, with my agreement, that the best thing would be for me to have a break for a while to get better. I left my job which was incredibly stressful, sold my house, my daughter went to live with her mother and I moved in with my mother and step-father. This all happened in December 2009/January 2010. 

Over the past year I have been trying harder and harder to beat this however I have made little progress. I still stuff major depression and anxiety daily. I have panic attacks in public places. I am addicted to Lorazepam (I am on 25mg a day) and Ambien (80mg a night) which when I have tried to come off I have had horrible withdrawal from. I also suffer from schizophrenia and have audible, visual and memory disturbances. The Seroquel mostly keeps this under control but not completely. I have good days and very bad days. 

While I was in hospital I made some very good friends who I kept in touch with after leaving. One of them became a very close friend and she and I gave each other a lot of love and support. We were not in a relationship but were extremely close friends. She was the only person I had ever told everything too as I was for her. We were each others emotional vaults as such. We had become best friends and would do anything for each other. While I had not made massive progress in my recovery she had helped me so much. Then in October 2010 she felt unwell and went to the doctor, long story short she was diagnosed with primary cancer of the liver which had already spread to her bones, longs, stomach, pancreas, brain and heart. Pretty much everywhere. She passed away 6 weeks later just a couple of weeks before Christmas. 

It is now 6 weeks since she past away and my mind is just dead now. The only comfort I have is thinking of killing myself. My depression and anxiety are worse than ever and I cannot see a way forward. I feel my body is alive but who I am is dead. My heart is still broken with how Megan acted. I feel like she killed my child and I feel guilty for it because she did it because of what happened to me. I am still in love with her even though she treated me so cruelly. I have constant nightmares and flash backs to my abuse which I cannot switch off without taking some much medication my brain switches off for a few hours but that is not a life. I am on a waiting list again to see yet more specialists and have about 3 to 4 weeks to wait until I see them but I don’t know if I want to fight any longer. I am tired of my life and just want it to end. I feel I have suffered so much for basically all of what I can remember of my life that there is no desire to continue if it is just going to be more and more pain. I am here still because of my daughter, I don’t want her to lose her dad so young but every day it becomes harder and harder to survive for her. I know I have a breaking point and I am scared I am dangerously close to it. I am scared one day I will not be able to take the weight on me and I will kill myself. 

To be honest I don’t know why I am posting this. Part of me felt the need to share this with others and the reddit community has always been incredible. I don’t even know if here is the right place to post this but I couldn’t think of a more suitable place, if there is one I will xpost it. 

Continued in a comment due to space limits