Life is not for meMaybe other enjoy living this lie, and close their eyes on the problems in the world, but everywhere I look I feel selfishness, abandonment, lies, deception and jealousy. I don’t see happiness. Just a quick sparkle maybe, but almost always it gets destroyed by overreaction of people, making it look like they never have been happier in their entire life, just not to acknowledge that it was just a bit good, because just a bit good is bad in their mind. There is no real feelings left. 

Im just gonna take example of the country Im currently live in - US. People here don’t care about others, not really. They do what they want and bother about nobody around. And oh boy oh boy, the work environment and education here, my favorite part! You need to pay hundreds of thousands dollars for 4-5 years of your life to receive some paper, so you may QUALIFY to work. I come from non traditional background, I had to abandon my home country where I studied in a free university, and I don’t have so much money to buy my education here. I went to a free school, which is not recognized as higher education, because its free, of course great logic america. I’m good at my profession, but nobody wants to hire me, because (wait for it) I don’t have a paper. Nobody even want to look in my direction without it. This is just fucked.

And by the reasons of my visa status, I can’t leave the country for more than 6 month during a year. I spend this time with my partner, who lives on the other fucking continent and who cannot move to live here because of their work.
They are the only reason I’m still alive. It gives me hope. But as much as I love them, as much I feel lonely without them. And the thought of them abandoning me just kills my heart every night. I don’t have other friends, at least reddit is here, and random people who are still reading this fucking nonsense that is my life.

I don’t want to live. I tried. I didn’t like it. Maybe for others, but I’m fucking done with this pile of crap. Another place, another time, but it is not this one.