Trying something newHey everyone. My name is Callum. I'm 17, and I live in England. I know it's not safe to share that kind of information on the internet, but I really couldn't care less.

I've been diagnosed with autism, social anxiety and severe depression. I'm currently on four different types of medication that make me feel numb. I've lived a life that's very privileged - I have a comfortable life, a really supportive mum, and two adorable doggies. I've had counselling for depression and anxiety, but it's always a temporary fix. All of my problems feel incredibly superficial, which makes me uncomfortable seeking help for them, but as the title suggests, I'm trying something new. 

When I was 12, my dad left my mum. I'm still in contact with him, and I still see him every now and then, but it still shocked me to my core; I hadn't ever experienced anything like that before. I was still adjusting to secondary school life, and I was getting bullied a lot, so life was really strange for me. That was before I got seriously depressed.

I'm a nihilist; always have been, always will be. I find the world we live in absolutely disgusting - everything is about some big corporation's personal gain, with adverts blaring on TV and on huge boards just to make you spend money on irrelevant junk you don't need. As someone with sensory processing disorder, courtesy of autism, I can barely leave my room without being subjected to some kind of sensory battering ram. The world doesn't care about people, and it makes me sick. That's not the kind of world I want to live in. I can't even leave my room, because the thought of being around other people terrifies me. I just sit up to my desk watching YouTube videos and gaming because that's how I like to spend my time. 

Nearly a year ago now (yay happy anniversary) I broke up with a girl that I loved with all my heart because the relationship was harmful to my mental health. It was the right thing to do - if I hadn't, I would be in a worse state now - but it tore me apart all the same.

I'm overweight. When I was at secondary school, I walked four miles every day (two miles in, two miles back), meaning that I was in very good shape, and kind of just ate what I wanted - which was a lot, since I used eating as a coping mechanism for my depression. When I started college, I kept eating that much - but since I wasn't walking in anymore, I wasn't burning it all off. And just like that, I'm fat.

I cut myself. Not very often, just when I need to. I'm not addicted to it or anything, it just helps. Like I said, the world is just a series of overbearing stimuli to me - it's like a whirlpool, and the pain that cutting gives is like an anchor for me. It steadies me, relieves me. 

And what do I contribute, with all of this? Nothing. I failed my GCSEs because my teachers didn't get my access arrangements in place, and had to waste a year of my life retaking them. I'm on the computing course I wanted, but if my teacher didn't like me, I wouldn't have even gotten onto the second year. I'm just a waste of their time and a waste of their space. 

I've contemplated suicide so many times that thinking about ending my life has become a perfectly normal occurrence to me. I'm incredibly lonely - since I broke up with her, I have a void in my life that makes me develop crushes on girls far too easily, and when I try to do something about those crushes, they  just laugh at me. I think about killing myself every day, and one day, I think I'll do it. But not soon. I'm too pathetic and terrified to actually act on it now, but one day. Not soon enough though.

If you read this far, I'm grateful. Incredibly grateful. Maybe I just needed to vent, or maybe I'm actually looking for help. I don't know. But thank you for reading. It doesn't seem like anyone cares anymore, so just the fact that someone is listening would help. Please, if you did read my entire spiel, let me know. If you have any sort of advice at all, or even just a hug, please. 

I guess that sums up this entire thing.

Please.

