Theres no winning.I feel guilty for even having the thoughts that I do.

I feel guilty for having the life that I do, and I feel guilty for the life of my children.

I cannot raise my children if I cannot give them a quality life. 

What am I even fighting for, working for, and doing with my life when I cannot see a way that I or my children can have a quality life.

I moved across the country to support a man who would not support me in life. Anytime I asked he just whined about how he supported my bills. If I tried to work he never helped g et the children ready in the morning, he complained about having to come home and needing to be at work. He was missing important people that were in the office that day. He complained about helping with homework, he coplained about cooking dinner, he complained about getting the children ready for bed. It didnt matter what schedule I worked, full time or part time. He complained about supporting me. 

I want to go home. I want to be where people support me. I want to have a babysitter when my daughter is sick, and cant go to school so I can still go to work. I want have friends over, and theirk ids play with my kids. I want my children to be able to go to bed at a decent hour on a school night because they dont have to come to class with me.

My exboyfriend loves his job too much, worked too hard to build his career and life. All his family see's is money, they support their son over supporting their grandchild, and my other child they claim to have taken in as one of their own. 

I do not see a light at the end of the tunnel. Im getting out studentl oan debt to pay lawyer fees. If I ever when the right to be home, will I even have the money to make it there? 

My children who I love deeply, and live for have been turned into tools to use against me. They are now whats being used to stifle me under a controlling ex 1700 + miles away from my family and friends. 

My life will never be more than whats convenient for him. His family just tells me its the sacrifice of being a parent. I made choices when we were together, and I cant go back on them now. 

I just want a life at home. Raising my kids around their families. Raising their grandchild around them. They would rather support their son than live down the street from their grandchild. 

I dont get to be a good mom. I dont get to give my kids anything. I live in poverty. Im on food stamps, which means they dont eat healthy. We live in a poor school district, theyre not getting a good education. 

Texas laws are 50/50 (week by week) custody means no child support is required despite or income differences. He is paying me $300 a month, which means I dont have to worry about paying for child care. I cannot take them anywhere. I put couch change in my gas tank to make it to work. The more I fight for the life I want, the more broke and in debt I am. 

Im either settling for this unsupported life of loneliness, or I am digging myself a hole. 

I dont want my children to be motherless. There are plenty of life ecperiences I want both my children to have. A mother being one of them. My eldest already lost her dad, and because of drugs he lost custody right of her before his death. 

However I cant live like this. I cant watch my children have this life. Im not giving them anything as a mother. 

This isnt something I want to do. However any reason not, are things arent going to happen anyways. 

I cannot take another lose, I might as well fold.

Ive lived with no light at the end of the tunnel fro too long.

I hope my children never have children. No one is trust worthy enough to have children with. I hope my children dont date until after tehy have jobs. You cant take care of someone else if you cant take care of yourself. Self care is under valued, and as mom society treats the request as selfish. No one knows whats good for you, better than yourself, and thats not something to compromise on. Any reason to live, can be taken away from you if you are not careful. Those are the lessons I want my children to know.