I Need An Actual Being to Help Me  To first address my problem, due to personal reasons, I am only going to state that I am currently in 8th Grade.
  So, starting off, I had this crush a year ago and she may have been the most gorgeous beauty I have seen in my life. She’s a blonde but not just a blonde. She understood the ways of my personality and thought I was weird like how other people thought I was too. But she accepted that. We were in the same class last year and she sat behind me. She used to play with my hair (since it was thick) and joke around just like how I did. I loved it. However, I kind of pussed out and was hesitant only because I thought I didn’t have enough money to satisfy her. Don’t worry! She was not a gold digger but I just thought if I was lazy with chores and didn’t earn enough money to take her out on dates, I thought I would lose her if I didn’t keep up to date with her. Now that the next school year is ending, as of right now, I feel just empty. CRITICAL: I am most likely going to be moving in a few months because of military. I really don’t plan on telling her how I feel when I’m a Freshman because if I do get with her, I’m scared if she is going to cheat on me while I am gone. I don’t even think there is possibility I am coming back. Maybe I could get her as a friend during Freshman year and that’s it? I don’t know. I’ve had a crush on her for so long and I feel like I’m a negative creep whenever I look at her for a quick second then look away in real life.
  Also, I had a friend. Not just a friend. But a best friend. Let’s just name him Jimi (personal reasons). Jimi also understood who I was and knew about me and the crush I had. He joked around with me about her at times and we had great times together. We had classes together and helped each other with homework. We played basketball and football with others. It was great. Sadly, he also moved after 7th and probably isn’t coming back until mid-9th or 10th. Which is when I am most likely going to be moving. Some of you may say, “Oh. Just move on. There’s more opportunities for you to explore since you are moving.” I am going to be honest, I would love to move from this place but I am going to miss only 1 or 2 people who are still here with me. I feel like if I move, a whole life is going to change for me. Since, I am going to know no one in one of the places we possibly are going to move to. I miss Jimi too much. He was a great pal. 
  I’m not thinking of suicide since I am a catholic and I think that if you suicide, you go to hell since God had so many things for you in the future, good or bad. Before showers or bed, I usually masturbate 2-5 times a week, just to relieve stress at times. I get a decent amount of sleep (9-6 hours of sleep on average). I just wanted to express myself on here and see if people actually care for others. Those two major reasons have been really putting me down lately. For me, I think this could lead to laziness and I really don’t want to fail later on in life. If you see this, please give some advice.