I tried to kill myself last week, the day after posting. And god forbid, I want to do it again. But right.God, I feel like this is going to devolve into a stream-of conciusness post. I really can't care about anything anymore. I 'm sure some of you out there know what it's like to wake up and not be able to feel, or just feel numb. Well it's that very nearly 24/7 for me now. I don't leave my room except for the moments I go down to drink one of those shitty nutritional shakes, so my family doesn't think I'm 'trying' to be anorexic or something, or to piss. I've been in there for upwards of twenty four hours more and more often. Nobody talks to me. No one texts or calls me. My family ignores me except to yell at me or say I'm doing something wrong. I can do no right. I do not do anything right I guess. I miss solid food, you know? I can't help but feel guilty though if I sneak a muffin or something, like my mom is going to yell at me again for eating because I'm just a fatass and there's no other aspect of me in her eyes.

The other thing I do is paint. I sometimes wonder how many of you will have seen both this and my painting and don't know it. I have a small following. Small, though. Nothing important at all. And I sit in my room and I paint with what I have and I drink my shitty shakes and I shake from my anxiety and I play with the syringes I've been collecting because as of now I'm too afraid to shoot up, too scared that maybe I'll like that and want to live for the drugs and it'll be worse than the life I have now, too scared that returning to them will make me worse. And I don't just hold them, I'll stick myself, and I won't inject anything, I swear I'll just prick and let the blood ooze like what cutters do. I miss drugs but I can't afford a habit right now. I just can't. I need them so much though. I miss my white powder bags.

I just need to feel success. Something to live for. Maybe it feels hollow to many but it never has to me, not when my life has ben so completely fucked over for so many years. I've been bullied ever since I started school. It's an inescapable curse, apparently.

I'm friendless. The people who've always claimed to be my friends are always busy. I swear they just don't want me dead because they would have a guilty concious or something. It hurts. it fucking hurts that nobody fucking cares that i tried to hang myself, nobody noticed. And every other attempt was called attention seeking. And my mental illnesses get called that too. i hate it. i hate my family. i hate my life and i hate existing.


My therapist is good but she's worried. she's so worried she's considering baker acting me, but even admitted she had not because she knew it would make my situation worse for me wth how despondent my parents are.


I have a dead girlfriend and i feel responsible for her death. I think about her every day and still cry about it over a year later. We never got to be everything we could and it hurts. Her killing herself makes her wonder if she even loved me. 


I keep telling myself that I'm not afraid to die. I am, because i know there will be pain. The strangulation was painful. It was really painful. It hurt a lot and i kept trying to undo myself. It was nothing like the opiate OD's from years past. I know if I hang myself it'll hurt. I just need to prepare myself for that. And I'm scared because there's so much risk of brain damage and all that. But still, if I do it right, then in the end, I'd be dead and limp and nobody would have to deal with me any more. I'd be free. All I ever wanted was to be loved. And nobody ever wanted to listen to that. Instead I got labeled a grunge bulimic bag bitch who is worth nobody's time.


I wrote a poem, which I think fits here, and says everything else I can't say:

My pain is my creation

Lurid and sallow

As the white horse flees.

The pistol is cocked in my mouth;

Hidden behind red lips;

Swallowed behind my own hate.

I have skinned my eyes

To see the sun;

Relieved a thousand cold

stabs of the knife.

I have the taste of destruction.

The doors will not open.

Ask me if I'm happy;

O'I'll tell you--

I am aware.


I think I'll do it the next chance I get, most likely. I'll need at least two hours to prepare. So I don't know when. But it's no longer a matter of 'if'.