No one to come home to, nothing to look forward to.I've given suicide some minor thought this past week, but now I'm certain it has to happen.

My family's business is going under due to the economy and the government taxing small business owners to death. After two shit employees fucked most of the business up I went in solo to help fix it. It's of no use. It's destroyed beyond ever fully fixing. Love how the two left without giving a single fuck about the people they were hurting.

Three of my close family members died this year. Two happened last month. My mom has been ill with something we can't identify, although it's believe to be bladder cancer, but I'm guessing stress and depression from the failing business as well as school will get her first. I love her, and at the same time I don't expect her to live to see the end of the year.

I have cervical cancer. It's not bad enough to kill me, but it's a problem, one that I don't even think about anymore. I only worry about the bills from the hospital.

Speaking of all these illnesses, the business is no longer pulling in money. We get clients that are the scum of the earth. For example, yesterday one called me a "lazy hoe" and knocked my drink onto the floor. We get people like that every single day and they don't pay us for what services they get. The building can go up in flames for all I care. 

As an extra kick in the nuts, when I decided that moving 600 miles to be with my bf would be the perfect decision with no back lash, he dumped me. Yesterday was our one year anniversary. He chose today to get angry with me over shit that happened long ago that has been resolved and in no way an issue. He was never truly happy with me, anyway. But it hurts, because I still love him. I'm too unsuccessful and ugly for anyone else to ever want to share their life with me, let alone take me out for a beer. Regardless, I wanted to be with him. I wanted to share what little uninteresting life I have with him. He doesn't want me. And when he finds a new gf he'll probably track me down to show me the ring he got for her, and the house they live in, and gloat about how she'll be on his insurance plan. I wish I hated him. 

He told me how he'd tell his friends and future gf about how shitty and crazy I am. They'll bond through mutual hate and stories of fucked up people, like most friends do. 

I have nothing to live for. No drug addictions to keep me going, I don't enjoy video games anymore, I don't even like to draw anymore.

There is nothing for me. I'm tired of watching the family business fail, I'm tired of dealing with such awful people, and I am upset that my bf dumped me for good after one year together and all he feels he gained was a bunch of cool stories to tell everyone and a chance to rub it in my face in the future.

I hate the life I have. I hate who I am and what I've done. My head hurts so badly from crying, and from being told that "words don't matter, only actions". I guess I'll finally be taken seriously when I'm dead. 

I guess I'm only posting this to see if there's any people worth a damn before removing myself from this awful existence. 