I'm finally at a breaking pointI have no idea why I am writing this right now. I'm 29 and I'm a fucking loser. I'm a miserable person who sees all the negatives in any situation. I've fucked up every opportunity life has ever given me. Everything to me seems stupid and pointless and I can't seem to find enjoyment out of anything that doesn't involve deep fantasy where I can forget who I am for brief periods of time. 

My parents sent me to two different schools and I fucked up each of them for years and got no degree. I have no real skills that can get me a job, I've been unemployed for two years straight almost. I finally got a job four months ago and got so stressed out at a night time security guard job that I had to quit it was making me so incredibly miserable. I'm pathetic and I have no idea why I was feeling what I was feeling. I can't put it into words, I'd just go to the job and start to feel panicked. I ended up having to find an excuse to quit even though my parents asked me not to. 

Now I'm sitting here jobless wondering what do I do? Even if I get a job is it going to stress me out to the point where I can't handle it? Probably. My father thinks I'm a fucking loser and a disappointment even if he won't come right out and say it. He's ashamed of me and that crushes me, but there's nothing I can do. Shame is something I've come used to, it scares me less than the stress I am going through. 

I've never had a girlfriend, I've never really kissed a girl, I've never had anyone love me back. I've never had someone I could put my arm around and say "I love you too" to me. I live completely alone without another living soul around me. I didn't used to drink until I started that job four months ago and now I do it just to feel 'normal'. Like just doing what everyone else does when their depressed makes me feel slightly better. 

I've been laying completely in the dark for hours crying because I have no hope for the future. I'm almost 30 years old and there's nothing good out there coming. I've squandered every opportunity I've been given and it's just too late. I'm a burden to everyone around me. I tried to tell my parents how I felt around the holidays but they didn't get it. They were worried for a few days and kept asking me over and over how I felt until I finally said 'better' and then they figured I was past it all. I wasn't. 

They told me I need to talk to someone, but I can't afford to go talk to a professional. And even if I did, where do I start? How does a professional take my fucked up life and make me want to live it? There's no digging myself out of this hole I'm in. I'm stuck and I'm going to stay stuck. It's too late for me to start changing, too late for me to get a girl, too late for me to fix how I get when I go in public. So fuck it, right? 

I'm crying and screaming at the top of my lungs and I just don't know how to make it all stop. I don't know why I'm putting this in the suicide watch Reddit because I'm too much of a coward to kill myself. I want to do it, but I'm too afraid. I've tried before, but I always chicken out. I'm useless even at that. 

Again, I just don't know why I'm writing all this. I'm somewhat of a writer, maybe I'm hoping it'll make me feel better? I was wrong. Now I just feel embarassed ontop of it. Jesus, what do I do? Do I keep limping along, making people ashamed of me as I keep fucking everything up? Wouldn't it be BETTER for me to just end it? 