So today I told my doctor that I’d secured the means to kill my self and about my subsequent plans. Bad ideaMy GP is great, he really is but his options are limited due to NHS structure so he begged me to go to A&amp;E and tell them what I told him so I could “get in the system”. I didn’t want to but he insisted and they have helped me there before so reluctantly, I went. The person who assessed me at the hospital just seemed desperate to go home and I feel like I achieved nothing but more upset. The whole thing has made me feel so much worse than I already did. He didn’t listen to me at all, kept interrupting me with the next question like he was going through the motions as fast he could when I was trying to say things like “I jumped out of a moving car last week” or “I have secured the means, made the plans and made the decision that I am going to die by suicide and I want this to happen sooner rather than later”. My GP listened to me saying these things and much more besides so he rightfully delegated and sent me to the right place, but the guy at the hospital honestly didn’t give me the opportunity through interruption and to be honest, quite bizarre lines of questioning. Confused, hopeless, frustrated, I was effectively shown the door after an assessment that lasted no longer than 10 mins. I was at the hospital for a total of 3 hours feeling suicidal and that’s all that came of it. I’ve been to A&amp;E with suicidal ideation before but never full blown intent like today. It all just felt very strange and off the cuff, like he had somewhere else to be or like he had zero training. 

So here I am and this is what happened today when I decided to finally get help...I feel more hopeless and more like all of the signs of the universe are telling me that I am better off dead and that I don’t belong here. I feel hopeless beyond belief and that’s why Ive posted here. 

The long and short of it is: I don’t want to live anymore because I am beyond help, clearly. My issues are long term and complex for which I’ve had intermittent help over a period of over 20 years but I’m currently in a devastating set of circumstances including homelessness, bankruptcy, poverty and I’m generally very unwell with PTSD and other disorders I’ve been living with for decades on top of this and it is taking its toll. It all started when I lost my job 1 year ago this week and my illness was cited as the reason. I later won a legal case when fighting that and was compensated but I’m not well enough to work as a result, which has ruined me financially. I have lost everything including my home and with no hope of sorting any of this out due to the mountainous nature of this crap and getting no help along the way, I feel like all signs point to suicide. I despise myself on top of all of this too like you wouldn’t believe. This isn’t the usual depressive self loathing that we are all accustomed to either, it’s much more severe than I have ever faced or could have ever imagined. It’s driven by the fact I’ve had evidence based realisations that I actually am a piece of shit with the main one being that I’ve been either abandoned by most of my friends and family or they’ve distanced themselves from me significantly, many very recently but some over a period of nearly 10 years. I’ve been asking for help directly for so long and I’m very open about my illness but nobody around me seems to act or offer anything practical. And I feel like such a burden as a result which compounds the misery, self hatred and the desire to die which I’m preoccupied with constantly. 

I don’t know what to do now. I want to die so badly, I’ve secured the means as I said and I’m looking at them right now as I type but the way in which I acquired them would implicate somebody I care about massively and completely destroy their life. I can’t go into any further detail but know this; their career that they’ve worked hard for would be over in an instant if I died this way. I don’t believe that suicide is a selfish act but in this instance it would be, irrefutably. So what do I do? Ruin the career of one of my best friends and someone that I care about a great deal or go back to the hospital that wouldn’t listen to this story despite me trying just 2 hours ago before turning me away or keep suffering this unbelievable pain and delay the inevitable? I’ve had enough. I’m 31, I started thinking about suicide when I was 9 years old. I tried to jump out of a window and later took a knife to my wrist before I was 10 years old. 

I’ve had enough of waiting. I don’t know how I get through the hours these days, let alone the days and it needs to stop one way or the other. It’s obvious that there is no other