I can't take it any longer. I'm sorry.It has been a tough time making this decision, but I think I am close to completing it. I have been reading and studying of the most successful way to off myself, and I have found a possible solution. I don't care about the fact that it likely painful, just as long as it works. I'm in so much pain currently, that I feel as if it is at the point that it can't get too much worse.

The beginning of it all started around the 2008 stock market crash. My father lost his job as a professional florist. He had a really hard time getting another job, as lots of the other floral shops started closing left and right. He couldn't really get another job in a different field, as that was his trade. My mother couldn't work, as she is disabled (back problems/severe agoraphobia). We thankfully didn't lose our house, but we haven't been able to recover from the crash very well.

As my father became more stressed, he started spending the only money we had on meth, and he started cheating on my mother. One of the people he cheated with got kicked out of their house, so my father decided to let them temporarily live with us. That woman and her children ripped away any privacy I had. I often had to give up my expensive art supplies and my money for them to be satisfied. While the woman used my money I saved for over a year on drugs, her children tore up my stuff for entertainment. It made my health deteriorate, along with my sibling's health.

After many months of housing this stupid hillbilly family, they finally left. The damage was done, though. My mother went mad, and started releasing her anger on the rest of the family. Her rampages resulted in my dad being fired from his job one last time. He since hadn't been able to find another job, as now he is considered "too old" to be fit as a florist, yet he is also too young to get retirement. The only funds my family has gotten is from my dad selling big bags of moss (which I often times had to haul up over a mile up a steep hill) and wreaths. The other funds we have recieved are from the government for my mother's disabilities. Otherwise, we are very poor, hanging on with what we have left.

As if the pain of being near poverty and whatnot was bad enough, my sister and my mother have used me as a "punching bag". When they are stressed, they torment me with physical and psychological torment. They decided to start doing this when I fell ill three years ago. I got an illness that left changes to my brain. I didn't get the treatment for it, so I don't know what it was nor did I get help to reverse it in time. I have since developed an array of issues, such as panic disorder, general anxiety disorder, insomnia, chronic depression, paranoia, and I experience auditory hallucinations.

I have nowhere to escape the torment, as nobody wants to take a mistake like me in. My family has told me that I have become a disgraceful subhuman, and that if they knew that I would've  ended up like this, they would've not created me. There is only one person left that makes me feel joy. They are my best friend. They have talked me out of suicide twice, but I'm afraid that they don't want to deal with me anymore. I feel like they would rather want me to off myself already than to ask for help from him. It may just be my paranoia, but I feel like that's the case. I'm too nervous to get in touch with him, so I have been trying to calm myself by listening to the Beatles. Listening to that band reminds me of my best friend, and it usually soothes me. Lately, though, it has made me feel lonely and sad. Listening to music that reminds me of my best friend doesn't have the same effect of actually talking to him anymore.

I have tried convincing myself to not off myself, but I no longer see any potiential in myself. I wanted to become an ER doctor when I grow older, but how can I save others when I can't even save myself? I have tried doing my hobbies to distract me (drawing/beekeeping/reading), but I no longer feel joy in those things. I can't get all my feelings in a doodle like I used to, my bees left the hive all together anyway, and reading just isn't as interesting like it used to be.

I am sorry for making you read this wall of text (that is, if anybody actually cared enough to read it). I will try to not be a burden to anyone anymore. I'm sorry I wasn't good enough. Thankfully, the pain will end soon if I actually decide to do it. I now only have to overcome my fear of what happens after death. I am an atheist, so I don't believe in any afterlife. I'm afraid of succumbing to the eternal darkness, to where I shall no longer have consciousness whatsoever. Oh well. I'm sorry to all who I may affect (that is, if any).