Will to fight has faded awayI'm sorry for posting. I just need somewhere to mentally scream. 

I lost my career making a good living and providing for my family. My depression is back with a vengeance and medicine no longer helps. I'm tired of trying new pills. I'm tired of lying to my current doctor when he asks if I ever think about hurting myself. My amazing wife is pregnant with our second child and going to be in labor next month. I love my wife and kids more than anything. They deserve better.

My life has been on a downward spiral the past 2 years. I've been unemployed for almost 4 months. I was about to be fired, rightfully so, so I just stopped showing up. Savings is almost completely gone. I've lost my credibility and everything I worked for. I can't pay my mortgage and have no health insurance. I'm sinking into a level debt I'll never dig out of. I believe my wife deserves better than me. I just hide all day and never face reality. I can't even read the mail or attempt to look for work. I just hide and lie.

I have fought my entire life to overcome obstacles and to fight my depression. Sometimes I fought like a champ and other times I managed to just stay standing. I've been on antidepressants for the past 20 years. I've spent a small fortune going to therapy and physiatrists since I was 18. Truth is that I'm a worthless sack of shit. I say that without any sadness and I'm looking for sympathy. It's simply the truth. Most people have worth, I'm one that doesn't. I hate myself more than I can adequately express.

I've never felt peace for longer than a few minutes at a time. I would end it right now in exchange for security for my family if that was possible. I know I'm not going to bounceback this time. I've got nothing left in the tank anymore, I'm empty. I can't take any more punches. It fucking fills me with rage that I can't end it without hurting those that love me. It's a cruel last joke. It's the one thing that stops me. It'd be easier if they could hate me like I hate myself. 

I'm not going to kill myself right now, I want to though. I just need to get these thoughts out of my head for a few moments, even if I'm only sharing anomalously. I pray I do not make any of you depressed reading my message. I have no intention of causing others to share my pain. I'm sorry,
