I think I've lost my best friend and now I feel like I have no reason left.A few months ago i reconnected with a girl I used to work with and over time she went from someone I was trying to get in bed with to my closest friend I've ever had. We didn't date but I was honestly fine with it because she actually understood me and shared my issues and actually just enjoyed being around me. We talked every day, hung out at least once every two weeks even if it was just for lunch, even painted miniatures together (I play Malifaux and let her try to paint a mini and she loved it). We had deep conversations and she seem like she cared so much, she constantly told me she loved me and I told her the same. I genuinely believed that she cared that sometimes when texting I'd well up and cry a little bit.  



About a month about (Jan 16th) she dropped off the face of the earth. I have a very compulsive personality and I started to freak out trying to figure out if I'd done something wrong but the last thing we talked about was her mother coming into town and her asking if I wanted to meet her to run interference and try to make things less awkward to which I agreed. Since then, its been radio silence. a few days ago, around the 31st, a mutual friend said she finally got a hold of her, apparently she's been in a dark place too but she said she would text me to try and let me know she's okay. Still nothing. I go by her house tonight and knock on her door, get nothing, leave, decide i've had enough and go back. Knock on the door again and someone from her roommate's band answered. I said I was there to see her, he yell'ed her name and I heard her say "what" in a very aggravated tone as he closed the door. he comes back about a minute later saying she was asleep (at 7pm). I tell him to tell her I stopped by and leave. I've tried calling her but I get one ring and then google voice mail so I assume I'm blocked and i've sent texts this whole time with no response. 


She's been the first person who's ever seemed to understand me, take a interest in my interests, just let me talk to them, and just in general be there for me. Hell, at one point i was depressed as hell and didn't tell her and she got pissed I wouldn't call and let her know I was upset. But now it seems like I've lost that. She was the ONE thing I had left, the one honest to god friend I made and now she's gone. My family doesn't understand me so I put on a brave face and act like everything is okay. I'm scared of what death brings but I don't want to live without that level of friendship.