Just wanted to share my story.Last night was the first night in which I actually physically attempted suicide. {I do not want to do it now; I will explain the entire story shortly.} I want to talk about everything that has been going on with me, with the hope that my experiences can help someone else. 

Forewarning: this is going to be very lengthy, but please stick with me.

Just as some background information: I'm a twenty-three year old woman and a senior in college. I'm supposed to be graduating in May. Now, I've suffered from depression since I was probably about 17. Nothing truly traumatic has ever happened to me; I have good parents and a decent, middle-class life in the USA. [However, depression runs in my family, and my maternal grandmother basically slept and drank her life away to cope with her depression.]

I've just learned to cope with depression and I always refused to get on any kind of medication. I always wanted to work on it on my own, and quite honestly, I don't think I was even aware that I had depression for quite some time. Then, this past fall, something inside me just snapped. I'm normally a very dedicated student, and I do love my major (Information Systems), but I just stopped going to classes. I live in the dorms on campus [I know I'm nuts for being a senior in the dorms, but I prefer to be right on campus.], but I have a single room. Anyway, my parents started to notice that something was wrong with me, and they urged me to see a doctor. So I went to the doctor and they put me on Prozac. Once the medicine really kicked in, I realized that it was not right for me. I laid in bed for days, numb, and contemplating suicide. I was still missing classes. Finally, I admitted that this medicine was not working to my parents, and I went back yet again for more medication. This time, I was put on Effexor. Effexor seemed to be okay for awhile, but then, I had a misunderstanding with the nurse and ended up accidentally going off the Effexor cold turkey. [Word of advice: do NOT EVER go off anti-depressants cold turkey. The withdrawal symptoms are pure hell. Please, don't do what I did. It's terrible.] I basically had really bad anxiety, terrifying dreams, panic attacks, and couldn't sleep for about three days. 

So back to the doctor I went. They put me on a reduced dosage of Effexor and also put me on Zyprexa (which is a mood stabilizer) to help me get back on track mentally. The Zyprexa made my appetite ravenous, and I started gaining weight, which I was not happy about. I was also tired all of the time and still not really doing the greatest in school. Once I came back to college this past spring, things still weren't improving. I should also note that I was seeing a counselor at my university while being on meds. I know that in order to get better with depression, your strength has to partially come from within. But I just felt like things should have been improving more than they actually were, so I decided to see a different psychiatrist and ask if I could try another medication.

They started weaning me off the Zyprexa about two weeks ago, and then they also started me on Wellbutrin, which seems to be good so far. I'm also still on Effexor but beginning to wean off that next week. To be honest, going on different medications like that has not been fun at all. It wreaks havoc on my body. It's very frustrating, but I'm trying to stick with it, in the hope that I'll find the right medication.

Anyway, I am fully aware of the fact that I should not be drinking alcohol while on anti-depressants. But yet I kept thinking that it would be okay. A lot of my friends drink, and they do not understand what I'm going through so I've just been drinking socially and for the most part, it's been fine as long as I don't get too crazy. But then last night happened.

I was in a down mood all day, and then I went out with a friend and ended up having way too many rum 'n Cokes. I came back to my dorm room, pretty damn drunk (and the medications amplify the effects - please, if you're on anti-depressants heed the warning label and DO NOT drink alcohol... don't assume that it'll be okay like I did. I was dumb, but last night I learned my lesson) and upset. I started listening to music, and then thought, "What if I actually just killed myself now? I should just do it." So I got out my razor (as in the one I use to shave my legs), a knife, and my scissors (which are all the sharpest objects in my room, fortunately). I began cutting the shit out of my wrists, but the objects aren't sharp enough to do severe damage to my veins anyway. [I should note that I've had a history of cutting in the past.] I was just hacking at my arms, frustrated at the fact that it wasn't doing enough damage. I started to write a note out to my parents and brother, explaining why I wanted my life to end. I ended up getting blood everywhere. 

I'm getting angry at this point, because what I'm doing isn't working, and I'm starting to sober up and become a wimp. So I grab a beer from my fridge and chug it. It then occurs to me that the bar in my closet would be perfect to hang myself from, so I wrapped a belt around it, grabbed a chair, and made a noose. But I couldn't allow myself to fall; hanging myself just didn't seem like a good way to die (not that any way is a good way). I then realized that I could just take all of my anti-depressants at once, and basically any prescription drug that I had in my room. So I opened the bottles up at my sink, and got ready to start chugging the pills. I got about three pills down, and then ended up throwing up in the sink. I also knocked over my open bottles of pills, thus causing all of them to fall in the sink where I had just thrown up. They were all ruined. I backed up against the wall, crying to myself. I was pissed because I just ruined $50 worth of pills, and now I couldn't even get the deed done. 

Then things got weird. I was looking in the mirror at myself, tears streaming down my face, puke on the side of my lips, blood running down my arms. If someone were watching me at that moment, it would  have appeared that I was having an argument with myself. It was as if some higher being (I don't know how many people here believe in God, and I could have been hallucinating or something, but this felt very real to me and shook me up quite a bit) had taken over my body.

"Why the fuck can I not just die, God? I don't want to be here anymore." I asked the mirror (I should note that I was raised a Christian but have been more or less Atheist for the past few years).

Angrily, I replied to myself, "You cannot do this. You are meant to live; you have a purpose. You have family and friends who love you and you cannot leave them behind. There is a special place in Hell for people who commit suicide, and you don't want to go there."

At this point, I had been trying these methods for probably about a three hour time period, so it was probably about 4:00am by the time I was having this argument with myself. I went back and forth with myself for awhile, contemplating things, and then I somehow managed to convince myself to go to bed. I woke up at 7:30 and had to get ready for work. 

Today, I can honestly say that I'm glad that I didn't succeed. What happened last night was terrifying, and it was a wake up call for me. I had never been so serious about contemplating suicide as I was last night. I know that it was mostly due to the alcohol combined with the anti-depressants. I'm happy to still be here. I know that things will get better, even if it takes a lot of time. I saw an emergency on-duty counselor today, and I have talked about what happened with some of my friends. I am also completely giving up alcohol until I am off the anti-depressants. Death is not worth it.

So in summary, here is what I have learned:
1.) Never mix alcohol with anti-depressants. The effects on your brain can cause you to do things you will regret (like what happened to me last night). 

2.) Trying out different medications can be rough, but it's worth trying to figure out what's right for you if nothing else is working.

3.) Remember that depression is a mental and physical illness. It is very real, and it has an effect on more people than you would think. One does not necessarily have to have a "reason" to be depressed.

4.) Counseling has been very helpful to me, and I've also found that learning more about depression and how the brain functions has been helpful to me. 

5.) If you are thinking of committing suicide, please take my story into consideration and remember that I know from personal experience that it is NOT worth it. Committing suicide hurts too many people around you, and as people will mention, problems are temporary. No problem is worth killing yourself over. I have realized, through my experiences of severe depression during the course of the past six months, that life is very precious. We are all here for a reason and purpose, and we all suffer. But we must keep going. We cannot give in to death. Besides, none of us know what will happen when we leave this earth anyway. 

I know that the world we live in is fucked up, but there are also so many beautiful things in this world. From here on out, I am no longer taking the small things in life for granted. There is still an ounce of hope and joy in my heart, and I know that I'm strong enough to fight this depression. It cannot win. I also know that all of you out there who are suffering are strong and can make it through this. 

Apologies for the wall of text, but I just wanted to share what happened with me. If any of you have any questions or need advice, feel free to reply or PM me. And please remember that you are loved, you are here for a reason and death is not an option. Hugs to everyone. &lt;3