Too late. This is what happens when shrinks fuck up. Repeatedly.I'm nearly 34 and a woman, and, all too late I finally figured out what's "wrong" with me.

Too bad it's too late for me to salvage my life. 

I'd like to thank everyone I've turned to for help of the years who either utterly failed me, shoved platitudes down my throat, became selectively stupid and misunderstood the problem, and/or made it worse by saying they'd be there but failing to show up when needed.

Realistically, to find a shrink that isn't a total fuck up like the majority seem to be, let's give it a good six months. Another 6-12 of chemical roulette for meds, and another 2-3 of therapy. All that assuming I have time and money to sustain the level of treatment I would need. That's to get me to a functional base line.

Then, after that, to try to start enjoying life for the first time at almost 40?!? When my best years are already wasted? When what I want in life is already behind me? When most of my life is gone?

Women in particular are faced with certain points in life after which there are not second chances. 

My biggest dream has always been to have a family. Myself, a husband, a couple pets. Maybe a kid, more likely not. 

Dating is hell in general but far more so for women after 30. That dream has expired.

Changing to a field where I don't wake up every day longing for the sweet embrace of death (I work customer service now, it's unpleasant and doesn't pay well) is also out of the question. Even if I can somehow spend a few years gaining new skills in the field I want, as a middle aged woman I'll never get hired. I'm trapped where I am already, no one calls me for interviews except shitty customer service jobs. 

So that dream is gone too.

Do I stay and fight for a life where everything I want is out of reach and all I can do is watch things slowly get worse and decay farther? 


No thanks. I hate this world and don't want the rest of my time in it. 

I am leaving it behind. Either this weekend, or, if I fail on my own, I'll save up, sell everything I own, and go to another country where I can get help to take care of it. The best years of my life are gone.

If I'd gotten the right diagnosis at 11,12, or 13, I could have maybe enjoyed HS.

If I'd gotten it at 14-18, I would have been ready for college, and maybe enjoyed my youth. 

At 18-22, I could have been in a place to not fuck up college, to maybe find myself and start a good career. Maybe I wouldn't have ended up in the relationship that took 8 years of my life and ruined my finances.

At 25, I could have gotten out of a bad relationship and started a new career and dated and found a new mate while changing paths was still "forgivable" (aka while I was young and cute).

Too late now though.

But: for anyone on the fence, who is considering a reason to give life another shot: please consider the possibility your shrink fucked up your diagnosis. 

I've seen 4 stupid shrinks and some worthless pcps. I found out what I needed help for by accident online one day. If you think your shrink is an idiot, you're probably right and you aren't alone, there are plenty of stories out there.

To the assholes handing out "Go get help" like candy corn at Halloween: fuck yourselves into a wall and stay there. I've been trying to get help since I was 13, first from guidance councilors then from shrinks. All were useless. Sometimes "help" doesn't exist.

I don't hate myself, for the record, so spare me the "love yourself" crap.

I like myself. I hate the world we live in, and want out of it. 