Today a strangers death has rattled me to my coreAs I'm typing this the event I'm about to mention happened only about an hour ago so I apologize if I ramble as I'm very shaken. I don't know where to start but my point of this post is that I hope this can help someone. Anyone. 

I was smoking a cigarette on my break not too long ago when the mailman comes by to hand my father(family business) the mail. He mentions something is going on on the bridge right behind our shop. My dad has always looked out for this complex and always is the first to run into dangers way. Well, today was no different. This time he asked me to come with. I had no idea what was going on so I clumsily follow.

 As I get closer to the bridge I see a wheelchair right up against the guard rail. A cane propped against the bridge. My heart dropped. I knew what I would find if I kept walking but a small flicker of hope in me thought that the man who jumped maybe broke bones and I could run down and help. That's sadly not what I saw. Today I saw something that will forever change me. As someone who has struggled with depression, someone who's had a close call with ending my own life. I feel utterly broken. 

I don't know this man. I never will. All I will know is something pained him so much as to take his own life. And that is what hurts so much. That maybe if I saw him moments before I could have helped in some way. 

I guess my point of this is to talk out what I just saw. But also to let people know that even if you don't think anyone cares if you go thru with it. Even if you don't feel loved. I want to tell you that is a lie. You are beautiful and you are loved and life will get better. Please please please reach out. Talk about it. Let others help you. It's not weakness to feel pain and not weakness to get help. Speaking up and asking for help helped me and is why I'm alive today. And to those not dealing with suicidal thoughts please help your fellow human. Be a shoulder to cry on, an ear. If you feel you're not qualified to help(we aren't always qualified even if we come from the sincerest of places) please help them get professional help. Love to everyone

May your days be bright and full of hope