I felt like talkingSo I was just outside at 01:25 AM in the morning having a smoke (cigarettes not drugs or something) and started thinking. 2 nights ago I had attempted suicide and I just couldn't go through with it (details in another post) I made a post on reddit and it seemed to me that it helped me feel better a bit so here I am again. 

I attempted suicide 2 days ago at about 2 in the morning everyone was asleep and it was quiet. I miserably couldn't go through with it.

I did not sleep at all that night, after all how could I I was just about to do it and couldn't so I didn't sleep at all. 

I went to school the next day and everything was surprisingly ok. I mean I am still depressed but I felt ok for the time being. that was the day before yesterday. I got home and IMMEDIATELY went to bed. And for the first time in ages I got a full nights sleep. It was very surprising to me.

so yesterday I had a dream about the guy I "Love" In my dream we were still together and we were happy together. I actually have no proof of this except for a feeling I had. I cant remember the whole dream, just the end. I was at school and we were talking over the phone. we had a little bit of small talk and then he told me he's changing schools. In the dream I didn't seem to bee too upset by this and I told him to enjoy the new school. he said "Ok bye bye." In a very friendly tone. 

that morning when I woke up surprisingly I wasn't to upset by the dream. In fact I felt a feeling of relief, but I don't know why. so I woke up and I went to school. I freaked out laughing like usual. It happens on a daily basis I laugh even though I want to cry. I didn't see him until near the end of the day. When I saw him, I looked straight into his eyes (he didn't notice me). His eyes was a beautiful light color with his beautiful black eye lashes contrasting his eyes. 

When I saw him it felt like I was being choked  and I freaked out on the way to my last class of the day laughing so loud people started looking at me weirdly. 

once again I yearned for death. the empty void to just take away my pain. the worst part is, even though he hurt me so deeply, I still love him.

I begin to wonder what's wrong with me. I'm pretty sure the other people I  know would've hated someone had someone hurt them like that, and yet I still love him and just want to be in his life even if I was only a friend to make sure he is OK.

My worry however is that every time we break up(this was the 3d time) and I dream about him. Shortly after the dream follows a pattern. He sends someone to tell me he wants me back or something along those lines. and like a fool I cannot deny him. then after a few weeks he loses interest once more and I'm still picking up the pieces from before.

My depression rises and all I can think about is dying. I go outside see the sun and immediately I feel like crawling into a dark corner and just laying there like a wounded animal until I die.

# I LOVE HIM 

and clearly that is what will be my undoing.

I'm sorry that this piece of my shattered soul is so long, but I hope that someone reads it and learns from my mistakes