I'm really hungry for all the emotions that are brought about by death. So death just looks like butterflies and rainbows to me.What I really want, what I really \*need\* right now is power. The power to not be ignored. Preferably something flashy, so I could destroy this world with it, but I know I'm never going to get something like that. So much for my imagination.

But you know, humans have a lot of power themselves. It just looks small because of our expectations. A human can pretty easily do lot of (quite criminal but) newsworthy things. A human can always make someone not ignore them with force. Is it my conscience that's stopping me? No, I've lost that a long time ago. Or maybe I never had that. Frankly, I don't care. I'm just afraid of the consequences.

But right now, I have this constant feeling of anxiety that makes me constantly want to puke. I can't even sleep with it. I feel like this mind of mine that can think and stay relatively rational is going to drift away. I feel like one day I will truly lose all sense of value in my thinking and give in to this insanity that's about to burst. I feel like I'll wake up into a monster who has become numb to the consequences of his actions and just go on a rampage and get myself killed in the process. Even now, I'm just getting all excited and giddy at the prospect of that, but I have to hold myself back. It's kinda painful to hold the real you back so harshly, though, but I'll have to endure it for now.

I know exactly why I'm excited about something like that. I haven't been able to cry in a long time, I've barely felt any emotion for such a long time. I want to be able to cry. I want to be able to cry at the guilt of something I've done, I just want to feel those emotions. 

Someone recommended watching sad movies. Those were great, but now I'm used to the tropes and they just look boring to me. Someone else recommended video games to me once, but it doesn't cut it. I don't like gore or whatever, it's disgusting. Apparently, I really just want to be in control of the emotions of others, not their blood. A matter of personal taste, I guess.

Anyways, I just wanted to write this somewhere. I'll go to sleep and look at this again when I wake up and hopefully it'll help me endure this for a little bit longer. I really really love life, and I guess I'm just terrified at the prospect of me forgetting that.

Is this the right sub for this? I'm not depressed like so many of you. I'm just insane. Well, whatever.