✌️Since I have nobody to talk to I might as well talk to myself. All I wanted was to have a family but I failed. Just like everything else I’ve attempted in my life. Failure after failure. Tragedy after tragedy.  Disappointment after disappointment. I haven’t looked in the mirror in a few days because I genuinely hate myself. I hate myself for who I am. I hate myself for not getting help before l ruined my life and Hailey’s life. I hate myself because I’m not going to be there everyday to see my beautiful daughter. It doesn’t matter what meds the doctors put me on. I’m sick. I’m unfixable. I’m broken. The amount of sadness and depression that I have in me can not be medicated. It can’t be talked about to any “professional”. I’ve held onto these feelings for so long that it has became a part of who I am. I don’t want to leave this world. I want to be here for my family. I want to see my daughter get on the school bus for her first day of school. I want to see my siblings graduate high school. I want to see my friends succeed and live life instead of just existing. And I realized All of these things can be done without me being here. I don’t want anyone to be sad when I go. I want people to be happy. I want people to be relieved. I’m a cancer to everyone I meet and don’t even realize the damage I create until it’s done. I’m tired of being a burden to everyone. I’m tired of disappointing everyone. I’m tired of being me and I know everyone is tired of me too. I wouldn’t call my death a “suicide”. That’s a harsh word. This is more of a “sacrifice” for peace. Something that I was NEVER able to provide to anyone EVER in my life. Hailey I will always love you. You were nothing but good to me. Please don’t let my death upset you. The time we were together was the best years of my life, but the worst for you. I’m sorry for everything that I put you through.  To my daughter... I don’t want to go but Daddy is really sick. I’m not going to get better. I don’t want you growing up hating me because of my sickness. I also don’t want you to hate me because I took myself out. I’m in a lot of pain. The pain is only going to grow as you get older. When you were born I made it my goal to be there everyday and night for you. That’s no longer an option. I will be with you in spirit everywhere you go. Daddy will always be there... My parents... I’m sorry for underachieving and not being the son you wanted. To all my friends, a lot of you have come and gone. A lot of us grew apart. I’m sorry you guys have to go through this but I’m in pain boys. I can only laugh and joke it off for so long before I eventually feel my feelings. I couldn’t have asked for any better friends than you guys. I’ve slept in all of your houses when times were rough and I’ll always appreciate y’all. I want everyone to  be happy. Please don’t be mad, please don’t be sad. Be happy I’m doing something right for once.