I don't want attention. I want help.To anyone who has the time -

I'm a 21 year old male. I have a decent life, as it stands right now. However, I've had a horrible childhood/teenage life. My father is a meth addict, I was abused daily. Emotionally and physically. I was raised, in the words of my father, a "Warrior". I have 13 years of boxing experience, and I have used that as a source to get my rage out. However, I also used that on helpless people, over and over again. As of recent, 21 years straight of abuse, drama, and emotional heartbreak is all it seems I can take. I've had this tough guy front my whole life, and it has ruined relationships with friends, family, and SO's. I've never had suicidal thoughts my whole life. Last night at approx. 10pm, I tried to kill myself with my gun. I don't care if anyone believes me, but the gun jammed. I am not religious by any means, but the odds of the gun jamming are pretty slim to none. I am trying to take that a some sort of sign, or god send, but at this point I still have the same feelings. I am a very stubborn person and refuse to take medication as I feel that will completely shut out my true emotions. I have tried talking with a pastor in the past, and again my non-religious views conflicted with how I took the advice from a religious man. I have never been this emotionally distraught my whole life. I have dealt with things that most people will NEVER experience in their entire life. I suppose I'm on here to see if there's anyone, internet related or not, that has the time to care. I don't speak to my mother, father, or brother due to how angry I was towards them growing up. My mother and brother have both shunned me out due to them fearing I will hurt them. At this point, if anyone cares to even read this little cry for help I have just wrote, I would be entirely in debt. I have never been a selfish person and for me to attempt and get insanely close to such a selfish act has put me into an even deeper state of what I guess is depression. I truly need help and I am seeking any sort of words or advice I can get. I fear that my life right now is hanging by a thread. 