They’ll be no one left...It’s hard to know where to begin so that this makes sense to you. 

I’m 40yo f married with 2 beautiful babies: DS is 8 and my miracle, DD is 4 and a load of dynamite.

My SO is more of a justno than a justyes majority of the time. I haven’t decided if I’ll talk about him in the SO sub.

Almost 10yrs ago I left my life, my home, my family, friends and beloved pets and moved half way around the world, the actual other side, to be with a man I met online. We got married 3 months later and had a baby 9 months after that. And life goes on...

Tonight I’m on the phone and my mom lets me know my little Yorke, just turned 15 this month, is quite sick. She had to call my Ex (we got her together, it was a whole thing that doesn’t belong here but he was the love of my life) so he could take her to the vet. She wasn’t eating, drinking, peeing and was just very lethargic, just laying next to my mom on the couch. So I’m waiting to hear what the doctors say.

I haven’t been home in 10yrs. My daddy is the only one who has visited and his last trip was cut short due to his poor health (we had to take him to the doctors a few times here. He has emphysema and is very very ill)and he cannot fly again, doctors orders. The whole time here I honest to God have only made one actual friend, who happens to be our next door neighbour (we moved in a year ago). 

I am so sad. I have lost my beloved grandmother, my best friends 28yo husband drops of a heart attack 2 weeks before Christmas 5yrs ago this year, my beautiful precious Labrador died; I got her when I was having a mental break down and she helped me through it. There have been a couple other deaths as well and I just feel like I’m waiting for the call my daddy died and I just can’t fucking take it anymore. It’s not fair it’s not fair it’s not fair!!!!!!!!!! It’s bullshit and I’m sick of it!!! I hate my life as it is. I am so unhappy and miserable and every night before bed pray to not wake up the next morning. I haven’t seen my mother in 10 years! She wasn’t even here for the birth of my babies, not my wedd8ng. Everyone has moved on with their lives and I’m nothing but a fucking memory.... I’m sorry, I thought I could do this. 