I feel..like I won't make it another year...My mind is always working against me...I want to turn it off...I want to smile again and be excited about life, not relive what I've already endured...Please bear with me, I dont discuss what's ahead for sympathy or attention, I discuss it because it helps.

When I was a child, I blindly endured torment, bullies and abuse. I stepped into school with no knowledge of how to take care of myself and because my clothes were tattered and torn, old and stained I was repelled with disgust. Teachers treated me like scum, students alienated me. I had nothing but false friendships that shattered with ease. It continued.

 Into middle school I ventured, smiling by day while kids beat and mocked me and teachers turned a blind eye and by night, enduring unspeakable horrors by siblings. My mother, where was she? She worked effortlessly to provide for four kids, one with autism, while her drunken boyfriends added to the abuse. Eventually, one child grew tired of it all and got out. Oh how I rejoiced but nothing improved. It wouldn't until I ventured into high school. 

There, everything changed, my mother swore off alcohol and began therapy to handle her PTSD from military service and another child left with anger and grudges a plenty. It was down to two and life showed promise. Finally, friends were made, four to be exact. Times were wonderful for one year until the accident that ruined my knee. I was unable to walk, enduring hobbling on crutches, bullies shoving me around and knocking me into lockers. Teachers, again, looked the other way. After all, how could you be the one to spoil the promising athletes chances of playing in the season? It didnt end there, physical therapy then surgery and after that more physical therapy. I spent my last precious year unable to be my friends...when the time came and our junior year ended, two left for other places. I was almost alone again with more surgery on the way and thats when it happened.

A phone call to relay an accident, to relay a death. A friend taken on a dark night, claimed by an accident where he simply lost control. The pain was unbelievable but time went on. I enjoyed what time I could with the remainder of the four. She was strong and passionate with kindness a plenty. So why was she taken?

At the start of my final year I broke down in anger, I stormed from her hospital room, livid due to my own stupidity. A mistake I regret to this very day. I sat, I contemplated then I decided to go after school and apologize but it was too late. Her battle with stage four cancer ended and I was forever a monster in my eyes. The pain, regret and mental anguish was unbearable. I pleaded for the chance to apologize but it was gone. I was alone again. 

The year passed, no more smiling to be done. I approached the end when my mother was taken out of work. She needed surgeries and fast. Our income was gone, my mother sat and cried for hours without realizing I could hear. At that point I knew we were in trouble. I dropped out, picked up a job. I got us through but  it wasnt enough.

I took a risk, I fell in love and before I knew it I left my job and left my mother. I found myself living and searching for work from the basement of my boyfriends parents. No luck was had and soon he and I were blamed for his stepfather abandoning his disabled mother. We were homeless, no jobs and thats when his grandmother gave us shelter. I feared her, I feared her actions. Not from abuse but from degrading. I was the woman who had ruined her grandson's life. Finally he was forced into the airforce and we married. I had fallen several times in the year that passed. I slipped discs in my back, suffered frequent dislocations from the lack of an acl in my knee. I was battered and bruised but I made my way back to my mother to help her in her time of need. 

Before I knew it my husband was medicaly discharged and I was without health insurance. The medical bills piled up until doctors refused me and he worked for minimum wage but it wasnt enough. We couldnt live and get the help I needed. Aid was refused time and time again. Eventually he grew angry and tired of it. We spent years fighting and arguing and then, only six months ago we separated. 

Now, I've spent my days fighting for aid, doing small jobs I can handle and trying my hardest to keep my physical condition stable. I have routines, I have yoga and stretches, lumbar support and braces but it doesnt help. I dont falter, I dont skip sessions but there are days I can't move. Days I'm forced to lie helpless in bed while my disabled mother assists me in day to day tasks.

I ask...what kind of life is this to live? It isn't living at all...I don't want to die, I fear death and I want to fight and I do but the depression continues to feast and grow. I struggle to sleep from pain and racing thoughts. It hurts, and the solitude is unbearable but I don't want to die. I want to live..more than anything. Thats why I fight but it's hard and the anxiety and thoughts of wanting to just not exist anymore don't contribute any help.

To anyone who read this, thank you. I've spent the past twenty-four hours sobbing off and on, reliving the events of my life and struggling, trying to find hope. I don't want to die but I don't know if I can continue like this...at twenty-six, I'm almost ready to just let go and give up.