Conclusion of me starting to go out with a "peer group"It's summer 2017.   
People invited me out to go partying with them and I agree because there's nothing better to do. I quickly get used to having nothing better to do. There's not really much going on for me though. I'm the quiet one that drinks the most but is always on his phone reading something. I don't talk much and I never really would. There's this nice girl that made me feel appreciated. I tried getting close to her around halloween 2017. She doesn't want to. I understand. Fast forward to december. She feels lost and gets back to the one guy that knows the feeling of being lost better than anyone. Since I was young my parents would never get my struggle. I got my pants and underwear pulled down in fifth grade and was punished as much as the guy who did it because I was trying to hurt him for it right after he did it. My parents never talked about it. I never had any help get rid of the baggage that was given to me from the get-go. My biological mother abuses me more and more year for year because she won't keep contact with people that she thought dear of, because "she only needs me and my biological father". But he's not the one to bear the burden of her mental issues ir the problems she has, because he's not the one that's at home because he can't stand the school that he's forced to stay in to not get thrown out.  
I feel like I only exist to help my mother with her emotional baggage.   
Back to the girl again. I have a hard time at home, and she's the only one being supportive. I quickly fell for her completely, but all of my sown relationship seeds would ever sprout to a youth romance.       
Jan 26th 2018      
She tells me that she after all doesn't want to have a relationship with me, I get pretty sad but understand it. In the meantime she kinda forced me into therapy which wouldn't help me in the end, but that's really whatever. We continue, or rather I, to regularly message the other one. 2 months later after still dating she asked me about wanting to do it with the one I love. Of course I'd said yes, but it would never come to be, since she was too afraid to break of the last working machanism of someones brain. How wrong she was there... It goes on and on and on, we never worked out, she had a couple bfs but always would keep contact with me since she dyed my hair once a month. Forgot to mention that she openly told my friends that I was pretty disgusting didn't I? So. We still talk into the late 2018. I help her get through her drama, but what does she care when I try to kill myself at night with pills and drugs? Right. Her boyfriend quit the relationship and now she's sad. "you're the only one to make me laugh". Get what that was about now.     December 2018    
My only good friend I'd say quit a relationship too with a really toxic person. That toxic person threatened him with ending her life if he quit the relationship. You can guess how I hate her for talking like that. This other guy from the group still hangs out with her, and I grow to hate him for it. He does some racist stuff and I now can't stand him and avoid him. The girl I talked about for quite a bit, let's give her a name now, hannah, brought up an argument because I had just stopped messaging her for no reason apparently. Remember how I said I'd been the one to always message her? Well I grew sick of it. And for some stupid reason she said that she was air to me as soon as she had a bf. Though I helped her through 3 relationships and coupled her with one of my closest friends at the time, essentially ruining my friendship with him. She sees her fault, though doesn't admit it, but hey take a guess, I'm too depressed and suicidal to take care of her then too. We don't talk all december. We were at the same places a couple of times, but I was sick of engaging conversations with her so I waited for her to do it. She never did. Didn't even greet me on new years eve when we were at the same party. Later in the night she comes and triea to talk to me, I told her it's too late for that now if you can't even greet me, she walks off, not caring whatsoever. No contact since then. Now let's go over the last 3 months. When my mother makes me uncomfortable I can't control myself anymore and smash my hand on my desk or similar to the point where I can't really grip things anymore. I talked to her about it multiple times, how it started making me physically sick and mentally ill to the point where I got diagnosabally ill. I'm now thinking about dealing drugs to have enough money for my own. Now I only take weed and alcohol, I'm highly against anything else but with my alcoholism I don't think anythimg could kill me faster. Really being honest the women that have... plagued... my life to this point I'm back to square one where I can't basically talk to females in person and try to do so at any cost. I feel like any day is going to get me down from this 4th story balcony in a couple seconds. I don't want the restriction of being in an enclosed facility for people that try suicide or anything. I want to get rid of my non caring patents and feel appreciated by someone. But that won't ever happen as life shows me. Being told by the only guy in the peer that knows what frustration is that the others can't stand me because I'm so awkward, but they are the ones that are privileged enough to have self confidence and don't understand what it's like to just feel empty on a sunny day near the park when you're sober. I'm sitting here writing this at 2 am because I'm slowly growing too insomnic to sleep. U always have the crying kinda dry throat, but I can't cry. I don't ever want to school again. I stopped talking to most of my what I once called them "friends" since they obviously don't want to tolerate me when I'm in a bad mood. I probably will be up all night thinking only about how much I hate myself again but won't have the energy to do anything about it.    
But maybe I'll save up and just do something about it. It'll take care of all my problems at once.        
  It'll leave me happy without the struggle of dealing with people that don't know how deep the feeling of being empty can be, or how shallow they think when I say that I feel like I always do. 