So.. When does it get better???I need help. 
Even if it's just someone to talk too.. anybody. I'm at a breaking point and i don't know what to do, so i'll tell you my story with tears..

It started when i was a child. My mother got pregnant with me, and my father left her for another woman, who he cheated on her with and also got pregnant. By the time i was aware of anything my "dad" was a man my mother started dating when i was one, and stayed with. Had another child, my brother, and hats that. I could never figure out why i wa treated any different growing up, i knew my parents were not good people but i was always smart enough to figure that out.
I was allowed to eat a bologna sandwich a day, shower once a week. If i touched another piece of bread I've get the leather belt. Gym class sweat? Doesn't matter one shower a week. Naturally through puberty this kind of life never gave me much of a social life in elementary school. Which in turn gave me a lot of social anxiety though the rest of life.
I was mart enough to get out when i could, at 15 when i got my first job. I convinced the local Pakistani feller that owned a motel to let me work fulltime nights, go to highschool, and pay him for a room to sleep. That lasted through highschool, and then i was out. I worked full time at McDonald's. had my own apartment. Met a girl, dated for 2 yers, had a baby in the third year. Great. Find out she cheated on me and after a year had to come clean because the baby wasn't mine, and i was working so hard and loved them both o much she couldn't go on without telling me. I couldn't go on knowing that she could do that to someone she "loved". I could never. Did the daily grind. I became so depressed because of my past, and being alone kills me and just gives me overwhelming anxiety. I've always smoked pot, it's helped me deal with things in a logical way, and not be too radical with any of my thoughts. Then i tried cocaine. It got rid of my anxiety 100%. No more alone. No more feeling that way. the thing is, i didn't do it with anyone, or tell anyone. My friends would come over, or not, and in the evenings i wouldn't sleep because of that feeling, which in turn went to me not sleeping because i was doing coke, to not have that feeling. It was redundant and i became dependent. In four short months i'd spent all the money i saved since i left my ex, lost my job for keeping any spare +/- there was. (Supposed to go to the company, so obviously, its stealing.) I survived through temp work for a month, and last months rent came and i had to be out of my apartment. I have no family, two close friends whom have there own lives. So my stuff went to the curb. Everything.. All my keepsakes, everything that ever meant anything.. In that last month, i quit cocaine so i was already dealing with another overwhelming emotion i was not used too. I now have a backpack, with 4 pairs of clothing. It's the 22nd and I've survived until now with 23$. I have no more money for food, and I'm light headed and nauseous. I have no will to fight for anything.
Why would life do this? Why must i feel like this everyday.. i've always worked so hard at every opportunity I've had, and this is where i have ended up. Everybody i have ever talked too, as i've actively tried to seek mental help in my city says.. "it'll get better one day.." WELL WHEN IS THAT DAY? I can't live like this.
The reason this has all been so hard is i'm not selfish. Money doesn't make me happy. helping others does. I got through school helping people with their problems ignoring mine. I would never hurt myself because I wouldn't want to hurt anyone around me..and that's been the hardest part of my whole life. 
But is there a point where it becomes acceptable to release the pain?
As i sit here crying and shaking from writing and going back in time, i hope I've covered enough of the small things in my life to give an in-site as to why i feel this way..
I'm so mentally, emotionally, and physically exhausted.. and i'm only 23. Help :(