I'm almost free.I'm not really sure what I expect here. Just thinking out loud I guess.

I've been to see all of my friends in the last two weeks. I have three of them, and they comprise three of the six reasons I continue to live, alongside my mother, girlfriend and turtle.

They're all doing very well for themselves. One is starting a new job and has a budding relationship with his high school flame. One is about to become unionized in his trade and become fabulously wealthy by our shithole hometown's standards. The third is starting to gain serious, international traction as a DJ.

I have a lot of conflicting feelings about my visits. On the one hand, I'm happy they're all doing well, because they're my friends. I love them and want them to be happy.

On the other, I'm feeling a lot of negative emotions as well, even if I don't want to admit it. I'm jealous. I feel angry that they've all managed to defeat their demons (we're all depressed) and I... Well, haven't. Mine have gotten stronger. I feel worse every day. Looking at myself in the mirror literally makes me throw up. Their lives are going great, and I've been forgotten in a part-time, dead-end job because I'm not "in" with anybody at a better job, spending one day a week with my girlfriend, the only regular interaction I get with anyone outside of work. I feel cheated that "it gets better" turned out to be true for everyone except me.

I've been slowly getting rid of the contents of my house as sort of a "decluttering" process. But, looking back, I've parted with half of my belongings in the past month, many of which had significant sentimental value to me. It's like my brain is trying to tell me that after years that have felt like eternities spent imprisoned within this faulty, defective brain inside this shitty, unattractive body, I can finally move on. Not move on to another place to live like I originally thought, but Move On. Now that I no longer need to worry about the things that were holding me to this existence, I can focus on wrapping things up and figuring out how best to leave it.

Mostly, I feel bittersweet relief knowing that my friends are going to be just fine without me. 

I guess that's all. Thanks for reading.