The wallI’ve been dealing with suicide/depression for quite sometime. Majority of it was in my early teens years, as i keep growing up (I’m 23 right now) it was very difficult for me to care about myself. I lost my sense of self care and self love once I got into my first serious relationship because i was putting  everything in front of me make sure everyone around me is good and then I realized I’m lost in this world. I have my passion and I know what I want to do but each day felt worst and darker and darker like the sun would never come up. So after I’ve broken up with my ex I started to work on myself. I started losing weight I had to get my life in check. Around the same time I started to smoke weed heavily, so the plant was talking to me it really open my mind more on life it brought me peace and joy for a while. Then it sorta push me waaaay back like I just woken up for the first time in my life I saw all the mistakes I’ve made so I was in this nervous/anxious state all the time trying to fix what I have done. After a few months I learn to be a in a good state of mind things went well...

Then the wall came up I felt lost all those negative thoughts kept coming back into my mind. I didn’t want to give up not like this so I fought hard I got back up. Family told me to be on pills, I don’t want pills to mess up my programming to “fix me” for a few months and then later have those same pills have a terrible side effect. I knew it wasn’t going to be easy so I work on myself everyday to get better at my hobby’s and skills to keep growing.

Then I did mushrooms for the first time so

With mushrooms it really open me up all my thoughts in my head were gone it didn’t matter anymore. It made me realize about life it brought me back, just like weed woke up me the shrooms did the same but in a positive aspect.

The past is the past forget work on today everyday to see the full painting. So I did just that some close family saw a difference in me
They enjoy what their seeing and so did I.

Then I did acid a month after the shrooms the trip I had was definitely amazing. It just proven to me everything that I learn with weed &amp; shrooms to acknowledge my faults to understand myself better and also to love myself no matter what. I felt I got a reboot and a new hard drive at the same time.

Now it’s been a more or less a month to two months after my first acid trip and now I feel the wall came back down on me again. I woke up this last Monday and it’s been a little ruff these past two days, I understand I can’t let it get to me but I don’t know what it is or why I’m like this but those thoughts that I’ve worked on for the past two going on three years now are all coming back. I’m scared. I want to cry.