hello everyoneThis will be quite the tale, so bare with me.
I've been reading through this subreddit and have been thinking about posting on it for a while now.
The same-y stuff on here is kinda getting to me and i don't believe in this "lost my will to live" crap. And i haven't lost my will to live. i just can't enjoy my life anymore.
i'm 22. I study photography. I'm a devout gamer and internet-person. I had a lot of jobs, I'm a social person, I get along with people, I worked as a bartender for a while, enjoyed it. I went through a bunch of bad relationships, like absolutely everyone does, and they did leave me depressed. I got drunk a lot, did drugs etc. 
One night things turned bad. I drank a few glasses of whiskey and drove to a friend to get high. All my friends kept telling me about how they smoked salvia and it was the best experience ever. I never did. So we went out of town, it was about 2AM, in a field under the full moon. I took two hits of salvia.
What I remember: I put the pipe in one of my friends' hand, I got up and I was a little boy, 5-6 maybe, it was daytime and I was in front of my grandma's house. Me and my family planed to go there for the weekend (in my dream), and we did. We stayed there for a couple of days, and left. I remember every minute of those days. I remember arguing, laughing, eating, going to sleep, taking care of the veggy garden, everything. Then I felt a thump and woke up.

What actually happened: I got up, and ran in a straight line as fast as I could. My friends ran after me and could barely catch me. I ran back to the car, ran around in circles for a while, then jumped, and did a typical water dive straight for the road. I smashed into the road. 

That's the thud I felt earlier. I woke up, dazed, confused, realized what happened. I asked them how long I was out, they said about 20 mins. None of them have ever seen a salvia trip go for that long and that intense. I completely lost my mind and created time, so to speak. After getting myself back on my feet, I went home. I can, to this day, remember my trip amazingly well, and the colors and the feelings in it.

I remember the shock I had when I woke up, not the physical one, but the mental one. I didn't expect it. I thought the other reality was the real one. Also, I had a horrible feeling of dread, of doing something amazingly stupid to myself and hating myself for it.

This was about 5 months ago. After that hit, I haven't been able to feel the same. I stopped being depressed and went complete psycho. I can't feel a fucking thing, to this day, I can't emphasize with anything or anyone. I can enjoy stuff, but i can't actually "feel" it. I haven't been able to give a shit about any woman since then. I tried a bunch of relationships since then, but none made me get attached. I can't even give myself enough reasons to fuck one. I feel like I'm dissociated from my reality. It's like I'm projecting my body into the world.

About a month after smoking, I started punching myself in the face. Not too bad, about 2-3 punches a week. A month after THAT, I met an ex of mine, told her what I was doing. Then got into the car, drove 45 miles, music booming, me crying and laughing and taunting myself, punching the shit out of my face. By the time I got home, my face looked like a bloody potato and I could barely speak. That was 3 months ago and it was the last time I punched myself in the face.

Until today that is. 
I give the fuck up. I've gotten bored of it. The only reason I haven't committed suicide yet is that I believe in fixing my brain. I'm on antidepressants and 3 other meds right now. It's been 2 months of treatment. It's not working. It isn't. I feel as neutral now as I have the day after smoking. I cannot find enough valid arguments to not off myself. I really mean it. It's not gay emo bullshit. I have enough to live for. I'm good looking and intelligent. I can have any fucking woman I want. I just don't want any of them. I've done so much and could not give less of a shit about it.

There's one of two things I think I could do. The first is the obvious one, it's why I'm here now. The second is smoking salvia again. I do feel like I've left myself there. What if smoking it again will bring me back? But it could make me way worse. It might take me to a place where I wouldn't be able to make a decision. Or maybe LSD? It's clear that I'm quite vulnerable to hallucinogenic drugs. Maybe one might wake me up? I really don't know.

The sad part is, I think, valuing my life based on logical facts. I don't feel happy. I don't feel sad. I don't feel anything. I can't enjoy anything. If I can't enjoy my life, and will never be able to enjoy kids or a wife, what's the purpose of my life?

tl;dr. Fried my empathy with salvia, asking myself if it's logical to continue living or stop trying.

So, let's talk.