I’m going to kill myself in a month.It’s not my first time on this subreddit but hey, I still want to kill myself so that’s cool, haha.

I’ve planned to kill myself on August 31st, a few days after my birthday. I’ve written my note and will in advance because I know that I’ll leave it till last minute and then back down. I’ve written about my funeral and I’m starting to give my things away. 

I just really want someone to care. People say they do but I don’t believe them; I want to but I feel so invalidated by myself. I’ve just deleted all my social media accounts after shameful posting about my mental breakdown, which has been on going for the past months, on snapchat for everyone in my family, all my friends and everyone i went to high school with to see.

I’m embarrassed that I’ve let myself get like this. I’ve tried telling my therapist that it’s not just anxiety that I’m dealing with. I don’t know what it is but I can’t do anything. I’ve lost all motivation; I loved writing, I always wanted to write poems and stories even though my family and friends discouraged from it as I won’t end up being famous and I won’t make any money. An hour ago, I threw away everything to do with the story I’ve been writing for the past 3 years. A story I spent every night trying to complete even though I had exams and other things going on. All because I don’t think I’ll make it as an author if I’m going to kill myself.

I attempted suicide in March, 2 days before my big Drama exam. Unfortunately, it didn’t work. I tried to jump off a bridge which had a river under it but all that I ended up with was soaking wet clothes, a badly bruised leg and less dignity than I started the day with. Guess you would call me lucky but frankly, I never felt like I was.

I want to talk to the people in my life about this. But I can’t. Everyone in my life is very judgemental about mental health, especially suicide. I try to type the words on text but my mind screams at me. I doubt that my therapist actually cares too.

I could write more but I don’t think I deserved to be helped? Until the 31st, I’m going to continue to isolate myself away from my friends and hope to god I die by then.