Sorry for the rant, thank you to anyone who reads my Diatribe. I'm struggling right now.Month into Quarantine and I'm starting to get stir crazy. For the past month I've been reading, making short films, drawing, and working on my script and newest novel. But I keep getting this small panic attacks and mild amounts of anxiety during the day because I'm not making any money, and I'm not working. I lost three jobs do to the Pandemic, which I do understand. I've applied to so many online jobs, so many to the point that they were nearly all scams that wanted my information. Jobs where you apply and then they say, 'Congrats you got the job now download the app!' You download the app and nothing happens. I tried to be a shopper and a doordash guy, got the cards and everything but in my area there isn't enough business or need for it. I'd have to drive 25 miles and then drive for a whole day just to try and make money using those apps, so I figured best to not bother. I tried the online surveys, scams, I tried the web testers, also scams. I am an artist and a writer so I tried all of the 'Freelancing Websites,' who claim you can make money doing what you love. Nothing ever happens on them, I never get any offers at all for months and I can't even make a cent. 

Kudos to people who can make money selling drawings or writing because I can't. 600 drawings on Devitant art, and not one person would want to buy them. They'd rather just download it for free and save it on their desktop. I have three books and three short stories published on Amazon and I still haven't made any money off of it. I'm stumped, I've been stumped for days I've hit a wall. I just don't know what to do. My Tax refund and an actors grant from Sag helped me out last month. I filed for unemployment and got my claim but it came out to 0 dollars because they fucked up. I keep trying to call them, fuck! I messaged them on their website and they said they'd get back to me within seven days and it's been two weeks! I didn't get that government surplus check because I don't direct deposit my tax refund. So my friends say I may get a check in the next month, maybe? I just wish I knew what I could do to make money, any kind of money at all. I spent the past two weeks making a youtube short film, which was great and fun. But now that's over, and the internet hates a good majority of the work I post so it was a half and half, "I enjoyed making this/I regret making this." I'm jut sitting at home hoping I can find something to do, I've been reading and drawing. I go for hikes twice a week, I'm at the point I've been walking around the 'closed' signs because I can't take it, I have to hike I have to go outside. I attempted suicide in 2013 and this past week has been the first time in years that I'm getting suicidal thoughts, and I just want a way out. Family members keep claiming they'll call me and chat but they never do, I call them and they're always busy. Sometimes I feel like they only chat when it is an emergency. Fuck, I understand the need for this Quarantine I do. But at this point I'm losing the will to live because I feel like I'm trapped on a island. Thanks for reading my rant, I need some help. I'm going to die with three mediocre novels on Amazon and 13 short films on youtube while everyone says: 'He should've given up a long time ago.'