Not sure if it's worth it...I'll explain what I mean.

I'm at a position right now where I can improve the quality of my life but don't feel like I should. The entirety of my life has completely unraveled towards recreations that include alcohol abuse, a stint of prostitution, shallow friendships, and destructive romantic relationships. This year I turned 25 and voluntarily committed myself to a behavioral psych ward one week before my birthday. I left work early one day after a particularly stressful morning filled with whispers about my lax in productivity and drove my shaking and hazy self to the emergency room to tell them I thought about jumping off the building at work.

I got on antidepressants for the first time in my life and tried going to group therapy one week after I was released (but stopped going a short time in). I'm an irresponsible and angry person down to my core. I do understand a lot of people aren't completely without faults but I view myself as a fault. In fact, my past mistakes make me feel like I'm tainted in a way. Like, my sins have made me unable to connect with seemingly 'normal' people. I don't feel like I have many things in common with the people in my day-to-day life. I've had FOUR jobs in these past six months and quit after a week at each one of them. I left my own place to move back in with my alcoholic and childish mother who grates on my nerves. I sometimes think I'm just on a path to end up like her.

But lately I've found work as a seasonal worker at a department store and use that to make ends meet. I've been looking for a second job to help my finances and for me to move away from my mother. Everything was okay for these past two weeks until I called-in to work yesterday and today. My old habits have come back and I'm just going to end back up sabotaging myself to unemployment and mental anguish. I sometimes sit and for wonder if I'll ever learn to be a successful member of society? Will I just live a life being paranoid and irritated by daily responsibilities and fear of being with other people? I have thought about killing myself for around three years lately. Ever since I dropped out of high school, I've lived an aimless life. I'm from a poor family from the housing projects so I've never really experienced the atmosphere of stability or success. I don't know if I want to continue living a life with no prospects. It feels like people tell me 'it's okay' and 'things will pass' when they don't realize how tired and confused I am. I took some of my mother's prescription pills in her cabinet to try and sleep the day away today. I think about taking a handful of them to get it over with. I mean, my logic has become that 'I'm going to die eventually so why not just do it now? Things are not going to improve; they never do.'

Any comments are fine. I don't feel anything right now.