This will be number four in three yearsI've tried three times, each time I seem to still be in existence and my life just gets worse and worse each time.  Its been ten years give or take of people who claim to love me lying to me, and telling me its all in my mind, ie gas-lighting.  I've spent ten years hoping someone will end it for me, some lone mugger just passing by and end it for me.  That used to be my dreams.  I don't know why people seem to think this level of abuse is ok for anyone to suffer through.  Theres always worse, I get that but at least its recognized as inhuman. I get people asking me what have I done to improve things, well I talked to people, Ive even told those voices in my head lies that they could use to smooth things over, I created stories so we can all just get along.  All I've wanted is to be able to have honest relationships with those around me.  Now, I don't even have my body with my brain and my nueropragramming; my family is lost to me, I don't know if Ill ever get the chance to have an open conversation with my family members.  Tell them how much they mean to me, even if they failed me at every turn, at least I knew you loved me.  Now I have to pay women for the closest thing I have to an honest relationship.  My therapist of eight or so years doesn't recognize that I have ideas of reference, asked me one, just one question over eight years about the triggering event, the first time I had I had a break.  He's never shown an interest in any of the things that people say about me... yet I'm pretty sure he knows their side of the story, but eight years and I don't think he knows my side of the story.  I've been raped at least twice, and my friends and family just gaslight me.  I think my family had to, were forced into doing it.  They of course made promises but did they live up to any of them, probably not.  I think theyd want to hear my side of the story, and since I've never told it they can't have lived up to their side of the bargain.  But people have been spreading a 'story', Ive seen emails of mine that were edited, so I know their lying, but I can't prove it.  I can't prove anything, ie gaslighting.  I've had people put shit in my drinks and food.  They take money out of my pockets, they steal clothes for fun.  They mess with anything and everything and I don't know why.  Why would anyone do this to someone.  Seriously why would anyone spend their time doing this.  Whoever took my body, that I get, having lived in your body I get why you'd want a new one.  I don't know its been eleven years of indignity upon idnigity and I'll never know why.  The hardest part of doing is knowing that no one will even know what they don't know if I disapear.  So much has been left unsaid, no one will even know what they don't know, so thoroughly they have convinced people of their side of the story, no one will know... But there's no reason to believe I will ever tell my side of the story, theres no reason to believe I'll have an honest loving relationship, so what I am here for.  

Some personality, Ive told people, some personality takes over and I black out, so I can't tell people my side, because I don't know what the story is.  All I know is that there's no reason to do any of this to me....

I miss you mom and dad, I miss you so much. I know I don't feel the way a human should anymore, I know they screwed with my programming so much you may not know that, but I can't do without someone...