The call of the VoidThe hike has been brutal. As He took the last few steps up the embankment, he sighed, drawing in a deep breath and stretching and popping his backbone.

"God I hate the humidity. Its a jungle everywhere here.", he muttered as he released tension on his back and stood straight backed. A creek lie before him opposite to the side of the hill he just climbed, with a sheer dirt face just ahead of him with the water, a small trickle from the lack of rainfall, at the bottom.

"It may be a jungle, but it's beautiful nonetheless" he remarked, gazing upon the dense greenery. Wild grape vines covered the dense swamp trees, their roots rising from the dirt like some alien swarm. Birds flew about, making all kinds of noises seemingly contrary to organic beings. Reptiles such as snakes and turtles inhabited the shallow waters of the creek, their brilliant colors reflecting in the sunlight that made its way through the cracks in the canopy.

And then it came. The thumping from the bottom of the creek. At first He didnt realize the feeling immediately, it still caught him off guard sometimes. He stared into the creek, blankly into the water. The feeling of dread and despair washed over him like a cold wave on a rocky shore. The creek seemed to grow larger and He felt as if it was pulling him towards it, but he remained locked, still, staring. He had no thoughts. Only raw temptation, despair, dread, the pulling, the thumping. But he stood there. The birds still chirping. Other joggers passing by him as he remained undetected only a dozen or so yards from them. He stood, transfixed on the creek bed, from his perch atop the edge of the large dirt cliff.

The urge was almost unresistable. As it always is. As it always has been. Its hard for Him to even move when the thumping is happening. Hard to not stare at whatever it is. He stood still in the brush, grass blades starting to straighten back out in the path he took to get there. The pulling was intense, the creek bed growing more and more desirable. The sounds of the world around him seemed to fade away with only the light brown color of the water filling his vision. The pulling truly seemed as if it were able to move him but he stayed planted, unsure of if he knew or cared if he were traveling over the edge.

Then suddenly, it stops as quickly as it came. The thumping resigns itself into the oblivion. The sounds of nature come rushing back to his ears like an amtrak moving down the rails. The creek bed seems to literally zoom out and the trees and brush are once again revealed. The feelings of dread remain but seem to taper off greatly as he begins to move around in the world again. He steps down the embankment, following the path he took there and stood in the path of the main trail, with a neutral feeling of emotion filling his chest. He continued to run, thinking to himself,

"I hope that doesn't ruin my day." 




The void was not strong enough that afternoon.