I'm 18 [M]. alone and ugly, I've had suicidal thoughts for the last 4 years.My teeth are crooked, I have glasses, my face is somewhat disproportionate and all my friends make jokes about my appearance all the time. I haven't had a girlfriend since 2013 and even she was embarrassed to be with me, so much so that she broke up with me by telling one of my friends to inform me of the fact because she didn't want to be seen with me.

At this point I don't know what to do, since that time I've had suicidal thoughts but never as much as now, I'm the only one of my friends that is a virgin and it seems like every girl I meet instantly judges me based on my appearance, which I don't even blame them for because I am pretty ugly if I do say so myself.
I love being myself but it seems like nobody else likes it when I am. I'm a musician but all my friends hate my music and my voice which doesn't exactly help my self esteem too much, I'm also unemployed and in every job interview I've gone to the interviewer acts like they aren't going to hire me because I don't look good. I can't even get into the college course I want to take because my math grades are too low because of my stupid dyscalculia math disorder. I also drink and use drugs heavily too attempt to temporarily remove my problems but it seems the things that I do while under the influence always make my friends hate me slightly more, in fact I'm typing this while drunk out of my goddamn mind at almost 6 am at this moment.

Honestly I have no idea what to do at this point. I've set a goal for myself that if I'm still a virgin/alone at 21 that I'm just going to kill myself. What's the point of living if only your parents love you and you have no companionship of your own? I don't even have any hopes of having children in the future either. What woman would want to have a child that grows up to have my fucked teeth and eyes? I certainly don't want to subject another human to this mental abuse no matter how accepting our world becomes in the future. What the fuck am I supposed to do?