I've convinced myself my life doesn't matter anymore.I try to appreciate everybody, but everyday I find myself really questioning whether or not people feel the same way about me. Everyday, I catch myself thinking, "What do you really think about me?" or "Do you really want me here?", and every time I ask myself these questions, I immediately assume that I'm nothing more than a nuisance to them. I assume I'm someone they let tag along with them for the sake of not wanting to feel bad for leaving me alone. What's worse, is that even when they outright tell me things that any normal person would consider a compliment, I assume that it isn't really genuine- that they're lying through their teeth when they tell me these things just so they don't come off as an ass. But the stupidest thing about all of this is that I manage to convince myself this is true- of everybody. That the only reason I'm let into anyone's life is because, I'm convinced, I'm a loner that they all pity.

I don't know why I do this... I just do. I keep building up this endless disgust with myself. I don't feel like a person anymore. I feel horrible about what I am. I've reduced myself to a thing that can't experience genuine happiness anymore- it's like I've forgotten what it means to be happy. The things that have replaced the space my happiness once filled are now the reoccurring thoughts I have everyday about reasons people should hate me. My obnoxious voice, my acne ridden face, my dandruff, my poor fashion sense, my inability to articulate my thoughts in clear sentences, my crooked teeth, my stupid ideas, my bad sense of humour. I could go on forever, and never, at one point, think to myself "Hmm, maybe that isn't *that* bad." And the "me" that people see me as and know me for, is just a front I've built up that hides the true feelings I have buried deep within my mind.

But now all this negative thinking caught up to me. Now I can't go through a day without thinking I'm making everyone I know annoyed with my presence. I destroy my self-esteem over the slightest mistakes I make, silently screaming at myself, things along the lines of "normal people wouldn't fuck this up AJ!". I force myself to never tell anyone the truth about me, for the sake of keeping everyone I encounter away from me, in case they tell me the things that I already believe about myself. And I do my best to hide the tears that are ready to burst out of my eyes at any moment, because I don't want anyone to know I'm not strong enough to handle this anymore. This battle inside me that they won't understand, and will likely judge and insult me for, because I did just enough to keep up a fake persona that wouldn't crumble under a situation like this. I'm afraid that if they knew, they would all assume I'm lying and doing this to beg for attention from people that don't care. And this whole thing... It's exhausting. And sometimes the thought of having a life like this just doesn't seem worth it anymore. And the more I think about it, the more I consider it.

It's just so pathetic and frustrating that no one did this to me. I did it to myself. I wasn't bullied or abused by anyone else. I just kept convincing myself that my life didn't matter, and now I'm starting to accept it.

I don't believe in God, but I've been told that he gives his toughest battles to his strongest angels.

...and I am afraid that I will lose this fight.

Help.