I realised no one can look after me35F
I’ve had mental health problems (inherited and years of abuse) my entire life which culminated in the current diagnoses of bipolar 2, GAD, PTSD, Body Dysmorphia, OCD and ADD. 

I also already have psoriatic arthritis and fibromyalgia which used to be really bad when I was obese (110kg, 5’3”) and my ex husband buried his head in the sand and ignored my health problems and I would be in bed alone for 14 hours, unable to walk, and he would leave me a glass of water and some biscuits. 

I left him and found someone who seemed the opposite (54M) and I moved across the world for him and his kids and became a step mum and lost 60kg so now I’m a trophy too. 

My mental health is being managed well but in the last 6 months I’ve found I’ve got cervical cancer for the second time, my bowel isn’t working so I need surgery, and then finally, in the last 2 weeks I got leg paralysis and they’ve ruled out physical causes and are leaving MS on the table (on top of everything else.) 

I have an amazing job, I am an international keynote speaker, popular on social media etc - friends all over have world... but I never let any of them know how dark I’m feeling. 

I was sort of coping but adding Covid and lockdown has shown that I genuinely don’t have anyone to care for me if I am diagnosed with MS. My partner who was amazing, picks and chooses when I’m worth looking after depending on his mood. (I’m currently stuck in bed, no food, trying not to drink anything because my leg paralysis means limiting walking around, having a text argument where I’m begging him to come talk to me but he refuses to believe it’s that bad and I should walk to the living room) 

I said to my mother (73) that if I got MS I would move back to England and live with her and although she was ‘jokey’ she made is it clear I couldn’t. 

But my partner has shown that he clearly can’t keep his emotions in check and look after me. He talks the talk when we are in a good place but today has shown how proud and petty he is -and the detrimental impact on my physical and mental health as a result. 

So here I am, with 12+ medications, wondering if anything is worth striving for anymore. It’s a 2yr track of uncertainty and relapses for MS diagnosis, all whilst I’m dealing with the cervical cancer and dead bowel - both of which need surgery but it’s been delayed for Covid. 

I have been so close to ending my life countless times since early childhood but today just felt like a day of accidental goodbyes and clarity over the lack of control of my future. 

I’ve had my emotional tearful breakdown but now I feel calm and ready.

Does anyone get to that clarity? How do I get back to reality because surely this can’t be the end?