I think the quote "I dont want to live like this, but I dont want to die" by Ezra Koenig, is the quote of the decade.I feel so trapped that I want to explode. I hate myself so much. At the same time I want to get better. I want to be better. For myself, and my parents. So these 20 something years werent just for nothing. So whoever is left behind cant retell history as "sad, broken, disappointment, etc". 

Ive hurt myself so much to the point that the thought of the temporary pain of suicide hardly phases me anymore. Been there, attempted that. I know all itll take this time is ~half a bottle of liquor and a couple of smokes at this point. 

On the other hand, im so fucking tired of hurting myself. I hardly have anywhere left thats concealed to hurt either way. I hardly feel it the same way. The only next extreme is just ending myself.  Im so tired of complaining and my excuses and spending what little money I have left on healing my wounds. Poor baby, wah wah waaah. So fucking stupid. But everytime I take this in and try go with that momentum of "get the fuck up and change something", I end up crashing even harder when I realize Im basically good for nothing. I have a lot of love and work ethic and curiosity to invest, I just dont know where the fuck to put it and its driving me insane. 

As much as I want to hang in there, all this time going by...all my hair falling out, health deteriorating, and looks fading....I dont have much grip left. As much as I try to figure shit out day by day, try to stay positive, etc, all of this time is just my being taking up space and wasting resources and mooching off of my parents who God bless them havent kicked my failure ass out onto the street.

As wonderful and exciting as all of this uncertainty can be, and once was, lately its just become overwhelming, daunting and terrifying.

When I look in the mirror or the pictures on the walls, I feel like a child trapped in the grown up shell of what couldve been before it malfunctioned, and now that child is trapped and suffocating inside and I feel so much fucking disappointment and guilt. 
 

I dont want to live like this, but I dont want to die.