Wanting to Kill Myself While Helping OthersI am trying to do some positive things for my community. I live in one of the counties of my state that has an extreme poverty rate, not saying everyone is poor here, because there are wealthy neighborhoods for sure, and the police here definitely don't give a shit about homeless people or troubled youth (white or POC, cis or trans, straight or queer). I am an ethnic minority, even though we are the definite majority in this county, cismale, light-skinned, and I guess straight (idk, definitely mostly attracted to women, romantically and sexually, with some queer thoughts or tendencies or whatever, but nothing I would consider myself queer over, feel like I'd be co-opting or stretching). I guess I'm beta or whatever, def not some frat bro. In college, lives with parents and has a nice part time job in campus. 

I try to help the youth of my community a lot, from raising funds for dreamer scholarships to hosting Know Your Rights workshops for families that may be affected by the current administration to hosting an all-day higher education and career conference for every year for junior to senior high school students that feeds them breakfast and lunch for free and gets them out of their families'/caretakers' hair for a Saturday. I work with some campaigns that would expand certain things to help people too or campaigns for people who don't buy their way into office. And I do this because I'm a fourth generation activist and want to help inspire the next generation and help people and it prevents me from blowing my brains out.  I've been diagnosed with major depression and 51/50'd (my lame social worker sent me to a behavioral health hospital and I didn't know what I was getting myself into, I thought they were going to scan my brain or whatever, I'm dumb a lot of times). And there are some people who make me want to end it all:

A) The "I'm More Marginalized Than You So You Are a Bad Person and Nothing You Do (Even Though I'm Ignorant of What You Do) Helps Me and I Won't Tell You How To Help" Shitposter: commonly found not found helping others in their community, let alone fighting their own chains. Also unaware of their current evil representatives and smaller local laws or elections. I just want to help. Tell me how to fucking help. Tell me what campaigns that are most critical to you. I'm not going to waste time listening to your shitty panel on campus for three hours that results in no progress or plan to fight the system.

B) The "That's Too Liberal for Me, So I'll Stick with Shitposting" Commie: has never helped a person in their life, has the audacity to tell activists what they should do. Constantly found confusing radical philosophy know nothing banter with tactics that are affective in breaking chains. All they know are a few keywords. Just in it for memes and to call themselves radical.

C) The "I Think My Shitty and Ambiguous Art Project that I Profit From is Activism" Choir Preacher: hyper derivative works of art that they think is activism for merely existing. Commonly found disinterested in politics and expects the few laws they do know to change based on their outrage. Knows a few more keywords than the radical leftist stalinist whateverists. Locks themselves in an echo chamber to build their audience for their passive art that has no meaning other than to make the artist look like a socially conscious edgelord on Instagram.

I don't hate these people. I was annoying and inactive too. I want these people with me to help others, because I know they might have something to bring to playbook with some experience and knowledge. But they simply are fine being in their echo chambers of unchallenged oppression or privilege . I know I have some privileges of social constructs and wealth but I can guarantee to you I want to kill myself for no reason besides that I hate my height tremendously (5'4" on a good day) and general body (my face is okay I guess) and my work is overlooked by the ABC’s of millennials listed. I want to help people but the lack of support I get is the most upsetting to me because if I had more help and less shit talking at me, I could help some many lives.

I just want to die. I’ll regret posting this.