Suicide mainly motivated by desire to get to Heaven?I'm mtf trans, 21 years old (taken hrt for a few years,) have had two major counts of unrequited love, have been depressed about unattractiveness and infertility, and have been suicidal the past few months or so. I've taken on a rigorous routine of an hour each of aerobic exercise and meditation each day ([MAP training](http://www.iqmindware.com/map-training), as it's known in combination)

The result is that I've been able to almost completely numb the feelings of depression and even the thoughts of low self-esteem but there's little to no change in suicidality from this.

Thing is, I fact checked "suicide is a sin" and the Bible says nothing about it being a sin (and even if it was, sins can be forgiven through faith in Christ.)

I was an atheist most of my life, but I became a Christian a few months ago. I suspect my brain did that to cope with my life having fallen apart around the same time, and thought that the maximal chance of attaining its goals (becoming fully biologically female, getting to be with the guy I loved who rejected me, being able to reproduce) would be to get to Heaven (even if it's only a 1% probability of being valid, there's still no version of subjective experience where I failed and go "ah shit." The only remotely possible experience following death would be paradise.)

Anyway, MAP training has been effective enough that a lot of the time I feel happy and excited enough about life to want to live. Thing is every time I decide to, my mind goes "but wait, can't we just go to paradise in a few months rather than waiting decades for transhumanist technology?"

One main reason to go on living is that as a transhumanist and singularitarian, I believe that in the future technology will come out which will enable me to fully replace my body and thus attain my goals anyway. Also through a simulation/mind-uploading, I could attain the extra stuff I'd get in Heaven (getting to see my dead mother again, getting to be with my unrequited love.)

Plus, I kind of prefer the challenge and even if I failed or the tech didn't develop, Heaven still exists as a fallback. Obviously the probability of succeeding is highest if I don't commit suicide.

But my time preference kind of goes like "yes, that's all true and it would be more fulfilling to attain all this through hard work, but we could narrow possible future experience to paradise in just a few months by planning out an effective suicide."

I don't even know how to argue with that, I mean it's true after all. Unlike with most things, there would be no experience of failure.

Would it help to read a lot of fiction where people pick the hard way instead of the easy way? I became a bookworm a couple years ago and I believe the couple hundred books I read helped me become wiser and more modest/humble in many ways. I don't know whether that would help with this though.

edit: I've also noticed that stimulants, particularly amphetamines but even caffeine, eliminate this desire. Plus I've had hypothyroidism in the past. Suggests low dopamine or norepinephrine might be involved. Both those facts make me think it might be a thyroid imbalance, which I will also look into. In addition, going to try and get a therapist.

edit again: just read the risk assessment guide and I'd definitely be at the higher end: I've made multiple attempts in the past, getting progressively more lethal, the last one being a few months ago where I slashed my wrists/arms to the bone and slashed my neck with broken glass from a bottle so bad that I had to get an implant to replace the lost flesh (only barely missed the vein which would have made it lethal.) Also, the last one barely affected me fear/pain wise (probably partly due to intensive meditation practice) and was much more genuinely intended. If I tried again, it would definitely be shotgun to the head or asphyxiation by inert gas.

In addition, feeling the burden thing and loneliness/isolation.