Do it need help?I feel so detached my own body and detached from the world. I have been self harming for years and my friends and family have no idea. Those cuts on my fingers weren't shaving accedents they were me cutting myself. I don't care about my appearance anymore. I want to just overdose on my medication or just fucking hang myself. I want to reach out to you but I don't know how to tell you I want to kill myself. I don't know how to help myself. I don't know how to express my feelings without hurting you. You wonder why I'm quiet and you wonder why I don't go outside and just stay in doors because when I'm outside I think about how worthless I am and how I will never be happy and live a good life like all these other people do. I don't want to be me. I don't think I want to have friends anymore as all they do is ignore me and I know it's hard when I constantly pretend to be happy when I literally don't want to live. But I don't know how they would react. I am such a waste of space and I don't think I will ever be happy with my life. I'm fucking sick of you telling me to be positive and telling me that it's just apart of being a teenager. Like suicidal thoughts are normal. I'm actually extremely close to killing myself. I have been self harming by taking hot baths and burning my skin. Every time I didn't use my cream to improve my skin its not because I can't be bothered or I'm lazy it's because I don't want to get better. I even scratch when I'm not itchy because I need to hurt myself and I need to punish myself for being selfish and being a coward. Every time I try to change my life and every time I talk to someone about it they don't help me. I can't cry anymore. I don't want to get up. I don't want to eat anything. I don't think I can do this anymore. I honestly don't think I belong anywhere. Even if I do hang out with friends and even if I do get a hug. I feel nothing. I feel numb. I have to fake my happiness. I'm at the point where I actually have ways to kill myself. Each day I'm getting closer and closer. I haven't told my family, friends or my therapist/psychiatric nurse because I am terrified as I want to tell her about my suicidal thoughts but i don't want to hurt my mum or anyone and I honestly don't think anyone can help me anymore and I don't know how what will help. For the first time I actually feel like I'm going to do it. Even when I tried to kill myself when I was 13 I had something holding me back. I don't want to do anything. I have lost interest in everything. I want to give up. I have been staying up late and waking up early because I can describe how I feel at night and I feel empty and numb during the day. Like I have to punish myself because it the only way I can get things out. It's the only way I can show how I feel without feeling like I'm a idiot. It's the only way I can actually feel something. It's the only way that I can cry for help without actually talking about it. I can't cry at all no matter how much pain and despair I am in. I have to punish myself because I deserve it because I am a piece of shit. I have to hurt myself because if I don't hurt myself i will hurt another person. Like even whenever I do get some contact or any basic affection I feel nothing like I don't really believe that they care about me even though I know that they do. I really don't want my family to know because I'm scared and frightened of their reactions. I've tried telling my mum how I feel and she just tells me that it's just a part of growing up and that I should just suffer in silence because I will only bring others down by being negative and I'm silly and stupid for saying that and I don't know what I'm saying. She basically doesn't believe a fucking word I say. She shuts down every single thing I say and she wonders why I do not speak to anyone at all. I honestly believe that everyone is better off without me as I don't really think that anyone would be bothered. My friends don't seem to give a shit about me and they just ignore me and never invite me to hang out with them. I'm too anxious to tell them how I feel because I feel like they'd react badly like everyone else does. I don't really know how I'll end my suffering but I have been thinking about overdosing on my concerta or ritalin (idk which one because I have two add medications) but I don't know how much it will take. I don't know when I'm going to do it as I'm going to wait till I'm home alone. I'm also thinking about simply hanging myself or suffercating myself but I've already tried suffercation (no one knows that I have atemped suicide). I have also thought about jumping off a bridge or jumping in front of a train or car as there is a train station nearby as well as a bridge which is a pretty popular suicide spot. I've also figured I could try to kill myself using alcohol but I don't what is dangerous or fatal when mixed with alcohol (I have two bottles of cider). I've also thought about slitting my wrists or simply cutting upwards up my arms with a blade or a razer which I believe you would bleed to death in like 5 minutes. But you can see the picture I'm pretty much willing to do anything that can kill me but I am trying to avoid the less fatal ones or the more painful ones that take a while. I don't know what to do anymore. I'll have these episodes where all I can think about is suicide and I can't really control myself anymore. I don't know how to tell my friend as I have resantly had a friend reach out to me but again I don't want to hurt them and I don't know how to tell then and if they'd react badly. I'm getting so close to the point where I think I need someone to physically stop me or at least be able to support me and not make me feel worse. I really don't know how long I can go on doing this alone. I have been thinking about my next camhs session and going in the room alone as I usually have my mum with me for confort as I feel really anxious and I sometimes don't know how to speak but  honesty don't know where to start and I'm starting really get frustrated with myself because I have this problem with pretending that everything is okay and constantly telling everyone that I'm doing really well. I also find it hard to speak as I have Asd and I have anxiety. But even then I don't know how they'd help me because I don't know they'd give me some outside support, more medication or send me to the mental hospital but I'm so afraid that the medication won't work and outside support not being enough. I really don't want them to tell my parents because I am more than scared and afraid of their reactions and again I don't want to hurt them. I don't know how to tell camhs I am so close to ending it all because I have a tendency to freeze in place. I also don't have the best hand writing so a letter would be hard to read. I have never told them about this side. I don't know if they are there for anything else because I've only gotten help from them for add not any else. I've always struggled to be honest with anyone at all. I've always lied and pretended to be OK. I honestly don't think I'm going to be around much longer as I don't know when the next session is. I've also finished college now and I have even more time to despair. I have been lonely as well now. I'm really panicking and scared. I've been isolating myself from my friends at college before I finished because they weren't talking to me. I didn't feel like they included me anything. I'm starting to think that they aren't actually my friends. I'm so close to giving up on everything. I don't care about anything anymore. I'm not interested in anything. All I want to do is die. I can't show how much I'm hurting. I don't know how. I can't. I really don't want to do this anymore. I just want to disappear and never come back. I want to quit my support group. I want to quit my course. I want to give up. I want to push everyone away. I want to leave and go to a place where no one knows me and I can finally end my life. I don't know what to do. I don't know if I'll be able to fight and suffer till the next camhs session. I'm not diagnosed with anything sirious as they've never cared. I have been thinking about going this week but I kind of want to try to cry out for help one last time but I'm afraid to say anything at group. I don't know if they'd help me with anything. I have been looking at places to go when I feel like I'm unable to control myself but I don't know how to word or get help. I think I'm better off alone. I'm honestly thinking about going completely mute. I feel so empty and numb to everything. I'm so afraid to get help but I'm also too close to not get help.