Got out of the hole only to fall back in.I was born to 2, 1st generation Chinese immigrants who made the mistake of marrying when neither liked the other. Growing up, i was surrounded in constant negativity, my parent fought very often, and made no discernible effort to hide it, i remember spending many nights shivering outside because i was too scared to stay inside with all the screaming occurring. Their unhappiness translated into a very tense and stressful household environment, one that made them more prone to lost tempers, lost tempers i often found myself on the wrong end of. Like most Chinese parents, they adhered to the practice of exclusive usage of negative-reinforcement and minimal time allotted to self-interests. Being the inquisitive Asian American child i was, surrounded by classmates who i noticed did not have similar circumstances, i questioned my parents often. I was beaten frequently, with whatever household object that happened to be closest which, thankfully, was usually a ladle or chopstick. Occasionally they would find something "better" for worse infractions but such instances were fairly uncommon. Food was something i was never in want of, as my mother made a habit of overfeeding me, when i say overfeeding, i mean that she force fed me until i threw up, then continued until i absolutely couldn't force myself to eat anymore, then lock me in the basement until i could. These days i am severely underweight because i can't bring myself to eat. 
My childhood was filled such things, and eventually i stopped caring about anything and everything, nothing mattered because i was going to suffer regardless. As a result, my grades in school suffered which looped back into more unpleasantries, a vicious cycle. By the time i was in middle school, i was deeply depressed, i had no friends because i moved very often, when i wasn't at school wishing i wasn't at school i was at home being yelled at for my poor grades. I found solace in reading novels to escape reality, but even this failed when my parents began to refuse be access to books because they believed it was a distraction from school. At this time i also began to become increasingly aware of the world and its issues, my gender identity, the meaning of my existence and my discomfort with it. As i began to think more and more about such things, the more i began to consider suicide. 
I couldn't bring myself to commit suicide because despite my hatred of life and the world, i feared oblivion more. I hated myself because the other Asian Americans i knew seemed to thrive under their circumstances while i was completely unable to live up to any of my parents expectations, now i couldn't even bring myself to die. I was a coward with a meaningless existence that i couldn't even bring myself to end. I began to harm myself as a way to deal with my self-loathing, to punish myself for being a worthless coward, i counted the number of cuts/scars vowing to finally off myself when it reached a certain number, only to hate myself more when I didn't. Eventually i managed to bring myself to attempt to run away during my sophomore year of high school. I was caught by the police and forced home. 
Such things continue throughout high school. During my senior year i was finally able to rationalize my existence, if my life is worthless, then I should make others lives better since I'm here. This rational is what motivated me for the next few years. I went to study abroad in China so I could learn the language, which would then enable me to go to med school as an undergraduate (my family connections proved very useful in China). If I wanted to influence the world then I would need a voice, and no one listens when you're just some kid, I needed to be somebody, I needed to be successful. 
While i was in China, i worked part time as an English tutor, which allowed me extensive interaction with students and their parents. Whenever i met a new student i would always strive to get to know them better. What hobbies do you have? What do you do in your spare time? How is school like? I began to notice a disturbing trend. None of my students had any hobbies beyond exercise or studying, a few of them said they enjoyed listening to music or played an instrument, but other than that, they seemingly had no lives beyond school. I made an effort to try and understand what was going on with them and i learned that most Chinese children go through things similar to myself, and often worse. One child, that i remember very vividly, who was 7 at the time, told me his father tore up his father's day card and yelled at him for giving something so useless. when i got his side of the story, i learned his reason was to prevent his child from feeling proud of himself. When discussing this with other parents i learned that Positive-reinforcement is frowned upon in the Chinese way of parenting, they believe that giving praise makes arrogant and spoiled children and many parents go to extremes to prevent that, such as with my student. I also learned that beating children was a supported method of teaching obedience, they have a saying that roughly translates into "a good child is beaten out". Another student i had, who was 23, said that his father would smother him whenever he cried, yelling at him that it was shameful to the family to cry. Every single student had stories of a childhood filled with traumatizing events just like mine. Whenever I tried to point out how wrong this was, i was always shut-out, telling me not to butt in with how people parent their own kids, or that I can't make judgments on  culture based on the values of mine
My time in China made me realize that i would never be able to stop this from happening. This is a country of 1.4 billion people, where the culture supports the abuse of their children. Never mind world issues like corruption, discrimination, and whatnot, i cant even stop parents from harming their own children. 
I'm finding it harder and harder to continue rationalizing my life in this shit world full of shit people, people that refuse to change, and/or can't see the problems with their own actions, where everyone decides to ignore all the problems of the world because of shit reasons like, "it's not my responsibility", "I can't do anything about it", or worse, don't even care. 
