I'm conflicted about deathUntil two years ago, the thought of killing myself was so absurd. I was always really optimistic, and didn't want to go until I got to experience what I wanted to in life (going to college, marching with a drum corps, etc). Ever since high school started, things have changed a lot. Everything I've ever tried I've failed at, I've got no great talents to boast. All of my friends are great people, way better than I could ever be.

I know this doesn't sound like a big deal since I'm just a kid in high school, but it hurts so much going to school everyday and being reminded of how inadequate you are.

Recently I just failed an important audition. It was to become a drum major of my school's marching band (I failed the audition for this last year as well). I know that doesn't sound like much, but I really, really love music. I've always been in love with the idea of conducting music. At my school, being drum major meant you were one of the top people and the band. It meant you were great at something.

I fantasized about being a drum major ever since I started high school. I had dreams of leading rehearsals, giving pep talks (how ironic), and finally being recognized. Well, I lost, so that's all gone. Making this position was supposed to get me out of this dumb fucking hole I've dug for myself. It was supposed to convince myself I was worth something. And instead, it just confirmed my belief that I can't do anything right.

I have to see the winner's face everyday in band now. I have to watch him live out my dreams. And honestly, I don't know how much loger I can take it. It physically hurts me having to talk to him and follow his directions, not because he is a shoddy leader, but because he reminds me how much of a failure I am.

Dying doesn't seem that bad now. I still have my doubts about it, but I feel like having to endure any more of this is too much. I'm never legitimately happy anymore, just faking for my friends so they don't waste their time on me. I'm still afraid of how painful it might be to kill myself, but I'm starting to care about that less and less. I just wish I'd get in a car accident so no one would know that I wanted to end my pathetic life because I was too weak to keep living.