It is what it is.My life is spiraling downwards. 

I've never really liked myself. In fact, I hate myself. Everything I do is wrong. 

I embarrass myself constantly. No one really likes me. I've been shunned by numerous people for my bad behavior. 

I've been called evil so many times. I get so angry and I can't control it.

I don't know how to love another person. I fall for people and they reject me. Even when i know they don't want me, I still go for it. I mean, I am hella persistent. 

I'm an alcoholic. I can't cope in a social situation without alcohol. I'm never really happy.

I go to work, put on a fake smile and try to make it through the day. However, I can't wait to get away. 

Everyday, I come home and lock myself in my room and stay in bed until i have to go to work again. 

Nothing seems worth it. I've tried all sorts of stuff before but I never stick with it.

Someone is always frustrated with me. 

I've accepted that I'm never going to have the motivation to change my life. 

I've accepted that I am emotionally fucked up beyond repair. 

I'm tired of rejection. I'm tired of feeling so disconnected. 

I don't think I can learn anything socially. 

I've got a plan. There's only one way to escape myself. I can't go back and change people's minds about me. I don't care enough about myself to live for me. Fuck me. Me=giant bitch. I can't think of one nice thing to say about myself because I am not a nice person. 

My life will never be good enough. I'm always just a step away from some new ugly drama, or emotional tsunami. 

I am a destructive force. 

Honestly, I don't think anyone will miss me and I'm ok with that. I used to cry when I thought about suicide. Now, I'm perfectly content. 

The time is approaching. I can't wait.

EDIT :  It's not a temporary problem. It's me. The person that I am. The person that was formed years ago. There is no overcoming it. Too much ugliness. The future is bleak. 
It's not like I'm in high school and something minor just happened. 

It's a long line of decisions I've made. Bad decision after bad decision after bad decision. Everything I do is bad. Everything I do upsets someone or pushes people away. I am finally all alone. Even lonely as I am, I still reject others because they only want one thing.