I have been anxious a lot lately to where I just feel worn.I have a slew of mental diagnosis with adhd, aspergers, anxiety, and probably depression which I think I have had since I was diagnosed when I was much younger.

I have felt anxious lately just from thinking about how I should be doing better in living my life, then thinking about how it effects everything else. I probably should be on anxiety meds but I don't currently have insurance and it sounds confusing. With anxiety I don't eat enough which exacerbates it (I'm not too skinny but I should try to gain weight). Lately I have been having more suicidal thoughts than I normally do.

I am tired of having such a hard time getting motivated on what matters. Currently I need to study for a certification to get into college. But I just can't focus on that. I think I have figured out how I can motivate myself for school, but it is obviously fucking stupid to go with that motivation.

It's common for people who are autistic to have 1 or 2 strong interests that they focus on. I recently got bored of pokemon go which I played a lot and learned a ton on. So I could try to choose what interest I focus on. What would be best to pick would be school, but seeing as that has never worked I just need to pick something that doing well in school would be a byproduct. I recently got a girl's number and have been texting with her. She is great, she is in shape, likes to rock climb, read, ...and only wants to be friends (in general she isn't interested in dating). Which is fine with me because I am basically a shut in so I would like to have friends my age to hangout with. The problem with that though is I am so worried I will mess up texting with her that it has to be adding to my anxiety.

I'm pretty sure I'm going to go with the motivation of hoping to end up dating her, which is just going to be a disaster for me long term. For the possibility of dating her I would need to be doing well in school, get in better shape, and just do better in life so it would accomplish what I need to work on.

Last part almost seems as if it doesn't pertain but it has to if it's what I have been thinking about a lot.