Nothing is going as planned in my college career. Don't know what to think about the future or present. Getting very desperate. Very afraid of getting suicidal feelings.I've been a videogame designer college student since last year. You're optionally supposed to develop a game every year. I really want to become a person of interest in the college so that in the future I'd get recognition for my games and maybe even awards. But everything has become a downfall since the beginning.

At the first year I had to get a group so I could develop a game with them, but the one I finally joined with didn't turn out to be great. I thought it would be awesome because there was someone who was really, really good at programming. But then he got out because he knew this game wasn't going to get released. I wanted to do the same but, foolish of me, I decided to stay because it'd be much harder to find another one. It started getting terrible because now nobody was working at the game but me and if I told them to work, they'd just send me a 6 year old like drawing. I got so mad I left the group near the end of the year.

Next year I became extremely obsessed with finding a proper group for me. So I went and ask around but as I guessed everyone I liked got closed to their groups from last year because they went really good.

Except for one guy from the third year.

I've been talking with this guy. I loved his way of work and his dreams and expectancies. However he told me I didn't have enough experience, but with practice I might be able to become a very strong potential teammate in his point of view.

I tried and tried and tried, but I'm starting to think he's beginning to lose hope on me. I'm still trying but my will has started to wilt down because of the time I'm spending showing artwork and level designs.

Last month this Sony "Playstation First" was announced at my college. I was so happy to have this opportunity. Basically, you send a proposal for a game, if you're selected as candidate by the University, you become a candidate for Sony to develop an publish your game idea.

I really wanted to at least become a candidate, so I had sent 5 project ideas out of 8 I had in my mind. Only one got selected, which IMO was the worst but in Sony's perspective it could have been a very, very interesting idea.

So I had to present my game and if I got voted by either the students of the teachers I would get selected. I got really nervous because there was someone who took so much time that I had just 2 minutes instead of 5. Furthermore the microphone stopped working and nobody could hear me because I got really nervous.

Today, 3 of the 5 candidates have been selected which have been selected by the students. I'm not among those.

The other 2 will be chosen by the teachers and I think I have absolutely zero chance of getting selected, because I'm at the second year, while the remaining projects are from either the third or fourth year. I figured the teachers want to offer as many chances as possible for the best games, so I'd figure they'd ignore 1st and 2nd year.

Fun fact: One of the chosen by the students is from the first year and I personally believe that it got chosen because they made the crowd laugh so much with their... Hilarious... Presentation.

I want to get as many chances as I can to get awards and recognition and fame. The 5 candidates can get a chance of winning a PlayStation award, which is kinda a very important award.

With so many failures and already halfway through my college career, I'm starting to lose hope of everything.

After all, being famous is, like, my ultimate goal of life...

What do I do now? I can't cling on the third year guy because I don't have hopes of grouping with him, and I know I am not going to be a candidate of the Playstation First contest. In the end I won't be able to do anything this year too! 


If I start thinking can't fulfill my life dream, I won't have any reason to live, and I don't want to get suicidal feelings again, because I wanted nothing but to die quickly until I found reaching fame as a goal.