I'm going to kill myself. Afraid people I talked to on online dating sites will remember who I am when my face appears in the newsI have severe OCD, so maybe that's why I'm so worried about this, but I could really use some reassurance, please. This is going to sound extremely paranoid and crazy. Please bear with me and talk sense into me, I need it. I'm going to kill myself this year because of a chronic illness. Briefly, stupidly, I thought "I want to go on my first date before I kill myself" and made an online dating profile where I talked to several guys. Sent them pictures of my face after several messages. Maybe 10-15 of these guys saw what I looked like (they each know my name and each saw many pictures of my face and I have a very easily recognizable face, I've been told.) And they all lived in the same state as me. 

&amp;#x200B;

The way I'm going to kill myself involves jumping from a building in a very busy city. I'm afraid images of my face are going to go on the news (as most jumping suicides do in my state, almost all) and they're going to recognize who I am. And then talk about it to their friends, or much worse, post about it online like "I talked to this girl on okcupid before she killed herself!" and they're going to think I killed myself because of dating troubles or something trivial like that. Or they're going to talk about it on some website like "I talked to this girl!" and everyone's going to remember me like that, like they're going to type in my name and the first thing that's going to come up is about me having an online dating profile a year before I died. How could they resist? Someone will want to do that. A few of the guys I talked to were very into 4chan culture etc. and were very active online (never actually met up with them) and I'm scared that they'll post about it on some site just for the heck of it. I don't want that to be what I'm remembered why. I'm embarrassed by it. Not that it was anything really anything embarrassing, just people remembering me as the girl with the online dating profile who committed suicide. If I'm going to be remembered, or I'm going to come up when people google search my name, I want it to be because of my illness, and struggles, not some stupid online dating thing. 

&amp;#x200B;

I know this sounds paranoid and insane. Please help me. It's really bothering me and ruining my day. And please don't comment "don't kill yourself." I've made up my mind. I'm just don't want this to be what I'm immortalized by. By itself it isn't embarrassing at all, so that knowledge doesn't really help me, I just don't want it to be talked about online AFTER I die. Friends/relatives/strangers/anyone typing in my name and seeing that. I don't want that to be my legacy.