There is a logical reason to end my life, not just an emotional one. I am inferior, and I can never be happy. Therapy is NOT an optionI am pretty much tired of being forced to live. Every day I am faced with the same nothingness despite trying to find different perspectives and to improve myself. I don't care about improving myself any more because it's meaningless.

First of all, I am a guy of average attraction. I am very weak and frail, but I make up for this by eating healthy and having a smooth face. My intelligence is on the lower end of average, proven by an intelligence test in school which resulted me going to a 'special' class. I did pretty bad at school and college because I wasn't interested in what I was able to do, and because I was in special ed I was limited in what I could achieve. Because of this, I failed college and couldn't get into university.

I wanted to go into maths, stats, or physics but I barely scraped by in foundation math even after constant revision and active reading of mathematical textbooks. I went into IT as it was the subject I did best in, getting around a C. In college I got an equivalent of an E, partially due to my lack of understanding of IT and the absence of any interest I had towards it. 

I am not a social person because, whilst I am very agreeable, I don't enjoy leaving the house. Eating out, travelling, nature, animals/pets, sports, all of this I've tried on numerous occasions and I've hated every second of it to the point where it makes me more depressed. I also have had little friends throughout my life and I currently have one distant friend I meet up with every few weeks, only because I don't want to be alone, not because I've liked him (I've never liked any of my friends. I've had a few as a kid and I've pretty much forced myself to be in their presence). I've never had a girlfriend, and I likely will die a virgin, not because I can't get laid but because I want a girlfriend that has something I don't have (despite trying): Smarts, willingness to be involved in my fetish which involves bodily functions, at least somewhat attractive to me, compassion, willingness to be the leader in the relationship, and a good talker/arguer. Educated and good at politics/debate is a plus but optional. Sex means nothing to me but I desire the intimacy of a relationship. I don't blame my issues on anybody else, but I have desires I have no idea how to achieve.

I don't have any hobbies really. Occasionally I force myself to write because I wanted to be a writer at one point, but I hate every second of it and always have, I just wanted a goal to follow but I hate it and want to give up because it offers no positive value to my life other being my only 'hobby'. I am interested in politics, debate, history, science, maths, linguistics, general knowledge, but despite trying to actively read what I am interested in I forget it and when I try and talk I embarrass myself because I forgot what I read about 10 seconds ago despite reading it over and over, taking notes, and actively reading it. 

I am going to end my life soon I believe because I have nothing to live for. I have tried to find things but it hasn't worked. I had a little therapy but therapy is shit in my country and I can't afford private therapy. I might have a desire to get into debating politics, science, maths, etc, but I have no knowledge of it and despite trying I can't retain anything. Even if I did there's nothing I can do to learn it academically, and no clubs in my city of over a million that are involved in anything similar. I see people who are younger and smarter than me and I hate it so much. I know comparing yourself isn't necessarily good, but that means fucking nothing to me because I don't choose to fucking do it. 

Do I have family? Yes, but I care much more about removing myself from this world than I do about their feelings. Don't try and convince me to live for them because I just don't care enough about them to spare them my death. I want to talk to somebody about this because I'm tired of keeping this to myself. 

I hope, even if I do die, that I spend some time talking with you guys before I go.