Don't wanna fuck up again.A few years ago, I went through a trauma. I recovered and got back on my feet. But I got cocky. I thought since my life on the surface had recovered, that I was good too. I thought I'd shown them all. 

Then another crisis struck and I was hit with something like PTSD from the previous trauma. I was completely frozen. In my mind, I was back where I started, with nothing. Despite having opportunities, I had no strength to react to them, to reach out and fulfill them. I was broken and I hadn't acknowledged I was broken. I never healed that shit. 

I was thrown into two years of heavy depression. It took all my strength to just drag myself out of bed and crawl off to what little work I could still keep. I had no energy to seek out work, I barely made do with what I'd already had. I have no idea how I made it work through those two years. 

I was suicidal all the time but I was aware that it was the emotional overwhelm that pushed me that way. So it wasn't pushing me to the point where I might actually do it (like it was in the actual trauma). It was just a long trudge through a shitty time. 

Then the hurt had finally spent itself somehow, and I got better. The depression gradually lifted and I had more energy to do stuff. 

So I trudged along until another crisis struck, just recently. Somehow, through sheer... I don't even know how. I managed to resolve it and I'm in a good place now. I can start looking forward and working towards something better.

But I can feel myself slipping already. Even though I have no immediate reason to, I'm already doing avoidance patterns. That means I'm hurt and I need to fix it, or it'll avalanche on me again. 

I don't think anyone out there necessarily has the answers to this, but it helps to write it out so I can think on it more clearly. If you're willing to just help me talk it through, it'd be very appreciated. Even just venting about it might help dissipate the backlogged traumatic emotions. At least a little bit. 

I have to find a way to fix this, or I'll slide back into the old pattern and find myself in another crisis again. 

A part of the problem is that I criticize myself very harshly. I don't allow myself time to heal. So instead of taking a day off to do something fun and relaxing, I am trying to force myself to work... but all I'm accomplishing is playing Spider Solitaire for hours on end. Avoidance pattern. IT'S NOT EVEN FUN. It sucks. I need to stop that. At least play a decent game and have some fun, be refreshed and energized to do something productive. I don't let myself breathe.