I’m just tired.I’m 26 years old. My life is constant stress. I really have tried working at feeling better but nothing seems to help. I feel so personally responsible for so many people that I can’t even keep my mind clear enough to do things I used to love to do. And no one notices or maybe no one cares. No matter how much I’ve helped people or been there for everyone I never have anyone here for me, no matter how small or big the problem. I can’t talk to anyone about how I’m feeling because it always goes one of two ways, one they downplay how I’m feeling because they have it worse or two tell me I have no right to feel the way I do because I’ve been worse off. 
I’ve disappeared for weeks at a time and no one ever notices I’m gone. 
I’ve stopped texting my “friends” first and stopped posting on social media entirely and I haven’t had a text or call in a few weeks. 
I get that people get busy and forget sometimes but my family and friends I feel go out of their way to ignore me, on my birthday no one even posted on my wall and Facebook reminds you and makes it super simple/fast so it’s not even he slightest inconvenience. 
The only time I hear from anyone is when they need something, and those somethings range pretty wildly from a few dollars to helping friends better their marriage. 
No one wants me unless they have something to gain from me.
I grew up in an abusive household and was beaten everyday and told how worthless I was constantly by my mother.  And that’s only scratching the surface of the abuse I’ve endured thought out my life. 
I’m not doing terribly, I have my own house and a few pets. There’s nothing really I want and the only thing I think I’m lacking is love. 
I feel completely lonely and used up, I’d already have killed myself by now if I didn’t feel so guilty about leaving everyone behind with the financial debt of burying me. 
But keeping everyone else happy and sparing their feelings and doing my best to never burden anyone I’ve grown so tired. And I feel so on the edge of giving up and abandoning those who have forgotten that I too am only a human. 

I know this is all over the place but so many things are dragging me down, I’m just doing my best to reach out before I drown even further. 