Coming to terms with my life on a trip meant for suicide.I spent the last two days holed up in a hotel room in a city a few hours drive from my hometown. I brought rope, climbing straps and a carabiner, which once rigged together create a means to hang yourself from a bathroom door. I drank and I sat in the bathroom with my back against the door and the slipknot around my neck. I spent hours in there, trying to bring myself to let go and allow my body weight to cinch the rope and end my life. I couldn't do it, I kept trying but I would always pull the knot loose before it went too far. I had my phone beside me - I was wishing desperately for someone to text or call me. I realized that what's been eating away at me is this profound sense of loneliness I have. I realized I'm lonely because I push everyone away.  

A few days ago I messaged an ex of mine on FB, asking her if she'd like to go to lunch as I'd be in her city in the next few days. She never responded, but I looked back at that message and realized she had changed her profile picture - the first time in a year - right after receiving my message. The picture is of her sitting alone in an empty room. She looks sad. At that moment all I felt was an overwhelming sense of wanting to hold her and tell her everything would be okay. I know it probably won't be and I know right now I'm not the man that could make anyone else's life better. Whether her changing her picture was a coincidence or her way of responding to my message, I'll never know for sure. But it gave me an urge to fix my life and face my problems - not for her - but to be someone that can be depended on again. 

I wrote a suicide letter on the back of the room service menu. I scribbled it out free form. The letter turned out to be mostly an apology to my mother, telling her that it wasn't her fault and she had done everything she could possibly do to raise me right. I asked my father to look after her and I told him that I was proud of him. This is the first time I have ever seriously thought about the impact my death would have on them. I wanted to hug my mother and tell her I'm sorry for being such an asshole. I began to see that I've been neglecting them and the opportunity to remain close to them won't always be there forever.  

I'm writing this from that same hotel room. The rigging is still up but I'm out of the bathroom. I don't know if I'll change or if I'll be back here again in the near future. I do know that I'm going home tomorrow. I know I'm going to tell my parents I love them. I'm going to try to fix my life, so I don't continue to lose the people who matter to me most. 



