Ever have a lot of good things going for you, and yet you still want to die?TL:DR - I have a lot of good things going, but I still think about suicide and SH. Hubby and I planned to see my psychiatrist about it only to end up not going for various reasons. I worry that these thoughts won’t get better despite being medicated, and that I’m playing with my health...and I don’t feel my hubby understands the seriousness.


I’m married. I have a new job lined up for me next week, I have supportive friends and a loving mother in law. I have a sweet dog and cat. We live in a nice place.

Then why do I still want to die? Why do I continue to obsess over it when I’m aware of what all I have to lose? I have stressors and situations that I feel trapped in, but I’m told “things will get better...” but when?

I’ve had increased thoughts of suicide and SH lately to the point where my husband wanted to take me to the hospital. We argued back and forth about it and decided to make an emergency appointment with my psychiatrist and develop a safety plan that involved me not being alone.

Night before the appointment, I bring up the possibility of the doctor recommending me to hospitalization due to the suicidal thoughts and research I’ve done in the past few months, the suicide video I’ve made on my phone for my family and friends, and the overwhelming number of fresh and old SH marks on my arms and thighs. I feel that my husband’s opinion on going the next morning suddenly changed (he was miserable the last time I was hospitalized) and wanted to look at alternatives. I named a few, but reminded him that I could be dropped as a patient for cancelling after 24 hours and (if I wasn’t dropped), my next appointment wouldn’t be till April. We talked about calling his nurse to see if any medication changes could be done to help until then, and my husband encouraged me to find alternatives.

Don’t get me wrong, I don’t want to go to the hospital either, but I’m afraid if things get really bad that I’ll do something without thinking or when I’m drunk. Even accidentally SH in a way that could be seen as suicidal scares me.

Day of the appointment, I go back and forth based on what my husband and I talked about the night before and initially decided not to go based on his concerns. I later changed my mind feeling like I was taking a gamble with my life by not going and started getting ready. I felt that my husband  started dragging his feet on getting ready to leave. Eventually I got frustrated and decided not to go because we would be too late. I don’t fully blame him; if I had gotten ready earlier and decided initially to go, I would be there now.

Part of me wants to die, but part of me doesn’t. I don’t know how to fix it on my own and feel pressured to find an appropriate solution...and I don’t know how without talking to my doctors about my options...even if it’s hospitalization for active SH and suicidal thoughts.

Not sure where to go from here. My aunt was the same way before she ultimately committed suicide (I was 12 at the time), and I don’t want to follow in her footsteps.