HospitalizationJust curious on ya'lls thoughts on hospitalization. I checked myself in a week ago because my racing thoughts were killing me. I'm out after a week feeling just as suicidal, but I'm feeling more guilty because of all the support I got and the people who came to visit. I thought I'd gotten better, but now that I'm out I feel just as much like dying if not more so.

The staff were very supportive and caring, the time away from the world was good, but the fact that I was one of the few people who was a first time hospitalization, with many having multiple stints, the debriefing largely consisted of "remove all harmful materials from your home, call the suicide hotline, or 911 in an emergency, and talk to someone if you have suicidal thoughts" suggests to me they aren't that effective.

I'm fortunate I never got the "it gets better" speech (I think my condition is very troubling to people, they don't know how to deal with non-situational suicidal urges), but it seems like mental health is about not dying, rather than about helping us feel like we don't want to die. Also, group therapy was not helpful. I have recurring thoughts that NEED to go away, and learning to notice bipolar triggers or expressive movement/art therapy don't suction out my bad thoughts.  More often you get the "what to do in a crisis/how to cope" approach rather than a "let's heal your pain" approach. I get why, it's hard to help someone heal, and the coping skills help people with their symptoms when they show up, but I honestly have no interest in living with the pain I have, no matter how good my life gets to compensate. 

Hospitalization  only makes more nervous about talking about suicide, because I refuse to be admitted again, and I don't know how to tell my friends and family that this didn't work, I'm probably not going to survive much longer. I wish they had like a thought eraser, wipe my mind clean of the bad thoughts. Hell I'd take complete amnesia if I could, forget everything just to make the disturbing thoughts stop. But until they invent that, I'm not sure I like hospitalization as a treatment tool for many suicidal people. I think it helped me deal with Schizophrenia, but that has little to do with my desire to not live. 

Anyone's thoughts differ on hospitalization, for suicidal patients in particular, or in general?