I think about suicide a lot, but I'm not 100% sure if I want to die.I suppose I'll start talking about when I was about 14-15 years old. During my secondary school period, I was never popular, and everyone thought I was really weird, even the teacher (and I know that because on of the teachers told my brother (who was also at the school) that I was a bit 'out of touch' from everything that was going on around me). Anyway for some people I was just that quiet kid in school, and for others I was easy to pick on. For a few years there was this rumour around that I was going to shoot up the school ot let of some explosives (these rumours are false) and so nearly every day, there was always one person or more that would ask me,
"When are you going to shoot up the school Chassier?"
And I never really replied and just wandered off, but after a couple years of being asked the same question over and over again, it got into my head, and I began thinking, 
"Is this what I'm suppose to do, where am I going to buy guns from etc?"
So I'd search on the internet where to buy weapons, but I'd just give up after a few minutes looking. (I'm seriously going off topic here, I just wanted to tell someone that first bit.)

Over the course of my school years, I began to have this fascination with death, and the mind set of people who would either kill people or kill themselves. And so I would visit many websites that had videos of dead bodies or people being killed (like liveleak, bestgore, etc) to watch and enjoy. And after watching people be torn apart or stabbed or getting shot or run over, I built up this sort of immune system where I just wouldn't feel that skin-crawling effect people get. And after a while I just didn't really feel anything at all. So I thought, 
"Might as well feel pain as a way of getting myself back to normal feelings"
So I'd self harm on my arms, but I wasn't looking for any attention, but pretty quick, people realised that I was self harming and so got me to a councillor to talk things over, of which I didn't share anything. For a while now I've been cutting my legs since I don't show them to anyone, and it's all scarred up since i've stopped harming for a while. (I'm losing focus here and trailing off a bit)
Anyway, back to my suicidal thoughts, I think about dying almost everyday, and I used to google ways of which I could do it, e.g. hanging, cutting wrists, vehicle accidents. But I don't really want to die, although I'm in pain. I want to live, and see what opportunities I will get and think about what my life will be like when I'm older and who will I meet/learn to love. Also, I kept thinking over my suicidal thoughts about all those TV shows that I've not seen yet, or movies that haven't come out yet or video-games I have yet to play. My mum would say that I had depression, but for me it was just a different mind set to other people. I talk to my online friend everyday about my suicidal thoughts and she's helped me a bit to get over it and has given me something to live for. Not sure where to end this but my hand has cramp now so this is the end, (chance of an edit here).

EDIT: If you do want to ask any questions, I'm an open book and will answer truthfully and just.

Thanks for your time, feel free to share your thoughts.