Suicide feels like "sooner or later" option and I can't find any excuse to make it push it until "later"I'm twenty-two. I'm trans. This week marks a year since I started HRT, and it doesn't feel like a milestone, an accomplishment, or anything at all. It just feels hard, and I feel utterly numb and empty. 

I guess I've been "passively" suicidal for ages, but for the last six months or so I've come to terms with the fact that I'm either going to kill myself now, or later. Right now, I don't see the point in dragging the rest of my life out any longer than it needs to be. There's nothing fulfilling about pursuing a  useless liberal arts degree. Or working at a shitty dead-end IT job. Or being constantly broke and hungry. All I do in my free time and otherwise is smoke weed and watch TV and read. It's not life. It's existing, poorly. My parents don't like me - at best, I'm an annoyance. At worst, I'm an embarrassment, the topic no one brings up at Christmas - or any other time, for that matter. My friends are great people. I love then, but I can't deal with being a burden to them. In a weird, fucked-up way, It makes more sense to put people through the pain of dealing with me killing myself than it does to force them to endure my weakness, my neediness, my complete inconvenience of an existence. I hate myself so utterly and totally that I find it difficult to imagine that others won't eventually reach the same conclusion.

I don't want to be another statistic, another depressed trans person that ends up killing themselves. But I'm such a fucking cliche otherwise that I know it's come to that. I've been depressed for nearly ten years. I've been in therapy. I've been medicated. The whole thing. None of it helps. Cutting used to make me feel better, and lately it's all I can think about. I look at other guys my age and I know that I'll never really fit in with them- I'll never fall in love or get a job or meet someone or function like a normal fucking human being. I'm awkward and ugly and completely pathetic. No matter what I do. I've spent years trying, sometimes very fucking hard, too hard, and I have nothing to show for it. Nothing. I feel tremendously guilty for putting everyone around me through it all and coming out of it empty-handed and just as fucking lost as I was before. I've alienated friends, family, people who showed me nothing but kindness and acceptance. Because I'm a selfish asshole. Well - I don't want to be that way. I don't to do this anymore. 

I'm afraid of being completely transparent with anyone I know irl because it always feels like I'm obliging people to talk me out of it. I don't want to be talked out of it. If this is life, if this is what it's going to feel like, then I don't want anything to do with it. I'm so tired of being tired. Of feeling utterly numb and alone, even though people love me and care for me. I'm so sick of existing as a waste of a human being. 

I guess I'm just posting this to get it out of me. I've thought about leaving a note but it always ends up sounding rote or melodramatic or sanctimonious or just... flat. Empty. So thank you very much to anyone who took the time to read this. 

