Wanna kill myselfNot the first time, been struggling with depression since the age of 6. Turned 24 not too long ago. Thought I was finally all good, still have episodes but it's whatever, I've been dealing with them long enough that I know they will end. Same when feelings of wanting to commit suicide pop up. I don't want to share my whole life story so I'll spare the details and jump to the important bits. 

A few days ago I figured out why I was depressed at such a young age, why it has increased in sophistication over the years. Then I found something out yesterday that just destroyed me. The first exacerbated my symptoms, the realization yesterday made it jump to a new level. In summary I feel like I'm a ghost, everyone else is alive but me. Even when it comes to having hobbies, everyone seems to have at least one. Or people want to feel connected and loved, or understood by others. But I don't care about wanting to feel connected, loved, or understood by others, I mastered the one on one social game and can become close friends with anyone I want. I've had close conversations with people, longest being ~12 hours long, average being ~90 minutes long. I have had more than enough of those. And my friend and family situation is good, they care about me a lot. My mom even bought me an apple turnover for Valentine's Day, bless her heart.

But no matter how hard I try, the meds I consume, the therapies I look into, the realizations I've made (I'm no stranger to self-compassion, vedantic philosophy, or non-duality. I've learned a lot of stuff, know true nature--it's all awareness, doesn't even make sense to say awareness is aware of itself, or more precisely everything is love. Even felt this with my being a few times--, and practice meditation on a daily basis. I don't believe in God, I know God, not religious though since I don't have a belief), the talks I give to myself to calm myself down when my mind jumps the gun, it all just seems to be an elaborate lie I tell myself to become convinced I can be changed. But how can that which is dead ever come back to life? Everyone else is alive but me. I'm tired of trying to become alive.

I just want to run away from everything and everyone. No more having to deal with people, in the short-term they can bring joy and happiness but in the long-term they only bring misery, they're essentially the bane of my existence. But I've got a love for everything I can't shut down (I've tried many times) so I can't bring myself to hate anything. I just don't want to deal with any of this anymore. I have to purposefully make myself stressed out and anxious to be compelled to get stuff done, I'm deliberately procrastinating on academic work because that rush of doing things at the last minute consumes me (like I've got a CS assignment due tonight and a CS midterm due tomorrow for a class I'm ~3 weeks behind. I'm smart enough where I'm not tripping, that's not an excuse to still do it though). I'm driven by fear and stress because if I try leting myself be driven by anything else (or nothing at all) then I just stop interacting with everything and begin retreating into myself. Even making art, something I've recently discovered, is done moreso out of compulsion than want. I find art to be boring when made voluntarily, but when I have an emotion building up pressure inside of me then I become consumed with trying to give it physical form until it explodes into a piece that captures it. It's cathartic but it's not a permanent solution, I also don't want to build up renown for this (already starting to get noticed by a few, think it'll get worse if I keep this up) so I'm thinking of stopping or destroying my pieces. I'm rambling, my point is that I don't have hobbies, even things that seem somewhat comforting.

It really hurts me for wanting this especially since it's incredibly selfish to not only my loved ones and friends, but also to my mind and body that are sincerely trying their best to keep me alive (like my cells don't deserve this, they're doing their best to make sure both of us stay alive), but I just want to end it. I thought about it and I think it's pretty much impossible to sensibly isolate myself unless if I go to someplace like India so suicide seems like the next best option. I'll do drop-ins at my university (UCB) Friday, maybe tomorrow, to get help since I'm not delusional enough to think what I want to do is in any way healthy, but the pain is just too much now.

In terms of wanting help (since I'm not one in the first place to be that comforted with words like "oh, you'll be alright hon, just hang on longer" or whatever) I'm wondering if anyone has experience with feeling dead relative to everyone else. Doesn't need to be personal, I'm also content to be pointed towards others' stories. I want to know if there are people that have felt dead--as in they see everyone being lively, having meaningful friendships with others, pursuing interests, motivated to get things done, and don't feel any of that, like a ghost whose hand passes through everything--and were somehow able to come back to life. It also really hurts me to see others have an active life because it automatically makes me question what I'm doing with my own (I'm also extremely insecure, that's a talk for another day), so I would like to hear what people have done to sincerely stop giving a shit about others' lives and comparing theirs in the process. I get it's not healthy to want to isolate myself but it's too painful for me now and just need to run, and if I can't physically do it because of how widespread our species are then I'd rather just end it than deal with it.

EDIT

Um, forgot to mention that this isn't something I've just tried over the past year...I've been trying to feel alive for a very long time now. Ever since I was very young at 6, maybe earlier, I would always compare myself to others and try to figure out what was wrong with me to be inferior. I was pretty stupid, uncoordinated, and socially inept back then, I'm none of those things now, but it fucked with my head too much and now it's incredibly difficult to not feel like shit when others are doing better or I know I can do better. Just trying to be as lively as others and failing repeatedly over the years has taken a toll on me. What's the point of trying if I can't succeed? It was stupid of me to ever think I can be like any of you.

EDIT2

Still planning on killing myself, [REDACTED]

EDIT3

Actually I can't discuss suicide methods so I had to remove most of my edit2. Summary is that I have to do more research, travel to a few places to determine which ones are ideal, logistical stuff like that. Also best way for body to decompose quickly. So I should be safe for a while, just gotta hold onto my current plan to stay sane until then.