I looked at gory shit for about half an hour and Idk how I feel about it rn...Originally, I was gonna look for videos of people attempting suicide, or actually succeeding, cause I've seen a few blurred ones.  Watching suicide rescue videos tear me up, cause mainly I dont know what the person is feeling, and idk how many of you truly believe theres nothing that can be done, but for the people like me, and seeing people talked down or 'rescued' puts me in tears, cause I know, for me personally, I would never want to be talked down or dragged down from an edge kicking and screaming, and putting myself in the shoes of the people on the videos makes me sad, granted, when I want to cry, its a good solution, so theres that. 

But obviously ofcourse not everyones shit-u-ation is permanent or unsolvable, so you cant be happy when someone jumps off an edge nor should you, just because of personal feelings.  As fucked up as it is, watching videos of people actually dying brings me a sense of satisfaction, and is in the only way where I feel like "they did it, and so can you, its possible".  But more in a sense of, 'they did it, they escaped, im proud and jealous', even watching the brutal explicit graphic videos, or just seeing images.  Originally because I wanted to see how destructive a shotgun can be.  And keep in mind, the images are enough to scar- even adults for life, but seeing them give me a sense of assurance, and odd safety.   And yea the definition of "Suicidal Madness" is different for everyone, even my meaning as changed a couple times, but believe it or not, this isn't a downslide, I have been worse.

Evil Heros are what i think of First responders when it comes to suicide for me personally.  The idea of someone taking away my escape but doing it in the most wholesome way makes me wanna cry in different emotions.  But theres times where I feel like if no other way was possible, I would try to kill myself by banging my head of a wall or floor.  And for my innocent virgin christian eyes 420 and 69 aren't numbers as scary as 5150.  I think I would be the type of person that would be permanently committed, the idea of living with a thought to be illegal thought process is a scary thought, like if people knew how I felt, and it feels illegal to know what I do, or; feel what I do.  Like living in a fantasy world, I will try my absolute best not to be taken alive.