Please help meSo...its sort of difficult to even find where to start...

Im chronically homeless with anxiety and depression...i have a wife and two children...
They mean everything to me...but lately things have gotten so far out of control i just dont know that i can keep up. 

I almost lost my son to SIDS when he was 3 and a half months old...he now lives with HIE, CP, and has a rare form of epilepsy from HIE...hes almost two hes so fucking beautiful and hes my heart and soul...i blame myself everyday and worry about his development...being homeless right now is really holding him back i feel...im his full time caregiver... I could never do anything else...he means too much to me...i slept on a little window seat in the hospital for two months to be with him...hes been in my arms since he was born...
I also have a 5 month old who is growing way to fast and is so hard to interact with because he gives me flashbacks and all i can do is think of who my first son would be right now...but hes so sweet he just babbles all day and hes just so infatuated with me... he looks just like his mother... gorgeous eyes...
My wife...is my everything...my rock my muse...weve been through hell and back together...
She has a lot of health problems...has PTSD social anxiety general anxiety depression postpartum depression...she has no experience with raising children...i have to handle or teach her most things...leaving her with both or sometimes even 1 baby too long will result in full blown panic attacks...i didnt want any children...we had two accidents... literally both of them became children...i told her... practically begged her not to go through with it but ultimately its her body...our relationship suffered through her first pregnancy...mostly due to hormone imbalances and her being impossible to deal with...some being that we were struggling to get by, lost our apartment and both of our jobs...had to leave work to care for her and eventually my son because she had become so depressed...
Almost get back on our feet when the accident happened...we lost everything again... finally after almost 3 years we get the money from a car accident where some kid rear-ended us into the back of an SUV...we were the only car that couldn't drive away(car ended up being totalled) and since it was Sunday and mothers day the tow yard near my house was closed so they took me 20 minutes in the opposite direction and left us at a Denny's...months of physical therapy...the car was a week old and had insurance for a day...wifes grandmother bought it but refused gap insurance so then insurance wouldn't cover the full cost of the car...the nicest thing weve ever owned...
We used the settlement money to move to Oregon thinking we could afford it better and to rescue my friend who was living outta his car due to a long story...we eventually found a nice two bedroom duplex in salem and everything was really nice for little...then my friend started struggling and winter hit and we realized we had like plastic windows and holes and only like these ancient floor heaters that sucked up all the electricity and sent our bill through the shitty roof...the rats got in the walls and ruined the stove...the fridge stopped functioning...it became inhabitable and the owner would do nothing so we knew our tax returns were coming and we paid last month already so we put in our 30days and started looking for a new place...they ended up sending our tax return on the 15th(the first possible day) and on that very same morning the bank closed our overdrafted account with no notice... which caused the money to be sent back for a 21day processing period...so we had nothing....the only place we had to go was san diego(home) to crash at my sister in laws place until the money came. Since the money came over 2 months ago...we have yet to find someone to rent to us...they all want 2.5-3.5x rent probably income for at least three months 680 fico score and they wont rent a studio or a one bedroom to us because we're too many people...not to mention everywhere wants 35-55per person for application fees...
My wife got some of her Medications from a friend because we lost our health insurance coming down here again so she was without meds...she had an episode and took too many ativan which really wasnt that much...she took it all over like 12-24hours but she was out of it and saying crazy shit to her support network and they panicked and called the cops...she gets placed on a 72hour hold where they give her THREE TIMES the amount of ativan she took...she was never in danger...she didnt have enough to be in danger... but now were dealing with CPS breathing down our necks....
We made a post in a local group pleading for help and someone contacted us about a place out in rural SD they were fixing up and would rent to us...so i spent a good amount of money getting our stuff from Oregon in preparation have the money saved and they just disappeared... finally they contact us again and we agree to move in on the 22nd... morning of they text us backing out...so now we spent money on a hotel to get us to that point so we had no money to get into a place and no where to go so weve user most of our money to get into a hotel until Friday...were trying to make it to the first so we have money to move in somewhere...but idk how were gonna do it...my wife...shes so sad...shes a fuckkng wreck and honestly i am too ive just been crying for days...i barely sleep hardly eat and i struggle to stay positive for my children...
And i have a packed uhaul trailer i was supposed to return last week and a broken down van...

And this is just the recent stuff...not even all the little problems i constantly deal with...or all the terrible shit that came before this...

Ive had people proposition my wife for sexual favors in return for a house...ive had people try to scam me...people who put me in the worst possible position...i dont know if i can handle this political climate or the future of our planet or most importantly my family...ive always had my suicide in check because i knew I couldn't abandon my family...
Chris Cornells suicide has fucked up that thought process for me...ive been thinking about it a lot...
Im never gonna fucking be chris cornell...he had a life and that didn't stop him...he was loved and needed and had resources to survive comfortably and he couldn't even see the point...what fucking hope do i have...im so mad and just devastated and i just want it to stop... this is torture...people shouldn't have to live like this...i just want a fucking home...i just wish someone could help me because at this point in my life i doubt i will ever be able to do it myself....

I have sob stories that could fill stadiums but ive never been one to whine...i just...i cant do this anymore...im so fucking dead inside