I'm starting to not care anymoreMy situation isn't that bad but it feels like it's hopeless. I really hate admitting this because it makes me feel less of a man but I can't find work to support myself. It's less about the money and more about the purposefulness. I have nothing in my life. 

My daily routine consists of driving my girlfriend to work in the morning, coming home to apply to jobs and talk to recruiters then lying in bed with my shotgun wishing I could do it. I don't keep it loaded but I used to and I'm afraid that one day I'll start loading it again. In a sick way it calms me down knowing that I have some control over my life - knowing that I could end my life at any moment.

I've been collecting unemployment so the bills have been ok but I'm not making any progress with my student debt. To make matters worse, I use marijuana to manage panic attacks. Looking for a job means I can't smoke pot - but I slip up every now and again because I don't know what to do with myself. I had a contract lined up but I couldn't pass the drug test. I was told that I lost the contract yesterday and I'm still kicking myself in the ass. I got two other rejection letters today which set me off. The last time I smoked was the 13th and I think I'm in the clear if I need to take another drug test.  I wish I wasn't such a deadbeat who needs to smoke in the first place.

My lethargy starting to spread into everything I do. I used to be the kind of person who could take this in stride and rise above it but I'm just losing the will to live. I had a networking event that I tried to go to but when I arrived I nearly broke down and cried. I went home instead. I just can't do this anymore. I've been in the same position for the past year and I feel like I'm always going to be this loser. I have therapy set up for the 2nd but I feel like I won't make it that long. I can't call the suicide hotline because the last time I did they called the police.  


The only thing that kept me from killing myself is my girlfriend because she needs me. I drive her to work and have the apartment and manage the bills in my name. I know if I do kill myself my girlfriend wouldn't be able to survive and she would kill herself too.