IdkI should be so happy right now, but I’m not. Why can’t I just have fun like my friends can? Why do I always feel so alone in crowded rooms and why do I always exclude myself on purpose? Why can’t I just hang out with multiple people without genuinely wanting to kill myself every single time? People are just so much. I just want to cut everyone off and not think about them ever again. Or just not think in general. God I think so much. I hate thinking. The worst part is that my friends love me so much. Why do people love me so much? I don’t even do anything. Sometimes I wish I was that kid that disappears into the background. But I’m not good at being her. I mean I’m partially really good at being her, until I make friends. The only reason I’m alive is because I feel bad for dying. There’s nothing keeping me going. Even though I love my close ones dearly, there’s just nothing in this life for me. Nothing makes me happy. Nothing makes me feel anything really. I just want to lock myself in my room and never talk to anyone ever again. That would be nice. Maybe I should just disappear for a while. Self made mental ward. But I get to keep my goddamn shoelaces. It’s a miracle I haven’t cut myself in a while. I think I will again. I just crave it I guess. My arm is itching and I scratch it but it just doesn’t do the same. This isn’t a dumb metaphor it’s actually like that. Maybe this year is the year I finally end it all. I don’t think it will be, since I’m a huge pussy and I really can’t do that to people. But a girl can dream I guess. What a sad thing to look forward too. I should be looking forward to the weekend with my girlfriend, our six month anniversary. Or to hanging out with my friends whom I’m literally with right now. I think I may start doing drugs and drinking too. I’ve been avoiding it for eighteen years now. I don’t know how long I can hold it out anymore. I just don’t want to feel like this anymore. I really can’t keep going like this. I’ve been like this for longer then I can remember. It’s so hard. It’s so fucking hard. Maybe this world just isn’t for me. That’s okay right? This society just isn’t for me, and I’m so sick of trying to change it to be for everyone. It’s so tiring. Everything is so tiring. Waking up every morning is so tiring. I don’t know what I can do to make life less tiring anymore. I just don’t. I don’t even want to die, I just don’t want to wake up every morning anymore. I just don’t want to have to think. I just want to be thoughtless and happy. That’s all I want.