Cry for helpAlright this is gonna be a long one.
I wanted to share my story and ask for help before I go and jump.
But lets start the story:
I had bad parents. These type of parents who would rise their kid THEIR way and not the normal one. They always expected something better from that what I did and always said that I  will be a failure and loser if I dont be better than the others. My dad also used to blame stuff on me I didnt did and because I was a small kid noone would say anything.
Already a little bit broken I started going to elementary school and these years were pure hell to me. I was a active kid and became friends quick with someone other kids but my teacher saw something else in me. She saw a mentally ill hyperactive little freak who loves to read. 
She would always tell my mother how "to active" I am and that I should go to a Doctor.
At the end my parents bought me to the doctor and my tiny child brain already told me "You. Are. NOT. One. Of. Them.
This went on for good 3 years till the doctor himself said that i am perfectly fine and didnt need anything in the first place. 4th grade was chill tho
My grades were pretty mediocre but my dad...
He wanted that I was the best student in FUCKING elementary. He wanted to talk to the teachers whomst I have lessons with and there was this one teacher who HATED me! For no god damn reason! He would always find a way to make me look bad or try to make my grades worse. She got kicked out of the school for screaming at a kid how stupid he was when I was in 7th grade.
Anyways..
5th grade beginns... woohooo
To my suprise I had the nicest teachers on the whole school. They would help us, be friendly and would do anything for us to get good grades but of course, there has to be a bully and to my Surprise this bully was a friend of mine since kindergarden.
He started easy, cracking Jokes about other people (including me) but went more physical when no teacher was around.
We immediately (Gosh I hate that word) went to a teacher and told them everything. 
Bully got suspended for 3 days.
The rest of the year was actuall pretty chill
But lets move on to Grade 6-8. The worst ones so far.
We had these little workshops were you could go after school and do dun things like art or music. At this time I wanted to make my parents proud. They told me that I should learn to play the guitar and even bought me one. These Idiots bought me a 4/4 Guitar. For a 6 grader. Even my Guitar teacher (Really chill guy enjoyed a lot playing with him) told them that I need a smaller guitar. What did my dad said? "I dont want to waste money on a bigger guitar when he grows up.".
I had this lesson for a good year and then quited.
I also got a bad exam back oncw and was scared to death that my dad would beat me up (now that I think about it, a C- isnt that bad). To my luck one of my teachers noticed how fearsome I was for the rest of the day and talked with me. I told them how my dad would beat me up because I bought a bad grade home and that I am a failure. Both of my class teachers wanted to talk with me and my dad. To my bad i cant remember most of it since I try to forget everything that was in the past.
8th grade was probaly the most normal one. My parent didnt putted me under stress and I could relax easily
7th grade begins. My relaxing made my grades bad and I decided to go to work again. I tried my best to be better but it wasnt enough. Thats when I started to fell sad. I had bad thoughs about beeing a loser and that I will never be anything. My mother, a good lady, was my only hope back then. She would tell complimants noone told me before and made me happy.
Moving on to the 8th grade.
My dad started to become more of a asshole, telling me things about my body and other stuff. My mom couldnt helped me in that situation no mather how hard she tried. I started to see how my good thoughts started to turned into bad thoughts. 
Become more sad I tried to change. Change my look and all that stuff.
Finished 8th grade with good grades and then the summerholidays start.
We always go to our family whomst lives 183274627 km away from where I am so we had a long ride, oh yes! 4 people in one full car for 3 days with someone like me is awesome!
We arrived at the end and the first thing I hear from my uncle was: "You got fat and look at your face!" (Had a terrible acne back then)
Stopped eating anything except vegetables and the comment they made make me still angry today.
Summer vacation ended and I got extremly thinner even my classmates where suprised.
9th grade begins. 
It was fucking hard. We had a exam almost every week and what did my 14 year old me do? Play video games 24/7.
I got quite depressed in this period especially since my father makes new jokes about me or copied the way I would walk extremly weird.
Not only did my dad did this, no it started in school too. People would make jokes about me until I started to accept them.
Some random dude: "Hey Loser!"
Me: "Yes? It is I the loser."
They would laugh about it but it would hurt me deeply.
Speeding things up a bit.
I started to get sleep problems. I couldnt be able to be sleepy. My sleeprhymt got fucked up badly so I started with the late night gaming. I mean, what should I do when I cant sleep anyways.
My dad hated it. For some reason he thought that the interner wouldnt make me able to sleep so he turned off the internet which makes things for everyone in the house worse.
He keeps saying thst my phone would pretend me from sleeping which he completly made up. How tf should that work anyways?
At the end of 9th grade I started to get depressed. Didnt had to motivation to do anything. Didnt wanted to talk. Just wanted to be alone. But we have the 'NO CLOSING DOOR' rule which annoyes me more than everything in the world.
Finished 9th grade and my depression just got worse thought the holidays. Isolating myself from everyone wasnt so healthy as I thought.
My Parents and me still had a fight about my grades which were actuall good! But of course there had to be one thing that had to botherer him.
While everything else was in the C+ - A- places
Physik, the thing I hate the most, got a D+.
We got in a huge fight and at the end my dad just said "Alright, you know what? You will be nothing anyways so dont even try to continue.".
I texted my teacher and asked him if I could talk with him. We met up and I told him EVERYTHING. It felt good.
It is now the 4th week of my holidays and things have been badly. Because I rarely leave my room my dad gets very angry for some reason and we had a "talk". Didnt ended so well. He keeps calling me those negative things and today he treated me to beat me if I wont get out of the bed. I laughted at that comment and he went to my laptop and just pulled out the charger go wipe me with that. Took my laptop and charger away from me for not standing up.
I am so fucking done now. I know that their are people out there who went trought worse but I cant hold this anymore. For 9 years everyone made fun of me and make me feel bad. My own family hates me and I cant be better than I am.
I want to fucking leave that place called "home" forever and never look back. I have only 2 peopld talk to and both of them really try to help me. But I cant see amything good anymore. Everyday I walk trought the same bridge on my way to school and I have to hold me back not to jump down there, because Im sure that I will survive the fall.
Any tips or help?