Not sure if my behaviour is suicidal or fueled by anxiety.I will make this as brief as possible: I have had anxiety issues since I was approximately 5. I was bullied the first time I attended school and I guess I never really got over the agoraphobia and distrust of people's motives.

I have tried SSRI's (Which led to a suicide attempt and lack of ability to orgasm while taking them), beta blockers (did nothing), and CBT (a grown man with a pony tail tell me to breathe differently): nothing.

I am 30, at home with my parents, and leave the house only under the allure of a well paid day of work (I am self employed and can typically coax myself out of the house when the booking is lucrative), the end result is, I cannot even afford glasses, so I can't partake in my hobbies freely any longer, as any money I do earn is spent on transient happiness to try to make things feel better and gone in seconds. 

I am belittled by my family despite repetitive attempts over the years, (granted maybe once every year or two, but  i am not really the "LOOK AT ME I AM SAD" type for the most part) to explain what I feel.

I know I function better when I am on top of the causes of my anxiety, well, not so much the causes but the things affected by the always  looming anxiousness. I asked if my doctor could give me a few weeks of benzos to just try to clear up my backlog of responsibility, he declined and commented, "we can't do that here". I was referred to CBT again but missed my appointment as they ignored my request to receive a phonecall as I get too nervous to open mail. The doctor told me, when I explained I had not paid taxes for 3 years out of just pure inability to contact them and handle it, "I'm sure you will handle it before it's too late", yet here I am another year later. I tried to phone helplines to get someone to contact agencies in my place but apparently you have to be sectioned in order to be assigned an advocate.

Going on disability? Ha, I was on it, but when they cracked down and told me I was fit to work, I would have to defend myself at a tribunal in order to continue, yeah, ok, someone with anxiety issues is definitely going to opt for that.

I am not happy, I am trapped, I fantasise about suicide. For the last few months I have noticed a difficulty swallowing, and increased lethargy, the past few days I have spent in bed feeling very weak and my head pounding in a way I am not familiar with, yet I am not seeking medical attention. It is weird that even in this situation I won't seek help any more (maybe this post is seeking help? Rationally though I can see nothing of value to gain from posting here, I just want how I feel to be chronicled in the remote event that I am seriously ill), I am not sure if I am giving up or just too anxious to go outside. I am scared of things getting worse and more uncomfortable but beyond that, I don't really care.