False stability is collapsing. I'm just trying to hold together while I try to create an effective environment/treatment. It's really, really, really hard. I feel like this constant stress is gradually pushing me further into mild delirium, which adds so much confusion and compounds problems.(I'm sorry for how long this turned out to be. I mean all of it.)

I fear I can't hold together long enough to get solutions working. I can't go back down to that darkness. I won't allow myself to experience that again. I don't think I can allow myself to go back to a mental hospital. I have to get things working before I fall or I'm not getting back up again.

Loneliness is bad in general, but this crisis I'm going through, consolidating my childhood and adolescence, can not be survived alone. But it is why I am alone. It is why it's so hard to get effective help of any kind. It is why I am and have always  been cut off. Severed. My humanity is a failed expression.

Sometimes I feel like suicide is the only genuine response I can give the world.

I understand how cruel people can be. I understand how that cruelty can be ignored, tolerated, accepted and even enforced by individuals who are not cruel, and by individuals who are only sometimes cruel. I understand how inept and abusive vital systems in society generally are, even when access is provided. I understand how pity is a form of hate, and how often it is equated with compassion. I understand that some egregious insanity is always pervasive within any large culture. I understand that it is a person's responsibility to compensate and adapt for that in the life around them. I understand most are not strongly driven to do that, and that those who are tend to be persecuted, even as children--especially as children. As little experience as I'm given credit for as a 24-year-old shut-in, I understand how people can be cruel.

So sometimes I feel like the only fully honest act to perform is considerate suicide. To be aware of the things that make it so deeply painful to see the various forms of hate, and then to have that awareness pulled away by the various forms of hate: it seems like suicide might be an existential responsibility somewhere in that threshold of pulling-away.

I can't assume a limit to how far it can go. I have lost so much, so many times but there has always been something left even when it felt like there would be nothing. It seems like there is no way to accurately determine a point-of-no-return. But I must not let my spirit die before me.

This stress is tearing me up throughout. Since the facade of stability fell, I have barely been able to eat anything. I can barely take my dog for walks. It's degrading to be out walking alone with nothing but pain etched into my face and overall appearance. I can not take anymore denigration. I am able to persist only because a guilty father funds my dysfunctional living situation. The delirium is happening more often than ever.

I need real help. I made an appointment with a councilor for two days from now. I hope he can help me get something going. But I need more than weekly visits to a therapist. I don't know what to do.