seriously considering suicide yet a g a i nhi hi- i usually feel suicidal at least a couple of times a day but it's hitting strong again rn and idk what to do anymoooore- my therapist is on break, i cant do phone calls to call the hotline, and every time i try the hotline's stupid online chat i dont get connected even if i wait for hours. every time i find something to live for or have motivation, it goes away really fast. for example: yesterday night i was using this organization online notebook app to create a bunch of schedules and plans and i was so ambitious and i was like "im gonna get my life together and start two businesses and write a novel and lost weight and blah blah blah" and then i crashed today. i dont understand bc i have these moments where im super ambitious and motivated and i create these grand plans and schemes and i dream big and i feel like im on top of the world and can do anything if i try and then within the next hour im looking up how to kill myself again. i cant get anything done because as soon as i start to feel good the suicidal thoughts creep in and then what? how the heck am i supposed to improve as a person IF EVERY TIME I FEEL BETTER I FEEL THIS WAY AGAIN. i am really frustrated at myself and that makes me even more suicidal and it's just a terrible cycle. no one replies to these stupid reddit posts anyway but i have no one to talk to without feeling bad idk what to do anymooooore. the only dreams i have for the future are super ambitious (ex. being an author or working as an announcer on a radio station) and i am going to be a senior in a few weeks so i am out of time. i already screwed up so much that i should just kill myself since i just dont have enough time to fix things. i feel so numb i cant even cry right now. i dont know what to do i dont know why im here on heckin reddit of all places im so close to just breaking completely. i dont think i can hold it together anymore. i dont know what to do. im such an ungrateful, negative, disgusting, unworthy piece of garbage. i dont know what to do aaaa