I started writing and just couldn't stop...It just won't stop.  I have been trying to force myself to be happy for the past 12 years.  The most fucked up part is that people actually believe I am a happy individual.  My parents have been out of the picture since I was 17, my extended family helped me out for a while, but there is only so much they can do.  My sister identifies as a caregiver to me, she abused me much of my childhood, she thinks we have a great relationship...we talk about 3 times a year, and might see each other for 6 days out of the entire year.  When we do talk it is always the exact same conversation, and when we see each other she is able to treat me like a human being for about 30 minutes before treating me like a stray dog that made its way into her living space and shit all over the place.

My life has been a broken record for the past decade, I dropped out of school when my mother was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.  I helped my mom in whatever ways I could but I was still a child myself, I broke off relationships with everyone around me and found myself alone, watching my mother slowly die.  My father died when I was around 4 or 5, my family found not talking about it to the best option, and I never attempted to seek out help, nor was any ever offered to me.  As my mother’s health deteriorated I found myself uneducated and depressed, it was concluded by my family I would either move in with an aunt and uncle I had met maybe 3 times before, or my abusive sister.

The first day I walk into my sister's small flat it is apparent I am not going to be happy there, no internet, no TV, I don't know anybody and my sister won't even call me by my name.  I was now 'boy' or 'stupid' whatever she feels like calling me.  I had no belongings for 3 years of my life, I was told to go to back to an inner city technical school and graduate.  I didn't make a single friend, I went to a few classes that I enjoyed, reading was my only outlet.  I lied to my sister about my attendance, lied to my teachers about ailments, as I was of an age of consent no one could really force me to do anything at school.  I passed a few classes, my sister deemed me useless and explained I needed to get a job.  Instead of helping me with time management, school work, any sort of life management, my sister just took out her anger on me, blamed me for her stress and told me I was ruining her life.  I was kicked out and told to find a job.

I lost a lot of weight as my cooking experience was putting bread into a toaster.  I worked hard and made decent money busing tables, I was able to support myself.  My sister had promised to pay my rent and phone bill, as she did neither of these I found myself paying my rent.  As she was the only person I spoke to, and our conversations were often about how shitty of a person I am, my phone bill quickly stopped being paid.  I started to find joy in small parts of life, I would go for walks and enjoy nature and the areas around me.  Although my sister told me to do whatever the fuck I want, this was not an acceptable life path in her opinion.  I was sent to stay with the aunt and uncle I hardly knew.

This was probably the best option all along, I was encouraged and a schedule was actually implemented in my chaotic life.  I graduated school and was accepted to a university, still being called 'boy' 'useless' and 'stupid' over my actual name my self-esteem had never recovered.  I left for university to a blur of binge-drinking and self-loathing, as all order in my life had stepped out the door, I found myself back into old habits.  

I'm alone again, the aunt and uncle who cared for me are aging and I feel like much more of a burden on them.  I live about 3 hours away from them, we don't talk very often as they didn't like the person I became in university.  I work a shitty job that refuses to pay me a salary that I can live off of (literally, I ask my boss for more hours and a bullshit explanation of "its policy we only give you 32 hours" while people hired after me are given full time hours) I am constantly handing out resumes and applying to absolutely any job I see hiring, no one will hire me, no one will even interview me.  I got fucking denied from a McDonald's.  My sister has received the full amount of our inheritance, it was expected by our extended family that this money be put to use to get me through my remaining ONE FUCKING YEAR OF SCHOOL.  But my sister (who has a master’s degree and a job in her field) straight up told me she didn't want to keep renting apartments, so she was going to buy a house.  I had no say in this, and now I live in a three story house with around 20 other people.  That's not a typo, I'm about 98% sure it is illegal for my landlord to cram this many people into a single house, but regardless it has happened.  My boss schedules me to work every Friday and Saturday night (10pm-6am) and doesn't appreciate the fact that I break my back working these shifts and come in Monday morning at either 10am or 2pm ready to work again after leaving at 6am Sunday.  My sister keeps trying to talk to me, we only communicate through e-mail, she won't even read the shit I write...she just responds with the same shit, "GO BACK TO SCHOOL, BOY.  WHAT ARE YOU STUPID?" "Yeah sister I'm a fucking idiot, sorry I can't survive off of, and pay for my $6000 university education with -800 dollars a month...."  Doing the math, if I’m lucky I make 9600 dollars (I don’t, I make less) so I have 3600 to pay rent, feed myself, buy my school supplies, and then I say fuck my phone bill, fuck doing laundry, fuck the internet, if I live on the street I have a fighting chance at being able to afford going to school.  (important to note I have maxed out the amount of money for my student loans!)

I don't even know anymore, about anything.  I just want to end myself.  I don't have a single friend; my family is fed up with this constant onslaught of shit.  I am stuck in the withering hold of poverty, and no one cares enough to help me.  When I am done crying myself to sleep at night, I dream about being diagnosed with a terminal disease so I can either die or apply for physician assisted suicide…  I can't imagine someone reading this, but if you did thanks for listening.  Just typing this out makes me feel like a real person again.