I moved back with my dad to help him fight cancer and it was a mistake - he's ruining my lifeMy relationship with my dad has never been amazing, but I worked hard to improve it after I moved out. My relationship with my mom was similar, and I got a lot closer with her before she passed away. Things improved a lot with my dad - he started actually listening to what I had to say instead of just lecturing all the time, he seemed to care about what I was doing with my life even though it's very different from what he's interested in.

Then he got diagnosed with cancer. He's scared, he's angry, he's freaking out, and he's taking it all out on me. That was 8 months ago or so, and I've never felt more worthless than I do now. I'm honestly ready to end my life because he's torn down everything I built after moving out. I overcame depression, social anxiety, regular anxiety, and panic attacks to become a functional adult and now I'm back in this pit of despair. Except now I'm also buried in credit card debt and I have no income. I'm trying to get a job but it's hard when you have a huge gap in your employment. 

I had a wonderful, supportive girlfriend but it was too much. I became angry, frustrated, and I ruined things with her. She left and I don't blame her for leaving. She did the right thing to take of herself, something I could never do. 

So now I'm broke, 32 years old, with no one and nothing going for me. I can't spend another 10 years rebuilding myself, I'm just not strong enough. I'm just tired of hurting. I'm tired of the pain. I just want it to be over. I just want peace. I don't care that killing myself would hurt my dad, he's a fuckhead and he deserves to be hurt. A few months ago I started hoping that either the cancer would kill him or he'd go into remission, but he's lined up for another 9 month cycle of chemotherapy and no one knows what that means. So fuck me.

I'm lost. I've lost myself. The person I am now is awful, and I can't live with who I've become. The person I am today doesn't deserve anything good, because I'm not only worthless, I'm hateful, I'm angry, and I'm an asshole. All I do is hurt the people I shouldn't hurt, and bend over backwards to take care of my asshole of a father who I shouldn't owe anything to.

I wish I'd moved to another country when I had money and a work-from-home job, but now it's too late. My life has no future.