I made a mistakeHi guys 23F here. A few months ago, I was going through my version of a difficult 2020 and generally a hard time. Here and there, I would consider offing myself and getting rid of it all, but of course the realization of being blessed with a working set of lungs, a family, friends, and a boyfriend always stopped me. Granted, my boyfriend and I were having the worst time possible and that's mostly where my self-loathing stemmed from. It felt like I was the cause of every inconvenience and every shitty thing he went through, and I felt undeserving and it didn't help that I kept fucking up over and over. I deeply considered ending my life. I thought of how I would do it, I did research, I thought about when I would do it and how not to make those around me very upset over the sight of my death. I really did, but I managed to talk myself out of it every time. At some point, my boyfriend and I got into a massive argument which resulted in us ending things. I sent him a series of texts, which he didn't respond to and in one of them I texted him saying "I attempted suicide in march." My mistake was that I didn't correct myself and say "I \*almost\* attempted suicide" because I didn't actually do it. Later that night he called me and mentioned the suicide thing, but the conversation kind of carried on to something else and I got distracted. He reminded me of the fact that I would be putting my family through hell and talked sense into me, which I knew and had come to realize by that point. It wasn't wise of me to mention it at all, because to him, it might feel like a suicide threat and might make him feel guilty thus alter the course of his actions. I realize I was trying to get him to understand where my head was at, but I approached it the wrong way. Point is, I never got to fully clarify that I did not in fact attempt suicide, I almost did. I don't want him thinking I'm unstable and suicidal, and I don't want to guilt him into getting back with me so I don't hurt myself. I now realize I would never kill myself. It's been months since him and I spoke, but we intend to in the near future because we realize that there's more to us than what happened that day. I want to explain that I could've clarified that I didn't attempt suicide sooner,  but I just didn't and I don't have a valid reason for why it took me so long and why I let it slide, when it was easier to stop myself from mentioning it or at least immediately correct myself.

Does anyone have any suggestions?