Anyone else really want to die but don't want to do it themselves. So you just fantasize?I'm just kind of curious if anyone else gets like me at the peak (or valley) of their depression. I just start fantasizing about all the ways I wish I would die, like something out of a great novel or movie. I'm too much of a coward to actually do anything to myself. I held a gun to my head a while back, and choked. Nobody stopped me, I just couldn't pull the trigger. I don't want to be alive anymore though. I just don't. I feel like a zombie. Like I'm alive just for the sake of not being able to die, but I have no real purpose, no real reason to be. I don't even want to go to work anymore, but am also afraid that my co-workers will realize there is something wrong with me if I just stop coming, so I show up and just count the minutes until I can go home. Then I go home, and just sit here, doing nothing, and wondering why I thought this is better than work. 

I fantasize about dying heroically, dying in a really dramatic depressing way, or sometimes even just about getting sick. Some days I can't even eat or drink anything, and just think about what it'd feel like to waste away like I had a terminal illness. It's not like a teenage angst thing though. I don't think about the aftermath, or my funeral, or all the people who'll miss me (even though in reality I have nobody like that, my family fell apart years ago). I just fantasize about things right up until the point of death. It's not even a fade to black. The fantasy just ends because I know it's not a fade to black, it's the end of existence. There is not eternity in the void, as so many people seem to imagine if they're atheists.

And the worst/best part is how beautiful those deaths are in my head. I know reality doesn't work that way, but in my head I can go gracefully. I usually imagine a conversation too. Even though I don't have any close attachments, I imagine meeting a coworker or something the day before, or while I'm dying, and just going out with some kind of tragic soliloquy, or some kind of clever wordplay that means more to me than them, because they never know I'm dying. 

Sorry, I don't know what the point of this is. I just feel really low right now, and I can't think of anything else to do or worth doing, so I thought I'd just post to see what people think. 

Edit: I also keep finding myself wanting to laugh. I'm not sure why. I don't feel like anything is funny, I just sometimes feel like there's nothing else to do. Like if I don't laugh I'm going to end up crying.