I just need a hug at this pointI am so tired.


I know people don’t hate me, it’s my mind lying to me.


I know my mind lies to me slog but I am so tired.



I know I should just call someone up but honestly I am not really gonna kill my self anytime soon this week so I don’t want to wake them up at 12 am just because I felt useless and worthless and like they hate me but they somehow are stuck with me cause I have alcohol and other connections for them to get high and party. 



I can’t even let myself call them my friends now cause honestly I know myself, I am not gonna let them get near me and even if they do I am gonna run away. 


I am so exhausted of being alone and feeling like every single person who sees me, hates me that I just can’t do this alone.




Honestly, I miss the days when I had the guts to suicide. I wish my first OD actually killed me instead of me puking tf out.



I don’t even know what’s true anymore. Was my mom even abusive or was I just an over sensitive kid or it was just normal for all parents to be like that?



But hey I keep remembering the first time I wanted to kill my self (or that I remember of). I was 5 years old, it was my sister’s birthday. All the cousins were there and my aunts and uncles. My sister used to always hit me (and she is 2 years younger than me) and that day she tripped infront of everyone in the family because she and I were playing a game and running. 



I don’t even know why my dad scolding me (for something I didn’t do) made me want to die so badly.




I remember the day my sister had to go to doctor because of a trap I set up for my mother, so she could stop hurting me and possibly be injured enough to stop making me want to kill myself. 



I don’t even know why but I have always hated myself and wanted to kill myself. It’s all I remember. The earliest memory of me being suicidal is when I was 5 years old, I am almost 19 now and I just hope I had done it correctly atleast once because now I can’t attempt anymore. I am too tired for that. I can’t do that again. 


So I am just forced to exist, I am addicted to cutting once again, I am addicted to smoking also. But hey atleast I reduced the drinking to numb everything out.