LosesHey, over the past few months I’ve lost things that made me who I am and now my identity and will to live is gone. I had to leave school over financial reasons, move back home, me and my best friend/ girlfriend of 2 years  separated and it was completely my fault. I wanted to marry her. Now  I’m not allowed any where near her. I can’t even drive by myself for the time being my license is suspended over some bullshit law. I’ve been having flashbacks of sexual abuse from when I was a kid, me and my mothers relationship isn’t the best, I feel completely alone. Even tho I should feel closer to everyone I love at this point in my life I still feel really fuckin alone ya know.  The focal point and the light of my life has been taken one by one and now it’s just empty.  I battle with self harm on a daily basis. I can’t even wear short sleeves outside or at work because of the scars it’s left. I’ve never been this depressed in my entire life. It hurts more because the light at the end of the tunnel turned out to be a giant Forrest fire. I have serious problems that’s effect myself and my relationships and now I’m paying the price of being alone. 2 months ago I never saw it like this. I never saw myself with no license no school no studio no friends no girlfriend. I’ve attempted before by slitting my wrist but it didn’t work. So now idk. I don’t trust myself being this alone and the support I had is now gone for a very very long time if not forever. And I’m at that point of giving up on life and trying to kill myself again. I feel like a burden and a pain to everyone around me. I never do enough or I do the wrong things or I stress people. I have good intentions but the darker sides of my psyche get in the way. Being abused and emotionally neglected for most of my childhood I feel like I have to constantly fight these demons in my adult life. I’ve lost everything due to the fact that I’ve abused others the way I’ve been abused. It isn’t fair to anyone. I’ve tried so hard to change and to stop being this shitty person but I always have and always will be an insecure ass loser. So I’m not really interested in living anymore due to the fact that everyone and everything has left my life and it’s my fault. It’s all my fault. But I understand I need help. Serious help not just a positive YouTube video or to numb the pain with drugs and sex, but some years of professional therapy. I want my happiness back. My confidence my self esteem my will to live my creativity my girlfriend my best friend(s) my money my license my freedom my sense of self. I attempted to hang myself but it wasn’t with a strong leather belt so after a few seconds it just broke and I fell to the floor. So now that I’m alive I’m not sure what else to do. I want to get better. I need to get better. I’ve been depressed and suicidal for almost a decade and I just want to breathe for once. From childhood to now it’s just been a crushing weight and I’m gasping for air any breathe of “ it’ll be okay you’ll be fine” cuz every time I think it’ll be okay I’m severely disappointed... I wish I wasn’t who I am. I’m no good to the people in my life and a lot of people were no good to me. I wish I didn’t let this bad events manifest itself inside of me so deeply but here they are. Yes this is vague I didn’t want to go into to much detail. I just feel relief writing about it a little since it’s been bottled up. So since I’m alive I’ll try my best to remain healthy mentally even tho it’s so easy to do the wrong thing and ignore my problems. But if I want anything I care about back I can’t keep letting my demons control me. Thanks r/suicideWatch for existing. 