I just want to stop hurting.Female/22. I'm really scared. 

I have a wonderful boyfriend whom I love with everything I can muster. He is just an amazing, amazing person and I love having him in my life. I put him on a bit of a pedestal, but I really just have a strong admiration for his character. I respect him a lot. And on good days, we have a lot of fun together. I love spending time with him.

But I'm sad. I'm just... always sad. And nothing he does seems to make it stop. 
I don't want to try new things. Or even if I really *do* want to, I feel physically sick if he tries to pull me out of my comfort zone at all. My "comfort zone" is usually my bed or his, with a laptop and whatever food I'm craving at the time. Fine, in moderation, but this is no way to live life. I don't want to spend my youth wasting away in front of a computer. But the second he comes up with an idea, even if I'm all gung-ho about it, the headaches and stomach cramps start, anxiety kicks in, and I just want to go home. It makes him miserable. I know it does. What a weight to put on the one you love...

He's very social and I love that about him, but I'm so anxious around people that I'm uncomfortable in crowds. But then I get jealous and feel rejected if he tries to go out and have fun on his own. I feel ashamed that I'm not better for him. I *want* to be the social butterfly I once was. I want to put myself out there and relax and have a good time. I want him to see that side of me and fall in love with me all over again, but it never works. Even when I'm putting on a happy face, he knows it's not real. 
In general, I feel insecure, like I'm just not good enough for him. Deep down, I know that this person isn't me. I feel like I'm trapped in the body of someone who is depressed and I feel so powerless.

The past several weeks, he's started to express his worry about our fundamental differences: my need for comfort and his love of the unfamiliar. He thrives off adventure, he loves not knowing what a day will bring. But in order to keep from freaking out, I need things to be planned and prepared and cautious. We love eachother, but this is a major, major deal-breaker.

I would *love* to relax and let go and go on adventures with him. I have always wanted to travel and eat strange foods and meet interesting people, but I feel like I just don't have the strength. Knowing this, he feels it's best to call it quits. He wants to live his life and I am holding him back. He has tried to break up with me at least twice this month. 

I don't know what to do. All I can do is cry. I ran the sharp edge of a pocketknife down my arm tonight and it felt like a small release. 

I don't know anything that I'm doing in my life, I feel like this is all there is. I can't pull myself out of this depression, and I'm tearing him down with me. I have no close friends, no job, couldn't put the effort into any degree and dropped out... I'm stuck in this small town. We were supposed to move to another city together and start over, but now he thinks it's best to go alone. He's going to leave me. He was the love of my life and I wrecked it.

I just don't see the point in living anymore. I can't try any more. It's too much. 

EDIT: I woke up this morning and read all of your replies and cried again because I'm so grateful. It just feels so good to know that it's not over. I have a doctor's appointment in two hours, so I will be back to let you know what she says. I'm nervous as hell and I can't stop thinking about my boyfriend, but I need to plug through this day. 
*Thank you* so much for responding to me. It must get overwhelming in this subreddit, but I feel like I came to the right place. 

EDIT 2: Well I went to the doctor and she diagnosed me as clinically depressed. She gave me a prescription for Cipralex, which I start tomorrow. I'm going to try to kick this. I'm going to try to be my own person again. Thank you for your encouragement and support. It means the world to me right now.