At another low point in lifeI'm an extremely antisocial person that usually prefers to be alone, but when I meet a girl I like, all of my usual lonesomeness comes into my conscious and I realize how pathetically alone I am.  I have a few friends but over the years I think I've distanced myself a lot from them.

Most recently, I've started hanging out with a girl I met online and have grown to like her possibly too much for my own good.  The first 'date' we had was lunch at taco bell, saw the Avengers, and walked around the mall.  I'm usually pretty terrible at having conversations especially with girls, but she's the perfect person for me to have conversations with.  We both like a lot of the same things and can relate to a bunch of stuff.  On saturday, we spent the entire day (with her friend) at a Ren Faire which neither of us had ever been to, but was an awesome experience.  After the Ren Faire, we went and saw a shakespeare play at the park which was also surprisingly awesome.  During this whole time however, I was extremely nervous about flirting or showing any sort of affection at all.  I kept telling myself I should try to rub her back during the play or something, anything, but never did.  At the end of the night, I kept telling myself to at least ask her before I left "May I kiss you goodnight?"  But I ended up pussying out and just saying goodnight.  I can't really tell if she's actually interested in me or not and that's what's really bugging the crap out of me.  If she's not interested and just talking to me to be nice, then I get the harsh feelings of literal forever alone-ness.

I want to message her and just straight out say that I like her alot and want to know if she thinks the same about me, but I don't know how to word it or if it would only scare her away or maybe I'd learn the truth and she really doesn't like me.

Not only that, but I start an internship this Tuesday, which I'm not entirely sure on the details of what I'm supposed to do when I get there.  I'm continually building up more and more anxiety, and I was actually crying for the first time in several years from the weight of all this.