To anyone who wonders why: an explanation, not justification.\- All our lives are our own and our own alone; no one can own another's life, nor command they live it. - 

I am empty, eroded away by years of trauma, hatred, loneliness, shame and loss. I have severe complex PTSD, depression, anxiety, self-esteem and identity disorders. While this is true it is not the full story. I am a person who suffers because my life was marred by violence; I am not merely a label or a cluster symptoms. After 27 therapists and dozens of pills and I'm no better - if anything I'm worse. My every waking moment is poisoned by mental anguish and painful memories. All my energy goes into keeping myself together, vetting my thoughts and feelings, and weighing the evidence I can collect. After years of this exhaustion, and with no end in sight, it I cannot manage life any longer. The "coping skill", "mental exercises", "mindfulness", and so on are more or less a sick joke in the face of my daily struggle; like bandages on a hemorrhage. And I have been bled dry.

Most people have moved on, tired of my problems; I cannot blame them. My family is no longer a part of my life, as we parted ways on awful terms years ago. There are a couple of people still in my life, but they are utterly at a lose to help me, though I commend their tenaciousness; it drains terribly them to try and the cannot provide any help. They too are drifting away. I've lost a lot of people to drugs and social-ills. I am largely alone now, and I am unable to connect to people any longer. 

I was once brilliant, with a genius level IQ (for what such measurements are worth), and a gifted artist. Now I can hardly think clearly, and my artistic muse hung itself years ago. I struggle to hold a job. I bounce from office to office, trying to keep my head down, but I always ending up overworked and the butt of office bullying and harassment until I can't take it anymore and quit. I've always been bullied, since I was 4 or 5 years old. Growing up I was abused by adults and children alike; I was beaten many times, and raped before puberty. Being small, sensitive, and physically deformed from birth always seemed to be a recurring justification for my treatment. I suppose this has left me bitter and jaded, though I have tried not to let it color me too much. 

I am unable to hold a romantic relationship, and I have never been able to do so due to multiple violent sexual traumas. The loneliness and absence of intimacy aches awfully. Many people see me as a loser for this, and treat me as such. I am a pariah in my community. I don't not know if this is right, but it hurts all the same. I tried for years to ignore how others treated me, but it's getting harder has I get older and watch my peers start amazing careers and loving families. I long for that, but I know I could not make it happen when 90% of my energy is spend just keeping the shattered pieces of my mind together. Perhaps sometimes it is the act of condemning people as crazy that makes them crazy

I am tired of being pathologized and dehumanized for being in pain. I am tired of the flashbacks, the nightmares, the painful thoughts and memories -  the waking horror that my life has become. I am tired to being looked down on and judged as an inferior. I am tired of being utterly misunderstood and condemned for being different. I am tired of a mental health system that has done significantly more damage than good. I'm tried of the rat-race, and the meaningless work I do for meaningless money. I'm tried of the politics, and the endless struggle to keep my bank account full.  I'm tired of people expressing to me that they know more about myself than I do, and that I must be like them or face ostracism. I am tired of white-knuckling it day-in-and-day-out, wearing a fake face in public and at work until I can no longer tell where the mask ends and I begin. I'm tired of the endless bullying at work, when all I want to do is keep my head down and be left alone. I'm tired of waking up every day wishing I had not. I have no more tears left to cry, and too many broken knuckles.

Some have told me to turn to God(s), magic, or "alternative medicine", but I am of science and reason, and cannot trick myself into believing. My therapist says I need to find the right "fit", but therapy and psychiatry have proved useless, or worse damaging. The cost of these treatments is growing increasingly onerous, and my insurance provider has been less than helpful; my state appointed case-worker even less so. 

Overall it is like I've lost some essential piece of myself after all these years of suffering. It is hard to describe, and when I try people say I am mad, or that it is some delusion. I don't not know if this is true, but I know that the feeling of this absence -  the lack of this essential element of self that seems to allow others to feel, connect, and grow - hurts with tremendous force. I investigated BPD dialectical therapies as a solution, but found them grossly unhelpful and was asked to discontinue my treatment as it seemed inappropriate. 

There is not enough left inside me to start over, to reinvent myself. Life has hollowed me out, and I cannot find anyway to replace what has been lost. Often I feel like a zombie, or a hamster running on a wheel. I have no purpose, no connection, no meaning, nothing to justify life with such pain.  

The chronic pain has left me numb, and I have progressively lost my emotional capacity to experience the full range of human emotions. I've considered abandoning my material life and living in the mountains until I succumb to the elements, but this seems like a painful and protracted form of suicide. I once turned to drugs and drinking, but these things provided me little solace so gave them up to avoid the prolonged form of suicide they too cause.

In the past people on Reddit responding to throwaway post have praised my strength for keeping myself together for so long, and perhaps in some ways they are right about this strength. But now that strength is spend, and the survival that some praise is more akin to the survival that roaches or molds engage in, rather than some noble endeavor. Make no mistake, my survival has been a depraved act that at times has been at the cost of other's well-being. I once mourned this fact, when I still felt that sort of sorrow. 

Now the time has come, and this life has proven to be more than I can cope with anyone longer. I hope others will learn from my experiences and will try to be more supportive and kinder to others before it is too late. If we can accept each other for who we are without the need to judge and control, collectively engage difficulties early on rather than burying them, build communities of real support and progressive thought, and reduce the impacts of poverty and "us vs them" thinking, people like me would not exist. I hope those who go on after me make a better world than the one that has irreparable shattered me. 

\- Just another broken soul, signing off. 