I don't want to die but I feel suicidalOk, I am an atheist and I don't believe in a lot of stupid shit other people believe, but I have no other choice but to  believe that I was cursed. My life is just a series of failures. I failed to win the genetic lottery, I am poor, ugly, short, autistic, stupid, unlucky.. I mean every single bad thing you can imagine- I have it. 

Childhood was hell, I didn't get enough food, I was circumcised against my will due to my stupid religious parents, school was hell too because I was bullied by several kids everyday, and now I am in my twenties and I have landed in an even worse hell- every second is mental torture, cptsd, ultra depression, suicidal thoughts.. it never stops.

Now I am struggling to even to get a minimum wage job because of my mental retardation. I just can't believe how bad my life keeps getting. I am so fucking poor I can't believe it. I am just a homeless man with a roof over my head. I never even owned a car and it drives me nuts. That's just poverty alone, I am unable to make any friends due to my stupidity and girls won't even look at me. I never even touched a girl in my life and you already know why. It's because no girl wants someone like me. 

This has to be some kind of mega curse created with some kind of satanic ritual, there is no other explanation for a person's life being this bad.  The question is why would someone target ME? Was I Hitler in another life?

The thing is I don't want to be miserable, misery wants me. All those years in school and bullying has created permanent scars in my soul and it's never gonna heal. I never was able to get back at the ppl who hurt me and probably never will. Life won't give me the chance. I can't forgive them either and I am sort of stuck in the past which makes every second a torture. I didn't wish to be born into this pathetic genetic failure of a human body. This isn't me. It hurts to be so helpless. 

All my peers are super successful and karma is bs. They never will suffer for causing me suffering. They got cars, money, gfs, jobs, everything. I am the only one out of my peers who is doing so horrible in life. It doesn't even make any sense because most of them were never good students. But somehow they graduated with good grades and got good jobs or inherited big money from their parents. One of the fuckers was driving in a fancy car and saw me and rolled down the window and said "How's it's going sucker? Enjoying your sad life?" I was about to go to jail if I didn't restrain myself. There are lots of incidents like this. I won't go into details because it hurts me to even think about them.

Sometimes I go through episodes of chest pain and yesterday I fainted due to excessive emotional stress. It hurt like fuck and I collapsed on the floor for like 30 seconds. I just can't handle this pain anymore. It burns my heart. No one, I mean no one can help me. I don't want to die but I feel suicidal. Wish I could end this mess of a human life. But I am just too much of a coward to handle the physical pain that's gonna come with killing myself. If I hang myself it's gonna hurt worse than hell for a good 4 to 6 minutes before I die. I am not man enough to handle that kinda pain.

No one is meant to suffer like this. I will never get my justice and the world will just keep on moving like nothing happened. I was raped by life.