All the good times are over.Hello everyone. I am a female and 13 years old. I just need a place to get everything out, even if no one sees this.

All my life, I have been the most happiest, little girl around. I would always be smiling (especially from 5 y/o-10 y/o.) 

My parents, family, and friends have been extremely helpful in this.

During the past 3 years, my life has progressively gotten worse. When I was 11, something horrible and very personal happened to me. It never struck me that it was coming soon, but oh gosh it did. I cried non-stop after that, after it lasted a whole year. During that year, I tried to act as "young as possible." I tried to make my voice higher, I pulled out my shirt all the time so no one could see my developing-breasts (I didn't want to wear a bra because, in my mind, "bras were for adults!!" I also constantly tried being as nice as possible, because supposingly "teenagers and adults are really moody and rude, and if I even say "no," i'll be like one of them." I didn't even put any thought or care into how I looked, because looking pretty was "only for teens and adults."

Also, at 11, I had zero friends, ever since my best friend from K-5th Grade ditched me. I had people that I sat with at lunch, but they mostly joked with each other and skipped around me. I know that is not their fault, and I should have just said ***SOMETHING*****,** but I didn't. I didn't know why I just couldn't say anything, but later on I would find out this was because I have (diagnosed) anxiety.

Finally, this horrible personal-thing stopped happening, and as you could guess I was super happy!

Now at 12, things got a bit better, so I can't really complain much about this one. I moved to a new private-Christian school, and I would constantly miss my previously-mentioned best friend. People at my new school could pick up when I was upset though, and they were usually very supportive. They'd ask things like, "Are you okay?" even if I was just dazing off. The only bad thing about these people was that, they were EXTREMELY homophobic and well, not to bring politics into this but, pro-Trump. Being around all this toxicity was really disappointing and sad, but it wasn't a big factor in my depression.

The main problem (even though it was kind of small) was that at 12, I was counting down the days until I turned 13 (a teenager.) I was so worried about the inevitable, and everyone (including my therapist) said I couldn't stop this, and I would just have to accept it. (This kind of advice really didn't help at all.)

Then, came sweet 13. Oh, "sweet" 13.

Keep in mind, I have only been 13 for about for 3 1/2 months, so I may not have that much to say.

After my anxiety had kind of trickled away when I was 12, it came back hard (especially with all this Covid-19 stuff.) I was constantly worried for my family's well-being (which is natural, but I pretty much went over the top.) Also, I was constantly worried about my cats. I was worried whether they were outside at night, or whether I had seen them in the past hour. If I hadn't seen them in the past hour, I'd go on a hunt to find them. 

Now this got better, and right when I was almost out of my anxiety and depression, someone really close to me passed away. 

Now, they were already in super bad health, and my family was surprised that they lived another year. My family and I, being super religious, said that they were "now in a better place, away from all their pain. We will see them again"

But as many times as one can say this, it never fixes much (of course.) After they passed away, I was not only super upset about their passing, but I was also super upset about the well being of my family members. Now, I know I said I was concerned before, but this was a whole new kind of concerned. It was to the point that 80% of my day was spent thinking about their well being. 

Then I thought. 

"Back when I was 5, I didn't have to worry about anyone's well-being."

"Back when I was 8, I had my best friend beside me at all times, and every day was never boring."

"Back when I was 9, I didn't care what people thought."

"Back when I was 10, things were better."

Everything was better.

It's like the joy that I once had, had been sucked away. Now that smiling girl is a girl who puts on a mask and hopes that no one will see through it. 

The past couple of weeks, things haven't improved. Every night now, I cry myself to sleep thinking of the good times, and how no amount of fun or enjoyment now will ever bring me the amount of fun and enjoyment I had back then. It's a super upsetting thought to think about, but its true. And the future is only going to get worse. I have to worry (even more) about my aging family's health, I can't NOT care what people think, i'm sure my anxiety will get worse, and I just have to become more and more independent. I can't be a kid anymore. If I can't have that joy, what is the point of living? Why should I continue if everything is getting worse and worse? Wouldn't it just be easier if I... gave up?

Marayln, no your crazy. You can't think stuff like that. 

Oh but I do, and I can't stop. The negative thoughts out-do the positive ones. 

I can't think of an easy way to go, and my family and friends have been so good to me. I don't want to break their hearts. 

A couple of times I fantasize about standing on the edge of a rooftop, and then I imagine how much that would hurt. I can't really get any supplies, like a rope or anything, because I don't have my own card (luckily, this has probably saved my life in a way.) 

I probably shouldn't have played this one game, and I knew that I shouldn't have. It's called "Doki Doki Literature Club!" and it acts all cutesy at first, then progressively gets darker and darker. Suicide is a big thing in the game, as two of the girls commit it. One of the girls stabs herself in the gut and chest multiple times. I would replay this scene over and over thinking, "what if that were me?" The thought scared me, but calmed me in a way too. 

If I were going to go, I would have to either overdose or get some injection or something. Both are impossible to do, so I'm just kind of stuck here. Feeling like this. My family and friends don't know that I feel this way, I'm WAYY to scared to tell them. They wouldn't look at me the same way again. 

Well, that's all I have. Thank you so much for taking the time out of your day/night to read this. Typing this really helped me tonight. 

:-)