suicide is the only way out for me.hi, everyone. my mind is kind of lost right now.. anyways, i've just turned 15 years old, here is a little bit about me.

i've had an eating disorder for many years now, i first started purging when i was 8 years old. since then my life has consisted of either binging, restricting or purging. there has never been a normal day of eating.

my self harm also began when i was 8 but worsened horrifically when i was 10, and since 2016, i haven't gone a day without cutting.

my dad died unexpectedly in summer last year, i was the one who found him. he was taken to the hospital but died in less than 24 hours. the rest of my family - mother and 3 siblings - don't give a fuck about me. they only worsen my mental state.

i cut way too deep once, struck an artery, drank mineral spirit another time, tried to hang myself but the rope fell off of what it was hanging from. travelled 10 hours alone at night - half of which was walking - to a well-known suicide bridge and stood there for a while before heading back home, and my family didn't even notice i was gone at all.

my therapist cannot figure me out and has completely given up on me. i don't blame them, i've been a lost cause for such a long time now.. plus, i gave up on myself and life such a long time ago.

i have many many people - strictly online - who care deeply about me. i know that, even though they are getting sick of me because i am miserable 24/7. nobody wants to be around someone like that. i haven't been happy in such a damn long time, nor have i had even a happy moment.

i know that people care and some people will miss me, but it doesn't matter because my misery was never caused by something that anyone did or didn't do.
sure, people have worsened things a lot, but it was always just... me. i have always been the problem, or at least the problem resided within me. and it's not fixable or curable. i'm just fucked up.

but the most significant part is that.. i simply don't enjoy living. i just generally don't like life - i never have, even as a kid. life has always disappointed me and never lived up to my expectations. i don't have any desire to have a future. the world is just an awful place to be. even if there is some good in it, that will never, ever be enough to keep me around.

I'm that's okay, i'm not at all afraid of death. i know suicide is the answer in my case, and i'm entirely content with that.

thanks for reading, i honestly don't know why i made this post.. just felt right. sending love to anyone who needs it, thank you for listening.