Things only get worse in my life.Unlike some here I'm not committed to it yet. I want someone to talk me out of it.

I'm 17 and I have ADHD, only very recently diagnosed. I'm going into my senior year and I'm trying hard to find something positive in my life and I just can't manage anymore.

I'm lucky to have a group of 6 friends I've known for years. I'm only very close to one of them, but I know after HS I'll never see any of them again. Meeting new people and making friends will be pretty impossible for me. I make good first impressions and then never live up to them especially when people get to know me and realize I'm boring.

This all sounds really childish and trivial, but whatever. I do poorly in school because I never have the mental fortitude or motivation to do my homework, which I partly attribute to my ADHD. I have always tested very well but senior year and college are going to kill me with homework that I know I'll never do.

Romantically I just had my 'real' first kiss a month ago and came close to losing my virginity. Since then I've grown apart from that girl, who was essentially the last semi attractive girl in my school who I could ever have a chance with.

Altogether my future looks very bleak and I feel like I'm on the top of a hill looking down at a very steep drop. I might sound like an entitled, whiny shithead, and that might be what I am, but I don't want to feel anymore pain than I've felt in the last few years of my life.

I'm fit right now but once my metabolism slows down my lifestyle will catch up to me. My parents are narcissistic shitfiddles who act under the age-old guise of 'doing what's best for me' even though they're knee deep in debt and always buying new shit and forsaking me to my future. In every single way except for maybe mentally, I'm incompetent and will always be incompetent.

I've been going to a psychologist/therapist (which is actually where I had my ADHD diagnosed) and feel no better no matter how much I talk to him about my depression. I feel like I'm unable to open up to him even though there isn't really much left to open up about.

I lie way too much in my life to seem more interesting or more accomplished than I really am.

Nothing piques my interest anymore and I want to die. I am begging anyone to talk me out of doing this. This is the last help I feel I can seek.