About to be thrown out of medical school.I have my med school resits coming up in just over a week, and there's really no chance of passing at this point, and it's 100% my fault. I've already had to resit the year once, and here I am now 2 years later with nothing to show for it - and the worst part is that I have no explanation for why I couldn't sit down and do some work. I don't even have any friends or anything, I feel so lonely and I'm just a failure. And it's not even that I'm not interested, I *do* want to do this, I just feel incapable of motivating myself.

The worst part of it all is letting my family down. I know, and they've pretty much told me that this will ruin their lives. In their culture your kid fucking up is like a huge shame on the family, and all of their friends' kids are doing well, half of them doing medicine like I am/was, the other half doing equally prestigious stuff. I'm literally ruining their lives. My parents used to be happy together, and now they're not, and it's all because of me - they've said it themselves, I'm the only thing they ever fight about. My dad is the tough love type and my mom is the support type, and I feel worst for her because she's always there and all I ever do is let her down.

I don't want to do it anymore. I don't want to do this to them. Sure, it'll hurt them if I'm gone, but at least I won't keep hurting them again and again. And they've got my brother, who's always done everything right, who they can actually be proud of. I don't want to do it to myself either, I don't want to face the fact that I ended up amounting to nothing. I just want to end it. I've thought about sneaking out and just leaving a note. The only reason I haven't yet is because I don't want to hurt my family or for them to feel like they fucked up. I don't really know what I'm looking for, but I don't have anyone I could say this to in real life so I'll post it.

EDIT: Just read this and realised it might sound like 'messed up exams, now wanna kill myself', ie kinda ridiculous. It's not. I've never quite been happy, even when things have been going okay. I'm ridiculously lonely, I have no close friends and have spent the past year (and more before) pretty much just alone in my rooms. My parents have been on the verge of divorce recently, and it's because of me (for real - I've heard their fights, my dad blaming my mom for being too soft with me). My boyfriend lied to me repeatedly and spent the night before I had surgery insulting me, so I broke it off, he's never known about this side of me but it's one less person I have. I can see how my brother's changed and isn't the happy, carefree kid he once was, because of all this. My education was pretty much all I had and now that's gone too.