I turned 19 a few days ago. I wish I didn't.I don't get it. I'm living a fairly comfortable life, I have people who seem to love me enough to stick around, and good things seem to come to me even when I don't actively seek them. Why is it that I still would rather not exist anymore?

It's fucked up. I'm fucked up. I broke down in my bedroom as soon as the clock struck midnight when I realized that I was "celebrating" my birthday in isolation. I don't live with anyone else, I'm far away from family and friends, and I clearly still haven't healed from losing my dad last year. I meant to intentionally avoid the surprise my friends set up for me when I realized they were up to something, but I guess I no longer had to think of a lame excuse when an anxiety attack just swooped in right then and there.

I can't accept the good things that come to me because I suddenly feel like I'm a fraud. I feel like I've put up a front so well for so long that people can't separate the "good" from "me" when really, I'm worthless. I'm not actually worth jack shit. I'm dead weight without any direction in life. 

I hate how one moment I think I'm doing fine and suddenly I'm hit by these episodes of pain and self-loathing and I begin to lose interest in everything. I push people away because I don't want to tell them about my thoughts and feelings because deep inside I feel like I always talk too much or scare them off when I let my real shit out.

I'm fucking up my relationships with people. Not just friends even. The one time I begin to actually get somewhere with a potential significant other I go spiraling all the way down and I can just feel them losing interest in staying with me—and we're not even together yet.

I'm a self-destructive, good-for-nothing piece of shit that should've died before I was even born.

You know, a few weeks ago I was just thinking about how it's amazing that I've actually reached 19 when my younger selves never thought I'd get this far.

But maybe I never should've anyway.