I think my friend may be at riskI had this friend in college. I live in the capital, where my university is. This friend came from a smaller town to study here.

He was depressed and used to drink a lot, and do some crazy shit when he was drunk. After we graduated from law school his family pulled him back to his city so they could watch over him. So we drifted apart a lot, but still kept in touch when he came to the city.

I read this book about suicide a while ago, because I was having suicidal thoughts of my own (I'm doing ok now). And there it says, when someone commits suicide, they may end up acting as a role model for those around him/her. So, their sons, siblings, friends, or fans who were already predisposed to depression may end up copying their action, sometimes even using the same method.

and then Chester Benington commited suicide. And there I am sitting in my room, putting 2 and 2 together. My friend had never mentioned liking linkin park, but I was *ABSOLUTELY FUCKING SURE* he was a fan. Because 1) i knew what kind of music he liked, and 2) it's hard to find a rock band that he doesn't enjoy. He even collects CDs. Who the fuck collects CDs in 2017? He does. You can't find a relevant rock band of which he doesn't own at least one CD. And 3) Linkin park has helped thousands of bullied kids of my generation (I'm 28, male), including more than one friend of mine, and he sure as hell was severely bullied in school, physical agressions included. He even used to cut himself as a teenager to cope with the pain. So at this point I speculate that maybe Linkin Park was even more special to him than most bands.

I think this theory appeared in my mind because I saw a video by a depressed, suicidal, 31 year old brazilian youtuber who was also bullied as a teen and was also very emotionally shaken by Chester's death, mentioning how his music helped him through some rough times. This made me think of my friend.

And then I need to mention all the other suicide risk factors that I learned by watching youtube videos, and my friend has them all. Broken family, small social circle, no girlfriend, substance abuse (he is really a raging alcoholic), lack of purpose (not working, not studying), he basically aces the suicide risk test.

So I decide he's at risk, and I reach out via whatsapp, which is the only way of contact we have at this point. I send a message.

Sure enough, his photo has been changed to a Linkin Park logo.

His reply:" I'm going to delete this app, bro. I'm sick of it. I'll stay away for a while. Bye"

And today I opened whatsapp again and his photo has been changed to an image that reads "Goodbye whatsapp and friends"

Dafuq should I do here? 