I want to cut myself and have failed suicide attempts and everythingI can put up with much more than the average person, but I'm all the more miserable for it. I'm too smart(or at least consider myself smart, or too something else) to do stupid things like cut myself or hurt myself or be an emo dramaqueen everywhere I go and bug everyone I know or attempt suicide half-heartedly in a way that will most likely end up with me rescued. I'm not prone to outbursts, so I just bear it and become more miserable. And it has also made me an asshole that hates everyone. But those outburst seem like surefire way to get people/the world/anyone around to notice and acknowledge problems like suicidal depression and maybe get some help that I can't get for myself all alone. Unless you flip out all you get is "stop whining" "get over yourself" "deal with it" and people just treating you worse, like it's a choice to be miserable and it's taboo to let it slip out, to hint at it or let the world know. But I don't want to try to kill myself to get attention, I know what a bad idea it is and how badly it could end. If I'm gonna do it I will succeed 100% guaranteed, and it feels like I'm less able to bear things with every day and it seems less and less like there's a reason to bear things at all. And it doesn't help that I didn't have anything fucked up happen to me like molestation or rape like with some people here(although it would be better if it didn't happen to anyone), you know, real actual reasons to be depressed. It's like I'm feeling sorry for myself with no reason and should stop, but I can't. All I have is no social life, no love life, ignored by aquintances and verbal and mental abuse at home.

A nice episode that made me feel like shit today: after having her evening drinky drinky mother insults me for the better part of the evening, and then wants to act like nothing happened, nothing is wrong. But it offended me, and when she asked for help with her hiccups and I said no and explained that she offended me and hurt my feelings, she decides I have wronged her too much and steals my keys and says the next time I leave the apartment I'm not coming back. Nice, isn't it?

**TL;DR** I wish I was fucked up, did drugs, cut myself, had several failed suicide attempts because maybe then somebody would give a shit or notice. When I can't take it I will kill myself with no chance of rescue in a way that nobody will find out.