I want to die because I'm intellectually slowI've always considered intelligence to be the most important quality in a person. Although that probably sounds ridiculous to a lot of people, I honestly can't find a reason to live if I'm not intelligent. 

I spent most of my life surrounded by people who said I was smart. I got As in school and seemed to grasp things faster than my peers. There was even a time when my teacher in elementary school suggested I start taking classes at the middle school because I was so far ahead, especially in math. 

However, I always had this lingering thought that I actually was really dumb. I was never very good at finding patterns or solving puzzles, which is considered to be a very good indicator for intelligence. I knew this and it always ate me up inside, but I never really told anyone about it. I was also always filled with fear and self loathing whenever I didn't understand or remember something.

Now I'm in college. I got into a good university because of my grades, but quickly left because I got severely depressed while there. Still, I'm taking classes at my local community college because I don't know what else to do with my life. I still get As, but my brain feels incredibly slow and foggy, and I can't stop thinking back to when I was a kid and I struggled with puzzles. It might sound really dumb, but I played some video games as a kid and was really bad at solving the puzzles in them, and I'm genuinely afraid that means that I have a far below average IQ.

I've been struggling with my mental health too for about 10 years now. I know that contributes to my brain feeling "slow," but recently I've been really feeling like the people around me have just been lying to me my entire life. I feel like I'm actually one of the dumbest people on the planet, and I don't know how I managed to fool everyone for so long. 

I have no skills other than writing papers for school, and I feel absolutely worthless. It's been getting worse the past couple of days, and I've been contemplating suicide, which I haven't done seriously in several years. 

I'm so extremely depressed, and I don't know what to do. As dumb as it sounds, I don't want to live life being dumber than everyone else. Death just feels like it would be a wonderful escape from this constant fear and self hatred. The only reason I've never been able to act on my thoughts is because I have someone close to me who is a wonderful, kind person, and I couldn't ever put that burden on them. 

Sorry this is so long, and thanks if you took the time to read it.