I've gotten rid of my ability to loveLong story short, from years, starting at age 12 of benzo, extremely cardiotoxic amphetamine/mdma like drug research chemical that I took over 2000 times in 3 years, unbeknownst to me it was proven to be neurotoxic and cardiotoxic about right when I stopped taking it. It was 3 times a week, 3 doses each session for 2 something years. After quitting, I can do any drug, speed, coke, oxycontin, or even be sober and I can't feel love. or anger. or anything really. even anxiolytics, weed, don't do anything. EVEN ANTIPSYCHOTIC MAJOR TRANQUILIZERS don't do anything. I had anhedonia to being with but now my brain is totaled.

There's no point living because this isn't a life. I also overdosed on phenibut 40g in june taken with dxm which was an eye opener and the next day I had an epiphany, about life just being life and human beings not being cynical but caring but that glow only lasted a month or whatever. I don't know if phenibut would help, probably would considering its a nootropic, but im on fuckton of pharms that dont do their jobs. lamictal for bipolar, buspar for anxiety, clonidine for anxiety, lexapro for depression and focalin for adhd. Even focalin, which ALWAYS got me out of a rut causes no mental effects anymore , only adrenaline heart anxiety side effects

and Iv'e tried not overthinking, and going without drugs, and NA and CBT, all bullshit therapy.

I still have my intelligence but without ANY feeling at all life isnt even bad. its just a burden. Time wasted. I don't want to kill myself because honestly I'm so indifferent to life its too much effort to bother to end it.
I just don't care. I used to be afraid of having heart attacks because i have inherant heart problems but honestly, heart murmurs, seizure auras, I don't care. I dont want it to kill me im just like, ok. brain damage, thats coo. death, thats fine. not fine, just, death is death. life is just time to waste

what can you suggest to possibly "help" a too far gone fuck like me?