I have a question to ask all of you, and I don't know where else to turn.Let's just start with what's led me to this stage.

My family was abusive, I was beaten as a child, shunned and left to my own devices. If I acted out I got no attention and if I achieved I also just got locked out. I have been bullied my entire life for the way I look, even when out in the real world at work I get shit from assholes that I can't do anything about otherwise I'd lose my job. I got shit because of my mother from other kids growing up and she dragged me 300miles north away from my father at the age of 10, the only person I liked.

My entire family are bat shit and have never given a fuck about me, they show their affection with money and that's all they ever care about.

So for the past 13 years I've wanted to die, I'm 23 and I've been go see all sorts of people recently. Doctors, shrinks, specialists, crisis teams... You name it, they've sent me there. I've attempted taking my life 3 times before, the first I was 14 and failed miserably by not taking enough pills. The second I was incredibly ill, vomiting green bile every couple of hours for 3 weeks and had horrific stomach pains, and most recently I took one and was rushed to hospital before my blood became toxic to my system. Now, I've been to see all of these experts since I was admitted just over a month ago, and theyve all said the same thing, "I don't think we can help you..." And then pass me onto the next poor sap who has to listen to my story. However the last 2 people I've seen also said, "you don't strike me as depressed, you're not psychotic and you're not crazy, so honestly I don't think there is anything we can do for you..." They gave me a number to call should I feel like I want to end it all again but pfft!! Apparently I'm completely fucking fine! So why is it that all I want to do is just fucking die...

My life is worthless, I have nothing that I hold dear and everything I either love or care about is ripped away from me or leave because I'm no longer of convenience to their twisted games. 

I planned to end my life at the start of 2015 but thought, "we'll give it one more go...", and now I fucking wish now more than ever that moment I was laid in hospital, tubes coming from everywhere that I had just fucking died and they let me pass instead of saving me...

My question is, what's the point? I have nothing that makes me happy, I don't feel close to anyone (including my "friends"), I resent the world and everytime I try to change my life I give it everything I have! Just to see everything crumble in front of me and leaving me asking, " is this because of me? Am I really the cause of all of this?"
I came to the conclusion that yes, it has to be my fault, why else would I fail at every hurdle and no matter how nice you are, helpful, pleasant and never saying a wrong word against anyone!! You still get stabbed in the back and treated like shit! 

I have a plan in place and that is the only thing keeping me calm right now, the fact that I have a fool proof way to end it all in jjst a few short weeks. I honestly wish there was something I considered worth living for, but I don't like me, I don't like the world we live in and I just can't seem to find even the slightest shred of happiness amongst all of these ruins and memories. 

I'm "normal", there is nothing wrong with me according to the experts, so me wanting to die must be the right thing to do, right? I mean, if I've tried 3 times and want to properly end it the 4th by not chancing it with an overdose and using chemistry and biology as my weapons of choice to make sure the job is done, then I don't see any reason not too.

I never thought I'd ask a bunch of strangers on the internet anything about this, but I'm close to the end and I've got nothing else to lose. So please, tell me what the point is to all of this? Why should I prolong the suffering anymore? My life is meaningless and someone will just replace me the second I'm gone and do a far superior job. I'm just another statistic on a computer and nobody will miss me when I'm gone.