Everything I've been ignoring has forced it's way to the surface and I don't know what to do. I need help. Please.I feel like I'm broken beyond repair. I'm 28 years old and I've spent the majority of my life on more ledges than I can count. My family doesn't want me around if I'm depressed, in fact the time that I was at my worst they completely cut ties with me because it was too hard on them. They'll only speak to me if they think I'm doing well, so I have to pretend, just to hold onto those few people that are genetically obligated to at least remember I exist.

It shouldn't be this bad. I shouldn't be this old and still feel this way. I don't even know what I'm trying to say here.

I try to push myself forward by finding things to look forward to. "Can't kill myself until Game of Thrones is over," that kind of shit. I have a boyfriend who I live with, but I can't talk to him about this. I tried tonight, and it just turned into an argument and resentment and him responding that, yeah, tough shit, he's depressed too.

This country is fucked. I didn't have a job for a while for both physical and mental health reasons, and even then, with state assisted healthcare (which is of course disappearing), I didn't have access to therapy without having to pay massively out of pocket. I'm addicted to painkillers from two spine surgeries and a shit ton of lasting damage done by them. Now that I have a job and insurance that should, in theory, help me be able to go into therapy, I can't--its already frowned upon that I have monthly medical appointments for my spine issues and psychiatric medication, but therapy? Once a week? Even twice a week. I wouldn't be able to do that and keep my job. And I can't afford to lose another job. I'm 28 and sporadic job history does not look good to potential employers. 

I feel like I need to be checked in somewhere, but I've been in mental hospitals before. They're horrible. They're awful, restricting, tedious places with shit treatment and you end up just desperately trying to fake feeling better so you can get out because it's even more miserable there. And even if I could find somewhere decent to go, how could I afford it? How could I possibly pay for something like that? I'm not rich or elite. I have no safety net, not from family, not from myself. I'd lose my job and be right back where I started, except probably worse.

I wish I could call my parents, but I can't talk to them. The disappointment in their voices when they learn I'm not doing as well as they think I am, and then their desperately trying to get off the phone because they just don't want to have to help and they don't know how to.

I'm not blaming anyone else. I know I'm responsible for myself and my health and my circumstances. I just don't have a clue how I can possibly persevere. I don't see an end in sight. I'm covered in scars from my past. Literal, physical scars. I can't wear short sleeves because of them. I'm hopelessly reliant on pain medication and every single month I struggle to not run out too soon and, when I inevitably do, I struggle to not go into too bad withdrawal so I can manage to get out of bed and go to my shit job.

Everyone expects so much from me and it's more than I'm capable of giving. I've accepted that I'm not normal or healthy and I probably won't ever be. But how do I live with that? How do I live LIKE that?

I'm at my wit's end. It came on out of nowhere tonight. I just realized how much I'd given up on trying. I really did try, for so long, but I don't know f I can anymore.

If anyone has any advice, or resources, or anything at all, it would help immensely. Right now I don't even know how I'll be able to go into work tomorrow, or how I'll be able to shut my mind off enough to sleep, or regain my appetite enough that my meds actually have some effect. I feel so lost. The complacency is gone. I don't know what to do.

Please help me. I need help. It's so hard to say this, but I really do need help. And I don't know how much longer I can go on like this.