UnforgivableI'm 21 years old, about a year ago I made an irreversible mistake that if one were to find out, would completely obliterate the world around me. I'm sure karma will take a swing and the case of such will be everyone knowing. I dream of scenarios each night where a different friend responds to what happened. Some just look at me and cry, while some beat me to a pulp. What I did was so fucked up, I ran to go and live on the other side of the state, as if I could "run from my mistake" or "outrun myself", "outrun my mind" etc... Now I'm trapped living off of centrelink with no job, no car, no girlfriend, and no longer a soul. What happened was so out of line for me and genuinely sickening, it's not something I think I can ever forgive myself for even though the other party has. I marinate the stench of hate from my mistake to the point where I just feel like a burden if I put myself around others because of my self deprecation, even though I'm only my own victim. I just want to grow in 2020 and change all that 'no life' shit and move on from what was honestly a fatal error, but what shits me is I'll never be able to rewind or appear in the past at the moment of impulse I did something truly fucked up and tell my past self "HEY. Let this happen and you'll live the rest of your life full of guilt and remorse." Since what happened happened (which I still don't think I can openly talk about) I've thought about killing myself every single day. I've spent nights upon nights glancing down at the ground from the top of skyscrapers before pussing out and going back to a home that's too good for me. I can't talk to anyone about my problems and I feel the end closing in. I'm terrified of the future and the past and I don't deserve to live in the present. I've never even really been a bad guy in general, but doing what I did permanently puts me down as evil. I made a huge error. I want to take it back or just forget. Forgetting is when inevitable karma rears it's head however... I am truly disgusting and don't deserve the kindness that's been shown to me by others. I'm too scared for them to know just how much of a horrible person I really am... I just can't live on. I really really can't...