Really struggling and hopeless. Thinking about killing myself.Hello, this is my first post on Reddit. (Kinda sad, uh?). Im a 21 yo whose first language isnt English so excuse my mistakes. This year has been really rough for me. Years ago, about 3-4, I tried to kill myself. Couldnt keep going. Took a bunch of pills and got into the bathtub. I failed, I ended up puking it out. My family didnt even notice. I had really hard times, I wasnt well with my parents, or friends. I just wanted to end it. Since then, I started to get help. Psicological help, medication ... I started getting better, my relationship with my parents was healing, I got friends and even a girlfriend. Started studying again, all was going great. 

Then 2020 happened. In January, my mother, who I loved more and more esch day, was diagnosed with cancer. Real bad. Then, a couple days later, my gf dumped me for another girl. Man. I felt so ... Abandoned? By my ex-gf when I most needed her. It hitted really had. A couple months went by, stopped talking with my exgf cause it was too painful. I focused on studies and my mother. Then quarantine came. The only reason I havent tried to kill myself again was my mother. I know that if I do that, I will kill her too. Life is meaningless. I just want it to end. After all those years, all my work to get better, all I managed to do ... For nothing. I sended a message to my ex gf today. Thinking it would help. We have been chatting. It doesnt help. I do keep taking my antidepressants. It doesnt help neither. I spend my days sleeping all I can, so I dont have to live this ... failure. 

I call my depression "The void" cause thats how it feels. A void of meaning, of love, of anything. The void is back. And I feel it. It is telling me that no matter what I try, what I do, it is there. It is gonna come back. Fake relationships, work, family ... Nothing matters. It is gonna win at the end.

So I just want to end it all. Fuck it. I really really really wish to disappear. I wish my mother would forget about me so it doesnt hurt. My friends too. I dont wanna hurt anyone, I dont want to. Thats whats keeping me alive. 

Im sorry if that was too hard, but I needed to tell someone. I dont know if someone is ever read this, but yeah, here it is.