No one really knows me, or the real meFirst off, my name is Gabriel and I'm 17 currently in 11th grade in computer programming.

I've always been seen as the chill, deep-voiced introverted president in the class, but the truth is I've been apathetic and isolating and haven't been talking much to this girl who's my close friend &amp; former classmate from 4th to 10th grade (and is slowly turning into an acquaintance and we're all small talk now) and another friend/churchmate/youth group leader whom I opened up my depression and suicidal thoughts to. They are both classmates.

I don't want to be apathetic anymore and almost every day is like a mask-on/mask-off situation and then I'm isolating myself from certain friends and not opening up to anyone.
With classmates talking about struggles of their own, it's all numbing while I choose to not talk about my struggles because I'm afraid that it would sound like I'm competing with other people's problems.

And I also shared a poem about depression (a poem called 'deep res' which I also posted in this app/account) with the same friend whom I opened up to in order to help him with his creative writing project (I major in programming and he majors in HUMSS [humanities and social sciences] so I don't do poetry in my track here in computer programming) and he performed a spoken word and it went pretty great and no one knows I wrote it. I know I shared it voluntarily as a friend, but I feel empty, depressed, apathetic, suicidal and envious about it and it kind of hurts.

I should have went for HUMSS/Humanities instead of Computer Programming in this school year when I had the chance. And I'm about to go 12th grade next school year. Is it even worth it to go back, get behind and start all over?

Writing poems isn't worth it anymore. Living and pursuing programming and repeating 11th grade to switch to another major isn't worth it anymore. It's all pointless.

There's a part of me that doesn't even mind jumping off the 5th floor if only there weren't people that might get traumatized and friends and family that's worried if I say something depressing. Sometimes with the morbid jokes I post online, I'm afraid these thoughts will soon become actions, But I know these are rash decisions so I choose to continue for the family and for my friends, but there's some half of me that wants to end it.

Is it worth continuing though?