What I feel doesn't matter, I don't matterI need to talk and vent because everyone in real life has made it very clear they don't want to listen to me. 


I know in reality that I probably wouldn't kill myself so it's probably pointless for me to post here, but maybe someone here can help me since I obviously can't help myself.


Honestly, I don't know where to start. The best way to describe everything is the snowball effect. There isn't one specific thing that's making my want to die. It's a whole bunch of things. I'll try to list them all, but there's so many.


First, school. Some of the problems are caused by people, others aren't. When I was in fourth grade I cried every day at school. Part of it was because of Sensory Processing Disorder, basically, since you've probably never heard of it, it means I'm sensitive to things like sound and touch, so when people cough or sneeze it bugs the heck out of me. The other reason I cried was because my grandma was of ill health. Sometimes watching a person slowly become closer to death each day is as sad as the day they actually die. Nobody asked why I was sad all the time. They just assumed I was a crybaby and they weren't afraid to call me a crybaby to my face. I'm in high school now, and some of the kids that called me a crybaby are at my school.


I also have stomach issues that make it difficult for me to go to school everyday and lately they've become worse and worse. I'm not going to get too detailed, but having to go to the bathroom five times a day is no fun.


I'm in Sp. Ed classes because being in regular classes all day is too stressful because of noise and constant bathroom breaks makes other kids stare at me. I'm scared though because while I can handle some regular classes, by the time I finish my senior year I won't have enough credits to get my diploma. I don't know what I can do to fix that, though I suppose it doesn't matter since the college I want to go to doesn't accept applicants that have an IEP and Sp. Ed diploma. I wish I wasn't in this mess though because I want to be a dietitian or engineer, I'm smart enough, I just struggle so much.


Also, I wish that I wasn't diagnosed with autism because to everyone, my social anxiety is just autism. I'm scared to talk to men because I'm scared they'll rape/sexually assualt me or harm me in other ways but instead of helping me be more comfortable around men they just shove the autism label down my throat and say they won't help me. 


I wish people could accept that I don't want a boyfriend. I'm not sure if it's that I don't want one or that I'm scared to have one, but I'm tired of people trying to pressure me to have one. I hate having to pretend to have one just so people would stop criticizing me. 


I could go on, but it is 10:53 PM so I'm going to stop. Hopefully tomorrow will be better.   

-Elizabeth, 10:55 PM