I feel like everyone's punching bag. People always say it will get better, but it never does.I am in college now, and I hate my life so much. My entire life has been focused around work, work, work. In middle school, I was told that it gets better in high school. Here is a list of things that happened to me during high school:

\- I was raped by 2 different people

\- A police officer shot me in the leg for "looking suspicious"

\- My teachers actively avoided speaking to me

\- One teacher went as far as to say "You are honestly a waste of oxygen" in front of our class. Everyone laughed.

\- Every one of my peers ignored me, leaving me alone at all times. I had no friends.

&amp;#x200B;

Then I was told things would get better in college. Here is what has happened to me (so far) during college:

\- I was raped AGAIN

\- I was told I didn't belong in a club that was open to all students

\- My professors still ignore me

\- One professor called me an idiot for not understanding concepts for their class

\- The theater community here (I am a theater minor, and yes, I know it's a useless degree) has told me that I am "ruining their overall appearance as a community"

\- Today, a TA called me an "annoyance" for asking him questions during his office hours

&amp;#x200B;

THEN people would tell me "at least you have a good home." Here is what has happened in my home:

\- My mom admitted to me that the only reason she had me was because she wanted a girl, then she said that I was a "disappointment from the start"

\- My parents told me that I wasn't bi, I just "hadn't experienced a woman yet"

\- The one pet I was allowed to own was a guinea pig, it contracted something that made its back legs stop working within the first 2 weeks. My parents killed it and never took it to the vet

&amp;#x200B;

I feel like that I am just here to act as a clown for everyone else, like I am just an accessory. I feel subhuman. I hate my life so much and I wish I had the courage to just end my fucking life already. Please, someone just tell me to end my life already. I know that this post will be taken as a joke, so when you do laugh at me for being so pathetic, please just tell me to kill myself. I just need someone, literally just one more person, to tell me to do it and I will. I have never experienced companionship and I never will, I don't want to live.