I'm tired and want to give upI feel lost and I don't know what to do, and I feel like I'm destined for unhappiness. I'm 23, a 2nd year PhD student at MIT (I'm not showing off, just
giving context), and I just don't see myself having the things I want in life. I'm working 12-14 hours/day every day of the week, and I'm getting results slowly and surely, but the project is relatively pointless. All I'm doing is making a toolkit in my lab for people to use later on, and I feel really misled by my adviser, because he keeps telling me how high impact it will be, but I just don't see it. Whenever I brought up the concern with him, he just keeps telling me how high impact it will be and I just don't trust him anymore. I feel like he's running a lab and sending people off on these wild goose chases that just never work out, and I really hate myself that I'm just noticing this now, even though the signs were definitely there. I feel even worse that I'm at this school, when I had other options that could have been significantly better options for personal and professional reasons. I'm just too young to be having these regrets, and every time I see a young successful person, I feel even worse about all of this, because I'm working so hard for almost nothing in return. I was always interested in starting a company with my research, and I told him this, but there's little to no commercial application for what I'm working on.

When I tell my mom about this, she tells me to just be patient and everything will work out and that I'll be fine, but I don't see it and I can't really say I believe her. I mean, I don't really see a light at the end of the tunnel. People assume that because I'm at MIT I'll be successful some day, but I just don't know anymore. I had the chance to explore and work on some cool problems, and instead I'm stuck working on a dead-end project for someone who's focused on his own interests and not really his students'. I was so motivated to work on the problem because I really believed him when he said it'll be high impact, but I don't know if I can believe him. So, what should have been some of the more fun years of my life I feel will just be stuck working for a selfish person on pointless solutions to problems that are better address through other means.

It's honestly to the point that I think about dropping out and just giving up. I can be persistent and I can work extremely hard, but those skills don't mean anything for me now because my project is a dead-end, and I don't have any other ideas for what else I can do. I just feel like an idiot, like I went for things I wanted to believe were true but weren't actually. Like I stopped listening to my gut instinct which was telling me that I'm doing something wrong. I was so excited coming to grad school, thinking that I would do something high impact that would mean a lot to me and other people, but I just don't see at all how that'll work out. I sometimes want to quit, but then what else can I do? I will have already wasted two of my best years pursuing pointless dreams, or rather, illusions of a dream. 

The worst thing is that I'm completely unemployable for the things I want to do. I was always interested in starting a company and getting involved on the VC side of things, but it's a really insular group that I don't feel like I belong. I just don't really believe in myself, and it's really crippling me, because every day I feel like I'm working on a pointless problem that won't get me closer to where I want to be. I was going to a counselor for a while, and it helped a lot, but MIT only foots the bill for 12 sessions/year, and I can't afford to pay out of pocket. My dad left when I was a kid, so I don't really have him or anyone else like him that I could have ever gone to for help. I'm just so tired of feeling lost and feeling like I made wrong decisions that'll impact the rest of my life. That I listened to the wrong people and ignored the right people because I was stupid and didn't know any better. My undergrad adviser, who I hold in really high regard, tried to convince me to go to Caltech. I chased after MIT because of it's reputation and for a girl, when in hindsight I think I would have been so much happier there. 

I felt I chased after a dream that isn't going to materialize, and that I'm stuck now working on unchallenging and unstimulating problems for the next years of my life, and I just want to give up. I feel my life has been an entire struggle, one after one, started from when my dad left, to when we lost our home, to having to work to no end in undergrad to make ends meet, to now working on a dead-end project. I always thought that some day, all the struggle will pay off, but apparently it doesn't work that way. I just want to give up and die so I can stop fighting for something that'll never happen. 