Expressing my Thoughts.I'm a 20 year old guy currently in my third year of university and most nights of the week before going to sleep - I just begin to think about my life, where it's heading &amp; the lives of those around me. I become instantly depressed at the thought of it, on occasion actually crying like a baby before I go to sleep - which I think is completely out of character for me, as i'm not a very expressive person when it comes to my feelings. 

I just begin to think about the nature of time itself, it is single handedly the most depressing thing in life. Every night I just get these thoughts of misery &amp; bereavement amongst my family, specifically my parents - who are my world, I couldn't ask for a better pair of human-beings to have raised me. My main thoughts are just what am I going to do with myself and my life once they pass on, as time will catch up with us all and at some stage the most precious loved ones will leave you forever - it's this idea that literally just destroys me inside. Knowing that in the future whether it be 5 years, 15 years or hopefully 30 more years - the two people who I have spent my entire life around, the ones who have raised me, shaped me into the person I am today and in actual fact are not just my parents but two of my best friends in life will be gone. My mother is 55 this year, father 52 - knowing that she will be 60 years old in 5 years time is heartbreaking to me and I don't know why?

I just worry that, if god forbid something happens to either of them - how I will handle it. I think about suicide after they are gone it would be a release from the grief I will encounter, as I don't think I can bare to be in a world where they are not. I have a great life at University, but just feel that I am not making the most of the time I have on this earth to be with my loved-ones - although having an active social-life here, I don't feel I have anybody to talk to about my issues. I also have thoughts on occasions about what I would say in a eulogy for either of my parents - it's horrible I know, it tears me up inside and I can't block any of these thoughts out of my mind no matter how hard I try. Whatever the future holds for me be it a single-lonely existence or one where I start a family myself, if I lose my parents before me  - I can't help but think the only viable solution to cope with my grief is suicide, I haven't thought about it a lot but it is there at the back of my mind. 

I just needed to type this somewhere and speak my mind as these thoughts coupled with university work stress and loneliness are just becoming heavy on my shoulders. I just want to make them proud and become half the man that my father is. 

I just can't eradicate these thoughts from my mind and come to terms with the fact that I am going to have to progress my life with or without loved ones and endure these events, it just breaks me inside to have to think of them happening though. I'm not quite sure how to describe the situation I am in - if it's depression or something else, I just needed to talk this through and post it somewhere for the world to see. I feel slightly better for expressing my thoughts, it's a lot easier to do through a computer screen as opposed to a face-to-face conversation or phone call. 

I fully appreciate anyone who has just read through this, whether you have comments to add or not - knowing I am sharing my feelings with someone is what matters most. As I write this I am sat at my desk with tears rolling down my face, with 'Pilgrim - Balmorhea' on repeat - I find it helped me to express my feelings, it is a beautiful song. Thanks for reading. 