I Wrote a Lovely Suicidal Pep-Talk. In the Perspective of My Crippling Negativity."There comes a point in time where you don’t care what happens to anyone, not even yourself. You’re not exactly at the point of suicide, since let’s be fair, you’re probably a pussy through and through. You tote around this ‘I’m so cool u guyz please believe me!’ bullshit, and wonder why people avoid you like the plague. You sneer and swear as if that somehow makes up for your lack of personality, your face is about as fucked as it can get. Scowling and being a smarmy cunt isn’t getting you anywhere. Can you feel love? I hope the fuck not, since they’re gonna be swept up under the rug before you can say ‘I wanna die.’ You’re better off as a sociopath, where no one but you matters. You wish your were that selfish. But you can’t do that, can you? You can’t run away from home and wander in the streets at night, hoping that someone comes and shoots you in the head, because you know you’ll never do it yourself. Because again, you’re a soft-hearted pussy.
                       I know you’d like to have a partner one of these days, someone to wake up next to. But you should know that it’ll never happen. You live in fantasy because the reality is just total shit. You know you have to change in order to get *someone somewhere* to love you. You *know* you don’t have the will to change, you want to change, but you can’t. Because hatred and self-loathing is all you know, it’s what you’re comfortable with. But you hate that, don’t you? Oh, you hate a lot of things. You hate your family, don’t you? Imagine what they’d say, ‘I can’t believe you think this way,’ or maybe ‘I don’t know when you got so negative.’ Well monkey see, monkey do. But monkey doesn’t want to see, she’d rather gouge out her own eyes than see what’s become of her and her reality. Imagine how angry your dysfunctional ass family would be if they knew. But they don’t know, do they? 


**This is a very small snippet of the three thousand word essay relaying my "feelings." I might include more bits and pieces, but I'm more curious to see if anyone else thinks the same way.**
