I've Become A MonsterWhen I was a kid my parents never seemed to care about/for me. My father used me as an emotional punching bag, taking out his own fears and inner demons on me. He eventually was diagnosed with clinical depression and has been on meds since. My mother acted as my existence was an inconvenience to her. She never once acted as if she cared if I was around. Only speaking to me when she wanted me to do something or to yell at me about something I had done. Somehow I managed to put this all behind me and became what I thought was a decent human. Treated everyone right, never fought or gave anyone grief regardless of their deserving it. I had a pure heart and let those around me know they could trust me with anything.


The only big event in my life was moving to another state. I left my friends, family, and pets behind to move closer to my mothers side of the family. I gained new friends, few of witch I actually keep in touch with anymore. Eventually about sophmore year of highschool I started noticing that everyone in my grade had at least had one relationship. I began to regress and become solemn in my own world that I would never have love. But I found my first girlfriend junior year. We were inseparable, always together. I loved her, but as the first year of our relationship had peaked she began blaming me for all of her problems. Everything that went wrong was because of me. She started giving me hell about how "You have changed" and that I wasn't the person she fell in love with. We broke up close to senior prom and excluding some FWB moments we stopped talking.

Junior year was also the year I met her. Every guy has had one girl who they wanted to be with, but thought they never had a chance. No shot, for sure. But we became friends, and eventually what I would call a best friend. After school we didn't talk for almost a year when out of nowhere she began texting me, talking to me over FB. We were close again. She revealed to me she was unhappy about her current relationship and that she desperately needed to get out. I did my best to remain unbiased, giving her the words I thought would help. She stayed with him for a short while longer. But she started coming to my work and talking with me/hanging out. 

They broke up and the next day she was at my house. We hung out and talked. It wasn't long before she kissed me and we started dating. I couldn't believe that my best friend of 5 years was going out with me. She was drop dead gorgeous. Funny, and shared many of the same interests. It was the best 4 months of my life. Then out of no where she started acting differently. Making excuses not to hang out with me. She started sleeping in more, ignoring me a lot. One day she brings all the things I had at her house back to mine. She said it was because she was tired of it just laying around, but it troubled me greatly. None the less I tried to shrug it off as nothing. One day I got a ride to her house, slept with her until she had to leave for work. Figuring she would be gone for 8 or so hours I slept until about 2am. She told me she would be out by 2 or 3, so I watched tv and waited. Around 4am I called her, she said she would be home soon and that she was just hanging out with the morning crew. At 5:30 i had finally lost it, she would have rather spend 2 and a half hours at work than come spend time with me. I started walking home when she picked me up.

The following will always be regarded as the worst day of my life. I basically lectured her about how I felt like I was the only one who cared at this point(we had been together 5 months now, so a whole month had gone by of her ignoring and putting me off) and that it seemed like she didn't care if I was around. Then I asked the question I wish I had never asked, "Do you even want to be with me." and she whispered "no". That was it. 5 years,  5 months of the best time of my life and it was gone.

She went on to tell me that we had moved to quickly and she hadn't had adequate time to heal from her previous relationship. So I spent the next 9 hours begging her to stay with me, begging for a chance. She constantly said no. I told her that if I had to leave without patching this up, then I would never be able to see or talk to her again. She cried what I now assume are hallow tears, and said she was sorry.

Within a week she had already found another guy. After telling me that she moved too fast with me, and that she hadn't had time to heal she had already moved on from me. It's the point I felt a change. I was no longer the nice, golden heart bearing man I once was. I had snapped, all of the years of being shit on, all of the years of giving people second,third,fourth,hundreds of chances I had been stepped on enough. 

I absolutely snapped at her, sending a plethora of text messages depicting how I felt, calling her every name in the book doing everything i could to release the tension. It's been 3 days now and she's stopped replying to my text messages. I would too with everything I've said. The old me would have never done that, he never would have unleashed such utter anger and despair, even telling her I was going to kill myself because of it. And that's where I am. In a few months I'll be 21. Legal age to purchase and consume alcohol. So that's my plan. I'm going to purchase as much alcohol as I can and just drink until I don't have to worry about waking up anymore. Maybe smoke a cigar, do the little things that still make me happy like playing CoD and listening to music. There's no sense in telling me to call a hotline, or trying to help me. I just want my story to be heard. This is the story of a monster.