Nobody can give me advice on how to realistically improve my life so please get me out of here.I'm hopeless, useless, and worthless. It doesn't matter any more... Life has shown me that I don't deserve to have affection or attention. I don't deserve to have friends and I don't deserve to have the correct social skills. I don't deserve to be who I want to be as a person. I don't deserve a hug or a kiss. I don't deserve a good job. I don't deserve to feel safe. I don't deserve to have privacy to cry or masturbate. I don't deserve to go a day without being yelled at. I deserve to be alone, without any work, misunderstood, and hated. People can't help me.. The help I get is either illogical, unethical, or impossible. There are also so many conditions and complications to this that it's too long and unorganized for anyone to EVER understand and therefore, people would rather think I'm being difficult. Fine, then. I don't deserve to be helped to live a good life. I deserve to be helpless and figure everything out on my own, even when I have learning disabilities that prevents this. People have the philosophy that you must learn things the hard way instead of recreating the wheel. To be consistent, I would then be building a power plant on my own just to have electricity. It's twice as worse too when I have trouble organizing thoughts about things such as: what I want, what I need, and figuring out ways on how to get help that doesn't feel immoral or where I won't be yelled at or have to play 20 questions for getting that help. But everyone wrongly believes that just because I graduated from college, that I can speak fluent English, and that I'm open about discussing things means I must be the best speaker ever and that I can express how I'm feeling in an effective manner.. And a more fucked up thing is that I feel like I need to be rescued from unprovable mental abuse, by a parent who controls me with the threat that they'll call the police and tell them that I'm mentally abusing them, every time I try standing up for myself. There is no such thing as being rescued unless you want to go through more pain and feel a backlash saying it's unprovable and suing for libel and making up that you're the one who's the problem. The only thing worse than growing up without parents is having parents that hurt you. They are no holds barred. I don't totally know how the world works and people think that if I live a quality of life that's worse that I'll just be better off. It's only trading one bad thing for another.  I just want someone to teach me how to die. To be quite clear, there are things I could change, but the torture and lack of a peace of mind from changing them seems to end up making me feel more suicidal, not better. All I'm looking for is a quick way to go. It doesn't matter if you've interpreted this message as me being sad, angry, irritated, confused, or all of those four. I need help going. The benefits of suicide are greater than the benefits of living on this Earth feeling this pain. I shouldn't have to suffer any more. Death is a solution in this case because it ends multiple pains.. the primary pains that actually hurt me; the secondary pains where nobody believes me, where it's impossible to help me, where they make my problems seem small; and miscellaneous pains about how I have to live in the future knowing I'll be forever hurt and that even if a few things get better, the majority will worse. I'm not the type to go party or think of life "like a rollercoaster." Nothing has worked thus far. And trying to get help usually ends up in me feeling worse or feeling like I'm being mocked. Yeah yeah I'm all of these things, right? I worry about petty little things, right? I have it the best ever, right? I shouldn't be suicidal because I haven't been murdered? That makes no sense. And neither does the continuance of my life.