I just feel like I’m waiting to take my own lifeEach night is the same:   

I ponder my issues, how insurmountable some are, how easily tackled others are.   

I wonder how much I’ve screwed up my life. I’ll be 24 in a month. I’ve never worked much, save for a few month stretch where i worked eighteen, twenty hours day. I’ve ruined my academics through drug use, I’m still trying to finish a degree. I’m literally six credits shy, and I can’t muster the motivation to go to my classes. I ask myself, *what’s the point? I won’t find a job anyways.*  

I wonder if it’s too late for me, both academically and personally. I’ve got skme issues that necessitated an early intervention, and I’ve waited too late on them. I wonder if my drug addictions, the things I once used to escape my reality, won’t allow me to solve my reality, if I won’t be able to escape them now. I’ve been binging on cocaine for upwards for four months now, but I guess everyday use ceases to be a binge.  

I wonder why i have no one. I know most people say that and don’t mean it, they’re just histrionic or discounting the numerous people that show love for them in their day to day life, but for me it’s true. I am entirely alone. There can be two, three day stretches where I don’t say a single word to another human being. I’ve lost all my friends either because of the drugs, or because they find me “too depressing to be around.” I am where fun, whimsy, and life go to die. In that way, should I not die too?  

I wonder why in any relationship I’ve ever had, the girl has cheated on me. Most recently, multiple times. It’s a combination of factors: I’m a pushover, I have little self respect so they don’t either, and I’m not always fun and flirty to be around the way these hook ups can be. That’s worn down my defenses and my self worth a lot.  

I wonder about the life i have left to live. In all, when i look at my future prospects, i see nothing. I see a college graduate who took a bit too long, I see an addict who will never escape his demons, I see no job prospects, I see struggle, homelessness, hunger, and despair. I honestly feel that, in an effort to avoid pain and struggle, it’s the most rational choice.  

Many of these problems are fixable, but many aren’t. I also wonder, even if I fix these, do I think I’ll be happy? I doubt it. I’ve had an existential crisis since i was 12 about the way this world works: you are born, you go tk school, you go to more school, you work until you’re too tired to do anything for thirty years, you retire, live on a meager income, and die. That sounds... terrible.  

I just don’t think I’m cut out for life. I want to be.

And then I begin to think of okay, if you did it, how would you? Hanging is my preferred method, because of its high success rate. But, if you can’t tell, I like to be certain of things. It’s uncertainty of success and likelihood of pain is too high for me. I hate the romanticized ideal that those interested in suicide don’t mind pain. The opposite is true for me, I want painless. I’ve had enough pain from bullying, disappointment, hating my very existence. Why would I want my last moments to be spent in anguish?  

Next, i begin to wish I had a gun, or the ability to get one. I see myself gripping the handgun, occasionally a pistol, turning the barrel on myself and just starting at it. Would I put my mouth over the barrel? Sucking deaths dick begging to be extinguished? Would I put it under my chin, angling up toward the back of the brain? Would I do the side of the head?  

This mental high doesn’t last long, I’m reminded that i can’t buy a gun, I’ve been hospitalized. It didn’t help, i still thought about suicide with the frequency I always did after the hospital. It just made me wait a little bit.

Then i grow tired, the hours running long as the clock tells me that it’s way too late to try anything, I would probably wake everyone up. Plus, I’m too tired to write a new note or proof read an old one. It’s fitting really, a lazy pathetic sack of Shit is too tired to kill himself. That’s just poetic in a way.  


So, i close my eyes and begin to sleep, envisioning my life if x, y, or z immutable qualities of my existence were different, how much happier and healthy I would be.

I wake up with sun beaming in my window, and blurt out loud, “kill my self, suicide suicide suicide or die,” a form of OCD or Tourette’s I’ve acquired over the years. And so begins a new day, waiting for night to come and hoping I have the energy and imagination to finally pull the trigger, without a trigger.