I can't do this anymore. I'm so alone.I just feel so incredibly alone.
This will be ranty and long I'm sorry.

My mother and father were never married, and broke up before I was born, and made no effort to reconcile with each other in a way that would give me a semi happy environment between them. All I remember is constant screaming arguments over the phone, no matter whose house I was at, that they made no effort to hide from me. All I remember is both of them trying to turn me against the other. All I remember is my mom won, and now my dad is basically completely out of my life and I am not comfortable with the idea of reconciliation anymore.

I thought staying at only my moms house would do something, make me happier. Nope. I had to go to counseling since my dad was fighting me leaving through court, and he counselor told my mom that she thinks I have a mental disorder, one that made it so I simply couldn't trust people. I may have Idek. But it was never that bad. But my mom just fucking couldn't tell me about it politely of course, and let it come out while we were fucking screaming at each other because she was so angry that I didn't spend enough time with my stepdad over the weekend.
She's always fucking angry at me and I don't ever know why and when I'm sad she turns it around and makes it about how me being sad affects her and that's why I shouldn't be sad. As if that solves fucking anything.
I tried to kill myself after she told me about the disorder. Only one other person knows, and I'll talk about her later (she was just one more thing to add to the list of reasons for my constant emotional crisis). I couldn't figure out why she didn't respect me enough to tell me in a nice calm way. But now I can't trust anyone. Because of her. But it doesn't matter, she's just someone that guilt trips ducking everyone.

Oh yeah, my stepdad. He's just constantly fucking irritated at the entire world around him because he spends all his time being irritated at his colleagues at his work and his customers and his fucking 1000 emails or whatever the fuck it is that day. Then comes home and just gets pissed at everyone for doing anything remotely upsetting and we all just get upset.
I've learned recently my mom is only still with him to keep the family together for my brother. Great happy family.

Because I can't trust anyone I am not capable of forming any genuine relationships with people. I can try as hard as I want but I always feel like I'm putting up an act. An act to see who exactly these people are, and now every interaction I have feels forced and I just don't know how to be myself anymore. I don't even know who I am.
I've had a different friend group every year for a long time. None of them ever tried to get me to spend any time with them outside of school. I was just a social outcast wasting away my time. But then again I was always exhausted from putting up my act all day anyways, and then trying to maintain my sanity in my family as they attacked me and made me feel like something was wrong with me all the time.
I've never dated anyone. Severe self esteem issues and depression and anxiety all mixed together make it fucking hard to even try.

And then this past March. I met a girl. Only fucking girl that's ever been truly interested in me. Everything just felt so natural, and I've never trusted someone as I did her. But nope. Just using me to feel like she had options before she committed to her new guy. It was the only week of my life I ever thought I was wanted by another human being, and none of it was genuine. It was the only fucking week of my life that I felt happy. And all of it was on false pretenses. But I would've been ok after a while I think, I'm used to not being wanted. But when I started acting a little sad for a few days my parents started just flipping the fuck out. Because no one can ever be sad or leave the house to go on walks to clear their head without wanting to kill themselves, right? Because initially I didn't. But then my mom threatened to kick me out if I spent the night at a friends house. Because I was too uncomfortable to be emotional at home. Within a week I tried to drink myself to death. I don't know how I convinced my parents it wasn't an attempt.

All through this I stupidly felt like I still could trust that girl. And she was my support through all of it. Because despite her just using me she still was so nice and caring. But when there are still feelings, relying on that person just makes them so much fucking stronger. And I've always been alone. I could go days without talking to anyone if I don't initiate a conversation. Because no one ever thinks of me. It's like i don't exist. Like I don't have feelings. I don't even live my family anymore, I just felt like they turned on me when I was already incredibly sad.

TL;DR: i don't know what to do anymore. I'm just a worthless piece of shit that no one has ever wanted and ever will want. Because why would anyone want someone that has tried to kill themselves twice, and can't maintain a serious conversation, and can't fucking form any sort of relationship with anyone without feeling like I'm being used and manipulated for some gain. Why would anyone want someone who has no passion and no drive and no interests and no life and no social ability and just a generally negative personality. Why would anyone ever want me. I'm not even a part of my own family anymore. The only family member I ever felt cared died a long time ago.

The pocket knives in my nightstand are getting increasingly appealing every fucking day. And I don't think I'm strong enough to last much longer. I know I can't fail this time if I cut my wrists.

I don't know what I want from this. I just want to be wanted and no one really wants me. There's no affection of any sort in my life besides my fucking mother and I hate being around her.