Cheated OnHi there, a little background information on me: My name is Alex, I turned 24 last month and I broke things off with my ex (23) last weekend. We've dated for two years and have been on and off for the longest time. She has borderline personality disorder and I have my own issues with abandonment growing up. When we first met, we hooked up rather quickly and it was a huge red flag for both my mother and I, but being as I had never had a girlfriend before, I ignored them and pursued a relationship with her. Throughout the course of our relationship, she kept a lot of male attention and claimed they were only friends when in reality she was either cheating or making money as an escort online. She'd cheat, I'd find out, we'd break up, we'd miss each other, we'd get back together, and on and on... It eventually started to take a toll on me and I attempted to take my life because I felt like I wasn't worth anything anymore. All the abandonment issues I had been running from in my childhood started to surface and I couldn't handle the overwhelming feeling that I wasn't good enough for anyone to love. Long story short I ended up 5150'd and on release I found my phone flooded with sobbing messages of regret from my ex. It's so hard hearing the voice of someone you love saying how much they miss you and love you and regret everything they've done and apologize like they've never done before, but looking back I know I fell in love with someone who doesn't exist all the time. We were together for a few months before she started doing the same thing again and I ended things off. I spent a while alone trying to date around and ended up meeting someone else who on paper seemed like the ideal girlfriend: no mental problems, had a job, had a car, had her own place--everything my girlfriend lacked. The only problem was that I wasn't physically attracted to her. I broke things off with her after two months because I realized it wasn't fair to waste her time if I wasn't falling in love like I had with my ex. A month later, my mother and stepdad were planning a thanksgiving dinner at the local country clubhouse where my ex worked (I had assumed due to her borderline personality disorder and work history that she wouldn't have held down this job) and offered to buy me a seat so I agreed. She ended up still working there and the entire time she was really pleasant and nice to my parents while I tried being an asshole and just ignored her attempts to strike a conversation. At the end of the dinner when we were about to leave, she asked my parents for a hug and they agreed. The whole time, they were falling for her shit and I really hated it so I just walked off to the car alone. When I got home I messaged her back telling her to eff off should we ever run into her again and that I didn't appreciate the little show she put on. She defended her self and said that during our break up (it had been 8 months or so since we last talked) that she had done some growing up, she had kept her job, and had really been ashamed of everything. We talked for a long time and we eventually got back together. We were together since Nov and it ended last weekend when I caught her talking to other guys who openly flirted with her despite her mentioning me. (I don't know to what extent this flirting went to because she deleted the history prior to the day we broke up, but the day we did, they had flirted and he seemed to have been giving good morning texts so...) Either way, right now I feel a bit hopeless. I feel worthless and lost right now. I don't know where I'm going or what my purpose is, but I can't help but feel like I'm at fault. Was the sex bad? Was I not giving enough attention? Am I ugly? Poor? Short? What's so wrong with me to deserve this? I don't know what to do, I just want to run away from this pit of despair in my gut. I just want to go home and have a beer and cry all this crap out because I have too much to live for. I can't go back to wanting to end myself but at the same time I want to move forward, I just need someone to talk to as I don't have friends. 