People say life get's better with positivity, in my case it doesn't and now I just want to end it.So right now I am just coming down from another mental breakdown seeing as it's Christmas time which in my opinion is the most terrible time of the year for myself, but if anyone can give me any advice to stop myself from overdosing or hanging myself in the next two weeks, I'd really appreciate it. 


So first things first, I've never had a happy life. Growing up I was a victim to physical, emotional and verbal abuse by my very own father which has now caused lasting effects on me including but not limited to emotionally shutting down if someone shouts at me,  bottling up anger and sadness etc. while in high school, I fell victim to date rape which has led to low self confidence, low body image and of course, trust issues. It's difficult for me to open up to others as well. However, those are things that aren't getting me down. What's getting me down is how at 19, I'm a fucking loser. I've never had a job, I have no money and no one including my boyfriend really wants to help me even if it's just advice on how I can get myself some income. Hell, I can't even afford fucking Christmas presents for anyone because I have no money. 


The other day I even asked my boyfriend if he could for Christmas just buy me some new clothes as I have no money to buy myself any which sucks as I've lost a lot of weight and when I presented the clothes I wanted (mind you, he makes close to six figures), he just told me he's not spending that much money on me and that I'm being lazy, and that I should have gotten a job in high school so that I would be more employable right now. Remember how I mentioned that I got raped in high school and how an ongoing effect of rape and domestic abuse is fucking trauma? Because you know, I was so going to work when I at that time, couldn't even leave the house from being scared to go outside. Any ways, I've been applying everywhere and everywhere, but I'm starting to lose hope on myself and my dreams - I want to travel the world, but that involves money. I want to get myself some better art supplies, but that involves money. I want to move out of home soon as my mother has bipolar disorder which affects me greatly, but that would involve me having some kind of income and right now all of the government assistance I'm entitled too as I'm a university student is going towards paying my mum rent and my phone bill every month (along with paying to get my laptop fixed). 


I just wonder if it would be better if I could just die. I have no money to live or have a social life, afford my hobbies which keep me sane as they take my mind of things, and no one wants to help me. All of my friends who have jobs as well just brag about all of the stuff they can buy to me as though they get off on watching me be poor and miserable, so please someone help me. I'm so close to just ending it because I feel being dead is the only option I have right now. 


**Edit:**I just want to say thank you for all of the support I have received! On my own accord, I contacted some relatives who are coming down from overseas to let them know what is happening with my situation and my aunt has offered to take me shopping for new clothes when she arrives in a weeks time. I've also spoken to my boyfriend letting him know that his attitude is not on as it's not the "no" that upset me, but rather how he made me sound like I was lazy and not doing anything. I also have been on the phone to my therapist and I'll be meeting up with her tomorrow morning so we can work on some skills to help me feel a little more hopeful about things. Oh, and by the way, to the trolls who commented and sent me abusive PM's about how I'm selfish and how I don't deserve anything, and how I'm just using my boyfriend as an ATM (which is not true seeing as I usually pay for all of my food and transport when I go over to his), I hope you yourself can find some happiness in your life instead of bullying others over the Internet. 