I know that I'm important to a lot of people, and my passing would be devastating, but I just feel so worthless and stupid.I'm not using a throwaway because I secretly hope someone I know finds this and reaches out to me. I need to feel love.

Also this may end up being a long-winded and terribly structured rant, so buckle down. 

I hit myself. 

I'm too squeamish to take sharp objects to my own body, so I slap myself in the face. Hard. To the point where I get a headache and my cheek is red for hours. Every time I make a minor mistake, I hit myself. I tell myself I'm a worthless piece of shit. I know deep down that I'm not, but I always feel like I am for some reason. 

I feel like I need to punish myself in the moment every time I make even the most miniscule mistake. This sometimes happens multipe times a day. 

I have 2 important and high-profile (for my age, at least) jobs. I play important roles in my college music program and church. I would say that I'm fairly gifted musically and intelectually. 

But I can't a speck of motivation to do well in school. I keep dropping classes without telling my parents (I go to a community college and live at home). All I ever do is sit on my phone in bed when I should be doing homework. I go to the gym sometimes and I feel good after a workout, but I'm still 30-40 pounds overweight and covered in bright red stretch marks. 

I eat too much, I spend most of my money on food and useless things, and I've held steady at 235ish pounds for the last year (I'm a 6'1" 19yo male). I hate looking at my body in the mirror. I've actually trained myself to suck in my stomach all the time so I don't look so fat in public. It's just second-nature to me. I'm scared to seek out a relationship because I'm afraid I'll be judged and rejected for my body. I'm addicted to porn and masturbate 1-2 times a day. I can't look at a woman without thinking about her sexually. I feel like a pervert. 

I've turned to occasional alcohol and weed to relieve myself of stress, but obviously it doesn't last and I just feel shitty again the next day. 

The only thing keeping me alive is my surface-level sense of importance. Even though I feel so worthless deep down, I know that I'm needed and wanted. Every night I lay in bed and think of how nice it would be to not live anymore. I'm religious, so the thought of heaven is enticing. I just can't stand who I am. 

/longwindedrant