I was struggling before the pandemic, but there was hope. Now my death is certain. I love you all.Every day I wake up so full of despair that I can’t move. My stomach is always in knots. Eating hurts, and sleeping is my only respite. Even then it’s far too short.

I can’t live in this time of a global pandemic. I’m not strong enough. It’s likely that this will go on for at least a year — isolation measures, death, fear and all. I’ve lived enough of my life isolated with no support network to give it another go now when being alone is all I can do to survive. It is either coronavirus will kill me, I will kill myself, or I will end up on the other side broken and destitute. I can’t even do my remote job because I can’t even take care of myself. 

I don’t know how to kill myself without pain. I’m scared of pain, and that’s why I am going to kill myself, because I can’t live in a world where so many people are suffering. I love everyone so much, and it hurts to know their pain. I wish dying was like turning off a light switch. I don’t understand why I exist or the experience of existing at all yet at the same time I find every life so valuable and it hurts me to know that death is the cessation of an entire person’s being. They’re just....gone. I wish I could do something to preserve them, to preserve the good in people, but I am helpless, as I am helpless in this pandemic in which our governments (US in particular) prioritize the economy over our lives.

I’m sick. I’ve been sick ever since I was abused, neglected, raped, threatened, isolated for years on end. In my life, I have had little control, little happiness. It breaks my heart that a couple months ago I felt briefly seen and loved. Someone saw the person I could have been, a person I could love being. Before the outbreak, there was a chance for me to be that person, but now it’s gone. 

I don’t want to see the people around me die. I hate being selfish for killing myself, but it’s just...going to happen, out of my control. I don’t know when I will do it, or how, but I know it is coming.

I want to say how much I love you, and how much I wish I could grow to love myself for you. If the world was different, I could, but as it is crumbling I will crumble with it.