Help me, please.I am a female and I’m only 15 years old, yet the thought of dying is overwhelming me. 

Here is a quick backstory v

Before my dad divorced my step-mom, I lived with her an her three kids. Let me just say, those 12 years I lived with them were the worst years of my life. I was constantly verbally abused by her three kids, and even by her sometimes. They didn’t like me simply because I wasn’t their real sibling, and they even told me that. I hated myself and even more, I hated my life. I am a mixed girl, my biological mother is African American, and my father is Caucasian. I grew up in a mostly white neighborhood, and I was always picked on because of the way my hair and skin looked. I was so mad at the world, I always wondered why I was even born. My dad traveled all the time due to his job, which meant I only saw him for 4 days every 6 weeks. 

I felt as if I was alone in the world, and that nobody cared about me. Eventually, my dad finally realized that I couldn’t live there anymore after I attempted to run away from home. He divorced my step-mom in the Spring of 2018. The day I found out was probably the most exciting day of my life. Him and I moved in with my grandparents and are currently still living here almost three years later. My life has been so much better now, and I’m thankful for all of the love my family has given me. However, my anxiety and depression has recently gotten worse and I don’t know what to do. 

I have no friends at school, I sit at lunch alone most days. I’m not in school right now due to Covid-19, which I am kind of enjoying because I hate being social. I see people I thought were friends hanging out with people and never thinking to invite me anywhere. It’s always been me who reaches out, and I’m sick of it because nobody will ever do the same. I’ve been feeling very lonely nowadays and it’s really taking a toll on my mental and physical health. I’m barely eating and I feel like dying every single day. The only thing keeping me alive is the thought of leaving my dad all alone in this world. I want die, but I don’t want my loved ones to be devastated. I’m ashamed of this, but sometimes I hope to get into a car crash with my family so we can all die together. 

I have a therapist, but I’ve never told her about those thoughts yet. I’m not sure if I should because she thinks that I’m getting better. In fact, my whole family thinks I’m fine now, and that having a therapist is, “unnecessary”. Truth is, I’m not fine, I’m just really good at hiding it. I really need help, I’m afraid one day I’m just going to snap and end my life. But, I don’t really want to die, I just want to feel alright. 

-katja