I have nothing leftHello everyone, i hope everyone is doing well in this point in their life. I trully wish everyone is happy and true with their present endeavours. I know this is a sad moment in life, but please believe me when i say, this is for the better. I havent been happy with myself or my decisions for a very long time. For years ive felt alone and unwanted. Even the times when i wasnt alone, those where the times i let myself be used and lied to over and over again. These moments where not ideal, but they made me feel something when i couldnt feel anything. Good, bad, pain, or pleasure, it was something while i was starved and feeling nothing. No one is to blame for this but myself. I let myself fall prey to others and their own sins. When i needed people the most, i was shunned, called weak, dramatic, and shouted at. I agree with all of those statements, for they came from the people who knew me best. Everyone will say i should have came forward with my depression and feelings. I did, but i was always cut short by others and their issues. I put everyone before myself, i dont regret that. I made many people smile when they're hope was gone. I made many people laugh, and forget their problems for a brief moment. All the while, i just wanted someone to do the same for me. I've made many mistakes, both for myself and for others. For that i am truly sorry. Many battles have come and gone throughout my life wearing the uniform. Some are sources of courage, others the core of nightmares. I have soaked the dust covered ground with the hot blood of my adversaries, as well as seen my brothers in arms fall and be forgotten. This haunts me every night. Waking in the late hours, sweat soaked, and in tears. I cry alone for my sins. I hate the man ive become, but putting on a great show has always been a talent for me. I hate the atrocities that ive carried out. Every endeavour i have ever undertaken has always ended in failure. Yet, the failures have never been dealt by my own hand. Others have always seen to that. I can truly say that i really tried, but the world seemed to have its own plans for me. I wish everyone that was close to me the best, and happiness in all of their lives. Please succeed where i have failed, please live where i have passed. I have slowly planned this over time, and made absolutely sure this is a way for me to end my suffering. My greatest fear and sorrow is that the people who distanced themselves from me will have regret. I do not want this, i only want happiness for them. My life has ended, and i only wish for them to not follow on my path of sorrow. Live your life like its the greatest. Im too broken to be fixed. I have been slowly disassembled for years now. Along the way, some have tried to put my pieces back together, only to abandon them when something better or easier comes along. Im a mess, a disaster, and i only want to not be a burden to anyone anymore. I feel helpless, i feel lost, i feel shattered. I am not the man i was years ago. The positive optimistic person who always loved to make others happy died a long time ago. I have only been able to try and pick up that mask and pretend.