I've been this way all my lifeIt seems that most people who post here are particularly low or depressed, but that's just not the case with me. Things have started to get out of control or unstable recently, but in reality the problems never really had a beginning - they've just always been there. 

Through therapy, I've been able to finally realise that I've been suicidal all of my life. I haven't always called it that, certainly when I was too young to really understand the concept of suicide, but it's clear that they've always been there. I can clearly remember self-harming when I was around 5 or 6 - head banging and body punching - but I never thought anything of it. In my mind, this was something that everyone was going through but they were simply much better at dealing with it than me. 

Through all my years of being alive, I had simply come to realise that this was the human experience and I've been able to control these thoughts pretty well - everyone else can do it, so surely I should be able to as well. Of course, times were very difficult for me, but I was reassured that countless people would be feeling exactly the same as me. Once I became a student, I wanted to volunteer at my university's listening service and help other people through the same periods that I had. But just started a process that made everything worse. 

While I was undergoing the listening training, I begun to speak to the helpers and I came to realise that suicidal calls are actually very rare, most volunteers will probably never actually have to deal with one. 

This info hit me with a blow that seems to still be ricocheting through my body and still trying to find ways to make things strange for me. 

I even remember one of the helpers using the often parroted phrase "suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem", which is just so... wrong! I have literally wanted to kill myself during every minute of every day since the day my memory started to work. It has never relented or subsided, even in my most happy times. In fact, my actual mood doesn't even seem to have an effect on them - they just keep going. There is nothing more permanent than that!

They've been so ingrained into my mind that to take them away would be to change who I am as a person. That's the reason I want to kill myself.

I want to finally fulfill the urge that has plagued me all my life and that I know will plague me for all the years that I have left to live. I don't want therapy to take them away - that would be changing my personality to something completely unrecognisable to me which is simply not... right. 

I feel like the only reason that I've bothered to keep myself alive this long has been for the selfish thoughts of my family and friends who want me to stay alive, which is simply a contradiction of every fibre of my being!

I'm not depressed, anxious, or desperate. I'm not even sad. I just want to die.