Well..It's finally hit me. The realization that life is just a vast, empty landscape and my baseline mood will always be "crappy" no matter what happens. My friend invited me to a small New Years get-together at a friend of hers' house and they kept playing card games I didn't know how to play and I kept losing and everyone kept talking about shows and movies and stuff I don't know anything about. And I spilled this drink all over myself because I tugged on the bottle cap too hard and god this all sounds so trivial when I'm typing it out but just the whole time I couldn't bring myself to just let it go and try to have a good time. I feel like years of not having siblings and not having friends have set me so far back in terms of social skills and being exposed to games, shows, and movies most people generally know and like, and no matter what I do I can never recover from this. Even when I go to college next year, and I have a fresh start and everything, I can't help the fact that I lack years of experience in socialization and being down to earth and relatable to other people, and that's gonna put me at a massive disadvantage when I'm trying to befriend people. And of course, my father had to come get me at 10:00, before the whole countdown, because of course I'm the only 17 year old on this side of suburbia whose parents can't stand the thought of their kids being out of the house after midnight, even on New Year's Eve. And that's where everything just went downhill, because I feel like for my entire life I've always consoled myself with the idea that when I finally get out of my parent's house, and I'm at college where no one knows me, I'll somehow be able to magically revamp myself, make some new friends, and finally live the life that I want to live. But that's not true. I'm probably going to have to go to my state's college purely for financial reasons, which is where over 70% of my school's seniors go, so it's not even truly going to be the fresh start that I've always imagined. Plus, even though I'll be 18 and an adult, if I decide to go out for New Year's again next year, I'm still going to be right back where I am, at my parent's house, and my dad will still come get me at 10:00 no matter what. I can't keep going on like this, just feeling shitty all the time, and keeping myself together by just telling myself that it'll all get better once I'm an adult and I have some ounce of freedom, because the truth is, it won't!! It will not!! If it's not going to get better in college, when will it??? When I'm eventually slaving away at a 9-5, 5 days a week for a good 40 years of my life?? I've been banking on the idea that depression is a result of one's circumstances for literally so long, but as I grow up and more parts of my life change, and I still feel insecure, inadequate, and awful about myself, I'm doubting it more and more. Maybe it really is just an innate thing that will follow me to my goddamn grave, and no amount of lifestyle changes will ever make it go away. If so, I guess I'll just fuck off then. "Happy" New Years indeed.