Dont really know if this is the place to post this but here it goes.Doubt anyone will read this and thats fine but I feel like I need to get this off of my chest so here it goes. 


I feel like I haven’t had actual peace in my life since I was about 12, seems like it has just been a string of bad events one after the other. 


Growing up my home life was never great but it wasn’t bad either, I was a smart kid doing well in school and my family got along for the most part up until my brother got depressed and was diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Him and my mom started getting into huge arguments, my brother would threaten suicide and punch holes in the wall and many other terrible things. Cops were called to my house many times growing up and I always hated it, I just wanted to have a normal family. My brother wasn’t perfect by any means but I loved him. He was my brother and I looked up to him.



When i was 12 things got worse with my brother, he moved out and ended up taking his own life at 19 years old. Growing up in a household with just him, my mom and her mom this affected me a lot because he was the one I always looked up to since my mom was always working. Having no dad in the picture I didnt have a male role model anymore and I think this stunted my development a lot. It also doesn’t help that I mentally shut down for about the following 8-10 years afterwards. 



Once I turned 14 or so my mom ending up getting sick, turns out she had stage 3 breast cancer and it wasn’t looking good but she did manage to beat it after a few years. While she was sick I was constantly stressed about the thought of losing my only parent/family member besides my grandmother who was getting older quickly. (She was about 85 at the time of the diagnosis) After the diagnosis my mom was never the same, she started getting into huge arguments with me over petty things and our relationship turned to shit and to this day we almost never get along. 


Shortly after my mom beat cancer her mom developed alzheimers and her mental state quickly deteriorated requiring full time care from either me, my mom or a nurse that would come to our house on the weekdays. After this there was rarely any happiness in my house, my mom was constantly stressed and either getting mad at me or my grandmother because of the situation we were in. 


I ended up dropping out of high school because I was being bullied and very stressed out due to my home life/grades slipping. It was too much for me to deal with and I needed a way out. After I dropped out I ended up isolating myself from everyone and locking myself in my room for days, not leaving the house for weeks at a time. Suicide was constantly in the back of my head and still is to this day. I just want peace. 


About 3 or 4 years after my grandmother got alzheimers she passed away and then I was stuck living with just my mom and we argued constantly 


After dropping out I bounced from shitty job to shitty job having no formal education or skills feeling lost with no path to follow. Nothing interests me and I don’t know what to do to even start to get my life back on track and honestly at this point I feel like its not even worth it. I hate who I am and feel like I have 0 redeeming qualities. Ive never been a good looking man but for the past year or 2 I’ve been balding and recently its getting pretty bad so my self esteem is lower than its ever been. Ive never even kissed a girl at 23 years old and feel like Ive failed in pretty much every aspect of life. 

Lately Ive been in a really bad mental state and don’t know where to turn. I’m scared I’m  gonna end up like my brother and I cant even imagine what that would do to my mom. 


Sorry for the wall of text but I appreciate it if you read the whole thing, just felt like I needed to get this off my chest because its been bothering me a lot lately.