I don't want to die, but know that I must.I feel as though I always had the potential of killing myself or that I was more likely to do so than the average person. To them suicide is unthinkable and for me, especially recently, its all I can think about. I think what has finally pushed me over the edge is the fact that I am now graduating from university in a few months and don't really know what to do. This has been a weight on my mind for a while but it is still bearable. What has really pushed me over the edge is a class that I am taking next quarter. I planned on becoming a teacher and so I am taking some educatin classes for the minor while I major in history. One of these classes that I am taking for the minor requires a 30 observation hours in a class room and the though of having to go through the process to get that done is terrifying to me, so much so that I would rather die. I have always been afraid of applications and their process and now it looks like it will finally kill me. I don't feel like I can just not go for the minor though, what would my parents think of me? I already see myself as a failure what would be left of me if I couldn't do this? So I have decided to drive down to a bridge near me that is more than tall enough to ensure death, I have tried about 7 times before but can never gain the nerve to do so because I always convince myself that maybe I can go on living. Now though the deadline is here and I can't do it. I feel bad for my parents, they have done nothing but love and support me, and I love them for it, but I have realized in my 23 years of life that I am incapable of accomplishing anything and incapable of loving myself. There is no one that can help me, and if there was I wouldn't take it because I don't deserve it. 
Its funny in a way, I never used to self harm until I took this class and now I can't stop, my arm looks like a farmer just got done plowing his field. Whats also strange is how proud I  felt after I got done cutting, like it was proof that I was allowed to feel the way I did. After all, really depressed people are the ones who cut right (my mind would say), so this is proof that you are mentally ill and that means your bad feelings are valid. I was finally allowed to feel sad after I started cutting. Suicide is just the next step in this validation latter. If I kill myself all my feelings of worthlessness and hopelessness were valid. It would finally be OK for me to feel my emotions. 
I only hope that I have the strength to finally jump when I get there, and have my first and only success.