It is all my fault.I have no one to talk to. I’m 17 and I hate myself.

I don’t even know where to start. I just hate myself. I really don’t know what to do. I can’t make friends. I can’t get into relationships. It is all my fault. I am an awful, annoying person. Nothing seems real anymore. I can’t talk to anyone because no one cares. I don’t care. I don’t like myself. I am a mess, I don’t like sleeping and I don’t like waking up. 

I always try to change. But it is all my fault I can’t because It is never enough. I try too hard. How can I stop? I can’t talk about these things because everyone just seems to go away because they are annoyed by me. I hate myself so much. 

I always think of Lip Gallagher's speech to his friend, about starting over. I wish I could start over. I have everything too. I just...don’t like myself and I mess it all up. I am a loser. I am my own worst enemy. I am embarrassing and annoying. And maybe it may just be high school, I don’t know. I don’t really care. I am weak, I let everyone push me over. I wish I wasn’t like this. I wish I had someone to talk to. People always come and go, but it seems like everytime I try to talk about my problems everything ignores me. Why is it cool to not care? 

I take everything seriously. I don’t have any good comebacks. I feel crazy. I can’t even finish a screenplay. I’ll probably delete this when I feel better. I just don’t know how it’s so easy for everyone. 

My only real friend told me she doesn’t like to talk to me anymore. I don’t blame her. I am mean to her, and I don’t know why. I want to die. I really hate myself. I can’t accept myself because...well, if you knew, you’d understand. I can’t change, I mean, I can keep trying, but it’s never enough. I don’t know what to do. I don’t know how to be. I don’t know how to be the person I want to be. It feels so good to cry. I haven’t cried in a long time. I don’t want to go to school tomorrow but I have too. I already missed too many days. Its not like my school cares. 

I don’t know what to do anymore. I am so alone and I can’t talk to anyone. Can anyone help me? I just need you to understand that I am much better then where I was a year ago, but I still don’t like myself. I’ve stopped doing things that I use to do, so maybe that can give me some hope. I just don’t know what to do. 

I am aware of all the things I do. I just wish I wasn’t. We always tell ourselves stories of how our lives will be, who we will be...but those are just stories. Life isn’t a story, it’s life. 

I can’t even breath sometimes. I feel so tired and weak. I feel like I am doomed. And it’s all my fault. I feel so mad at myself. I don’t know why I do the things I do. I am pathetic. 
