scared.I grew up as a child prodigy: always getting perfect grades, singing locally and pre-professionally, and being every parent's dream. Now that I'm older and the stakes are higher I can't cope with the pressure and I'm crumbling. I just want to make my parents happy again but I can't even give that to them because I'm just a shitty person at my core. Some days like today I barely eat because everything feels so terrible that even the foods that give me a sliver of happiness taste like mush. Sometimes I bang my head against the wall hoping that a switch will click and I'll be the person that they want me to be. I've always been a people pleaser. I've always done what they wanted me to do, so now that I'm not who they want me to be anymore, I don't even know who "me" is. I'm not good at anything I used to be good at. All the special traits I had that made me *me* are gone. Now I'm just a failure. My mom and dad always say that they'll support me no matter what, but I know that they've given up on pushing me because they're scared I'll break. I've gained severe anxiety and almost depression from the amount of pressure my parents have placed on me, but it never was like I was doing what they wanted me to do against my own will. I knew  I was good at what I did, I wanted to be something they could be proud of. I wanted their compliments and humblebrags on Facebook about my newest achievements. I love them so much and I want them to be happy. They've always loved me, and I've taken it for granted. Now that the dynasty of being a child prodigy is over, I don't know who I am anymore, and it's terrifying. I push myself to stay alive everyday because if I comitted suicide I could never forgive myself for doing that to my parents. I could never cause them that emotional pain. I'm strong enough to keep myself afloat. That doesn't mean that I'm not sinking, though. Every day is a battle within myself to not just sleep all day and pretend that everything is fine when it's not fine and I just want it to be fine and I feel so stuck and all hope is fading and I just wanna be happy again without worrying about the eventual tsunami of sadness that comes with it. I'm so scared of myself, and what I can do.