I feel like a scumbagSo I'm 20 and I've never really been good at expressing anything but I really don't want to try anymore honestly. 

I began 2018 freshly done with my HSC and CNA completed from the previous year and moved back to my home town to spend some quality time with my family and start building my life.

I got a job and a nice place to stay for the first time in my entire life and I was happy for awhile but then I met a girl and it sort of just fell apart from there.

We knew each other through mutual friends and we just kinda clicked right away started talking supporting each other etc... Fast forward to about halfway into the year and I'd helped her stop doing drugs and give up alcohol things I didn't really have a problem with but understood that she wanted my help stopping herself.

I honestly wouldn't give up the memories from this time in my life for anything but it didn't last.

She had been staying with me for about 4 months when out of the blue I come home from work and find all of her things gone don't hear a word from her for 2 days she then calls me high as a kite on cocaine telling me she loves me and misses me but isn't coming back.

I block her on everything and give myself a few months to get over it start seeing other people because I needed someone to talk to about it.

Wind up having meaningless sex with alot of women that didn't deserve a one night stand but I was feeling like scum and did it anyway.

Once again fast forward a bit doing my usual thing chatting up a girl I barely know planning to hook up etc...

She comes over and wow I actually have fun and don't even have sex with her, we have alot in common actually and I feel like I'm having a real connection so for most of the time I know her we go out and just hang around with our friends and do regular stuff enjoy life I forget about all the bad shit from earlier this year.

We eventually start dating and having casual sex which is fine with me it actually made me feel really wanted and I trusted her but about a week ago today I'm walking out of a dollar store with her and her "husband" appears out of nowhere and punches me asking "wtf have you been doing with my wife all night huh?" And me being confused just push him off me and ask what the hell he's talking about.

Long story short she's married and lied to me about everything she told me even her name, they leave in his truck and I go back home for a good cry.

I've been feeling broken ever since and every day I try to smile but with everything that's happened this year I just don't have the energy to try anymore I regret all the casual sex and time I put into basically everything I'm just so done with every.

I feel like nothing matters anymore because everyone will just use me.