A decade of depression and failure and there really isn't anything for meIt all started when I was ten years old.

I was the oldest of four boys in my family. At the start of fourth grade, I was taking piano lessons, swimming competitively with a local swim team, in the gifted and talented program, an avid reader, and doing relatively well academically.

Then fourth grade happened.

In my grade school, that was the year that we would start switching classrooms throughout the day. We would stay with the same teacher in the morning, then cycle through all three teachers for science, writing, and state history during the afternoon.

The teacher I had in the mornings was a real bitch. She was the lady *all* of the other kids in the whole school told me to avoid like the plague, so of course at the end of third grade when I found out she was going to be my fourth grade teacher, I wasn't excited in the least bit.

I don't really remember a lot of specific details about my fourth grade experience, but I do remember that about eight weeks in to the year I started getting horrible stomachaches during school, feeling like an idiot, and I would frequently tell my parents that I didn't want to go do school. This continues until early March, when after numerous visits with the school counselor, a series of extensive psychological testing, quitting all my extracurricular activities, and a visit with a guy who I think was my mom's therapist, I got transferred into a different class. I still had to deal with that first teacher, but it was only for about forty-five minutes a day instead of the entire morning and some of the afternoon.

Fast forward to sixth grade. I'm twelve, and my dad was on a sabbatical from the university he was teaching at. Second semester of sixth grade, my family moves to a tiny town in North Texas to live with my grandparents (my dad's dad and stepmother, my dad's parents split when he was eleven, so he didn't get to spend much time with his dad growing up) for the remainder of the school year. I go to a school with thirteen kids in my class including me. None of whom I feel any sort of connection to. I was horridly alone for a whole semester of school. No friends, and no real reason to put any effort in. The material that was being covered down there was the same shit I had learned two years ago in fourth grade, so I didn't learn anything new.

Church was another story. I was raised in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. When I was in Texas, my mother insisted that we go to a ward with enough youth that I could maybe make a friend.

Didn't happen.

I didn't relate to anybody. The other kids were complete assholes to me and I felt like shit every week I went because I was treated like shit.

Fast forward to the start of seventh grade. School was fine. I was back in my hometown and having the shitty middle school experience that everybody has.

Church was the different story.

For some reason, people were major cunts to me. There was one kid in particular who would just be a complete asshole to me. Granted, he was an asshole to almost everyone, but it still was a really shitty situation to be in. I told my parents multiple times that I just didn't want to go anymore, but they just told me to stop acting like I'm so put-upon and sent me anyway. They didn't understand exactly how shitty it was for me until earlier this year when I spoke out on kids having a shit time in the church's youth programs.

Toward the end of eighth grade, I had my first romantic relationship. She was great. Super cute, and at last somebody I felt I could trust to confide in, because I had given up on confiding in my parents at this point.

The summer was rough. My school district started high school in ninth grade, so we had both started to go to the same school. She broke it off with me the first week of high school, and of course I blamed myself, and still do, actually, for completely destroying the relationship with my neediness and loneliness that came with not being able to confide in anybody.

That was the first time I seriously thought about killing myself. I had a plan (which I won't talk about because of don't be explicit rule), but my parents found out and shoved me into a joint therapy with my mother.

I'll just get this out of the way here. I *don't* like my mother. She's extremely manipulative and a major control freak. Until recently I feel like she's been critically surveying every action I take in life and that there's no escape from her ever watchful eye.

Therapy with my mother was awful. I already knew that if I said even one thing that remotely hurt her feelings, she would bitch about it to my dad, who would in turn come back to me and tell me that I need to be more wary of how she feels. This led to a huge walking-on-eggshells type thing and ultimately led to furthering the emotional gap between myself and my parents because I couldn't tell them anything without hurting my mother's precious feelings.

Anyway, all that shit led to me not being open at all during the therapy sessions and I would just tell the counselor what I thought my mom wanted to hear.

Come February of ninth grade, my dad tells me that we're moving across the state. The university he was working at had been treating him like shit, so he accepted a self-employed gig at an economic consulting firm (he's a first gen college student with a PhD in Economics).

I was heartbroken to hear this news, of course. I was being torn from my friends, *again,* and planted in a new place.

Tenth grade starts. I was heavily invested in the music program in ninth grade, and was eager to contribute to the music program at my new school.

Ha no.

My band director at the new school was a cunt. I don't even know if he liked his job. He would spend most of our class time talking about how horrible we are and how much we would waste time, while being seemingly unaware that he was wasting a shit ton of time going on and on and on about how awful we were. I had *plenty* of ideas that I shared, that my peers thought were good and productive, but that director wouldn't even listen to. All the while the music program at my old school had the best year they've had in years. That I didn't get to experience.

Fast forward to eleventh grade. I was drum major, which is a pretty big leadership position. I thought I finally had the chance to make a positive change in the shithole that was my second high school's band program.

Oh hell was I ever wrong.

Everything I tried to do, that once again was *supported* by my peers, was shut down hard by that director. He even flat out told me that he didn't even think I would be a good leader and just gave me the position for shits and giggles.

After dealing with that guy's bullshit for eighteen months (the start of tenth grade to the end of the first semester in eleventh grade), I finally gave up on the music program. It was one of the hardest things I had ever had to do because I was so passionate about music (and still am today).

Surprise surprise, the second semester of eleventh grade was great. School life was pretty okay, and church life was finally good again.

Then, the July after eleventh grade, my family moves again. I had *finally* made some actual friends and allowed myself to form emotional bonds with people again, and there I go. Uprooted.

My last year of high school was pretty good. I had gotten back into the music programs, both band and choir this time, and I felt like I had a voice again. 

At the start of my last semester of high school, I started to feel the pressure of growing up. To put it simply, I didn't want to, and I didn't have the means to, either. I never really had a shot at independence because my mother would just push and shove me into whatever *she* thought was good for me, and when I tried to do something on my own, *she* thought I was doing it wrong and "set me straight."

I started dating again right at the end of high school. I loved this woman more than I ever thought I would, and she changed my life for what I believe to be the better. I was working a really shitty landscaping job in the summer (any of you who have experience with humidity should know my pain), and she helped me get through it.

That summer, I was called to serve in the Brazil Londrina mission for the church. I was struggling with a pornography addiction (which again, my parents didn't think was a big deal, even though I told them it was a huge deal for me) at the time, and my departure date was delayed by about twelve weeks so I could get past the addiction.

Through this time, my girlfriend was very supportive of me, even though her home life was also less than ideal.

I finally left for Brazil in February of 2014, almost a year after graduating high school.

That was a nightmare.

I started to become extremely depressed again, to the point where I was losing dangerous amounts of sleep. I was out there for less than two weeks when I could feel myself shutting down and shutting out everything else. My mission companion and my teachers were very supportive and would actively reach out to me, but I didn't know what to do.

After talking to a therapist down there and the Mission president in the area I was in, we decided it would be best for me to return home.

I was out for three weeks. February wasn't even over yet.

My parents shoveled thousands of dollars to help me get there, only to have it all go down the toilet.

I didn't receive the warmest of welcomes on my return home. For some reason, my parents expected me to be completely broken, and apparently didn't think that I would be beyond happy to see them and the rest of my family again. My mom, who had basically quit religion by now yet still insisted on pushing it on her children, was ballistic. My first night back was extremely traumatizing.

Girlfriend, though, was the only person in my life who was patient and understanding about the whole dilemma, even though she was having a pretty shitty time in her last year of high school.

I'm nineteen years old at this point. I didn't feel like a welcome resident in my home because my parents seemed disappointed in me. I had finally started one on one therapy, which had helped. It got me on a medication that kind of eased the pain a little.

During July of last year, I started seriously thinking about suicide again. It first came as an intrusive thought, then became the only thing on my mind. I was also diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and mild PSTD at this time.

My relationship with this girl was becoming stressful, too. We were both going to the same university in the fall, and planning was taking a toll on her. My emotional state and her family was no help, either. I wanted to provide support, but could find no way to.

We both started school last September. And, just like with my first girlfriend, she broke it off with me right as school started. I of course was devastated. I was alone again. I had nobody to confide in. I had no emotional support.

I started seriously contemplating suicide yet again in October of last year. After Halloween, I didn't get out of bed. Three weeks in to November, I find out ex-girlfriend was still caring about me and told my parents about the shitty situation I was in.

Parents freak the fuck out, I go to the hospital that I can't afford.

After my stay in the hospital, I was on a new medication and had deferred my enrollment at school for the semester. I spent December in my apartment. I turn twenty in the period between hospital and Christmas.

I go home and see my parents over Christmas break. They paid for me to come home because I don't have any money. It was nice seeing my dad and my brothers again. Of course, I have a rough time with my mother almost immediately after getting back.

The next semester of school started in January of this year.

By February, I'm still not getting out of bed. I withdrew from school that month. A year of student loans down the drain with nothing to show for it, and another shit ton of my parents' money wasted.

A friend of mine from my first high school bought his parents' house and was renting out space. I move in with him and two other friends from my first high school. At last, I'm not alone anymore.

Or so I thought.

I got a job at a restaurant a month later in April, and I immediately come to love the people there. I'm still barely making enough money to pay rent and buy food, but I'm still alive.

Things get tense between my landlord (friend who bought his parents' house) and I. I feel like I'm shit at my job.

That leads into today. I got let go at my job today. It was about as positive as losing a job can get. My general manager gave me his best wishes, offered to write me letters of recommendation, and asked to be listed as a reference on future job applications. He's a great guy, really, but he had to think about the restaurant from a business standpoint and the job wasn't for me. Now I'm without my new network of friends.

I get home from work today and my landlord tells me he doesn't want me living in his house and to get out as soon as I'm financially stable enough to do so. I have fifty-three cents in my savings account, and seventy-five dollars in my checking account, the entirety of which is going to paying bills.

I'm alone again.

I can't go to my parents about this. They can't support me financially. I already know that. Over the last several weeks, I've been feeling more and more that I'm not cut out for life or anything in it. Living just isn't for me. I've been alone for so long and I don't have anybody to go to for emotional support. I feel guilty for losing my job, I feel guilty for draining my parents' wallets, I feel guilty for being a shit tenant. Once again, I'm seriously considering ending my life.

I don't know how to go on. I just can't afford it. Money is a foreign object to me. I'm tired of being a financial burden on other people. My student loans will be forgiven if I die.

There's nowhere for me to go, I have no one, and I don't know what to do. I took three times the normal dose of a melatonin supplement to help me sleep away my problems for the night, but I slept for maybe three hours and then woke up. I'm probably going to take more. I've been having a lot of nightmares lately, and melatonin can make your dreams even more vivid, but I don't care. Even if my dreams are shitty it's better than living in real life.