Not meant for this worldI've been coming to the conclusion that I was simply not made for this world. I am irrationally empathetic, especially with those closest to me. I have a nature of literally only taking care of others and not myself, and I get severely disgusted whenever I do nice things for myself. Sometimes I'll go days on end of not eating or drinking- simply bent on the thought of my desire to help and care for others. My body can't take it anymore.

Shit hit the fan pretty bad for me when the virus started to break out across the US. I was forced to move from the first place I had truly called home- college. It was my first year there, away from an abusive and neglecting family that had abandoned me once before. People genuinely cared for me at the college I was at, and I felt a sense of well-being that I had never before experienced in my life. The virus ripped me out of my dorm and sent me back home to an older brother and father that are constantly on edge, ready to explode. 

The last and only thing I could put my hope in were my grandparents. My grandma is the most loving and caring person I have ever met and she is easily my closest friend. My grandpa always provided me the greatest advice and support. One week back at home, continuing the spring semester online, I got news that my grandpa was hospitalized for a severe and complicated medical condition. To add on, my grandma's knees gave out and she too was hospitalized for a close-to-death heart attack. I immediately went over to be with them in the hospital and I would go on to take care of them back at their home for the rest of the semester. It was by far the most stressful time of my life. Having to stay on top of schoolwork, provide consistent care for my grandparents, and manage my own health (heart and mental issues) was extremely difficult. But I was more than willing to do anything for my grandparents because of all that they had done for me.

After a tragic fall and a brutal season of hospice, my grandpa passed. At that point, I couldn't take it any more. I promised myself 7 years ago that the pain I felt after my other grandpa passed, I was not going to go through it again. I was going to do whatever it took to not have to bear with another loved ones death. And so here I am now. I was not strong enough to care for my grandpa, and I failed him. I failed my grandma for not being the kind of support that she needed. I don't deserve the right to live because of my faults. I've just been so numb ever since he passed that I completely have no idea what to do.