Trying to start my life going and I need help?"Hey ya'll! This is going to be long and confusing, probably. I'm not redacting all of this. I'm writing as I go. Close this tab if you don't like reading a stupid story of someone who's acting like a total teenager at age 28.
Let's start with introductions in this rather dim-lit subreddit. I'm a 28 year old guy living in a popular tourist-trap capital in western Europe. I have a kick-ass job, great friends and a life generally envied by said friends, according to said friends. My colleagues are from all over the planet and incredibly fun to be around. My family is in relatively good health and my apartment is so kick-ass that I'm getting couchsurfing requests even though I'm not a member.
I'm also, according to online questionnaires anyway, depressed. Now, I've worked in healthcare. I don't trust those "sit and talk" people one bit. Nor do I trust their medications. So I am not even going to attempt that. I've seen it, I've reported over it, I don't want to be a part of it. I'm depressed. Yay. First step: complete. My name is [unknown] and I'm a depressed person.
Recently, my mood has gone from a 7 out of 10 to a solid 2 out of 10. I can't seem to enjoy anything anymore. My friends try to pull me out of my self-inflicted shell of distancing from them, but I really can't bring up the energy to even fake it. I'm stuck inside of my own head. All the good things aside: I'm so bored. I'm so incredibly apathetic towards everything. The only things that move me anymore are my friends and, to some extent, watching some tv-shows that I download.
None of my former hobbies (gaming, playing sports, etc.) matter anymore. I try, I really do, but they are boring now. I've always thought this was a mere "growing up" kind of symptom, not necessarily a sign of mental distress. But now I'm wondering... because I've been crying for about 5 hours straight. I swear to all that is good and awesome in the world: if I had a gun, I'd be dead right now.
I just don't see it anymore. I'm getting paid, then I spend money on rent, food, insurances, some "fun" here and there, and then it starts all over again. Is this the life I'm leading? Ah, mind you: this was last year's mindset. Since then, I've tried to kick my ass to get into the next gear and try things I never thought I'd do. I did some crazy shit, things that made me feel "alive" (try to understand the meaning behind this word) ever so slightly. And it worked, temporarily...
Until now. I've been crashing today. Just crying over my own fate. I'm single, my personality is too cautious to ever land a girlfriend that I'd acknowledge as someone that isn't merely settling. I'm honestly under the impression that any girl that likes me has bad taste, and I instantly dislike her in return.
The lack of love in my life is killing me. The loneliness is killing me. And though it's hard to understand: it's a choice, I can be around friends every day if I so please. I just... can't. It drains so much energy. The faking that I already do is making me physically ill. I'm currently at the point of wondering "Why?" -- what makes this all worth it? If I'm gone, a funeral/cremation will happen, and two weeks later every single person that attended it will be back at work. They'll have birthday parties. Life goes on.
I can't stand the thought of being lonely for the rest of this year, nor settling for someone just to escape that feeling. The few people I had an intimate connection with aren't interested in me in the way I'd like them to be. I can't imagine being 30 and still feeling this way. The easiest way out seems to be to just cave in to the temptation of nothingness. I actually have it all planned out: a sure-fire way of committing suicide. Not half measures. Instant death.
But, of course there's a but, I'm posting here. I'm looking for positive advice from people more experienced. People who have gone through these motions. I really, really want to end this life. But I'm fully aware that suicide can be played out in more than one way: I just want to get rid of the current "me". I don't need to stop my heartbeat for it. I just want to be a better person...
So.
Here's something. I have a killing case of the "afraid to commit"-ness. Additionally, I haven't known displays of love, ever. My parents never hugged or kissed anyone, not even me. This has hindered relationships all my life. I want to change, but I have absolutely no idea how. This is what I believe to be the basis of my state of mind... I've had plenty of relationships with the other sex, but I've never been able to actually make someone feel loved. I'm entirely incapable of it... and trust me: I'm a damn great actor when it comes to "fake it till you make it," it just doesn't seem to work...
So in contrast to this subreddit: please, please... please help me kill the person that I am today, help me become a better person. Before I give up. Because I'm damn close to giving up by now. I need help from people. I don't need drugs.
Thanks so much..."

Hey Reddit , I found this today just distressing how I could start something meaningful and useful to the world. This sounds just like me, except I'm not suicidal. And im younger. This is horrifying to read.

Help me? 