Do i tell him.?First off i just want to say, that i dont need help. Im past that and i am certain this is how i will go. I've been depressed for years, and for years, I've thought daily of killing myself. Maybe even multiple times a day, there's not a day that goes by that I don't think about it. I have happy days, where it'll pass my mind for a second but then when I smoke it distracts me. But the drugs only last for so long, and now they don't even work anymore, they just make me want to kill myself even more. I have tried and was so close, but didn't quite make it. I have a job, i have a wonderful boyfriend, and I just... Don't understand why I can't be happy. It's been this way, for a really long time. I love him... And he brings me happiness but lately, he's been going up and I've just been going down. He didn't have a job for the longest, now he does and he's so happy to get his life together. He wants to move out of my parents next week,  and he wants me to come with him, but I cant. I feel myself getting worse and worse everyday, i just don't want to bring him down. I have been planning this for a very long time, i just want to make it to my 18th birthday, just 4 months away.. But with each passing day I just don't think i can wait anymore. A few months ago, i cheated on my boyfriend, i slept with my ex. It was one time,  how he found out? He went through my phone, i felt terrible and I wasn't going to tell him but he found out anyways, which i knew would happen, because what doesn't come out in the wash always comes out in the rinse. You know? He has forgave me for it, he's giving me another chance. We've been dating almost a year now. He doesn't bring it up anymore, and I can't seem to keep it off my mind. Everything I never wanted to be, everything I despised, i fucking became. A cheater.  A liar. A whore, a fucking piece of shit. I never thought I would do something like that to him... But I did and I cannot forgive myself for it. He has never cheated on Me  (Not that I know of), except flirted here and then with girls. Not shit compared to what I fucking did to him. I broke his heart. I hate the person ive became. Everytime I look at him I just see what I did to him, and I know I don't deserve him. My parents are pieces of shit, my family is gone, when my goga died they stopped acknowledging my existence. I have no friends,  because i distanced myself from all of them. They want nothing to do with me because of the fact I'm working too much, and I'm always going ghost. The only one who will miss me, will be my boyfriend. He has a great family... a big one too. And he has friends who care about him, i feel he will be better off without a fucking person like me, and I feel like I should tell him..tell him how I've been feeling late because  I feel like he needs to know but I don't want to be stopped, what do i do?  the 3rd time is supposed to be the charm. I'm also scared of telling him, because i don't want him to be upset, i don't want him to be mad because im having problems.. I don't want him to be mad because his life is falling perfectly together, while mine is crumbling apart. Cheating on my boyfriend is not the sole reason i want to die. There have been so many things leading up to it, so many factors. I have been ready to go for so long. I have tried, tried, fucking tried reaching out for help, to my bestfriend, who is no longer my friend, and my brother. My brother told me i needed to get through it on my own, and I had the walk the path of life alone, when i told him i wanted to die and because of that i will never try to get better again. My boyfriend knows I'm depressed... I don't think he really sees how much though... I love him dearly but I don't want to wake up anymore,  i just want to close my eyes, and meet my goga on the other side. I'm so conflicted. He will definitely try to stop me if I tell him but I feel I need too... sometimes I wish he would just leave so it would make it easier for me.