I have my first real final exam tomorrow which I haven’t studied for, and I feel like I want to kill myself rather than taking the test and failingI’m doing a dual credit college algebra course, and it’s going to end tomorrow morning. Other than this course, I’ve never really done a true test before. My school finds different ways to see if we learnt what was taught in class. But not having done tests before, this class was such a hard introduction to a college level course. 
Tomorrow is my final that’s worth 30% of my total grade. I have to take it at 9:00, so I can’t study any more at this point. If I get anything less than 75%, I will get an F in the class. I’ve tried studying for the test but none of it is working and I’m 100% sure that I will fail. I’ve never taken a final and I’m not getting any help on studying tips or anything from anyone around me. They assume it will be fine. They’re wrong, I know it won’t be fine.
If I fail this class, my GPA will plummet and I don’t have many other graded classes I’ve done, so this one will affect my entire GPA. I’m not going to be able to get into college. And if I can’t get into college, what the hell am I going to do.

I’m the only one in my family who isn’t some super smart A+ student who is top of their class and who already has scholarships for college. I’m a failure. I’m shit. I should just die if I’m going to ruin my life like this. If my life is going to go to shit, so I might as well take control of the situation and kill myself... It’s already been really hard this past year for me. In January I started getting really bad periods of suicidal ideation. It happens every week. It already take so much strength to prevent I’m ok. It’ll be easier to kill myself at this point...

But I don’t actually know if I can do it. I’m still teetering on the edge of cutting my wrists tomorrow while my parents are out, or taking the test and ruining my life and disappointing everyone. 
What do I do...? I don’t really want to die yet, but I still want to kill myself... and I know I can’t live with myself being a fucking failure. I just feel so lost...