I want to kill myself... and it seems like all signs point to it too...Let me start out by saying, I have probably been dealing with depression and anxiety since the age of 13-14, I am 22 now.... I've always seemed to get through it, I would snap out of it after a while. But for the past two months.. seems like it has been worse then ever, and it just keeps getting bad. Everyday I seem to end up getting depressed like to the point where I feel like this darkness is just holding me hostage and I've just been letting it happen; it's honestly to the point where I am like okay I'm never going to get better so why even try anymore. What makes it even harder is that I literally have no one to talk to, my fiancé doesn't get it and I'm too scared to go to my friends because I don't want to put that type of burden on them, they have their own problems.. I feel like I'm going nowhere in life and I never will go anywhere in life, I feel worthless and I feel like I'm a failure. That's all I'm ever going to do in life is fail. I've tried many things, I started drawing again... it helps but I end up getting suicidal/depressed  again. I think what doesn't help is that I feel so alone, like I have my fiancé but he doesn't even pay attention to me, I'm right next to him almost everyday and he just plays his games and what not... which is cool but not when it's every second of the day... I literally have no one to talk to.. I sit in silence... I try I initiate a conversation but we always just end up fighting somehow... and as for my mom, she's never been a support system whatsoever... every time I get in this mood, she says get over it.. you have nothing to be upset about it isn't anything like in the meanest way possible, she calls me worthless, always has since I was a kid. She doesn't care if I kill myself, she's said it her self... point is it's been like this for a while and I don't see any reason to stay I honestly feel like they all want me to kill myself. Everything I've said doesn't even cover half of how it's been. I just feel mentally exhausted and I don't want to go through this anymore, I believe that my time here is over and it should've been over a long time ago..