At a point where I feel ready to go..Hello good people of reddit and SW,

This is attempt number four at trying to write this topic. I'm writing  here because I feel I'm ready to end my life soon. I'm so freaking tired of feeling empty and bored. Nothing interests me and even if someone or something does pique my curiosity, apathy comes out the winner every single time. I have been almost completely inactive in all fields of life for the past 3 years. I would say the last 6 years, but the situation got to where it is in the beginning of the university (which was 3 years ago).

It wasn't anything new for me to constantly feel down and unhappy, uninterested in everything. It started weighing me down heavily when  I went to the university where I was completely unable to make any friends or motivate myself to study. It's hard finding any motivation when your mind keeps saying "Don't worry, it doesn't matter since you'll be dead soon anyway". 

I had promised myself to end it after high school, but I figured maybe a new start in a new town in the university could do me some good.. Turns out it was a tremendous waste of time, energy and my parents' money. Since I'm not from a wealthy family, not by a long shot, the guilt over this is adding to the already poisonous mix of emotions.

On the better days looking to the future always made me a little more happy and hopeful, but those days have long gone. After the last semester, apathy ruled supreme and I didn't even study for the exams.    Obviously I failed them. I thought I'd start therapy and start anew in another field in the autumn. My hope for a second chance was crushed  so I figured, I'd go until the end of the summer.. Now the summer is over, the next semester has started and I plan to commit suicide before I need to pay the tuition. Rational side of my brain says they can at least use the money for the funeral..

.. however I really do not want to cause this pain to my family, especially my sister. My mother is having a hard time as it is, and having a weak and unstable psyche, this will be truly awful. That is my biggest fear, I just can't bare the thought of putting my loved ones through this hell. However, with my lifestyle and health, I'm bound to live unhappily for at least another 20 years (and if a heart attack or a stroke won't get me, then 40). Their combined grief doesn't come close to that in terms of units of time. 

As far as friends go, I suppose I have been semi-intentionally distancing myself from them for years now. I still go to parties and other social events. I make people laugh, I'm the spirit of the company a lot of the time.. I always put on this fake happy facade while I'm so terribly bored and tired. The only time this front broke down was the party where we celebrated the summer's end. And only one person assumed I was feeling down, everyone else thought I was simply lost in thought. So well have I deceived them.. I have never spoken to anyone how I feel and what's going on in my mind. Coming up with shallow useless chitchat and jokes is easy to keep them entertained. God help them if anyone even once bothered to ask how I was doing. Why I typed the last sentence, I don't even know. I am completely incapable of saying anything about how I feel anyway. I've always considered my worries my burden to bear alone.

I am tired of living. I don't see any reason to continue. 10 minutes of pain it would take me to suffocate while hanging from a rope as opposed to a lifetime's worth of unhappiness and ennui? Seems like a fair trade. The chances of me seeing a therapist or talking to anyone are.. well look at it this way: it took me 4 attempts to write a post here.. a really general post, anonymously.. I feel there's no way I will talk myself out of it this time (I've hit this low once before, last year), at least I gave life one final chance on the Internet.