Why should I not commit suicide? 27/MI'm a 27 years old male who failed at everything you can fail in life. The last 7 years consisted of procrastination, laziness, apathy and life failures/missed opportunities which resulted in a diagnosis of major depression when I was 24 (the first time I went to a doctor for psychological treatment). I did absolutely nothing worth mentioning and feel like a complete joke. Since then hopelessness, shame, regret and rumination rule my day to day life. I went to a therapist for a year and he was somewhat helpful in showing me different solutions to my hopelessness, one of them being moving to another town and changing my environment. I am also aware that exercise helped me with my depression, particular weightlifting (which I stopped after becoming suicidal) and bjj which I started a month ago, but when I stop exercising for 3 days I experience suicidal ideation. I am at a point in my life where I can say "fuck it" and do whatever I want. I COULD say something along the lines of :" fuck whatever happened in the past and start living the life you wanted to live NOW"!, but guilt, shame, feelings of inadequacy and suicidal ideation is ruling over my life. I am very handsome if I continue going to the gym, I look young for my age, love art and literature and could have great success (my own definition of personal success) in those areas if I would work disciplined and hard. I have an amazing family which I don't deserve and which I put under a lot of stress. 

My plan is to move to another city (Berlin, I am German btw) and completely start my life afresh in all areas of life (art university, dating, exercise etc.), but I feel so far behind in life it's laughable. 60% of the last 3 years consisted of suicidal thoughts, which would completely destroy my family if I would make a move in that direction (my uncle committed suicide 1 year ago and it was hard for my aunt and mom).
I just have the feeling that I will always ruminate about "minor stuff" from my past which may seem minor but are not minor to me. Things like shit jobs I had and idiotic things I have done or not done. The person I was from age 20-24 is so different to me, I just can't believe how I could have been SO dumb and apathetic. I also tend to ruminate about the origins of my depression but at the same time I think that it is not depression but that I am just an extremely shitty human being. I really haven't done anything in the last years except part time jobs and going sometimes to mediocre concerts or meetups with friends which were completely meaningless. The life I had was so different than the one I envisioned when I came out of high school and it's making me extremely irritable. Should I go again to therapy? I don't know if cbt will help me or what other kind of therapy there is. I constantly wish I would get shot or murdered in a dark alley. I have seen the Joker movie a month ago with a friend and wished that some spree killer would shoot me in the face instead of enjoying the movie.

Anyway, sorry for the stream-of-consciousness rage. Whoever read this:I am thankful for it.