hello there don't know what I'm doing here.So I don't really know what to say. I never thought id get this close to killing my self. In all honesty, I felt like I had my emotions in check. its just everything falling down on me all at once. now first off I know if I was to kill my self it would be selfish, I had already talked to my sister about my feelings, she was devastated and pissed. not at me but my now ex girlfriend. it put a lot of stress on her so I don't know if I want to go back to her, so I'm trying Reddit. so I cant make sence of this but I want to kill my self, even though I know that would be stupid... I just cant shake the feeling. its gotten worse and worse over the past two weeks. so to start off I should explain why I feel this way I guess. me and my girlfriend recently broke up cause of my trust issues. looking back on it now I was being stupid and I should have just given her the space she needed, but I was stressing about school. also there was a possibility that she cheated on my and gave me a std, I wont know till I get test . the thing is I loved this girl so much that I wouldn't have cared. in fact she went out drinking with a random guy, and I just let my trust issues mess with my head. well previously I was stressing about falling behind on my bills and I guess with everything going on I go so stressed I got sick for a week and got written up. I don't know how I'm goanna be able to continue to pay for school either. I go to the Uni in my town and I'm working on my bio degree . I dreamed about being a doctor and I can kinda see that dream slipping. the weirdest part of this is I just miss my ex so much that all these other factor don't seem to be taking up as much space in my head. I have a vary supportive family , but I could almost feel my self slipping to the point of no return. it feels like I'm drowning and this morning i actually felt a clam come over me from the feeling of killing my self. even talking to you guys now I feel like its just a desperate cry for attention from my self. that feeling has kept me from going to people about this. I just don't know what to do, I'm afraid I'm goanna go through with it. i don't even know what any of you could even possibly tell me to not go though with it, i just thought I would give this a try, does not hurt to at least try something. I guess if I knew how to let go of someone that does not have any interest in me, that might help. I'm sorry to be putting this on you guys.