I can't live with having done thisOk trying to make this as brief as possible:

Mental breakdown around January last year. Went from an extremely heavy and skinny smoker who only ate garbage to a gym rat. Eating, eating, eating, 4000 calories of the healthiest food per day, becoming strong and healthy. Always hitting the gym. 

However: I get filled with regrets because the contrast is so huge. I feel like I'm about to die. Also get so fucking angry at myself and feel like the biggest failure ever. I mean... Who smokes!? Who neglects his health!? Only losers do that. Self-esteem below zero. Suicidal thoughts. Extremely depressed. 

I contact my ex to talk about it. Look up to her because she's 8 years older. I'm 28, she's 36. I start it off on the wrong foot with extremely negative texts like calling life pointless bullshit (fucking toxic behavior of me) she gets angry and I feel like I have to explain myself. She constantly says something I want to reply to and then blocks me so I keep making new accounts. One time she says 'you didn't change a bit and only went backwards' so I make a new account one last time to reply with 'but I did change'... Then she explodes. Writes a message to hurt me as much as possible and says she will never reply again. Says shit like 'you'll never learn how to live your life'... Saying that to me in my situation is pure poison for my brain. It's black on white and becomes engrained in my brain. Everything went wrong here. How I started it off with those negative texts and then tried to save it by continuing to make new accounts while my ex just wanted me to leave her alone. My ex also being unempethatic as fuck which makes me want to explain myself even more. Her ending it in that horribly cruel last message...

After that it keeps repeating in my head every single minute of the day. I'm so frustrated and sad that she said that to me because it completely ruins my mental health and makes me feel hopeless while she doesn't know the full story. The only thing that made me feel proud of myself is how I've turned my life around, but that feels completely in vain after her last message. I can't cope with it and constantly write messages and delete them again only to write them again everyday explaining myself and apologizing. Telling her I know it was bad what I did. She never replies. After like 4 months of doing that shit she gets rid of her instagram 😓 I wrote a last extremely personal e-mail to her work, but she left that company so it got forwarded to her co-workers. Holy shit. 

Conclusion: I've turned into a stalker. Should I kill myself? I can't live with the embarrassment and shame... It's also not something I did in the heat of the moment. I kept contacting her day after day. It's a pattern. I'm just a fucked up person.