I've Existed.for the past few years, i've been loud. i've talked to so many people, made my mark, ive just... i've been. i've been in so many peoples lives, whether it was a funny joke i made to some random kid in math class, or the girl from middle school who i awkwardly held the elevator door for, or the guy i kept a running joke with just because it made him smile a little more at the bus stop. i've impacted people, i know i have, because i've forced all this bigness inside me to reach out and touch everyone around me like it was my job.

and now i feel like it's my time to die.

its intense, i know it's intense, and it's selfish. i've been in all these peoples lives, and now i want to die? to inflict grief on all these people, who will know me? the girl who talked a lot in science. the girl who offered me half her granola bar in the library. the girl who asked about how the hot chocolate was in that one cafe last weekend. i will be known. i won't be forgotten. i've done all i can and been all of who i am.

it's unfair of me, to have been so there, to exist so loudly and confidently, that my end needs to be dramatic. i feel that i've done what i can, ive been who i could be. i have no creative drive left, i have no romantic love, i have only the love for the world and i want to take that with me.

i have no potential. life is insufferable. i cant write anymore and that's all i ever was good at, or i'll write something great and everything else will only just be good. i cant paint, im too messy, my thoughts don't connect. i forget whether i ate breakfast, forget whether i brushed my teeth before getting into bed, forget my coffee in the car, forget the due date of important finals. my memory is bad, im disorganized, i cant do what i'm good at, ive used up everything i am.

it feels like destiny. to die by suicide and right now feels like it's meant to be. i know it will hurt people, but what is left of me? no motivation. no potential. no better tomorrow. i have lived the best part of my life, so the rest of it is dull in comparison.

i am going to die soon. i don't know when, i kind of know how, but i know i will. it feels like fate. it feels like the way my story should end.