knowing what it feels like to be happy, and knowing that I lost it all because of myself makes me want to leave definitely... Guilt is killing me slowlyHi guys! Sorry in advance if there are some mistakes, english is not my birth language...

So, when I read posts here I see that a lot of you (maybe the majority?) feel alone, never had friends, some are virgin, etc, and I feel truly sorry for you all, really hope ya'll can beat the shit out of this depression... But my story is a bit different. 

So, as a kid, I used to feel alone and sad, I remember having suicidal thoughts as a child, and secondary school was like hell for me, people bullied me because I was an introvert, I did not know how to speak to the girls that I was crushing on, and the rare times that I tried, they mocked me. But with time, everything started to change. Puberty helped me a lot, and around the end of high school/ Beginning of college, I started to gain more attention, I was invited to parties, had a lot of cool friends to chill with... And the thing that made me happy the most, having girls that were interested by me lol. Gosh, I remember when I got my first kiss, my first girlfriend, I was so happy, it was like "you see, little me from the past? You made it! you were afraid of never having a girl, but there you are, with beautiful ladies around you and cool friends to have fun with!" Man... Just typing this makes me want to cry to death, I was HAPPY... I had some experiences with different girls, I was having cool times, cool experiences, living life man... I was a quite attractive mixed boy, with an athletic body, and feeling so good in my own skin was so amazing... And, of course, you don't really realize that while you are living it... 

And one day, I met THIS girl... Man I swear, I did not want anybody else. We stayed two years approximately together, she was the first woman I got so close to, the first I got to travel with, to share an appartment with... And she was really really beautiful... I remember feeling so good when other boys were looking at her, full of jealousy, today, it feels almost like a dream, I can't believe a girl like that got in my life and chose me... But, unfortunately, despite the good times I was having her, with my friends, the parties, etc, I still had some insecurities from my childhood... I think this never really goes away... And it started to turn me into a monster in some situations. Almost everytime I had argument with my girl, or everytime she disappointed me one way or another, It made me lose my mind, I was getting into a strange level of anger, and I did some things I'll never forget and always regret... Sometimes it was only screams and insults, But... It's hard for me to even write that, But sometimes, I slapped her, or spit on her, or some other violent stuff... And, one day, she decided to left, it was weird because the day she left, we were having a good time and I was doing my best to not raise my hands on her, with success this far... But she still left, and from this point, everything slowly started to get down. She told me she forgave me, but I later learned that she told her friends I was a bad person, etc, forgetting all the good things I did... She even told everything to one of MY friends. And this hurt me really really bad, she also had sex with a famous rapper, making my friends make fun of me, I don't even think they realized that it hurt me... She started to go to clubs, she became a totally different person,having multiple partners, etc, and one night she even came to my house with some friends to treaten me and get back her gifts, because she "needed money". And I got fat, because I stopped going to sport, and ate a lot to drown the pain, I started slowly losing friends, money (drugs, food...), and here I am, one year later, fat, alone, full of remorse... And the thing is that I KNOW what it feels like to be truly happy, to be handsome, to be popular... But I lost all that,because of me and only me. I also lost faith in god. Every night, I cry thinking of my violent behaviour with my ex, EVERY NIGHT. I keep asking for forgiveness in my head, I keep saying I'm sorry, because this guilt is really destroying me, I hate myself for my own bullshit and I came to the conclusion that I deserve death for what I did. It's been one year now since she left me, and there's not a day when I don't thinkabout it. I dont love her anymore, I don't want her back, But I want to die, sometimes I even wish I never knew all this happiness. I feel like it would have been less painful if I had been depressed and ugly all my life; for example, you can't miss the taste of a cake you never ate, maybe you'll find it attractive, you'll be like "Oh I'd ike to taste it so much", but once you tasted it... It's different, you KNOW how it is, and knowing that you won't be able to it eat anymore is even more painful because you miss its taste... Well, I feel like it's the same for my life... And I think about jumping from my buiding everyday, I consider maybe doing it the day of my birthday.