Considering ending it, feel like a burden on everyone...So what to say about my life. My parents split when I was 9. Usual drama ensues. I don't do well at school, get kicked to a 'bad kids school'. Years pass, want to live with dad. Nothing bad with my mum, I just felt it was unfair, wanted to be with both of them. Lol I used to have these moments where I'd daydream and this curtain would pull back telling me it was all just a game and everything goes back to normal. Wasn't long anyway till I found out how selfish my dad was and how uncaring he was. I could say more but would rather not. He dumped me to live with my nan and uncles. But they too were horrible. I was treated like shit, got beat, no love what so ever. At this point in my life I don't even remember the last time I even got a hug. The only thing that kept me going, my escape from all this, was my gameboy and pokemon yellow. I remember beating the elite four for the first time, and the champion, battle was intense as fuck, only just managed using the struggle ability.

This all went on for a while, until I decided enough was enough. After midnight I packed most my things and hid them in the cupboard. As the hours rolled by, everyone woke up, went off to work leaving me there alone. I smashed up half the things in that house, I didn't give a fuck. Took my things and left to my mum, at this point I was 15. What were they gonna do? Tell the police? I have plenty of stories to tell them...which to this day I never have because I just wanted to forget. I was doing well in my bad school to, so eventually got put back into a normal one. But it was so weird, the difference. I was seen as that kid from 'that tough school' so people picked fights with me, they lost. I also liked a girl too. I never spoke to her in my life (or any girl tbh, because my life had been so shit) but I write her a poem and bought her a necklace, just right out of the blue coz I thought that was normal (lol). She kissed me and thanked me while probably thinking I was pathetic and that was it, I tried fitting in and just being normal, but most of the time I didn't even go in because I was too busy playing pokemon, until I eventually finished with 11% attendance lmao. My grades were bad, but not like I had a good education anyway.

Then I did, started work. Went college. Then back to work. Did a lot of reading, educated myself on a lot of things. But at the same time everything in the past still affected me a lot. I had a few close friends (which I still have to this day), my brother and sisters, but I still found escape in playing games. It really helped me. Years past and I experienced different things, going on holiday, going scuba diving, sailing, fishing, just exploring the world a little. But still was never too good with girls. When I was about 19 I met a girl who I always had a little crush on from school. We spoke, and everything seemed nice. I was so fucking naive though. And gullible. Not even two weeks later she cheated on me. So I just went back to doing what I always did, remained closed off, because its just so much better that way. Before I knew it, I was 26. I moved back in with my mum, and we lived in a pretty quiet village. I worked down the local shop, everyone was friendly, it was like a whole new me. I really liked it. I'd see this one girl come in often, a little messy looking from work (she took care of and rode horses). I don't even know why it hit me like lightning the moment I saw her, like the feeling people describe when they first met their husband or wives, the stuff you see in movies. She was just the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen, and she wasn't even trying. I eventually worked up the courage to ask her out one day, when we happened to be on the same bus, but I did ask for her age too just in case. She was 14 ffs (UK legal age is 16). I was like wtf, I'm 26. We chatted for a bit as she lived literally 1 minute away from me, but that was the end of that.

But then she came in the local shop when I was next working, and this time looking nervous as hell and she handed me this note lol. Let me state right now, I know from an outside view its easy to throw this off as no big deal because she's young, but even when I was that age I knew what I wanted in a girl and what I liked and didn't like. And it was the first time someone ever shown me just a purely honest sign of affection. At this point would it of been better to laugh it off like hey its just silly love letter stuff, or stay with her and date for the next 1 year together? Which is what we did. It started off as friends really but it was so hard not to like her, her positive attitude, honesty, such a loving and caring girl. I wont say too much to respect her privacy but she also had a rough time growing up, so it was nice to be there for each other. Her older sister loved me too, and always said we were great together. I know it was wrong, but we didn't do anything major and I respected her. Even if she was my age I'd feel the same way. But as you can imagine with that age difference came a lot of struggles. We had to keep it quiet, we couldn't go out on dates together or go to the movies, so I did other things to show her I cared, like made her little notes, got her fave chocolate, etch on the path something cute for her to read as she walks by. Call me immature but I just loved being with her, she made me so happy and she was happy, hell we were together for a year, against all the odds and hardships we faced. I really wanted to meet her mum, just so she could see I was a normal guy but she didn't agree to it. 

And just by bad luck,  someone in her school had caught us kissing, and her life became hell. Most days after that she'd see me and look so sad, just wanted to leave that place. I hated myself for it, but I didn't complain, I supported her made her laugh with my stupid jokes, but I hated myself. Then the worst happened, she started to get bullied, and her school wasn't doing fuck all about it. She was always the type to try and hold it all in and not tell anyone. I had enough and anonymously reported it all to the police, I made a huge fuss over it. Shortly after she was aloud to leave that school, before transferring to a new one. I also got back at those bullies. At this point things were okay for the most part, she was much happier. But at the same time she had to see social services (because I had reported the bullying to literally every agency I could for her to not be sad anymore). She was silly enough to mention me, and how great I am etc.  Suddenly their focus turned to me, and this is where everything went downhill. I was also showing signs of possible cancer but I kept it to myself. They started filling her head with things about me. Pressuring her over a cup of hot chocolate (I know what they do, I seen them too when my parents split up). Eventually it got too much for her, and with her starting a new school, she left me and I was devastated. After 1 year together and going through a lot, she was convinced everything I did for her, was all part of some sort of 'plan' like I'm some sicko. Everything was such a mess. But at the same time, maybe she just wants a normal life. Be able to go out on dates, take silly pictures and show them off to everyone, the things me and her couldn't do. And with me that just wasn't possible, and it hurts so much. (and for the record, all we did was kiss, hold hands, hug).

I was under investigation for 9 months. I was struggling a lot, worried about the whole cancer thing, hated the distance between this girl that was so close to me, I was called names, harassed, assaulted on more than one occasion. As the months rolled by it seemed she hated me more and more, or maybe she just felt guilty. But in my mind we never did anything wrong, we were happy in our own little world. She now has a boyfriend, I know he's a nice guy because she wouldn't settle for anything less. I turned up clean of cancer, but today, everything comes crashing down on me again. I'm told the investigation is coming to an end, and I'm basically going to be put on the sex offenders list for the next 2 years. 2 years, I'll be 30 and she'll be 18. How will I ever be with her again? How will I ever remove this fucking smudge on my name and all our memories together? How am I going to get a job? Where am I going to live? I can't continue living here, I have a little sister and in their eyes I'm a fucking weirdo. And then it hit me. I'll just end it all, I can't imagine living like this any longer. And being branded as something I'm not. Everything was perfect between us before they got involved, she would of turned 16 in a few months and everything would of been okay. I'd be willing to do anything to prove to her parents I'm a good man, but how is any of that possible now. Her sister still likes me though, she's been a really great and supportive person, but everything in my life is just fucked. The one and only time I truly loved and cared about someone, and risked a lot to make sure she was safe, and it gets ripped apart. I know I'm stupid for ever going through with it in the first place, but I don't regret talking to her that day. She made me happy for the first time in my life. And now its all over.