I want to dieI'm sorry this won't be too coherent, it's I don't know what time and I've been asleep for what seems like a week and I'm too sad to put sentences together well. I honestly just feel like throwing up and crying but I can't do either. I've lost everything and I don't know what to do. I've been depressed for 11 years. in all that time I've never made a friend to talk to about it, or had anybody to support me. this past year I finally made a friend who I talked to every single day and we helped each other. she hasn't initiated a conversation with me in nearly a month now. Another support friend won't talk to me either. I don't know why. we helped each other, I thought. I tried so hard to be perfect for them. I became an object to be used to help them, specifically so they wouldn't feel like they had to leave me on the occasions that I needed them, and they did anyway. my education is shit, my family is struggling, my casual friends barely exist, my mind barely works anymore, and I just spent a whole Christmas, birthday, and new years asleep because I couldn't handle being awake. I actually called a hotline for the first time in my birthday. having someone to listen to me made me feel something, even if all they gave were the standard canned responses. I want to die so badly. I know that none of you give a shit. I know you're just here to see if anyone has been through the same stuff as you. I know I'll get nothing from this. I don't know what I'm writing anymore I'm sorry. I'm going to keep going though because coming up with these words is the only thing keeping me from going insane until the sleeping pills kick in and I can go back to sleep. I'm planning on talking to one of the friends tomorrow. I'm going to ask why they let me believe that I was important to them. I don't know why they would do that to me. I really don't ask for much. I'm sorry for who I am. I don't want to be this. 
this isn't making much sense. I'm going to submit anyway. what do I have to lose. I feel broken, as a human. I don't know how I'm still here. my soul hurts. my chest hurts. I want this to stop but it won't and I don't know why. why don't I deserve friendship. why don't I deserve support. why can't I even be allowed to support someone else. why. I don't think I'm that bad to be around, to the point where people actively avoid me. I don't think it's crazy that maybe someone could stick with me. apparently it is though. 
my soul is empty and my hands are shaking and I have no new words to add to this. thanks guys, sorry. don't worry I'm probably going to end up deleting this. thanks. 