I'm at the end of my rope...&lt;p&gt;I've struggled with depression since I was 13 years old and at 29 I've now come to the conclusion that I am a broken person who cannot live a normal life.&lt;/p&gt; 

&lt;p&gt;Self confidence has always been a thing I've never been able to have, regardless of how hard I try to accomplish things which I think will make me proud of myself. My entire life I have always looked significantly younger than my age, and while most people I try to talk to about it say shit like "dude how can you be mad about that" they do not realize how destructive it is to someone's psyche. When you're a teenage boy who looks like he's 8 years old and everyone else around you is getting bigger and more mature you start to understand that something is wrong with you. Every new bump in life that's supposed to be an accomplishment or reward (First year of highschool, First year of college, turning 21, etc...) ends up being the source of your misery. I was picked on as a "freshman" for every year in highschool because most people assumed I was, or try talking to a girl at a party when you're a senior in college only to have her say "Oh I thought you were a senior in highschool visiting his brother", or trying to go on vacation to Florida at the age of 27 to embarrassingly have your completely valid drivers license denied at every bar you try to go to ruining the night for not only yourself but the friends who you came to visit.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The only girlfriend I've ever managed to have in my life destroyed what's left of me when she cheating on me after 5 years together, weeks before I planned on asking her to marry me. She made me feel like the worst person in the world, saying she was breaking up with me because I was never there for her then later told me "I tried to break up with you before cheating so it wouldn't be cheating but you made it too hard", as if I was the bad guy in the situation.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The worst part about it all is I live in a very small ski town and have to see her every day. We work at the same place, there's only 1 or 2 bars in town and I'm going to have to see her with the guy she cheated on me with all winter which is approaching fast. I've honestly thought about killing myself for a very long time, in fact I've already accepted it as the way I will die. I have about $5,000 in the bank that I plan on using for a bucket list bender before just ending it all. In fact the more I think about it the more accepting I am of this fate. Most people will say "But there's so much to live for" "You're just in a rough spot and you'll get through it" but this has been a consistent thing I've felt for more than half my life. Every day I enjoy less and less things in life and every day I add more stress and anxiety to that from realizing it can't be changed. I'm what most people would call "A successful person" but if you get no joy or happiness from anything you accomplish than whats the point of accomplishing anything?&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;The people around me have watched me transform into a sad shell of a person I once was. Before I would get greeted and asked how I'm doing, but now people try to avoid eye contact with me, they don't say hello and just walk by because they know the darkness that is inside of me. Most people probably expect this, in fact during senior year highschool english class someone actually gave me the superlative "Most likely to kill them-self" on the white board during a class discussion. I had not even said a word during the discussion and it was completely out of the blue, but that was the first time in my life I've really accepted my fate. If people already assume it will happen, I might as well make it happen.&lt;/p&gt;