Just scared to fail again.I know that suicide is generally seen as a completely selfish act, but I just see it as a favor to those around me. I'm seriously breaking down on the inside because I just can't handle it anymore. I try to picture my future and I don't see myself going past the age I am now. I have a plan to kill myself over the summer. I have no reason to continue living. It will be a giant financial weight off of my parents shoulders as I am the only child and they will be able to buy the house in southern france that they always talk about. My real dad forgets I exist, he has children with his new wife, so he definitely won't even realize I'm gone. I have a boyfriend but he doesn't seem to care about me so I probably wouldn't be missed much by him either. Everyone has always had high expectations for me since I was little because I was marked "gifted" before I even started kindergarten. I've always had high grades since then but then around 8th grade I began having trouble with math, and my teachers would look at me with disappointment saying that they thought I was gifted in all three areas. My mom yells at me and punishes me harshly when she sees the low B I have in math. It's frustrating when she tells me that she knows I'm capable of doing better when I know that that's the best I can do. Then I figured, if I'm not even good at math, why be good at anything else? Most high paying jobs out there require math. English, Chemistry,Spanish, And History won't help me in life, yet those are the subjects I have an A in. I think I suffer from depression but I've been too scared to tell my mom because she thinks that depression is just an excuse and that it is not a real thing. It takes all of my energy just to speak sometimes. I have tried overdosing on pills but they have just made me drowsy. I can't handle all of the pressure anymore. I can no longer live under the expectancy to do higher than what I can actually do. And I'm just in high school. I won't even be able to make it through college. The economy is so bad that even if you graduate, you still won't be able to find a job. This sounds dumb, I know but I have no one to tell this to because they would end up telling my mom thinking that it would help when really it will just get me grounded. I don't know what to do anymore, I *crave* death. The only reason I'm hesitant on killing myself is because I don't want to fail at that too. My mom would probably just laugh at me and tell me to do it better next time. Sorry if you clicked on my post expecting something better. I just needed to unload all of this emotional baggage. 