I want to live. I want it so bad. But I can’t keep going anymore. I need help.I’m exhausted. Just exhausted. I have severe OCD and it’s just taking over my life. Everything is a mess. My apartment is a mess. My bills are overdue because I forget to pay them. I have no food at home because I forget to buy it. I can’t keep up. Showering, getting dressed, everything just takes so long because of rituals. Everything is a chore. Everything is overdue. I just can’t keep up. It sounds so ridiculous, but I even considered looking up if a life coach or maybe Occupational Therapy would be an option for me. I’ve tried CBT and antidepressants for the OCD, but nothing worked. My insurance isn’t great, so I can’t afford to keep trying different things and I’m limited to the little that’s available in my network. But I’ve gotten to the point that all I do is go to work and sleep. I don’t have enough hours in the day to do everything I need to do, and that just completely depletes me of energy to do anything. I’ve stopped talking to most people. My communication with the people who I still talk to is limited. Everything around me is overdue and dirty and messy. I just can’t do it anymore. And for the past few weeks I’ve been getting used to the idea of just ending it. I really don’t want to. But I see no other way out. 

What aren’t I thinking of? There must be something I can do. Some tangible goal that I can break down unto manageable tasks that can help me start to feel in control of my life? I have no idea. My brain is sick and trying to kill me, so obviously I can’t think of any possible solutions that I haven’t tried before and failed. For the past weeks I have even been having dreams where I am walking around and I see billboards telling me to kill myself. Last night I had a dream where I was talking to a therapist and there was a painting on their wall that said “just end it”. I have so much love to give. I don’t want to die. But the pain just doesn’t stop. So I figured asking other people’s perspectives may help. I once heard that “you can’t think your way out of a thinking problem.” So here I am, asking for some advice. Any advice.