Suicidal due to heartbreak- long storyIf anyone likes to read...I am usually just a lurker and I usually lurk on the paranormal link or glitch in the matrix stuff bc I’ve found that fascinating. But I am suddenly feeling suicidal and I really have no one else to talk to, and I read the comments on here so the Reddit community has always seemed like nice people, like family, even though I’ve never been a part of it. But Idk what to do.. i am going to just paste the text that I send to my friend, who didn’t respond, mind you. Here it is-
I guess I should get help. I've never felt so worthless in my life. I've known this guy for ten years and we have always had an on and off thing.. but It was mostly because he just never wanted to officially commit..I felt like I was alwaysss in love with him, and he was sooo sure this time that he wanted to be with me.. He suddenly said he had an epiphany and that he realized his love for me.. and while we were together, it was so magical and wonderful. We took walks and had ice cream and went to a winery and had great sex, and then like I found some dirty messages on his phone, which were before we were "officially" together, but we were talking at that time and he was expressing love at that time, and in all the years we talked, he said that I was the onlyyy one that he dirty messaged.. I was dumb enough to believe that.. but so when I found those messages I was infuriated and we worked it out, but I couldn't get over it. So I went home just to visit my parents ( I am 32, but live with them due to health issues) and get my winter clothes for the weekend, and I ended up sending him a slew of nasty messages calling him a manwhore and telling him to go be with those other skanks, and so he called me the next day and we actually talked it out maturely and we agreed to go to couples therapy, and that was last Monday, then I went on vacation  with my aunt and when I was texting him,  he was being distant and I called him, and he completely ignored all of my calls, so I flipped out again bc I was like  " I thought everything was fine" and then he basically dumped me saying he didn't love me. But he had told me two weeks before that he was madly in love with me, that we would get married, he told his dad how much he loved me, which was a very big deal because he is not always honest with his dad. But then two weeks later he suddenly just says. "I don't feel the same way" and blocks me. And he was soooo cold about it. We were lovey dovey two days before... how does someone fall out of love in two days?? No one falls out of love just because of one fight. He is used to me being jealous and we were so strong when we were together. We would laugh about other couples that had problems. And he has a history of borderline personality disorder, and he has aspergers, but he is high functioning. His mother also has impossible standards for him when it comes to relationships and he hasn’t ever dated anyone seriously except me. So I am sure that one of those issues is what caused his sudden shut down behavior. And I tried telling him, I said, this is absolutely not normal for you to be sooo in love one week, and so heartless the next. I said, can we please go to therapy like we were suppose to? And he was just heartless. And we have pet names, and he refused to let me call him by his usual pet name. I am so devastated that I am borderline suicidal. I came home and I haven't showered in nearly a week. And my home environment is awful. And I got wasted and hung out with this creepy guy that I used to work with, and I'm just so disgusted with life.. it has been nothing but a nightmare for me this whole year.. I almost died from my colitis , I needed mutual blood transfusions in January, then I had horrible health issues for months and the doctors couldn't even figure out why I couldn't breathe.. and then my pet turtle died unexpectedly, just floating in the tank for no reason. I tried to give her cpr. Then he gives me the best love and attention I’ve ever had, but then out of the blue, he dumps me. And what's so bad about him dumping me was that he genuinely acted like he cared sooooo much. He acted like he wanted to help me with my colitis and to make me feel better and he bought me a probiotic and was so concerned if I didn’t take it, but then just bc we got in oneee fight, (when we have been in similar fights before) he decided to just end it completely and be completely heartless by blocking me. He also dropped all of my things off on the side of the road. I realize that I triggered his commitment issues by sending the nasty messages, but I don’t think that warranted his cold behavior and just ending things forever when he claimed he was sooo in love a week before. I have been through wayyyyy too much these past couple years, and especially this year...and I don’t think I can ever get over this. It’s too painful that he was the perfect loving partner one week, and a completely unrecognizable heartless person the next. And I really did nothing to warrant it. He was used to me being jealous because he knew he messed around on me for years. I know it’s one of his issues causing this- the commitment issues or borderline personality, but I just can’t believe he can’t recognize that and that he’s being so cold to me. Please don’t be mean to me about this. I am already suicidal. I’m not looking for sympathy. I’m just looking for anyone to agree that I don’t deserve what he did to me.