Not feeling alright.TL; DR on me. I'm 34, male, on meds for depression since 1999, quarantine is messing with my heart and mind

Now the long story. 

I've never been much of a social person. While at my line work I get the chance to meet and talk with really interesting people (specially from abroad), outside of it, I'm a total mess. And trust me when I say, it's been like that ever since school. Never had a group of friends or people I could consider "close to me". 

My first real social relationship was a year of friendship with the new girl that transfered to my school. After that and several attempts at suicide, I dropped out of HS and finished my studies at night school. College years were mostly ok, then again, after a string of misunderstandings, failed romantic relationships and struggling with family issues, I moved out of my hometown.

3 years of so-called happiness went by, without any serious bout of depression. Went back to stronger meds, so I was for the most part, doped all day long. After losing my job and having no place to live, I went back to my parents place... And that's when things started going sour again. Having no money or health insurance to cover for my treatment, I decided to shift my focus to try and all ways of self improvement. Nothing worked.

Now days, and due to the whole crisis, a friend of mine that was working in my town, is living temporarily on our spare bedroom. I used to have some romantic feeling for her in the past and we even attempted a NSA-type of relationship but that only made things worse. Since we are just friends these days, she decided to go out and spend the night with a guy she met online and I have a confusing mixture of jealousy, fear for her safety and all. I don't want to kick her out the house since has no place to stay for the time being and the town she lived, is under full quarantine. 

Early this morning, I had to go out to do some family errands before lunch and I almost left a car run me over. 

This last couple of weeks, it seems that everything is running on autopilot again and I think I won't make it out ok of all this.

Any and a comments are welcomed. I just wanted to share my story with anyone who might read it.