I know it doesn't mean much but here.At this point I have no where else to turn too. My friends don't want to hear it, my family doesn't and so on. With what little I have I honestly just need to vent before I die.

I'm 19 the standard age where no one knows what to do or where to go. I want to be a writer (I'm just the fucking definition of a loser.)

I learned a long time ago when I was 8 I was diagnosed with not only depression by a very light form of autism. Basicly I don't understand something's when it comes to learning.. it wasn't anything that couldn't be treated with therapy. However the depression stuck.. 

I was bullied mercilessly at school and not one of the teachers or principles gave a damn about it. They where more content to just watch. It was embarressing to them that they had to go up to the government and tell them to fucking fix it. Through out that part of my life I was a loner and never thought I would get friends. I would just come home from school go play video games and imagine I was a hero.. a hero that no one understood but still wanted him around...

Then high school came. My first year in grade 10 proved to be the best part of my life. I joined Anime Club, I became a dnd player, I made tons of new friends, I helped set up a convention and so on. But then grades 11 and 12 happened. I met this one girl and at first I was shocked she asked me out first. I took her to a movie and we kissed once I think.. then she didn't want to date me anymore and it was only a three week relationship so I didn't think much of it... then her friend came into my English class and yelled stop raping my friend. That's where it all went down hill. The only place I was from that point was the anime club... I was called a freak and a rapist. At the same time a guy wanted to kill me constantly tried to set me on fire twice in the same day. People relentlessly mocked me and I was the out cast again.. same deal in g 12. At that point I reached fucked it and for my grad quote I said "thank you Flying Spaghetti Monster." The only people that liked that where the anime club members and my history teacher. Everyone else got mad at me and said that was offensive and it didn't get better from their.

I left the high school and never turned back after I was done with tests and such. Then the college. College was to be a fresh start a new beginning... but life has a way of fucking you up their as well. As I said before I wanted to be a writer. I wanted to write sci fi. I took psychology, English, history, and political environment. But.. English and political weren't what I thought they where. 

At first English was nice. I met a girl their and we started dating for six months and the proffesor was really nice. However things took a turn in the classes when it all became about how sucky men are and how awesome women are. Both English and political environment kept saying that over and over and over again. 

Men ruined this, men ruined that, white men destroyed everything that was good. 

Hearing that day in and day out got on my nerves... I know I wasn't bad.. I tried to be the better person in life.. but it never stuck. I felt alone in those classes as no one wanted to hear "um what about The writer of game of thrones? He's white and awesome." And so on... but no... all the stories we read "white men are bad." All the political talk was Tumblr and SJW bull shit disproven by multiple doctors and institutions. 

And the tipping point was my gf at the time. At first she was the women of my dreams. She was beautiful to me, shy, nerdy, a little creepy (really liked creepy weird stuff) and so on... but then she met another girl.. and this girl twisted her as she was her only friend out side of me. She would poke and prod my gf telling her I was bad and intentionally go out of her way to strain our relationship. It got to the point my gf was starting to mentally abuse me andverbally abuse me.

I tried to fight for her. I tried and nearly became "I love her and I don't care what she does to me." But my friends stopped me and forced me to look into the reality of the picture... she was bad for me.. I gave it 120% into our relationship.. but she gave nothing back.

I confronted her about it and everything I accused her of she accepted and never even once defended her self. She accepted everything I said and had no remorse over it. I then told her to go fuck her self and left breaking up with her. And then even to add on to that her friend abanonded her after as she got what she wanted.

After that I then started focusing on finding a job... but that came to no avail.. their was one girl I tried dating online but she just cheated on me and abandoned me... 

I tried therapy only for it to fail me miserably.. six years of it and nothing came from it...

My family is sick and tired of seeing me sad. I don't even talk to them about it anymore I just go and out a fake smile on to try and let them know "I'm fine" when secretly I'm not. 

My friends abandoned me they go to me for their problems and when I try to go to them it's stunning radio silience. 

I'm alone and I have nobody... the only reason I'm posting here now is for someone to know that your loved. Even if I don't know you please don't follow me. Be better then the idiot who thought their was no other way. I can't find my way out but please you have to keep fighting who ever reads this. Even when I'm dead I'll still beleive you can do it.