my depression's end?expressing myself has been a topic ive always had great difficulties doing.   my demise in many ways.   only now at 27 am i seeing some of the reasons i may be how i am and why i find myself posting here.  

ive been reading other's battles on here and recall someone who didn't remember much of their childhood either.  as if the mind decided they were times best forgotten.   i too recall very few fond memories of childhood.    

and why do I not love my parents? Its not that i came from a broken home per se.  The foundation was there, mother present, father present, food, shelter.  But its as though walls were never built for whatever reasons.  Ive noticed myself growing into the person i now resent most in my life, my father. 

whats got me so fucked up is that i looked up to him.   I prefered him over my mother.  Again i don't feel much for her sadly.  I never developed an emotional connection with her.    She was there physically but not as someone that i would seek for support.    looking up to my father and seeing the neglect and emotional abuse he showed towards my mother obviously deteriorated my feelings towards my mother even further.   Looking back he was the furthest person i shouldve been trying to please.   looking up to a person that in hindsight neglected and showed nothing emotionally is crippling.   I grew up trying to gain his admiration or at least his acknowledgement.  We have such a distant relationship because he never cared to spend much time getting to know me.  Eventually i emotionally cut ties with him entirely. i care nothing of his opinions or health anymore.

Even as i put together my first motorcycle in the back yard never once would he ask to help or hangout.   only now do i see how damaging that was to my confidence and sense of worth.        As i grew i became ever more closed off emotionally.  I just dealt with problems alone. closed off.  not resolving most of them. just buried back there with the rest of the baggage. you know youre past due when you cant think of any real reasons to stick around.     

 decided to try working again part time.   It's worked as a healthy distraction in the past, keeping me engaged and focused on something productive.  its all but a distraction that'll wear off i know but ill try a last time.   I feel somewhat appreciated there at least.     

a gorgeous, smart, super sweet, girl entered my life a couple months ago for reasons that make little sense to me.   she's been there super supporting but i constantly feel a burden on her for being in the state im in mentally.  Ive cut down on those type of messages.   Im just happy to spend a bit of time with her before she realizes how useless and fuckedup i am.       take care, SW