Sick of noise.I don't know if this qualifies more as anxiety than suicidal thoughts...but I have a suicide plan in mind, so I figured this was my text's home.

I feel like a glass bottle in the freezer, filled with liquid and about to shatter. I have a lot of bottled up anxiety about multiple things, and it really is interfering with everything. The biggest threat on the horizon is blowing up on my boss. She is difficult to deal with. She frequently brings personal problems to work and lashes out at everyone. Some days she is great, other days she is condescending and seems to take joy frustrating other people. On her bad days she will abuse her power as an administrator to bring everyone else down. I have, in the past, just avoided her at those times...but I am so tense so often that I am afraid that I will freak out and quit on the spot.

This issue extends to my driving as well. I feel the urge to "take revenge" on bad drivers, often due to a lack of respect for other drivers. To be clear, I have not done anything serious, and I am generally a safe driver, but I can feel myself loosing my grip. Not to say I am the best driver, but neither here nor there, I suppose.

I have no way of venting my problems to other people. The only people I interact with in a year is my coworkers, my mother, my sister and her boyfriend, and one friend. I have a very loose relationship with my one friend, as we only text once every few months and hang out one or two times every couple of years.

I did not realize how alone I really was until a couple of months ago. I was in a dark place, and if I owned a firearm, I would not exist right now. Fear of suffering is the only reason why I am alive. I kind of came out of it after I made a suicide pact with myself, and I feel like my surroundings are stable only because I still plan on doing it. I don't see how things can be better for me. I no longer have hope.

I don't know how to make friends. I meet new people all of the time, some people from this area, others from different parts of the US...and I never make a connection with anyone. I am not...I don't know, I'm not extremely weird or anything. I'm just not all that attractive I guess. Most of my coworkers also have relationships with each other outside of work, and I usually hear about their weekends together at lunch. At lunch I am a part of the group...but afterwards, I am just The Computer Guy. People don't even know my name at work. Some people think I am a new employee...I have been working there for 5 fucking years. I don't know what I do, but there is obviously something wrong.

Every time I have tried to improve myself, I end up falling apart. I know that I need social support. We are pack animals, and I don't belong to a pack. I'm a loner.

Shit, I don't know what this post is supposed to be. I am just rambling now. I don't know. I have been going through the last month without running water. My pipes froze and busted last month. I called a plumber and he said the entire house has to be redone...and that was it. I am tired of taking "sink showers" at work. I am so embarrassed. I don't like living like I am homeless again. I did not enjoy feeling so vulnerable...and I feel vulnerable.

I don't enjoy seeing people from my past. It's difficult every time I see them and I see the disappointment. Who did they think I would be? I never had a plan...I, well, I have a plan now. I am sick of the insanity. I am sick of the darkness that I read online every day. Every day I read about corruption and death, and beneath it I read comments filled with hatred and filth. So much potential...said about our species, the Internet itself, me, all of it? I don't know what I expect...but I don't want this.