Here's my noteOk, so now I'm writing my fifth or sixth suicide note. I keep writing them, and then either don't succeed or don't go through with it. But this time was different. I considered killing myself without writing a note, but I have read that this can be painful for people as well as sort of unfair, so I'll explain myself briefly. 

I can't tell you what I'm going to do, exactly, because that might decrease my chance of success. But someone will find my body eventually. To say the least, it's not my concern anymore.

My reasons are actually really simple, and I don't have to write very much at all to get my point across: I am without love and without work. That should be enough, but I'll elaborate.

I don't have a job and I don't have a woman, and I don't have what it takes to get either of them -- I have no marketable skills or qualifications, and I have a very hard time getting along with anyone or even standing the presence of other people for any length of time. I've been in school for something like 30 years, trying to qualify for some money-making career, and if it hasn't worked by now then I'm certain it's never going to work, no matter what ridiculous adult education night school program in diagnostic medical sonography or some similar nonsense I desperately enroll in. And I'm not going to go work in some place like Burger King or Wal Mart...sorry.

It's painful to watch friends, acquaintances, and family members achieve their versions of the American Dream while I remain stuck in some kind of prolonged adolescence. I don't really get what went wrong, but my best guess is that it's a combination of things: bad influences, some mental illness, brain damage, and just not happening to have a lot of talents that society is willing to pay me for. It is all pretty sad, because I think I do have some good qualities: I'm pretty smart and creative and can do some things like guitar, drawing, writing, etc (although these aren't really professionally developed skills and are more like hobbies). It's quite a shame that I fell through the cracks like this. Maybe in some more evolved version of our society that wouldn't have happened, but I can't specify beyond that. I mentioned starting my own business to a few people, but I don't know what the hell I'd sell. Guitar lessons? Really ask yourself: "might this have been the best thing for him?" I think you'll find, upon some reflection, that the answer is "yes."

No woman in their right mind would be with someone as crazy and violent and misanthropic as me (I won't mention "fat" or "covered in back hair"), and no employer in their right mind would hire someone as unable to get along with co-workers or as totally unskilled and unable to learn new skills (remember -- I'm brain damaged). I can barely read, I get confused all the time, and I forget everything. I'm just not competent or qualified in any work-related way. 

I'm afraid of everything and have no self-confidence. Overall, there are psychological problems that exacerbate the situational issues (which is to say nothing of neurological problems). My life, mind, and brain are a fucking mess, and are all just too badly screwed up to salvage at this point.

And I'm 37 years old! Do you honestly think it's not too late to join the get-a-job, get-a-girl game? Everyone my age is married and into their careers. People all do this at the same time: graduate college at 22, and get married at 29. Well, I missed those boats, and I know it's just going to get worse as I get older (this is to say nothing of having kids or questions about marrying a woman my age at the close of her fertility window).

I'm screwed -- like a rat on a sinking ship. I'm totally alone, and there's no reason to go on. I hate everyone, and don't enjoy anything except maybe gluttonous eating, which I can't do because it's not healthy and makes me even uglier and less socially desirable. However, you should be pleased to learn that I didn't record the calories in my last meal, and even had dessert.

Also -- and this might seem silly -- but being circumcised and the related sexual dysfunction has really been getting me down lately; I feel like there's no point to being alive if I can't enjoy a sex life with a partner to my full potential. Just something to add to the pot. I don't blame my parents for it -- they were swept along by the tide of culture, just like most people. But it's a bad problem: you lose some penis length, and get hair on the shaft, and then the scarring, and of course the drastically reduced sensitivity. It's a big deal, and it's just one more reason, and one more thing I thankfully won't have to worry about or think about. I guess this relates to everything else in that it's part of the theme of "my mind is screwed up and my body is screwed up."

I'm doing everyone a favor in that no one will have to pay my way or worry about me. Take comfort in the fact that I won't suffer any longer. Can you imagine how bad it would have gotten as I'd grown older and my parents died, with no siblings, no friends, no romantic partner, and bouncing from menial job to menial job? It would have been HORRIBLE. Beyond terrible -- unimaginably torturous. Choosing to end my life is the most compassionate thing that I've ever done for myself, and I'm grateful that I was finally able to do it. Although I regret not making this decision years earlier, I suppose it's better to do something late than to never do it at all.

I wrote more than I had planned to; the central point is really "can't get a girl, can't get a job" (and relatedly, "would have died alone and in poverty"). Goodbye and good riddance.

I don't think anyone can make an honest argument that this was not the right thing to do.