Ranting for myself I guessI can't ever do what I like. I know that I guess. I'll never get any opportunities in theatre anymore because of my bull shit asshole filled highschool theatre program. I don't think I'm great alright? But I used to know I was good. I'm trained in dance, vocal, acting, and I came from an arts school. But they all treat me like shit. I fucking hate them. I never tell them that of course though. I just have dreams all the time about finally being in a production again, then I wake up and it's all gone. Everything is gone. I'll never have it again. I'll never get to work with people and entertain the audience. I'm apparently good enough to be exploited for solos but I can't have even an ensemble part in a fucking show. I have tons of experience. I'm suicidal. I'm depressed. I'm anxious. I go for weeks without sleep on end. The only thing I still like, out of music, guitar, violin, piano, singing, etc is theatre. That's all I want. Musical theatre. That's why I moved here. I've been nice to all of those shit heads. They're all mean to me. They always have been. It's been years. No one understands how much I miss entertaining everyone on stage. But I can never have it again. Every community theatre is some how fucking attached to people at that damn school. I've auditioned a million times for everything. The theatre class at school was terrible to me. I'm fine with critiques y'know, or I wouldn't enjoy theatre. But the top kids in the class ridiculed me daily and the teacher supported it. This is my LIFE. This is everything to me.  My parents are emotionally abusive and treat me terribly all the time. I can't get a job because I have scoliosis and most minimum wage jobs require bending. I can barely drive because of my back. My parents took away my lessons with my favorite teacher, whose like a father to me, and keep refusing to give them back. I feel like I make my boyfriend buy things constantly like food. I hate it when people spend money on me.  Everyday gets worse and worse. It hurts so badly that I am honestly suprised I haven't just stopped existing. My biological mom (who did drugs, is a pathological liar, used to be alcoholic, lied to government) won't leave me alone online. I can't see my little sister because she lives with her and my biological mom is crazy and just tells me off for ridiculous things. (Ex used to tell me we're witches and princesses when i was younger. Also, went off on me extensively for not giving her professional physical copy prom pictures while I was still at prom and she lives cities away. Also I'm broke we didn't take any, nor can I teleport.) I just feel so freaking bad. Sorry for the wall of text. Sorry for everything honestly. Sorry I'm not hanging or bleeding out. 