Truly Becoming Suicidal in the Last YearSo I'm 36 years old, male, single, never had sex or been in a relationship. I have very few friends and I'm very lonely. More than anything though I'm tired. I'm tired of working for nothing. I'm tired of trying to be better. I'm tired of trying to date and be my best self for women only to be rejected. I'm tired of life.

I've always known that I've suffered from Anxiety and Depression, though the Depression came on later. I've probably been suicidal for awhile but for the first time in my life I truly believe I'm mentally ready for suicide. 

I can never actually commit suicide because I love my mother, father, sister and brother in law. My mother would be devastated beyond words and feelings if I committed suicide. My brother in law had a brother (adopted) that was gay and committed suicide so I wouldn't want to put him through that again. I know it would devastate him. I'm conflicted because I wouldn't want to devastate them and the few friends I have (and I know if I commit suicide I would devastate) but my family and the few friends I have aren't really worth it to me to keep going. I need more to want to keep living life but I can't get it.

I don't know what to do, or what I'm even expecting from here. I'm just sad, I'm lost, I'm lonely, I'm scared and part of me just desperately wants to go to sleep and never wake up. I feel more alive in my dreams than I do when I'm awake. I don't want to die but I also don't want to keep living like I have been. I've not been living, I've been surviving. I have a life with no real purpose. I have no one to really love and take care of. This Coronavirus and the isolation might finally be the straw that breaks the camels back. 

I guess more than anything I want someone to care. I just want to know that I'm not invisible to the world, because I sure do feel invisible. I want to know that I make at least a small difference in the world. That people do want me in this world. Someone please help. :(