Yet ANOTHER fucking post.I don't even know what happened but I feel all bad again. I swear, my mood swings so easily. And it's so distinct. One of my closest friends is moving at the end of this school year. What's stupid is that I've wanted to ask her out for a while now. I just got off the phone with her. I should've asked just then. I don't know why I didn't.. That's how I work. I never do anything substantial. I just take the laziest safest worst path andI don't do anything about it.. I don't even know what to do anymore. I don't even have the motivation to actually kill myself which should be good but it just goes to show how much I'm actually able to do when I put my mind to it. Fucking nothing. I don't know what the matter with me is.. I've just run out of stuff to bitch about. There's no other way to explain what's going on besides I'm lazy and weak and make poor decisions and don't ever try to do anything the fuck about it. God fucking damnit. I don't what to fucking do anymore. That's all I can say now. I just don't know... I'm so frustrated with myself and I'm letting my mind and fingers just go wherever they feel at this point.. I'm just so angry with myself for no reason. I'm being eaten up by nothing.. And living without actual life, I think, is worse than death.. I'm gonna have to go back to school soon and I don't have any of my motherfucking homework done. I'm gonna have to go back and see my friends and their happy asses. It gets hard to see happy people nowadays. You can not comprehend how hard I am hitting the keys while I type this. I'm surprised I haven't started crying yet.. I'm a waste. I'm a fucking waste. I'm a lump of air that shouldn't even be thought about. I'm a road block for other people. I'm a burden. And although it's been said, many times, many motherfucking ways, I hate my god damn self. So much.

Quick venting.. Fuck.. It's hard to admit that I need help. I've tried living and surviving on my own but it just isn't working out. I don't know what i need, but I need something. I'm running out of things to live for.. I don't even live anymore. I exist. No life is in me. It's like suicide without the suicide part.. I'm at such a loss right now.. I wanna go to bed and I want everything to be okay in the morning.. But that'll never happen.. I go to sleep sad. I wake up sad. There's no getting around it.. Y'know how much useful stuff I could've done with my time instead of typing all of that.. That's my thing. I don't.. care.. Did I say I was at a loss? Well I'm at a loss.. I wanna keep typing because I find a sense of self when I just write but I can't forever. Unfortunately.. I don't even want to go to bed. I won't be able to sleep.. I know.. I'll just stay up until I can't anymore. That's it.. All I need to do stay up..

It feels like I just wrote a whole 'nother post in this comment.. I'm out of things to type.. I wish I could fast forward to the part where it gets better. I hate the part where it gets worse.. It feels like it can only get worse from here.. There's no getting the fuck around it.. I've gone over the edge. There's no turning back.. It feels like this is it. This is what rock bottom feels like.. Shame I have to experience at such a young age.. It feels like now I impulsively scratch the floor. My mind is trying to get deeper. It would love to build a drill or something but building something takes time and motivation. And I have none.. I think now I've run out of things to type.. I don't know why this is still a comment. It should be a separate thing.. But if I did that every time, I'd flood the site. I wouldn't want that.. Other people need help too.. You guys shouldn't care about me.. Other, more worthy people need your help.. I'm not gonna take any advice anyway. I'm just a pile of shit..

This was originally gonna be a comment reply on my last post but I got carried away.. Forgive me for any spelling errors. I'm sure there are plenty. Stuff like that happens in fits of whatever the fuck this feeling is. I don't know what it is but I know I hate it. With all my fucking heart.

TL;DR Ignore this. I'm gonna ignore any advice anyone gives anyway. I'm wasting everyone's time.