ramble rambleHi

I'm not sure exactly why I'm writing this - it's not a cry for help, if I wanted to do it I'd just go do it quietly there's no use to bring others down. Keeping it inside doesn't seem to help so I might as well spill my guts online. 

I'm alone and it sucks. My first serious thoughts of suicide would be back in highschool, like the last day of classes when everybody is excited to go partying and I'm walking home alone because I have no friends and never really have thinking about ending it but never I've never been too serious because I could never do something that would hurt a couple family members. That and the hope that things might someday get better. 

Eleven years later and little has changed, I've had a couple friends even a brief couple of relationships - all of which have ended in me getting my stuff stolen, punched or otherwise fucked over. I guess my hope that things will work out is fading as I'm approaching 30 and still have no chance at happiness in sight.

Maybe it's from social isolation, maybe it's genetics from my fucked up family on my moms side but mentally I'm not doing so well. I wouldn't really consider myself depressed in the 'chemical imbalance' sort of way, honestly for how shitty my life is I'm probably coping pretty good. I do mutter shit about killing myself sometimes, and my attention span is pretty much completely shot.
 
I just graduated university - which seems a miracle considering I cannot focus to read two lines, and every little assignment I would dedicate days to try to get my head together to focus on it to almost no success. Spending all day to write half a paragraph on a regular basis leaves you pretty hopeless. I actually started my degree 10 years ago and got the boot because I never got my stuff done. I told myself this time it would be different. It turns out it's kind of beyond my control

So I'm done school anyway and started a job today. They basically just had me doing data entry today and since I can't keep my head on task for more than a couple seconds I fucked it up and maybe cost the company money- I hope I don't get fired.

I kind of doubt anyone will have read this far  I know I couldn't(so i'm sorry for not proof reading it/attempting to make more sense) . Probably just the tip of the iceberg but thanks