I hope I die in my sleep tonight.I feel awful from all these damn psychiatric meds that these doctors put me on. I feel constantly suicidal think about suicide 24/7 but God forbid if I say anything they will throw me in the mental hospital and I will lose my job. My mom's a narcissist so she doesn't understand what's going on, only thinks about herself. I have absolutely no one to talk to or friends they all are toxic. They never invite me anywhere, and they make me feel bad about myself. I hate all my friends and I secretly envy them. Even God himself hates me, I constantly think I'm going to go to hell all the time so what kind of life to live like that when you think you're going to disappoint God all the time and go to hell. I feel like oh if I commit suicide I'll burn in the fires of hell but yet living like this is not fun. I'm slowly losing my faith in him, losing my sanity, I hate everyone around me including my mom because all she hears about is herself and yells at me. She hates me never validates me or listens to me when I'm having a breakdown. I never graduated high school because I was bullied so bad. I'm a failed abortion and I wish I was aborted, and I wish I never existed in this life. Went through a lot of childhood trauma with a babysitter who really messed me up. I'm 27 years old with no high school diploma and I tried to get it but it's so hard and I'm depressed. I hate all my so-called friends because they never invite me anywhere and they got a high school diploma. They get jobs easily when it's hard for me to get just one. I do work in retail right now but I'm terrified of the covid-19. My mom is trying to push me to quit because she is worried that I'll bring it home and give it to her.  She already charges me rent and I need money, if I don't have money I'll be kicked out. I just don't want to live this life anymore and I don't care if God hates me. I hate myself too. I hate living like this! I hate being diagnosed with BPD, anxiety disorder, OCD, and major depressive disorder. This is no way to live. Mental health in America is a joke. I have a lot of chronic pain too and I have to stand on my feet all day at work, and my work is supposed to make accommodations for me through my disability. But they don't, and I fear my OCD thinks I'll lose my job if I tell them I need to sit down for like a few minutes. This job is everything because I'm a loser and it took me years to earn one f****** job. Because of being disabled. I just don't know what to do anymore and I just need to vent because nobody cares about me and I wish I was aborted. I hate my mom how she has narcissism because she'll never get help. It's always about her but when I just need a hug, get the f*** away she'll say. Shut the f****** you're making my diabetes worse. I wish I was dead to be honest. I wish someone would stab me and get it done with.