Just let me finally lay at rest . . .I know . . . A lot of people go through things and feel the need to let it out. I myself, feel I am not worthy to feel so much pity for myself, but I fall victim to it anyways . . . I . . . I just need to let it out . . . Before it drives me insane . . . 

I am a 17 year old girl, and I have been dealing with a lot of mental struggles. My whole life I felt unloved and abandoned; due to my father drinking heavily, my mother being addicted to her pain medications, my brother selling drugs and shooting heroine. They were not always like this, but my father lost his job once we moved into a bigger home. He went from making a lot to close to nothing. This caused both my parents to fall into depression, which also made them argue a lot. I ended up closing myself off from the noise, since I did not want to be bothered by it. The more time went on, the more my parents grew angry. My father started drinking more than ever and also taking a fair dose of his pain medication, and when my mother wasn't around he would focus his attention on me. He mocked my insecurities, he laughed at my well being, and even told me countless times he wished I was never born. This made me cling to my mother more, but she has become so beat up from my father that she would barely talk to me. She also began to change, even at one point putting her hands on me and choking me. This made me feel very disconnected from my family, which also lead to my trust issues and my addiction to wanting love. 

I met an amazing girl back in 6th grade, the only friend I truly had. She ended up leaving school due to some disabilities, but we still kept in touch. We would talk everyday, laughing at stupid things, playing video games and waiting for times where we could hang out ( we could only see each other on three day weekends since school really stressed me out ). She was always there for me, and always put me before herself. I could never thank her so much for doing that. In the long run I met a wonderful guy that within a year became my first boyfriend. I met him online, but I quickly fell for him. He was the same way, except he was older and a lot more mature. He never undermined me and took me seriously. He also comforted me when I was ranting over silly things. We ended up staying together for 2 years. I was so happy with both of them, that they were all I needed. I thought I finally found true happiness, but it seems I can never get a break from this horrific nightmare. 

I always had this complex where I would want to believe the world was against me. That self loathing was just what I deserved in the end. I never believed my friend loved me at times, nor did I believe my boyfriend's words. How could I be beautiful with a face and mind like this ? How could I be kind of I only hold what matters to me in my heart ? How could I have made him happy . . . When I never see his smile ? It drives me insane, because all I ever think about is how much I hate myself. I . . . I began cutting myself a year ago, though I stopped for a few up until my boyfriend went to college. I was so happy for him, but he had afternoon classes so it was hard for us to talk. Since I grew extremely needy I ran to my friend in hopes she could comfort me. " I am not your boyfriend " she said to me, since I got very clingy. I tried backing off, I felt like an annoyance and resulted to cutting for comfort. It has become an addiction, it's gotten to a point where I would find anything to cut myself with. I broke picture frames, razors, thumbtacks, anything I could get my hands on. I used to cut my arms, I would cover my fingers all the way to my shoulders, now I result to my thighs so no one can see. It's gotten worse and worse, to the point where I cannot stop the bleeding and I just let it drip all down my legs. I do not bother to clean it either, being that I WANT it to scar . . . At least when I am doing it . . . I . . At the same time a guy kept trying to talk to me. I tried to use him so I could get my mind off of both my friend and boyfriend for their sake. He would take me to the library, follow me in the halls, talk to me when I got home, and showed a lot of concern for me. Now I am not used to this, being that I have no friends in school and I am very shy. It, felt so nice to have someone's comfort . . To feel like someone actually . . . Wants you . . . I started hanging out with him more and more . . . And, I . . I let another man's hands on me instead of my boyfriends'. Nothing sexual, but I felt like a betrayed him. My boyfriend went through so much in his life, his father abandoned him when he was young, and his mother died when he was 18. I felt like I could show him the true wonders of life, and I promised him a future . . . I . . . I felt so heart broken. I tried to not tell him about it, but it's so hard for me to lie . . . I had to, I NEEDED to . . I ended up telling my friend, and asked her what should I do . . . She was, disappointed in me . . . She told me what I should do, but then she added something along the lines of " You changed, I missed the way you used to be. I want the old -- back ". She ended up not speaking to me, and I told my boyfriend everything. He was surprisingly understanding, but was not happy with me in the slightest. He was hurt that I broke his promises, but he felt that he could never let me go. I . . . I could never explain how much pain this brought me. The man of my dreams, the one who deserve the world and everything life has to offer . . . Is letting me destroy him. I thought, maybe he would be better off without me, and I felt the same with my friend. I broke up with him, and I let my friend be. I tried to keep fighting to get her back, but she grew so distant from me, uttering the words " things will never be the same ". 

I . . Everything, I lost everything. My last message from him . . He told me " Goodbye, May I succeed in a world that I promised you ". It's been about a month now since this all happened . . . And I cannot deal with it anymore. I also got news in the beginning of June that we are losing our home . . . I barely have gotten sleep . . . I always hear their voices in my head, and talk as if they are still in my life . . . I can't live with myself anymore, I wish I could have been different just so I can have them both back in my arms again . . . I wish I could be the women my love deserved . . . And I wish I could be the best friend my friend always needed. Why is it, that in the end . . . 

I am still here ? 

Please . . . I just want death to finally take me, and for me to have an eternal slumber. 

