I think distractions help me...I recently turned 18, I was going to have a friend celebrate my bday with me, but my friend doesnt exist.  
I want to explain who I am to you bc I need someone who can give me something helpful to work off of.  so here it goes...
The birthday thing is just one of my thoughts, one I had yesterday when I was thinking back to my bday.  I think my mind just works to make me feel worse, my body just functions to give my mind pain, and myself, I'm some sort of entity stuck within that cycle.
My reality has so far been what most people would call sad but I wouldnt call it that at all.  "It is what it is"  That's probably my favorite saying bc it's reflexive and it reminds me that the world will continue to exist in the present physically, whether I agree with it or not and whether or not im aware of it existing.  I ramble... I also have a problem with lying to people... its not that I ever like to, but whenever I speak without barriers people get guarded around me.  Ik its bc my "sadness" is showing but if i am "sad" why would it matter to them, they shouldnt take it as a reason to avoid me, it may mean Im offputting but I can never tell, if I had to conclude anything from this id just say Im not very good at understanding anything social.  I have a problem with talking to people.  I also dont use social media since I cant figure out what to do with on any platform.  ik im here for support and stuff but I already feel dead, there's nothing to me that makes me want to grip to consciousness, except that a sibling of mine told me he'd be destroyed if he knew I killed myself.  I wish I had no family, but everyone does* (to an extent).  I have a problem with caring about other people's feelings too and I dont know why, I hardly understand what Im feeling myself at any moment, why should I care about making sure Im not saddening the people I come across.  It's hard for me to tell what is real anymore, sometimes Ill be working, look up and half expect the horrible mess thats in my mind to just be laid out around me, a dark world of backwards-progression and disguising.  I usually just try to put myself into a schedule so I dont have to think about what Im doing, its better when i dont think.  But schedules dont work for everyone, everyday someone talks to someone else, sometimes its to me, and when its my turn to speak, i dont know what to say, people say hi to me, i learned to say it back, but then it comes to questions like "whats up", i know i cannot repeat that back, if i tell them what im feeling then im guaranteeing them to either some sort of hardship in understanding that Im just in pain or just to ignore me,  So I just walk away.  This isnt a real situation (obviously) but its basically my approach with people, I can't help it that I dont know myself... and i cant help feeling like im just insignificant/unimportant/theCauseOfYourProblems/etc... I just cant help being who I am.
If I want my conciousness to cease, why is there so much backlash to it, pain hurts, my head and chest ALWAYS HURT, my eyes hurt from seeing this shit, and you tell me things can get better?  ugh...I dont know what to do anymore, yesterday I started crying (not from any event (though i wish i had a more eventful life to distract me from my own hell) I just felt sad/alone/scared and started crying.  I dont know what to do when im crying, sometimes it lasts for a couple seconds, sometimes I will cry for an hour til my eyes cant produce the tears my mind feels.  
So yesterday, when I started crying, I drank so much and my drunkened mind basically came up with - get help....
so today, waking up, i write this, hoping someone can pick through what my mind produced and maybe give me something that can work for me

I dont believe in religons (my only "religon" is that nature is a single miracle)
I have gone to therapy for four years now.  Ive been to several different therapists, some just quickly pass me off (probably cuz a suicide looks bad for there reputation or something)
I was diagnosed with major depression when i started therapy and have been put on heavier and heavier medication since then.
I tried - meditation, exercise, group therapy, a few other things, some of which i just still do for health benefit even though they dont help ease my mind
So far the only thing i know of that keeps me from thinking about killing the pain in my brain and body is distractions, but you cant know your distracted and my mind is always racing and always loops back to death when i dont want it to which btw is all the time
Ik i just need help (even drunk me knew that) but idk if there is such help out there...
