I was forced to raise my little brother when I was only 13 and I did a horrible job. I wish life never forced that responsibility on me.I am a decade older than my little brother, and as soon as he turned 3-ish, my mom (single parent) severely neglected her parental duties due to her mental illness and a weird internet addiction (She was spreading the "word of God" online). I was forced to become a responsible father figure of sorts, even though I was only a child myself and didn't have a father figure of my own.

I stayed home from school almost every second day to babysit (and failed classes because of that), changed diapers, made food for him, cleaned up after him, and dealt with his severe temper tantrums, almost every day. Usually my mother was either in her classes, or at home on the computer (she would often shoo him away when he approached her). Basically my entire teen years were consumed by this responsibility towards being there for him. It wasn't unusual to be left home alone with him for nearly the whole day. This went on for like 4 years (from me being 13 to 17)

Remember when I said my brothers temper tantrums were severe? Well I mean they were very, unusually severe compared to your average child. He would scream for hours at a time, hit me, throw toys at me, kick his feet against the walls for hours etc.

I was an emotional wreck of a teenager and was forced to deal with all this alone and I had moments where I lost my fucking mind. I never hit him (aside from one time I had to shove him off me because he wouldn't stop jumping on me) but I had times where I snapped and yelled at him so loud I lost my voice. I know how that sounds like overkill, but you have to understand: he would not listen to anything else. No amount of talking or reason, no amount of having a stern voice, nothing. His tantrums were endless and without any clear reason behind them.

It was only recently when he turned 14 that he was diagnosed with mild autism. So in hindsight, I was forced to take care of an autistic child against my will, while I was still a child. This has made me hate and resent my irresponsible mother, and even though I love my brother, I can't help but to resent him too. I don't want to feel that way about him, but I do nonetheless. He represents my stolen youth and a terrible situation that I had no escape from.

I feel bad about the way I treated him. I was unequipped to deal with his tantrums and I yelled at him too much and too angrily. I didn't know he had autism, and I got very frustrated with how abnormal he acted sometimes. I always blamed myself for his bad behaviour and felt I had to correct it with discipline, instead of realizing he has a condition. 

I know in his eyes I will always be a mean villain, just like my mom was to me. I fucking hate myself and wish none of that happened.