I don’t have a friend.I’m not sure what’s going on with me but  I’m depressed, anxious, and I’m feeling really disconnected from the world right now. One of my problems that have developed is that (I believe because of rejection) I have begun putting an act on. It’s hard to describe but I feel like I can’t stop performing this act. It feels like I can’t speak in my own voice and I act in the way that I think in my own head is most generic so people will leave me alone. I don’t know why but I’m incapable of stopping the act. I’ve just kind of adopted the voice. I think my voice but express my thoughts in a different voice. I’ve had a very hard time socially for the past year and a half. I feel like I can’t really communicate anymore because of what I’ve just described and I’m feeling really lonely at this point. 

I think my “friends” only don’t reject me because we have been real friends in the past. The just kind of let me hang with them so that they aren’t ditching the old Ben they used to know. I feel like a shitty person for making them spend time with me when they don’t want to so I haven’t really reached out to anyone over quarantine. This has been eye opening because I’ve realized how false our relationships have really been. I haven’t really even wanted to be social for the past year and a half but I wanted “friends” so that I would look normal and hopefully stay normal amidst my mental problems.

It’s sad to say that I haven’t received one text from a “friend” from high school. I knew my relationships were false but for some reason I hoped that at least someone would remember me and at least ask how I’m doing. I think some people saw that I was having a shitty time when school was still going or maybe they just think I’ve completely changed as a person. I have no friends anymore and it’s really sad becaUse I don’t think I can make any. The only healthy relationship I have left is with my mom. The only reason this relationship is alive is because how much she loves me. I push her away every day but she just tries harder and harder to understand. I was in the IB program at my school (sort of like AP but for every class). I told her today that I think that I want to drop out and she was so understanding. She told me that if that’s what I have to do she won’t be mad.

My mom tries to encourage me to leave bed every day or stop playing Xbox because it will only make my problems worse. I usually end up fighting with her or crying. She always tells me things will get better but i feel like they won’t. I’ve fought everyday for the past year and a half and nothing has changed. I feel like I don’t have normal depression anxiety or dpdr I feel like I’m not going to be okay but she tells me this every time. She believes it but I really really don’t. At least I still have one person even if I push them away.