I thought I could help them. I was stupid enough to think I could do it. [LONG]For their anonymity I am obviously changing their names. Duh.

Another thing, this is not a post about me. I am not suicidal. A little shaken up about what happened and I'm worried so I came here looking for advice. I need it fast because I don't know how much time I have.


Well Grace likes me but I don't like her and then she tells me how depressed she is because people don't like her that way. Then I feel bad for not liking her that way as if I am also making her depressed. 

But I feel even worse because basically from what she's told me I saved her life pretty much. She was feeling alone and people didn't like her and she's tried to kill herself on multiple occasions and then she met me. She tells me I was nice to her and she thought she could go on with a slight hope I might like her. Then she liked me and now we're best friends.

 I don't like her in that way and I'm just glad that I have a friend finally. But I feel bad now and I feel like I should like her because she has ALL my interests and she understands me a lot better than most people but I don't. She'll talk to me about depressing things with her life and how bad of a person she is (Which she isn't AT ALL) and she gets mad at me and when I tell her things aren't as bad as they seem she always accuses me of lying. She just doesn't trust me and thinks I only tell her those things so she'll shut up.

From all this I've found that I like helping people with their problems. I like to help people and I honestly care and feel bad when they hurt themselves. Her older sister, Rachel, cuts herself and burns herself and has attempted suicide multiple times also. But Rachel doesn't know Grace had also so she wasn't aware. 

After a while Grace finally was open enough to confess she had been cutting. And that she was going to quit. She didn't live up to her promise. But I didn't get mad because I know how hard addictions such as that can be. Anyway, she was at the point where she had made me feel guilty that she was still cutting. She made me feel as if I had done it. That I had been the reason. She always told me that I could make her stop. So when she did it made me feel as if I didn't do enough. Like I wasn't good enough to help someone stop causing pain to themselves. I've never felt this way before about anything. I had an enormous sense of guilt and I finally broke. Hard.

I had promised Grace not to tell Rachel about her cutting problem. And I had intended to keep it. Until I had snapped under the guilt and pressure. I confessed everything to Rachel against my will just to lift the weight. She told me I did the right thing and nobody can keep a secret like that. But if I did the right thing, why didn't I feel like I did?

So then Rachel confronted Grace. Not up front, "I_Just_Need_Help told me everything. You need to stop this". She told Grace that she had fond her Tumblr and looked through the poems she wrote about knives and hints of cutting throughout some of them. She checked her for scars but did it as if it was a a joke. Not as if she was their mom. 

From what they tell me, their mom doesn't understand and just makes things worse. I assume this is common. Another reason Grace didn't tell Rachel is because she feared she would tell their mom. But there was no way she would tell her. Not even if Grace was suicidal. There was no way she could ever do that to her.

Then Grace said she was really mad at me. And she didn't want to talk to me or even see me. This was extremely out of character because ever since we met she's been 100% yandere about me. She'd talk to me even in the worst of moods. I didn't want her to cut herself again but I couldn't contact her so I asked her sister and told her about the suicide part. She now knew about her cutting but the suicide part was new.

Then she, of all people, delivered the final blow to push me over the edge.

She said she didn't care. She didn't care about ANYTHING. She didn;t believe that Grace ever did any of it. She didn't believe me or trust me I came to realize. She told me that the only thing that mattered was realness. FEELING something. Pain was something. And she knew where to find it.

That's when I snapped. I couldn't take it anymore so I broke down and cried for about half an hour. I haven't cried since I was 8 and I NEVER cry. But I'd never experienced anything like this before. Hell, I didn't cry when my dog dies and I found the body. I didn't cry when my grandma died. I always thought I was emotionless and couldn't do anything. But after this happened I couldn't help but think how it was my fault. This didn't happen before I got involved. I really want to kill myself.

I'd never do it so that's not what this is about. I've had feelings of suicide for a LOOONG time but I'd never do it. Mostly because I'd feel bad for my family.

Back to the point. Rachel and Grace always talk to me everyday on FB. Rachel deleted her FB in the past because she felt she was getting too close. She didn't like that I knew a lot about her. She found it scary. I convinced her to reactivate it by messaging her on Tumblr for a while. Well Grace deactivated it again. And her Tumblr. She really doesn't want to talk to me apparently. This is all my fault.

I

just

want

to

die.

I can't live with this guilt. What should I do? I don't think I can help them at all. I can't do anything.