I'm tiredFirst of all. Sorry for my English, it is not my first language.

I'm 30 and I graduated from college in December 2014. I moved to another city after my graduation took place.

I wanted to pursue graduate school, but I needed to work in the real world. So, I decided to look for opportunities to start building my life.

It took me about 8 months to find a job. I worked as a Human Resources Analyst for 2 years in a Logistical Company between 2015 to 2017. At that moment I didn't like how things were done there, so I decided to talk to my boss and tell her that I didn't want to continue working with them. Also, I took my like 4 hours fo commute every day. I didn't have time to do anything outside of work, besides running 30 minutes a day.

I start looking for a job after that. Nonetheless, I didn't get any offer, but I kept sending resumes.

I spent so many hours, sending emails, looking for websites and offers, contacting people, finding friends that could help. In the end, 0 calls.

I was unemployed for a year. I found something, but it was just a 2-months project, nothing else. But, I took it and did it. After that, I took another project with the company in another location for 5 months and another one for a month. They didn't have a permanent job vacancy. Many people there have been working for them for years, some for decades. I tried my best, always with a good mood, and tried to help if there were stuff to be done. The last project ended in July 2019.

I have been looking for a steady-job for so long. I always prepared my interview, I tried to be confident, I took courses, but nothing seems to work, no one offers me an opportunity. 

I'm tired. I don't know what to do now.

I am afraid to end up homeless or living in a dangerous place. I live in the "third world".

I tried many websites, I contacted so many people. All my friends are doing it so well, and I can't find anything. I just want an opportunity to prove myself

I've been thinking of ending it all so many times, but I haven't done it, because I love my parents and sister. Just one time, I really think of trying it. But I didn't. 

I always fantasize about that.

Since college, I always try to make a plan, to develop skills and good habits, and to stick to them. I want to do a lot of things, to be better, but the opportunity aren't there.

I lost enjoyment in things, I used to love: Languages, traveling, reading, learning, movies, videogames.

I feel hopeless. I'm tired.