To anyone who will readI'm going to start this by saying I'm sorry for any hurt I've caused or will cause, other than that I have no regret or shame in what I'm about to do. I see it as one of the most human acts there is and anyone who judges me negatively can go fuck themselves.

I'm not sure when I started to feel this way, it's been a while but I can't place the exact time it started - it was probably about a decade ago gradually getting worse as I grew older. 

I feel like my brain is malfunctioning, it's hard to describe the feeling. We have many words, depression, anxiety, derealization, illness, disorders. But the truth is they're all just human categories for things that no one understands, people like to categorise everything and anything it's part of our nature I guess and I doubt that will change.

The truth is that if we cut out all the bullshit I'm left with a feeling of deep melancholy and worry. It's a fact that I have had to live with everyday, some people say that what I feel isn't real but that doesn't change anything - personal experience is all that is real to a conscious individual.

In recent months I've felt like I've let everyone down and that they'd be better without me, sure people will miss me for a month or so but eventually everyone will carry on with their meaningless lives, searching for a purpose that doesn't exist. Physical processes will keep the world spinning, and the people living, learning, loving, dying, and evolving.

To my family, you did nothing to cause this, we live in a deterministic universe and this was always going to happen like this. I love you all very much thanks for all the good times and the bad - they made me who I was in this world.

To my friends, you're all real MFs keep doing you and aspire to be the best you there is. I hope I was able to have a positive impact on your lives. Thanks for all the good experiences I'm sorry we couldn't share more.

To the rest of the world, be careful we're on the edge of great change both socially and technologically. I believe that human kind is about to evolve into something different. Proceed with caution.

As a closing point, I've not felt this calm in months perhaps it's because I've finally found a way to solve all my troubles for good. Goodbye perhaps if the universe really is infinite we'll all exist again anyways.... Ha yeah right what a load of shite ;)