Long Post. Read, don't read. Up to youI wanted to map out why I feel the way I do and why I've attempted suicide before. This is more of a personal monologue if anything. I'm trying to understand my past in hopes that I'll be able to tell myself that killing myself isn't the solution.

 

Attempting to make sense of it all in chronological order

**Earliest suicidal thought**\- 2005- 12 years old. Wrote down all the ways I could kill myself in the back of my geography notebook. From what I can remember, things like injecting myself with air into my veins and learning about how it can cause death. I made a list of about 8-10 things. Hanging myself, poisoning myself. Why did I do it? I’m really not sure. 

I was depressed about being overweight, being terrible in school, not having many friends. I ended up failing the 7th grade that year. I was so upset. I was in disbelief and overall just crushed. 

2006-2014

A year later, things weren’t much better. Talking about this seems irrelevant since it was so long ago, but I think that’s how It all began. Those feelings of just being crushed, isolated and defeated stuck around longer than they should have. I’m not sure why I wasn’t able to have some sort of appropriate coping mechanism for it all. Down the line, those mechanisms were working out emotionally in hopes to forget and numb the pain and put a pause on an issue I haven’t dealt with. With that came self-harm. 

None of that cutting shit, but punishing myself for the smallest things. if I failed something, felt bad about something or just felt inadequate in some shape or form I would punch myself enough to make it hurt, but not enough to leave lasting marks. I figured blunt force would be enough to punish myself for whatever reasons I thought I was doing, or wasn’t doing. It’s been a while since I’ve done that, but I took it a little too far trying to hang myself on my 21st birthday( Ironic, I know). 

In hindsight, using a belt in a closet with a rack that’s shorter than you isn’t logistically sound. I tried bending my knees and crouching with the belt around my neck. I tried a few more times that day, but didn’t work out. Can’t say I’m glad it didn’t as I write this. Maybe I need better planning at executing this, or I could just use the excuse that it’s another thing I’ve failed to accomplish in my life. 

I honestly didn’t think I’d feel worse now than I did a few years ago and it honestly scares me. My thoughts of suicide and just ending it all come up more frequently than they used to. Some day’s it doesn’t even come up, but even when I actively try to draw attention away from these thoughts, I can count on them coming up the next day, or the day after that. Nevertheless, they never truly leave me. Call them demons or thoughts, but they’re with perpetually with me. I grew up with them, moved to the US with them and graduated with them. This isn’t really a cry for help, because I take responsibility for these thoughts and the actions that may take place as a result of them. Maybe I’ll be around long enough to figure “it” out, or whatever I think “it” is. Depression, suicidal ideations, anxiety; whatever you call it. I don’t like being a victim, which is another reason I don’t really think about reaching out for help. Maybe that’s the exact definition of victim, depending on who you ask. 

&amp;#x200B;

But in the next few years, I’ll either be here or I won’t. I really can’t say right now with certainty. That’s something no one can say with certainty. The only difference is whether It will be through my own hands or through natural causes. On days like this, I tell myself I don’t want to die, and I honestly believe myself at times. Or it could be that I’m just believing a convenient lie for the sake of self-preservation. I don't want to die, I really don't. I'd like to be a father one day and be somewhat successful and try to do good in the world, but I don't think this will happen.

&amp;#x200B;

Tl:dr- Trying to make sense of my depression and suicide from a young age and mapping out what went wrong