I genuinely don’t think I’ll ever be happy.I’ve always seen my life ending with suicide. 

For a little bit of background, I was diagnosed with depression when I was 8. That was the year my parents divorced — until then, I had one alcoholic (but otherwise okay) parent and one drug addicted, abusive parent. A lot of things that I won’t go into detail about regarding my parents happened before that point and after that point.

I’ve always struggled to connect with people. I felt vulnerable as a child, so I reacted with anger when my peers tried to befriend me. They learned not to try. I switched to home school by middle school at which point I hardly ever went outside. My social skills deteriorated even more. I made good online friends, but they ultimately turned on me because I was “too annoying”. Really, I was just a lonely kid who had never been listened to before, so I guess I talked too much when we would voice chat. After that, I lost my ability to connect with people completely. It was already hard, but since this happened 8-ish years ago, I haven’t been able to maintain any relationships. I don’t even talk to my biological siblings anymore. I had three close friends, but I stopped talking to two of them over time and the other stopped talking to me. I don’t know why. I’m a distant friend, but I still try to be good to people. I got help for my anger a long time ago. These days, I’m just awkward, I guess.

To get to the point, I don’t have any friends. I was a smart kid, but my academic potential declined very suddenly when I was in high school. I tried a lot of things to help it, but nothing worked. My grades plummeted and I didn’t get into any colleges I was aiming for. I was ostracized by my work colleagues for reporting sexual harassment. Most of my family stopped talking to me because of my history of being unstable. Honestly, I don’t blame them. 

I crave normality. I want to be happy. I want good things, I aim for good things, I work hard. Admittedly, I’ve become pessimistic, but I still have this foolish hope that things will become better. I’ve been holding on like this for twelve years, writing suicide letters and coming in and out of hospitals like they’re hotels. I’ve watched myself wither away, I’ve watched the life soak back in just to leave again. I’ve also been dealing with a mentally ill mother. I’ve always had to be the parental figure for her, but most of the time it feels like I’m the only one who even cares about keeping our family afloat and our house clean. To be honest, my sense of obligation to her is the only reason I am still alive. 

I know I’m over-sharing. I know this is too long for anyone to really want to read. I guess that says a lot about me — I can’t get to the point. I ramble. I share information that hardly matters, if it matters at all. I can’t communicate well. I don’t have any friends. I don’t have a promising future. I feel lonely all the time. The only time when I feel like I’m okay is when I’m in a manic episode. 

What I’m getting at is I’m planning on killing myself. My birthday’s coming up soon, but I don’t want to live another year like this. I’m sick of my only motivation to live being the dumb hope that it’s going to get better. Maybe it does for some people. But I don’t see it ever getting better for me. It’s not that I want to die, really, but living with this this heaviness in my heart isn’t fulfilling in any way. I’m tired of struggling.