I want to believe that I can be happy again.I've had depression for over 7 years now. It has gotten worse and worse until I ultimately prepped for suicide a couple months ago and was caught.

I'm alive now because I dont want to hurt people. I've gotten a bit better- there are things in life I want to experience and do...but day to day life feels so hard to get through.

I'm in a really bad living situation where I cant even eat, sleep, shower, or even pee while feeling safe. One of my roommates has mental illnesses and is extremy aggressive verbally emotionally and physically. I have a part time job that pays excellently, but it is contracting and client based, so its unsteady and unreliable. Sometimes I make enough to eat and pay rent and sometimes I dont. I've been applying to second jobs for ages but even target wont re hire me and I dont know why.

I'm feeling unloved by friends and have moved away from most of them anyways. I will try to make plans but I feel like the effort is so one sided. I'm having a hard time keeping new friends and dont enjoy being around people much anyway. Friends I do spend time with seem to be getting bored of me and will ignore me most of the time. When I get lonely during the day, I'll normally have to contact about 7 people before one replies at all- and even then, they're usually not willing to talk. I have reached out to friends about being suicidal and they just reply with a frowny face or will blatantly ignore me (I can see read receipts or see them posting/chatting elsewhere).

Romantically I dated 3 guys in a row who assaulted me and then had a guy tell me that after sex he decided I was only fuckbuddy, not girlfriend material. During this period I was assaulted in my own home more than once by different men and had to move to feel safe again.

I've chosen to drop out of school because I hated it and hated my major. I was succeeding just fine but i hated all of my work. I already dont enjoy life and I didnt want to keep paying for a degree that would get me a job that I dread going to every day.

Honestly I just feel hopeless. I thought my goals were realistic- I wanted a teeny apartment, a dog, a car. I used to want a partner but I've given up on that after men have assaulted me or laughed in my face because I've denied sex. I dont think everyone is bad I just am not willing to risk more bad experiences. All I want now is a space where I feel like I can pee, eat, and shower at leisure but i dont even have that. Money is already stretched tight so i definitely dont have enough funds to move out into a place of my own. I would love to do that but they will not let me sublet my lease even if I do get the funds to move out separately.

I have no idea where my career is going. I was rejected for a very simple job again and it just felt like the last straw. I want to be happy but I also feel like being unhappy is unattainable at this point even with a job. I feel like the future I want is reasonable but unreachable. I feel like people are always going to treat me this way.

I've been seeing a free emergency psychiatrist for months and they keep letting me come back for free because I'm just constantly suicidal. I think my longest record of no suicidal thoughts has been 12 hours. Normally I have multiple in one hour.

I dont know if I really want to die or if I just want to escape the hardship I'm facing because it seems like it wont ever end/wont ever lead to a worthwhile future. I know I could have it so much worse. I know I could be successful...but I want to be HAPPY. I've worked a lot on changing my mindset and am happier than I was but I'm still so sad and I still want to die. Meds and people aren't helping. My faith in humanity is lost. I'm broke, hungry, and cant find a job. I just need words of encouragement to know that I'm not crazy and that I'm going to be able to live a life that I dont dread every fucking day.

If you read this far...thanks.