Killing myself will be the only decision i make that is my ownLong story short, I  am tired of people telling me how to live, what to do all day and that everything i say/do/think is wrong. It started with my parents and has now carried on to my gf who wont fucking let me live my life how I want. I am too much of a pussy/pushover to break up with her (together 3+ yrs) and she is too fucking clingy to let me go and to let me do what i want. I am a fucking adult. If i want to spend some time watching a series, then i should be able to do it and not feel guilty about it for not working or studying or preparing for higher studies. And it is not like i am need of money or that I am not well off or respected: I am working as a researcher in a company in a very growing field and i get compensated well enough for it.....but despite all that, i still cannot do whatever it is i want to do! And after all this time, i just cannot take it anymore....everything has now come to a point where i cannot even open a website without being told that i am wrong and it is killing me.

&amp;#x200B;

I had been contemplating suicide for a long time, but today was it....i was just lying down for a few minutes because I had slept late and my gf got into a fight with me and just went on shouting for a 30 minutes about all the things that i could have been dong and  how much i waste time and shit. Usually, i just take it in and dont get angry, but after 3 yrs, i finally lost it today (i guess because i was internalising everything bevause i dont really have any friends who i can vent/talk to) and shouted (not at her, but just got angry and threw my phone at the ground) to which she started crying and then started this whole emotional blackmailing about how bad I am and how much she loves me (but has to tolerate me) and that she does not deserve it and all.

&amp;#x200B;

So then i had a random thought....commiting suicide will be the only decision that i can make that will be mine....and for those brief few minutes/seconds, i will be free. I will be free because at that moment wont have to listen to anyone, or do anything that anyone tells me to do. I can relax, have my own thoughts and let it all go. It seems like a blissful and calming feeling and honestly i want to experience it. Sorry for the long message. Thank you for reading.