I don't think i'll kill myself over this but this will definitely up the chancesHi /r/SuicideWatch so there's been a lot going on over the last year or so much more than I feel I want to type up in a post as it could take me all day but basically I've been fighting a losing battle for a while now but small victory's are helping me get through the worst parts for example i passed my driving theory test two days ago :).

Anyway ill give you some background so you can help me with these problems, so around two years ago i was 16 got into my first real relationship with a girl named abbey about 9 months into the relationship she got really drunk at a party she got really angry at me when i told her to slow down a bit and tried to make out with one of my friends at the party needless to say it didn't work he didn't make out with her, for the remaining months of our relationship she acted extremely distant and unloving as i showered her with praise until around February last year I broke up with her. A bad and good break up at the same time as we were both extramly sad but were able to calmly talk to each other and come to an undersanding however my mother through this time told me she was  disappointed in me because I wouldn't get over her in literally two days and said she must of raised me wrong because i'm fucked up anyway.....

Between that time and now I got a job at McDonalds hated it quit got kicked out of my house got forced to move back into my house normal school issues however i don't mind school that much rampant suicidal thoughts and just generally scared of the future and sad at life. Throughout this time abbey would message me now and again and wed talk for a couple of days before i stopped as i never really stopped having feelings towards her so i couldn't talk to her without feeling like shit.

ok so here's the real problem we started talking two months ago ended up started having casual sex weekly i know great idea, said at the begging that if we chose to date people we would be ok with that and would stop this. one of my friends asked her out couple of days ago im not ok with that they went out on a date none of them told me she lied to me about why she couldn't come round and where she went. I worked it out for myself [here are the texts from tmrw to today when i worked it out](http://imgur.com/a/927HO).

 I just read through that and have left a bit out but i hope this gives the general gist of what im trying to say honestly i never fell out of love with her i don't think that's really something i can do but i know she has with me.

what should I do.