Why not just end it?I'm tired of listing the things wrong with myself in my head so forgive me if I don't it here. I'm using a throw away so that counts for something right? Anyway long and short of it is I hate myself. I want to excavate my skull to the brain stem, only reason I stop there is cause I worry that if I tried to go further down I'd just vegtabalize myself instead of killing myself.

For the longest time I've worried how I'd hurt my family, but they'd move on. Most of them would be ok with it, and the few who would be hurt would recover and I'd just become that nasty memory none of them talk about.

I have some friends, and I'm thankful for that, but its the same case as for family.

I'm so tired of knowing I'm a burden on everyone, I just want to stop worrying and do them a favor at the same time.

For a while I told myself I'd at least wait until I invented something important before killing myself but the longer I go on I just think why why why wait.


I both think I'm the greatest person alive and the worst, and then I think everyone else around me is stupid and uglier than me, even though I know its just some perverted narcissism. Then at the same time, in the same thought, I know I look autistic, sound retarded, and have no place around normal people. I just can't handle it anymore I'm so tired of being alone, even dating people I fail to find a connection and just default to the sexual cause that's the only thing I can do to provoke a reaction from so's.

I know what I'll do. I'll buy or steal a shotgun, go to the highest building I can find, probably one of those fucking hotels, stand on the ledge, and shoot myself so I'll slump over the edge. The danger with guns is they might not work, and I don't want to ruin them for my family but they aren't as interested in guns anymore. And the danger with heights is you can regret it on the way down, find you always had all the solutions but couldn't find them till your ten feet off the ground from a one hundred foot drop. This solves both issues.

I always get like this, I always recover, and then get like this again. I know I'll probably get like this again if I recover now so why bother recovering? I don't want to hurt anyone, hell my mom might kill herself if I do so I have to find a way to avoid that, maybe make her completely hate me before I go idk I'm working on that, people, always confused me, even if I understood them I could never do the delicate dances of interactions well.

I just don't want to be a burden anymore, hell that might just be in my head and deep down I know it might be, but I JUST CAN'T TELL MYSELF THAT IT DEFINITELY IS. So I just always doubt myself and I can't handle it anymore, I just want quite in my own head at this point.

I don't even know why I'm posting this, it always helps a little, but it never does anything permanent.

I'm sorry for taking up you time reading this, I'm just whining, I'm too much of a pussy to do it. Im just waiting for that right little push, and deep down I think I want that little push over the edge, I feel like it would almost be a small kindness, the most I deserve.