I have prospects but I’m still suicidal?Hi. 
I will be relatively vague.

My life has always been crappy and I have usually dealt with it myself and kept everything to myself and been alright with that. Well I just used to sob and talk to online friends whenever I was feeling sad. Or read fanfics. 

Around 2 years ago I ended up going to my uni counsellor and talking things out to her (most things, kept a lot to myself) and then ended up studying abroad and making friends and opening up a little to them. 

I thought talking about your problems was meant to make you feel better but it actually just made me feel like a burden. 
I tried stupid overdose on tablets which didn’t even work and then tried again like 2 weeks later, same tablets, didn’t work again. Ended up in hospital both times and had to lie about it to parents and say I was studying in the library since I was kept overnight both times. 

I got dumped after the first attempt which made me feel worse, then was told I am manipulative for saying I wanted to kill myself even more so after the breakup. I pretty much believe that and I regret feeling that way, but I couldn’t help it. I was sad enough to want to die and so it made me feel worse. And I still want him back pretty much every moment of every day. 

I think I have undiagnosed bpd. But I don’t want to open up about anything enough to my gp so I probably won’t ever be diagnosed.

My last attempt was in late June, I ended up taking a lethal dose of codeine but it didn’t kill me, I think because I was abusing it on the side beforehand so my body was a little used to it, so I just kept puking and had crazy abdominal pains for a while. I think about overdosing again every single day, I think I will at least double the dose but that’s over 100 tablets and it makes me nauseous just thinking about it. I have thought about hanging myself since that’s way more lethal but I don’t want my family to deal with seeing me that way, and really just want to stop breathing in my sleep after taking all the codeine.  

I just finished my BA (after many months of extensions) and have been offered a place to study a Master’s in something I’m really interested in but I still want to kill myself? 

I have no idea how to go about anything and I don’t think therapy can help - they recommended me for CBT over the phone but I haven’t heard anything in months. I also don’t think it will help because I try to incorporate all those techniques into my life already. And I’ve tried counselling which didn’t help. 

I’m doing a lot better than I was (I think? I think I’m just not coping with anything) but I don’t think I can get over anything - if I end up crying, I get really really sad and think about every single thing ever, then either self harm or take codeine to knock out and go to bed. 

I’m not happy even though I have a potentially great future in an area I like. And I don’t know why.