Two years of no attempts - I feel like it's time to try againI've struggled with depression for at least the last 14 years. I first noticed I had a problem shortly after my mom remarried and my stepdad changed. When they were dating he was fun, I called him the Odie guy because when I was 3 he painted a picture of Odie just for me. He played legos with me and let me use his N64 whenever I wanted, and didn't get mad when I beat him at Mario Kart. After they got married though, he really changed. He screamed at me over everything. I have really bad ADD and struggled with doing my homework. Once I asked him how many quarts were in a gallon, and he screamed at me for an hour before giving me an answer. 

Because of him, I started cutting when I was in 8th grade. I remember being in a bad car accident with my sister and wishing that I would die in the hospital because I thought it would be better than having to go home and catch up on a weeks worth of homework. My mom seemed oblivious to it, I realize now that it was only because I never spoke up about it and he only really screamed at me when we were alone. Otherwise he would just tell me to shut up or go to my room.

I finally moved out three years ago, and he turned his aggression toward my younger sister. I feel guilty for not staying home and taking it until she was old enough to leave. Of course, that would just leave my mom alone with him. 

The first time I tried to kill myself I was 17 and I left home to drive off a bridge. I took some painkillers and started driving toward the river. My dad called me on my cell about a half mile from the bridge and asked if I wanted to go into Battle Creek with him to see my stepbrother, at 11 PM. He's always been close to me and he said he just had a bad feeling and wanted to see me ASAP. I ended up throwing up and stayed with him most of the night before I went home.

After I moved out, I brought my boyfriend up to live with me. It wasn't the best situation, because he had some of the same bad habits as my stepdad. Namely, he screams at me. He hasn't hit me, he's pushed me a few times to get me away from him but so far it's only been emotional abuse. 

After I started cutting again, I went to my doctor and asked for help. I didn't want to take pills because they mess with my head and I knew they would be bad for me. Well, they had me take them anyway. After a week on the happy stuff, I started hallucinating at night and having horrifying anxiety attacks. I called my doctor but the emergency line they gave me had no answer, so I called the ER and they told me to stop taking the pills and see my doctor as soon as I could. 

Two days later I locked myself in the bathroom and bashed my head against the toilet until I started to bleed. My boyfriend called an ambulance and they hospitalized me. A few weeks of therapy and I've been a good girl since. I haven't tried to hit myself, cut, or take more than my prescribed dose of painkillers.

I have fibromyalgia in addition to the depression and anxiety. It's extremely painful but I live with it every day and I try to not let it get in the way. Stress can make the pain flare up more, so my boyfriend asked me to quit my job at Subway and stay home. The agreement was that I would cook, clean, and manage the apartment. Housewifey sort of deal. But I enjoy that. I don't mind cleaning, I LOVE cooking, and it lets me work from home. Lately though, he's changed his mind. He's started screaming at me again whenever I ask about starting a savings account, or asking him to stop buying me things I don't want/need. He's become abusive again and I can't let it continue this time.

But I have nowhere to go. I can't leave, my Mom won't take me and my Dad can't take me. I could ask my Aunt in Florida, but she just went through a divorce and there's no way she could afford to let me stay with her and my two nieces. All of my friends still live with their parents, and they're worse at finances than my boyfriend is. I have no safety net since he took all of the money I did have saved so he could buy groceries after he overdrafted and his bank charged him about $120 in fees.

I love my family, and I love my cat (his name is Gandalf). But just ending it seems better and better every passing day. My family will get over it eventually, and it's not like my boyfriend is going to miss me. I'll just be a story for him to tell later. And my roommate adores Gandalf so I don't have to worry about him having to go to a shelter or something. But the pain I go through every day, from my heart being stomped on to my spine feeling like it's being ripped out every time I move... It's too much for me to handle. I've already boxed up all of my crap to donate, and written my notes. 

I haven't decided how I'll do it yet, the river is only a few blocks over, I live on the 3rd floor, I have knives and pills and so many other things at my disposal. I know I'm probably being selfish but right now I just don't care. 