Someone please talk to me. Every other thought is an image of death. I don't know how much more suffering I can take, and I think I have officially failed at life. I feel incredibly suicidal.I want to commit suicide. There is no question about it. The only reason for hesitation is that I don't want to hurt the people who I love. I've been suicidal for the vast majority of my life, including childhood. It doesn't feel like an easier feeling to deal with as time goes on. It primarily gets harder.

But I'm in a city with no friends and a SO who is usually busy. I feel completely and utterly alone. I don't know if I have ever felt this horrible in my life. I've been suicidal for most of it, but now I am seriously at the end of my rope.

I want to talk about it with my therapist, but I can't handle the trauma of being hospitalized for the 6th time. I know that if I was completely honest, I would undoubtedly be locked up. The 5th time was primarily dissociation and flashbacks, so I honestly think it would do more harm than good.

Oh, and I have officially failed at my career goals and had to give that up. So that's cool. I'm too dysfunctional to handle that career path. Now I'm too dysfunctional to handle basic tasks. I can't pretend I feel okay about it. Even eating is challenging.

It also hurts a bit to know that the only time my parents are capable of showing me genuine compassion is when I'm in crisis. I don't know whether it feels good or bad honestly. It feels good to have my abusive parents care about me, but it hurts that me hardcore wanting to be dead is the one and only time they show compassion.

I can't find joy in anything. I try getting out. I try doing activities I used to enjoy. I'd rather do nothing and feel terrible than do something that should be enjoyable and feel even more terrible.

I'm certainly a danger to myself, but I WILL NOT let myself be hospitalized again. That would be more than I can bear and would likely only make things worse. Is there an alternate option that isn't super expensive?

I just want to be dead.