I wish i never existedWhat's the whole point of life? I just don't get it. Some idiots say we are special. According to my understanding, every life's value is same. \[For example, an ants life=humans life, only the structure and complexity of working are different\]. Humans are nothing special. Many had died before us and many will die in future, they were humans too, some were considered great in human terms and some were not. But they all died in the end. Most of us live our lives living in fantasy. Not even once bothered to look outside their comfort zones. But as you grow older, our comfort zones will rip itself apart making you to face harsh reality. Some overcome this by using drugs. Some are not lucky enough to not see the real world. Some end their lives as it gets tougher. Some are cowards like me because its scary to die. At the end of the day, it never really matters whether anyone exists or not existed. But i still would prefer the later.

So in order to live in this world. One has to find something he/she desires. Without any desires, Life gets tough, it gets miserable over time. Even having desires is not good enough, you must find the way to achieve your desires. There is no point in hoping. If you want to catch a fish, you have use fishing rod, bait, go in areas where there are more fish and have to wait patiently to get a fish. No fish will comes if you just wait near a lake/pond without doing anything.

Stop hoping life will change magically. If you really want your life to change and achieve what you desire, you have to take the necessary actions to be the change.

I am just probably going through the five stages of death.

The five stages are denial, anger, bargaining, depression and acceptance.

I am probably going through acceptance.

I simply wish i never existed, but I could be taking the easy way out by thinking like these due to cognitive ease.

I no longer know whether i exist or not, anymore. I don't know what am i anymore? I just don't know anything anymore? But, did i knew anything before to begin with.

I feel nothing now a days. Simply nothing. I feel kind of brain-dead on autopilot mode. I no longer have no idea what to do anymore. I have no desires to proceed further with this life.