I posted here once before.I dont know internet folks, I know I cant kill myself, not until my kids are grown, I cant make them the kids in school whose dad offed himself, but it's getting harder to function in the world. Even though their mother takes my child support money but wont allow me to see them, they will still find out, and it would be a mind fuck that would really hurt them for many years. I know this. So I am not going to kill myself. 

But I dream about it. I want it more than anything. 

I think of ways to make it an accident. No one would ever know, right? Maybe a car accident, drive into a pole at 80 mph or something. No, see, I would just get paralyzed. I know this.

I have never known this level of true desolation and just "alone". It has been almost two and a half years since I vowed to never bring anyone into my mess of a life again. Two and a half years since a hug or any real contact with another person. I have a job I hate and I can't get a better one because I have a marijuana possession that kills every job offer I get. So much for college and work experience ... nooooooo, you touched a plant!!!

Fuck ... marijuana is the only reason I am alive anymore. I can't really afford it very often, but it's like recharging a battery every time I can partake. Gives me another week or so without collapse.

I thought for just a moment I would try to be a person. I made an online dating profile, came up with some witty stuff. I thought it was good, thought I outdid myself. Sent out some messages, only got one back. It said "not interested, do not message me again". Hmmmm. 

I am truly and ugly man, I get it. I know it, but I used to have charm, and it served me pretty well. Sure I had to work harder at getting attention than good looking people, but now those days are over. Youth is gone, I am no longer even in my early 30s. I am just so fucking sick of being me. I really wish my existence on all planes (if there are any other planes of existence I don't care to see them either) would just stop. 

If there is a soul, I want my soul to die. A complete soul death. 

I want it so bad I can taste it.