Still young but already at the end of my ropeI'm an 18 year old guy and I've been contemplating suicide for about 5 years now. I attempted to go through with it once by overdosing on acetaminophen and painkillers, but I ended up just getting sick and now my liver is probably messed up permanently.

I have anxiety, depression, ADHD, and god knows what else. Oh, and I'm ugly. Not your standard below-average, unkempt looking kinda guy. I have a crossbite and an asymmetrical jaw, which has left my teeth crooked, chipped, and worn down (they'll probably be gone by age 25). My hairline is already receding, so I'll be bald by 25 on top of toothless. My hair is a yellowish-orange color, my eyebrows are a whitish yellow, and my skin/eyes are even tinted yellow from liver problems. My eyes are red and puffy, my nose is crooked and covered in blackheads, my lips are thin and asymmetrical (the top is a totally different color than the bottom), my chin is off centered and slanted, my ears stick out, my cheeks are chubby (even though I have a low BMI)... I'll spare you the rest of my bodily deformities, but just know that my face is bad enough to make any girl steer from me like a dead end. BDD is one thing, but I've had my notions backed up by countless rude comments and looks. 

I've tried to attract attention in other ways; I've learned photography, drums, piano, guitar, violin, longboarding, bass, saxophone, harmonica, and I've written and published my own poems and songs. I was near the top of my class in high school, and was voted the funniest guy in my class. 

Despite pouring every ounce of effort throughout high school into making myself a likable person, every girl I've ever liked has shut me down miserably. I'm a virgin still, 14 months after graduating high school. I kissed one girl at my graduation party, but found out the next day that she also made out with my best friend a few hours after. 

I was a straight arrow throughout high school (rarely drank, never did drugs), but after spending a year utterly alone at university, I'm now addicted to getting high. I've gotten high every day for about 9 months, on whatever I can get my hands on. I take xanax, codeine, and adderall every morning to get me through the day.

I'm moving out again in a couple weeks, and I still have no clue what I'm doing with my life. If I go back to university for another year I'll almost certainly off myself within a few months/weeks/days. 

**TL;DR** I'm ugly, alone, and I can't get a grip on my life. Every morning I wake up hoping today will be my last day. 

 