Today I told my mom I am suicidal. Her reaction made it worse..I am 18 years old and have had depression and severe anxiety since I was 13 (diagnosed). I was also diagnosed with an eating disorder but have recovered since. My parents have always been terrible with dealing with my mental health, especially my mom who calls me a burden tells me she doesn't know how to deal with me, I'm making her crazy, or plain out ignores me. My dad, he tries and I really appreciate him for that and I know if he had a better understanding of mental health he could convince my mom that this is serious. My parents both do not believe in therapy. Ironic because I am studying to become a psychiatrist so you can already guess they don't support that. I have been telling my mom I need therapy for months because my mental state is rapidly deteriorating and she laughs as if therapy is some sort of shameful act. My doctor keeps referring me to a psychiatrist and my parents refuse to let me. The problem is, I lost my job, am living with my parents, covered by their insurance, so I cant move out or go on my own. I have regressed physically and mentally this last year, I gained weight, my acne is horrid, I have tried everything and give up I have not an ounce of confidence I feel like the ugliest person in the world. My mental health has gotten significantly worse, my cortisol levels are extremely high, I have been experiencing disassociation and derailment on top of my violent anxiety attacks. I also have been having nocturnal seizures my doctor says are from stress. 

&amp;#x200B;

Today while I am working o my 16 college assignments my mom starts criticizing me telling me I don't help her and gives me a list of things to do. I broke down and told her I can't handle this anymore and the last couple weeks I have been seriously considering suicide. Mind you, I have been dropping hints for weeks to her and she hears them yet ignores me. She told me to stop saying things like that in front of my siblings and that I bring this on myself. She's not a bad person and she goes through a lot but she makes it explicitly clear that my mental health is nothing but a burden to her. Anyway, I just needed to get this off my chest. I am trying not to give in to my urges and I am going to try really hard to get away from everything.