The world has been systematically stripping things that make me happy and my coping mechanisms for the last 3 yearsI used to work out and that made me happy. I was on a fencing team. Then I got a sinus infection for 4 months and shortly after recovering from that herniated a disk in my back, got surgery almost a year later, and I still am extremely limited in what I can do without serious and painful consequences. I was 21 when I had back surgery.

I like to play guitar and video games. I have random onset numbness and pain in my arms and hands with zero medical explanation. No doctor took it seriously when it was at its worst and now it just peaks its head back into my life now and again to remind me it can make my life hell again.

I used to like to drink, but then one night I ended up in the hospital with pancreatitis after possibly being drugged by a hostess. Now I can’t drink anymore lest I want to reignite excruciating pain in my side. I like weed but I moved to a country where it isn’t legal. Now I’m trying antidepressants again, the same ones I took when I was a kid but it’s just made me even more depressed and brought back my suicidal thoughts.

I’m a sex addict. I put my dick in a too-small vibrator cup over 3 months ago and ever since I can’t get a full erection and I have pain and numbness. I still masturbate twice a day even though it makes it worse because it’s the only positive chemicals I can get out of anything. Doctor hasn’t done any actual tests or anything beyond looking at it and giving me fucking herbs. I’ve lost my fuckin ability to have sex in my 20s.

All my friends are too busy succeeding to care. I graduated a semester late, just in time for Covid to start. Now all my friends have jobs and are growing themselves and their careers and I’m a useless piece of shit. I’ve seen my friends twice in the past 4 months partly because I’m an afterthought to them. Even my best friend says I’m not their best friend. 

I’m in a different country than my family during this whole crisis, and I vowed to myself that if I didn’t get a job I’d kill myself before coming back. The US is a shithole now so I’d rather not go back anyway. I figure it’s easier on my family if I die overseas and they just have to accept it, rather than finding my body. My visa expires in under 2 months and I don’t see myself finding a job before then. I just want an easy way to go but nothing seems easy enough for my lazy ass. I checked all the tall building around me and none of them have public access to their stairways, and my apartment building is only 11 stories, and I want to make sure to get the full 45 meters needed to die with confidence.

I hate this bullshit, I read the news and there’s zero hope for humans or my generation. Even if I solve every one of the problems I have, what’s the point? The world is not sustainable and is only capable of burning itself out and exploding into violence and oppression. There’s nothing worth looking forward to. And that’s assuming I’m not going to have more medical and situational problems piled on me by this cruel fucking universe.

I want to talk to someone but all my friends are either too busy succeeding and I don’t want to pull them down, don’t trust them, or don’t want to trigger them. So here I am writing a dumb post that I’ll probably delete.

If anyone knows a good place to jump from in Tokyo HMU