It’s gonna be over soonI’ve had major depression for like half of my life. Ever since I was 9 I’ve been self harming and attempting suicide. I am currently failing out of college, my girlfriend broke up with me, and I can barely keep up with rent. I can’t even get help because I don’t have health insurance. I see a school appointed therapist because of my previous attempts but I can just tell she’s over my shit. It’s not a hard thing to see. Everybody around me thinks I’m a burden. I’ve been trying to replace my ex by sleeping around, just desperate for somebody to hold me and tell me they love me, even if it’s a lie. Even just for the night. I’ve lost all motivation, I can’t keep up with my classes. I’m gonna do it tonight. I’ve overdosed before and it was very peaceful, so I’m going to do it again. I’ve collected pills and last time I didn’t take them all, but this time I’m gonna take every single one. If that doesn’t work I’m gonna slit my wrist and if that doesn’t work I’m gonna jump off the bridge next to my job after my shift. I just need this to end.. My mom is dying and we barely even have a relationship and my family all thinks I’m a failure and a disappointment. The worst part is that nobody else understands why I feel the way I do. And they don’t care to understand. I’m alone. Forever. And that’s how I’m going to die. I wish my mom hadn’t found me the last time I attempted suicide and I would be free. I would of missed out on 3 years of constant suffering. This is the only solution. There’s no way out and this world is not meant for me. I’m too weak, vulnerable, naive. I’m like a lost and abused puppy that you just kick and hurt, but I’ll always come back with my tail wagging, hoping that this time I’ll do something right and somebody will love me how I love them. Nobody ever does, and I can’t expect them to. I don’t know. I’m rambling. I just needed to tell somebody that I’ve made up my mind because I won’t be able to tell my loved ones before I die. I don’t think I’m gonna leave a note. I don’t think anybody would even read it. I’m sorry.