I had very dark thoughts 7 years ago, I'm still hereHello everyone, I'm having a bad day in terms of pain today and I wanted to share my story. If you are in a bad place I hope you re-consider and give yourself the goal of just making it through this day.

During high school I started suffering from chronic pain. It wasn't the kind that makes me unable to have a normal life or the kind that affects movement etc. However, for the last 7 years I have been in pain for every second of every minute of every hour of every day.

Being young then and having had a "easy" life up until the point I had never developed any mental frameworks to help fight pain/bad feelings. So very quickly I fell into depression. Very quickly the depression went really bad and I had some serious thoughts of suicide. But I set myself a very simple goal: just make it through today. 

I can't remember how long it lasted but then one day after switching to another medication (pain medication) I actually woke up and felt normal. The pain was still there but I didn't feel depressed. AT THIS POINT I URGE YOU TO READ UNTIL THE END, THIS IS NOT ABOUT MY "easy overnight recovery". The pain was and is still there but the depression was gone. And ever since that morning I have not been depressed or had suicidal thoughts.

What this post is about: 
Before doing anything to yourself, PLEASE:
talk to a close friend.
if you don't have a close friend, talk to family.
if you don't have family, please talk to a doctor.
I have a positive experience about doctors and would recommend talking to one anyways.

Make it through today. Chances are you will NOT have it as "easy" as I had and chances are your depression/pain will last longer. Just make it through today. One day you WILL find the trigger that helps you recover. It could be:
a new hobby
a new friend
a book
sheer luck
a working medicine
mental toughness/couping mechanisms
w/e
But, one day you will wake up and feel normal. Because so did I. I am not special/super smart/anything. I'm still in pain, I have good days and bad days. But I'm still here and tomorrow I will still be here. And I want you to be here tomorrow. Even though I don't know any of you, what we share is that we have been in a dark place. I was very lucky for getting out in a relatively short time. But even if you have been there for years, just make it through today. One day there will be a hand that pulls you out.

Even if you feel that this is your only option and that you have no one. Even if you have no one, you still have yourself. Even if everyone else quit on you, DO NOT QUIT ON YOURSELF. Just make it through today. And repeat.