I don't know if help or solace is possible but here goes nothing.I was once a normal child of a middle class family, content in everything. I can't pinpoint an exact moment, but at some point everything turned to shit. I need help and that's really the bottom line. Why am I turning to a bunch of strangers on the internet? Well, my mom joined what I'm pretty sure is a cult. I asked her if I could have dinner with her on her bday and she said no because her group was coming over 3 days later and she had to prepare. For 3 days. I just wanted to see my mom but apparently I'm valued less than her fellow "group" members. My dad has always been an abusive ass and has been out of the picture for a long time. My friends are pretty cool but are shallow at best. I don't let people get close to me because of what I went through with my first husband, a story I don't want to tell. I do have my current SO who is more amazing than I could have imagined. Far better than I'm worth. The only reason I haven't, ya know, is because of him, my cat, and my little bro. However, I'm finding myself at the breaking point. I've had the suicidal thoughts before but I always knew I wouldn't act on it. Lately it's been too much, to the point where I am in a very real danger of snapping. My SO and I are homeless. We're squatting in a strangers house. The fucked up part is that we both have full time jobs but still can't afford a place to live. I mean, what is that? What do we have to do? I have a degree in biology and he has a certification in culinary arts. School was a stupid idea but I honestly feel tricked into it, by my parents, by society. We're not even fucked up criminals or addicts or mentally ill, yet everyone assumes we are because we are homeless. Sometimes I think I need to just get off reddit because it makes me more depressed. So many peope saying there aren't starving people in the us, no one dies of preventable diseases, all you have to do is work hard. I do work hard. I'm always there but it's just not enough to live on. We're dying. One set back and it's all over, no more food, no more water. Water, that's a fun one. Everyone thinks it's free. It's not. Please, guys, give the next homeless guy you see a glass of fucking water. Anyway, I'm getting sidetracked here. The point is that I'm reaching the point of no return, the point to where life is no longer worth living. I feel like if I don't kill myself now, it's just going to be a more painful death soon.




Also, inb4 you have Internet. Listen guys, poor people are extremely adept at getting free shit, Internet being the easiest.