I don't know.I think of death all the time. I have reached a point where I don't expect anything good to happen to me. I'm 28, and I don't want to hear people to tell me that I'm young, and that I have my whole life ahead, and that things are going to be ok. Because this is what I have been telling myself all my life.
It feels like the hope in me is dying in someway; everyday, everytime, I walk and talk and smile like everyone, but down inside, I feel like I'm withering, and that I will just crumble at any time.
I haven't always been like this, but I don't feel the strength to walk anymore. I always thought that something nice will come to me. 
It's true that I have made lots of mistakes along the way, that I haven't really worked for it; and when I start assuming responsibility like this, I feel burdened, I feel overwhelmed by how much subconsciously perhaps, I really want to end up fucked.
I'm 6'2, 230 pound guy, and I feel weak. I feel alone, ridiculously alone, even though I have always been a loner. I don't want to be pitied upon; I just, I just don't know.
Yes, I have been thru abuse, lots of it. Physical and emotional and sexual and psychological abuse, you name it. I have been thru. I always thought that all of this have in turn shape me to be more resilient, to be stronger in a way. 
I feel like the guy who walks along a quiet beach, and there's the most beautiful sunset that there can ever be; the sea frothes near my feet, and the sand feels like gentle rubs. But in my mind, it's all screams, and cries, and pain, and despair.
I don't know what I feel, or what to do, or how to live any more any longer. 
Sometimes I feel like death would just be a deliverance, and then I start thinking of how some people have it worse than me, and then I'm like, could it have been as bad as this.
There's this flicker of hope inside of me, and I still 'dream'. I want to be in love with someone, to have someone love me, to just hug someone, but then there's my mind which is so fucked up that I can't really trust anyone anymore, and there's my body, which I feel is failing me, because I'm this sickly guy.
I really don't know why I'm saying this here out of all places, but I have nobody else to share this with.
And I feel that I shouldn't share this kind of thing to anyone because it's going to be like as if I'm burdening him with some of the weight inside me. 
I feel like I walk with a cross I don't want anyone else to carry, but I still want to be happy.
I don't know. I don't know what I should do.