Suicide and identity - note I left myself earlier.Been thinking about this for a few weeks. Sat down to consider this earlier today. Sorry if the language gets pretentious - I never really post this kind of stuff, so this was mostly written for my eyes only. Felt the urge to share though.

Identity and Suicide.

Here you are. 

You have decided that you don’t want to live anymore.

Why would you? You’re sad. You feel broken. You feel a longing in your core at which you can’t find a target - just a ceaseless feeling that something is missing. You feel unconfident - both in your abilities and in your body. Your future riddled with unsureness - where do I go next? Will I be happy there? How will things be different?

Will a beach fill a void?

Will spending paychecks on museums end your anxiety?

Probably not, I would imagine.

Thusly, you’ve decided it’s time to die. An ironic pursuit given your fear of death, though you gather it would feel better to answer that last question instead of live longer with a gnawing at your soul.

Camus asked - suicide or coffee? And you have decided for both.

I recognize that coffee doesn’t sound all that bad. Perhaps a light snack.

I’m at the Starbucks Reserve in Downtown. I’ve not much money left, but I’ll hop in line really quick.

Got some tea and some chips.

Anyway.

What if life doesn’t equal existence?

If you want to end your life - what if you simply ended your way of living? Your where of living? Your why of living?

What if suicide was simply the death of the identity - and the rebirth of a new person in the same body?

Align thyself with a larger goal. Interest thyself in new pursuits. Change thine language and thine scenery. Rebuild thyself anew.

Should I decide to go - it will be obtained via shotgun to the head. In advance, prepare a living and a regular will. Prepare your room to be sanitized of mess and memory, as it will likely be left untouched for awhile. Try to do a few world-positive things before you head out. Volunteer, write a book, help someone. Make your mark before you make your exit.

Thoughts?