Life feels so overwhelming...Hello 

I don't even know where to start, but right now, things are really bad - or feel really bad at least. I'm aware that a lot of it has to do with how I experience it and I think this might make it worse. 

Right now, I have a week off annual leave that I've been looking forward to for months. But now we're in full lockdown again and even though I don't want to go outside (thanks to OCD), it just frustrates me that I don't really have too many options - no cinema, no restaurant visits... I understand it's necessary, but it's still hard. 

I have no family or friends nearby either. Just housemates that I don't get along with very well. Or rather, that I don't really want to talk to as that would drag me down even more.

I have a therapist, but I feel that the quality of therapy just gets worse and worse, we don't really resolve anything, we just chat. Which is nice, in a way, but it doesn't really help in the long run. She told me to contact her whenever I need to get something off my chest, but she doesn't really reply to it anymore, which kind of defies the purpose. 
I know that most therapists probably wouldn't be available 24/7, and that's understandable - but I do miss those replies she used to send, a short text or voice message, sometimes giving advice or even just to acknowledge it. 

She pretty much is the only person I can talk to. My family would just tell me to get my stuff together. 

I do have a best friend, but she seems very distant recently too. Maybe it's the situation as a whole, maybe some external factor, maybe I'm just such a pain? I can't even ask that as I'd be worried she would just sugarcoat  the answer (Or start to feel annoyed if I keep asking why she's so distant/if she still wants to go on holidays once it's safe to do so).

I think the only reason I'm still here is that I know deep inside that I mean... at least something to some people. Probably not as much as I wish I would, but that's something I only have so much control over. I try my best, but I can't tell what other people are thinking. 
(Well. And because I just got that off my chest)

Alright. Thank you for reading!
If you have any advice or just some encouraging words, feel free to reply.

Have a lovely day!