I just need to let this all out. In a dark place right now.Trigger warning: childhood sexual abuse

29, F. So here it goes.

In my childhood, I was sexually abused and molested by my uncle and grandpa. The first time, by my uncle, I was probably 5-6 years old. I can still remember how I was made to lie down, touched and made to do a lot of things that by that time, I was too young and innocent to understand. I still can remember how my genitalia was in pain and had this burning sensation. I never talked to anyone about this, not even my mom, because at that age, I still didn't understand that it was abuse. Besides, my uncle said we were just "playing". 

The second and other times, when I was 10 years old, by my grandpa, who sneakily made a way for us to be alone in his room whenever we visited him. I would be made to sit in a chair, then from my back, his hands would grab my breasts, fondle and play with them, touch my sensitive parts with his hands. I couldn't do anything, it was like I was frozen. I couldn't even shout for help. He sounded too pleased with me too, saying I was really "kind" just like my cousin who lived far away.       

I made sense of what they did to me when we studied the reproductive system in school, and I was already 11-12 years old by then. By then, I thought it was already too late to even tell anyone... So I kept these all to myself. It made me isolate myself because somehow I was afraid of being with older men.

These are the demons, the maniacs in my head. Both of them have passed away many years ago, and while I try to convince myself that I've forgiven them, those memories are just too painful to be forgotten. Especially after taking up psychology in college, when these once repressed memories were brought into the surface. For so many times I wanted to die. I wished I could kill myself as easily. I'd have nightmares and flashbacks about these and the desire to die would grow even stronger.

I never had the courage or strength to talk about these instances of abuse with anyone. Not with my mother. Especially not my ex, who probably did not understand why I would suddenly cry at times these memories were triggered. 

Only last year, when I let myself be completely vulnerable and open to the woman I love. I told her all about these because for a long time, these skeletons in my closet gradually destroyed my soul. These secrets made me feel dirty, unwanted, worthless. But when I told her about these it felt like I was no longer alone, that I can still be loved for who I am. After opening up, I felt a lot happier and freer. It's like finally, I can be the real me. She was my best friend and I was truly in love with her. 

But then she broke up with me last month. Told me she could no longer accept me for my past, which meant me being in a relationship with a man. It felt so disheartening because I never opened up deep wounds about my past only to be judged for who I am. She'd never understood my reasons for keeping my previous relationship. I dated a man in an attempt to deny my sexuality and repress traumatic memories. She thought I enjoyed sex with him but she never knew how in the past, it was painful for me and that I did it only a few times just to try to forget or erase painful memories away. Only that they never went away and only became more vivid as the years went on... She'll never comprehend that when I made love with her, I only had to be myself and no longer had to pretend or imagine anything. That she helped heal those wounds I have tried so long to hide.

In the past, when I have never told anyone about this, it felt like wearing a mask that was acceptable to all. I was the perfect daughter, a school achiever, who had a promising career ahead of her. It always felt like I was only loved and accepted because of the good things they could see about me. 

And I thought opening up everything to the woman I believed was THE ONE, I would finally be loved for who I am... Regardless of what I experienced in the past, or the stupid mistakes I did. Only to be left alone again, because she told me she'll never be able to accept me because of my past. And those words will keep repeating in my head, probably until I'm dead.  

Please help me! I have never felt so alone. I want for all of this pain to end... I don't wanna feel miserable anymore.