On the verge of dropping out at 16. I've tried everything but I just don't think I can make it.I already dropped out of regular schooling because of anxiety and depression.  I stopped going and feel behind. I started independent study thinking I could work double and catch up but I couldn't keep myself motivated and I stopped showing up. I'm going to get kicked out.  Nothing people say or suggest makes me feel better or hopeful, just worse and all I think is that some people just don't make it in life and I must be one of those people. I can't do it.  I'm not built for this world, if that makes sense. I don't even want to get back on track, really. I don't care anymore. I just want to die. Being alive just reminds me that I'm not worthwhile. All my friends are gone.  I've made efforts to hang out with them and they've reached out to me, but I feel like they can tell I've changed and it's not the same anymore. So we're drifting apart.  I've seen therapists starting from when I was six for my family situation but a few years ago it became more about my mental health and even that stopped helping.  It used to make me feel understood and hopeful but now I just don't care. Like my brain doesn't even want to try.  I feel like I'm letting my dad down and he's the only one in my life I've ever had a close relationship with. Like he lost hope for me to. If I die, the people that it would probably effect are my friends, but they don't really know me, my mom and stepmom, but they were horrible to me and that's their fault if they feel guilty, and my dad, but he would still be fulfilled with the rest of his big happy successful family.  I don't want to do anything anymore. Not even play guitar or write and those were my "passions" I guess, or the closest things I could call passions. I just feel sad looking back at how there probably was hope, or it seemed like there was.  I used to be smart, posititve, and lively.  I always had anxiety but I was able to jump the hurdles.  Now, I just feel dumb, like a waste.  Never been in a relationship, kissed, to a party,  drank, smoke (almost). People say that's okay for a girl, but I'm not really the sweet, goody-goody, loveable girl either. The most exciting thing I do is hit punk clubs in the city every few months. It's the only time where I feel like I'm actually having fun but those moments don't last forever.  I have to go home, wake up the next day, and live life. What's worse is I know I don't even have a super horrible life. Just a bunch of problems that I can't fix fast enough. Why can't I manage them like everyone else? I can't imagine myself with any future, like I know there's nothing that I can do. I took the CHSPE (highschool equivalency exam) and passed but what do I do? Go to college? I couldn't survive highscool OR Independent Study. There's just no way. Become a prostitute? I'd personally really rather just die. The more I think about jobs that don't require a degree, the more I think it doesn't matter. Whatever the job, I wouldn't be able to do it. Whatever the job, I wouldn't be happy.  If I were to be babied forever I wouldn't be happy. If I struck rich and never had to work ever and get to live on my own I wouldn't be happy.  It doesn't matter. Nothing matters. I found some old archived post where this guy was in the exact same position, except he'd already dropped out. He's been inactive for three years so I can't ask how he turned out, and I feel like I can already guess he's still far from being happy.

This was really long so I apologize for wasting anyone's time. I don't know why I feel like posting this.  I guess I just need confirmation.  I bet I'll get one old creep on here just because I'm a girl. In advance, I'm not looking for any offers.