lost..and want to end my life2 klonopins in + a boatload of alcohol Bc who the fuck cares right?? I feel alone and misunderstood, like I simply exist to keep everyone else's life in the status quo..meaning if I'm alive they don't have much to think about but if I were to end my life it would cause so much pain and chaos and that knowledge is the only thing preventing me from following through on my desire to leave this earth. My husband suffers from anxiety; I've asked him time and again to let me know when he's in the throes of it so I can either give him some space or offer tlc. He refuses to communicate that ONE simple statement and instead lashes into me telling me I'm annoying etc. Last night we had (what I thought was) a small tiff. I told him we need to put limitations on how much $ we keep giving his family bc we need to seriously start saving for our own (no kids yet). We've already given his sister $500 this month and when I say I'd like to take a vacation he tells me with what money. I have no problemas looking out for our family but boundaries have to be put in place. Instead of engaging in a rational discussion he hit below the belt telling me I spent $100 on a hair cut/waxing when I literally just put $1K to savings. And also I'm not fucking asking for a handout it's called money management and I do a damn good job of it with excellent credit. It was a low blow. Then he proceeds to tell me he can't stand me and when I asked to discuss things when he felt calmer he said NO and if I kept asking he'd get mean. All of today he's ignored me, treating me like I'm nothing seeing I'm hurt and completely dismissing it. He has blown the entire thing out of proportion to where a discussion about money has turned into a discussion of all my faults. I'm not perfect by any means but when I've made mistakes or hurt him I immediately acknowledge my wrongdoings and I DO NOT repeat them, since I firmly believe a sincere apology is reflected through action not words. I feel utterly lost and hurt and this is bringing up a lot of past pain (separate of him). I don't want to live like this anymore. I feel lost angry confused and I honestly want to disappear. No one gives a fuck about me not even him. I just exist to appease or enable ppl to live in their deluded bubbles always blind to someone else's truth. Please help me. I'm desperate for understanding or advice, even if it's in disagreement with me but honest.