I don't know how to carry on right nowIm 29, living in the UK.

A small background of my health conditions, just to give some context:
- bipolar disorder type 2
- severe anxiety
- obsessive compulsive disorder (which I'll explain a little)
- emotionally unstable personality disorder
- hyper mobility syndrome
- ADHD (attention deficit hyperactivity disorder)

My diagnoses mean that I really don't and cannot function normally. I did for so long, forcing everything into a bulging box, taping it shut and hiding it under the bed. 

Then I got made redundant from a job that I enjoyed and was good at. Very good at. It was a call centre admittedly, but I really enjoyed it. I made some brilliant friends, including someone that ended up being my best man and I really do consider him a very good friend. Through him, I have met other friends, plus someone who understands the shit that I am going through.

I ended up having to take a job that sucked. A lot. It was the beginning of the opening of that box. It was slowly being pulled out from under the bed. I was treated like shit. I had no sick pay, so when I needed the time off when I was having a bad MH day, I was financially fucked. I was working full time, looking after my wife and we struggled a lot. Not as bad as some, but my god it was hard. The job was complicated and my MH (which we later worked out was my ADHD) just compounded matters greatly.

I ended up getting another job! HUZZAH! It was in insurance which is something that I had done at my old job. Private office. Nice little family run business. Annnnnnnnnnnd that's where we hit the snag. I wasn't very good. I wasn't expecting myself to hit the floor running, but I hit the floor. Hard. 

I wasn't worried though, I thought that I would be at least given training. Which I really wasn't. In anyway. But, I soldiered on for four days, getting up a lot earlier than I normally would have, mental health be damned. The pay was so much better, no shift work and I could get a bus all the way home, meaning that no busy town, no social interactions, just iPod and a quiet journey home. 

Then, four days in, the recruitment agency that contacted me initially called. I was on the bus, leaving town as I had to collect a parcel from one of those amazon thingies, as I live in a flat and my wife's mobility isn't great, and this was a iPhone, so I wanted a secure place for it to go. I updated my facebook status "New job, new me, new beginnings. Let's do this and let's get life back to what it should be! - feeling positive."

I got on the bus and my phone rang. It was the recruiter and they had some concerns about my working there. The owner wasn't happy that I was asking questions and that I wasn't as good as they expected. Don't bother going back. My heart stopped, and I just didn't know what to do. I started to cry, but realised as a grown man, I had to hold it together on the bus. I started to catastrophise, terrified I was going to lose my house, my bills weren't going to get paid etc etc. Then there was my wife?! What was I supposed to do?

I got home and tried to be pragmatic, I applied for disability, I couldn't cope with the prospect of looking for a job in anyway as I knew the box had been ripped open and all manners of hell had been unleashed. Pandora had walked off with the proverbial butterfly that signified hope. She had walked off, crushing it in her palm. 

Disability came through and I was ok for a little bit, I ended up in hospital after an attempt, but I was getting better, day by day. I applied for college, am doing ok ish on my course. 

I subsequently got diagnosed with ADHD, and HMS shortly after, and I am struggling, but I am finding that some days I am falling under the water and cannot cope. I am inflicting a lot of this on my wife, being verbally abusive and quite frankly a total c*nt. 

I have been physically abusive to her in the past which I am in NO WAY proud of. If I had my way before, I would not be posting this and someone would have been scraping my remains off the ground floor of a 18 story drop. 

This brings us to now. (sorry if it seems a little patchy, I just wanted to give a little context). My OCD is at the point where I cannot stand waking up, I struggle with even little things not working, just the slightest imperfection in something and it must be rectified there and then. It also has left me having to constantly check that I have everything. Many times. It leads to me being late for things and panicking like a bitch when I cannot find something. My memory tends to feed the compulsions. I skin pick, I cut at spots, scars, anything that I deem unnecessary. 

This was made very apparent to the disability assessor, when I tried to explain things and just couldn't. I was left in such a state after that assessment meeting. I am so grateful for the person I saw for being so caring and understanding. 

I have found that very little keeps me going at the moment. I am trying so hard, but cannot cope. My HMS leads me to sometimes needing a walking stick. It's embarrassing. I want to end everything and just make this constant sensation of failure and hell end. 

I have a wife. I have an aunt with two little boys that think the world of me. I have two best friends again with little ones that do the same. I cannot forgive myself for thinking like this. But equally I cannot cope with the way my brain is working. 

I don't know what the future will hold.

I don't know what to do beyond hiding in my room with my laptop and my iPod trying to simulatenously distract myself from myself and hide myself from everything else.

Thanks for reading if you got this far, just writing this down has helped me a teeny tiny bit.