Is he abusive? I feel stuck and confused...I don't know how to feel. If you read my past post's, you will see that I almost attempted by chemicals not that long ago. But I couldn't do it. 

Since then I have taken more time for me. I'm trying to figure out what I want and where I want to go. I started a new treatment and it really seems to have helped. And I almost don't believe it. I feel like part of me is waiting for it to fail. For me to crash again.

But I'm holding on to some form of hope. 

So I've tried to just live. Look towards the future and all that shit. I started losing weight and getting into old hobbies I gave up on. 

But in the process, I have come to realize that my husband, who I love more than this world is rude and distant and controlling to some extent. He will argue with me about going out with friends or family until I pretty much give up and say never mind. And I almost always end up not going. And if I do go he tells me how I should have stayed home with the kids or I didn't need to spend the money etc. And it could be as little as $8 at McDonald's. 

He dismisses what I say all the time. And if I even touch my phone he asks what I'm doing, who I'm talking to, etc. 

I just don't know how to feel now or what to do. He isn't physically abusive. And he has never put hands on our kids. 

He just says and does things that dismiss us or make us feel bad. Today my son said ,"I like when your home. Dad is rude and yells a lot and doesn't let us do fun things like play in the car when it's parked. He always tells us to be quiet. Your the best!" And he gave me a hug and ran off. That's when it really hit that if I left.  If I committed suicide.. what would I be leaving my kids behind in? 

My husband has great moments. He can be very caring and loving. I just feel like he is selfish and cares more about doing stuff with us when it is convenient and some how does something for him. 

Anyways... Idk.. just venting... 

I still want to die. I still want to commit suicide. But I think I will hold off till my kids are older.. adults maybe? So that they are okay and not reliant on him...