My body is a lie and I can't keep living it. I'm sorry.Sorry I just need to get this off my chest. Sorry for posting. Just need to unload on a place where nobody knows me.

I know I sound crazy but hear me out. I'm a trans guy who will be 22 this may. I'm depressed, have a shit ton of anxiety and just recently got diagnosed with body dysphoria. I was born as a baby girl and yet I can't identify with it. I recently got put on testosterone and hormone blockers to stop my body from producing estrogen.

However it hasn't made any big changes which I understand. That stuff takes time. But until then I'm stuck looking like this lie that I tell everyone around me. To random people who pass me by, they see a girl. To my gay best friend, I'm a girl (I'm not mad that he doesn't like me...just wish my biology didn't work against me). To my grandfather who I live with (thanks to everyone in my family urging me not to tell him) I'm a girl. To my mother who still doesn't want to see her beautiful, thin, blond daughter who was everything she never was (her words, not mine) I'm still a girl. And I hate it. Typing this makes me feel sick to my stomach and angry.

I...can't do this anymore. I look at myself and see a person who I can't continue to care about or identify with. I hate it more than I've hated anything else. I was always told that the worst thing I could do is lie. But living like this is just another lie that I can't wait to unbubble. I can't keep dealing with people seeing this false image of myself. Can't stand to see this image of myself. Can't stand to look myself in the eyes. I'm writing my goodbyes tonight. I just...I can't say goodbye in person.

I've had a lot of time to think about this. I got sick with the flu this week and was bedridden and by myself a lot. I used to date someone who feels like my opposite. Back then, she was just coming to terms with being trans and I supported her. I'll admit it, I was jealous. I was jealous when I saw her smile when I did her makeup and hair. When she looked better in my clothes than I did I felt envy. That comfort she was able to see. She was able to see herself as a woman.

I want that. Hard as I try to find anything that makes me look boyish, feminine attributes keep showing up. I can't hide my chest (even with binding) and my mother is utterly against me getting a haircut that is "too short". Why the hell can't I just do it regardless? I don't know why it's easier for me to come to terms with dying than getting her disapproval.

Not to mention that in a couple of months I lose my medical plan so all of my meds are no longer going to be covered. There's no way I'll be able to afford everything. The antidepressants,  the anti anxiety meds, the asthma meds, and then the hormone stuff...especially with no job, I won't be able to afford it. And if I went on disability, I'd just disappoint my mother again. She's very vocal about how she wants me to get a steady job and go to post secondary. She's terrified I'll get disability. According to her, I'm not that bad off. The depression and anxiety isn't that bad. I should be able to keep a job...it shouldn't be an issue...

Well at least this way, she can still have me buried with my legal female name. Might even be buried in a dress since I don't have a suit. Guess she'll still have that girl image she clings to. At least she'll be happy with the way she remembers me.

Tldr: trans guy who can't be patient with the time it takes to transition. Can't stand the way his body looks and screams female and would rather die than continue lying by living.