I thought I was better, but I'm not.I recently graduated college and was discharged from DBT therapy after successfully completing about 6 months of treatment. I am officially "cured" of borderline personality disorder, and my depression had decreased to "mild." 

However, I recently (about a month ago) started a new job at a winery, just planning on making some money while I prepare for law school, because I'm taking a year off. I thought I was doing better, but every day when I get up to go to work I hope to god that on my 45 minute commute i'll get head on by another car and either die or end up in the hospital where I don't have to deal with angry clients anymore. I have two bosses, and theyre like jekyll and hyde, if hyde were just incredibly passive-aggressive. I'm so angry because my complaints about my job are so petty but I've been shaking (like, trembling from fear and stress) at work and having multiple panic attacks a day. I take klonopin for anxiety but it's stopped working, since I'm literally always anxious. my mood stabilizer isn't helping either. I'm supposed to talk to my psychiatrist today or tomorrow, but honestly all I want to do is die painlessly, quickly, and get out of everyone's hair. The only reason I didn't do that a very long time ago is that there's never been a right time. I want to have everything in order before I do it and i don't want to hurt my loved ones, but this is unbearable. I can't even complain about my job because people  just say "everyone has terrible bosses" and like, ok, maybe they do, but i feel like all the progress i made in therapy is gone and i'm living in this weird, fake, constructed world that my work tries to create for our clients. everything is contradictory and it's too much. I can't do this anymore. I'm leaving for a week after tuesday so i guess i will ahve a little space but I don't even know if I want to give two weeks' notice since I'm scared I'm going to start hurting myself again if I stay.

Also when I had a medication mishap I had a mental breakdown in front of my boss and my coworkers and i've been embarrassed ever since. I never want to show weakness but there's nowhere I can go to cry in peace on my breaks. I never want to go back. I never want to leave my bed. I want to [redacted because i just read the rules]