I used to think I was being followed by a vicious storm. Now I realize that I am the storm.An ever growing, vicious storm of hatred and lies. The kind of storm that breaks downs levees, drowns friendships. The kind of storm that leaves the bloated corpses of trust to rot openly in its murky wake. 

I've told lies that I can't untell. Lies I've told so much that I believe them too. I've done things so horrible that I can't say them aloud to myself, to anyone. I don't know how to get better, I don't know if I can. I just blame one thing after the next, meanwhile continuing to hurt everyone around me.

I constantly have to start my life over from scratch because of it. New city, new job, new friends. But never a really new start. Things always unravel, no matter what I do to avoid it. Because the problem is me. And no matter where I go I can't get rid of me. 

And to make things worse, I just suck people in. I tell them how much I'm hurting and then when they reach out to help me, I hurt them. I find some way to ruin everything. Sometimes without even knowing how, or realizing I had done it until after. 

Just like my ex-girlfriend. I didn't know at the time that I had done it. But I pushed her. I pushed and pushed and pushed her for us to be together, because I needed her security when my life was falling apart (due to my own self imposed destruction). I put up a front as if I didn't want it to happen, that I was hurt that she left the girl she was with, that I didn't agree with what I was doing. But I did it anyway, and I realize now it was because I wanted her to be my escape. And up until our relationship became a prison, it was.

That's just how it works. I need people or I think I need them, but really I just want to destroy them. To make them angry. To be right all the time. To fight. To be a victim. Every time I've reached out to someone it's because I've wanted them to hear that I was hurt, that I was a victim, not because I actually wanted help. I've refused help. I didn't want help, I wanted to be saved, to escape. 

But it doesn't work like that. Nothing does. 

I tell myself, as I get older, I can get better at this. I'll be more passive. It never works. It's gotten worse. Each subsequent falling apart has been worse, and it will continue to get worse. I've been this way since I was a child. Since I left my family. I don't have a single person in the world, because I've burned every single bridge possible for me to burn. And I've made up excuses, sad stories, but really, the problem is just me. Me, the storm.

I don't want to be me anymore. I want to be someone who is capable of having healthy, loving relationships. I want to be someone who can live together without living codependently. I want to be someone who doesn't see shadows following them, who isn't delusional, who doesn't lie, who is afraid all the time, who people can genuinely love, someone who does good things, someone people want. Someone I want. 

I don't want to fight with my friends anymore. I don't want to fight with my coworkers anymore. I don't want to break up anymore. I don't want to argue with my roommates anymore. I want to just be gone. To be erased, because everything is better for everyone when I'm not around. I've always known that. I knew that when I was a kid and I know that now. It's never changed. 

I'm so tired of being me. 