My name is Adam, i will try to explain why i want to dieSo i am 24 and very messed up emotionally, mentally, the first time i felt really depressed or suicidal would be in middle/high school. I was an annoying child unable to hold onto friends i drove people away with my annoying personality, i fully accept that it was my fault that i didnt have friends, but i felt lonely. I always had my dog though her name was Lady, and she was awesome she kept me going because i knew i had a friend of some kind to come home to after a shitty day at school, that and my friends on World of Warcraft, they were the only friends i really had.
I was very suicidal threw out all of high school I was very unpopular I had no friends at all I literally went to school avoided kids at every opportunity to avoid bullying but the worst part is I was unpopular but I wasn't smart either it seems like most kids in my situation at least had good grades and a bright future to look forward to but I was dumb and unpopular, I kept going because I thought one day it might get better
One of the worst things that was a major mistake was i got a dog of my own, her name was Ari she is a German Shepherd and i had her for 1 year, i got her well living with my mom, my mother sold her house and i had to find a new place to stay, i had a place with Ari for a while but i got layed off (as every decent job i have ever got) and i couldnt afford the place i was renting anymore, i ended up having to move back in with my mother, for the 4th or 5th time... and the town house my mother was renting didnt allow dogs, so i had to do the hardest thing of my life and give my dog away, it has been over 16 months since i gave her away and i still think about her everyday, she was the only real friend i had. I loved her and now i am more alone then ever.
Sadly i have started to even lose those World of Warcraft friends, they grew up have families now, relationships and dont have time for silly video games anymore, so loneliness is deffinitly one of the major contributers to me being suicidal.
I would say the biggest contributer to me wanting to die is the fact that i feel like i will never accomplish anything of note in my life, i have no self confidence to speak of what so ever, and i have always been horrible at any kind of academics, i cannot study or write tests, when i try to study i take in words for about 1-2 pages or 5-10 minutes and then it turns to a blur and i take in nothing.
It took my 5 tries to pass my drivers test and people tell me "thats great see you persisted and you did it!"
and thats great but anything important in life costs alot of money, i cant afford to take a university course and fail it 4 times hoping one of these times i will pass, basically the only thing i have going for me in life is i am not in crippling debt.
I wish i could get out of my Mothers house, i know she is sick of me still being here, she talks all the time about how she should get a minute to herself and all that, and i agree i am pathetic to still be here i want out so bad but i am a fucking mess of a human being, i want this existence over i want it to fade to black because that seems so much better then being a sad faliure every day.