Never felt this way beforeI've found myself extremely unhappy with where I am in life, and as cliché as it is to say, extraordinarily alone. I'm a 20 year old guy, joined the Army last year, and was generally happy with my decision to do so. I knew what to expect. However, about two months ago I started having feelings of what I assume is depression, but I've never felt it before. I started eating less, going out less, and my workout life dropped dramatically. I miss home, not even the people as much as simply where I am from. My sleeping has been greatly affected as well, I can't seem to sleep through the night, I don't have nightmares but continuously wake up as if I've been surprised by something. I tried sleep aids for that but they only seemed to help marginally. I never thought of self harm before, I don't even want to now. But I have the thoughts, some kind of urge that's been growing. That's the hardest part, that I don't want the the urges, but they are there. I'm extremely hesitant to talk to people in my life about this, I don't know what they're reactions would be and frankly I don't want to know. I'm honestly embarrassed. People know me as the motivated, accomplished, and happy guy that I've always been. Talking to the support established here for help is even further from what I would do. There have been two suicides here recently so it's being taken more seriously than ever. I'm afraid of damaging my career, and my reputation. I don't even know if people would believe me. I don't want to feel like this, and I have no clue what to do. I hate having regret in my life but every day I go over the life changing decisions I have made and question them. I hate where I am in life, and I hate that I feel this way about myself. I know that self harm is no solution, but than why do I have the urge. I thought this would go away with time, but it seems like it's only become that much more prominent.

Thanks for reading this if you did. If anything it's been an outlet of some sort.