Not suicidal, but lacking a reason to liveI'm a 20 year old male gay nerd in college right now. Working on getting a major for Criminal Justice. I have only had 1 serious relationship (including friendship) in my whole life. I had a wonderful year and a half of dating and friendship. We broke up like 9 months ago and now he's dating a new bf. I have tried dating, but every guy I meet just reminds me of what I lost. They say that there are plenty of fish in the sea, but we all know it isn't easy for all of us to find love again. My ex brought so much joy into my life and made me optimistic about the future. We agreed to still be friends, but It is so painful to see how I am treated now that we are no longer dating. He is uncomfortable with any physical contact I make with him. There is an invisible wall between us. Every step I take towards him, he moves away. He is my closest friend ever and I'm nothing more than just "people" to him now. After 2 years of being so close (I made mistakes, but I was still a good and loyal bf/friend), I ended up even worse than I was before. I can't help but feel like a monster every time he backs away from me. I know I can't expect someone to like me, but losing that relationship was very disheartening. The enthusiasm and optimism I had for the future is gone now. I'm not seriously considering suicide, but there isn't a day that comes by that I don't think about it. Every time I look at myself and look at how others see me, all I can notice is the constant failures and disappointments I have caused.

As for my future, the only thing I have planned is to graduate college, enter law enforcement, and do my parents proud by being a cop or something. Besides making my parents proud, I have no other feasible goals in my future. I want to be a community-oriented police officer. Do some good and be a positive influence in our society. But each day, I feel myself getting more negative and pessimistic. I think less about helping others and more about counting down the days till I die in the line of duty. I'm not looking to get myself killed or for some glory/fame, but I often fantasize about how I can die honorably so that people will remember me for being good. Instead of being a loser. 

I have disappointed my family, my friends, and myself all throughout my life. I'm not looking to end my life early, but I am not thinking about my future. I'm just going through the motions, waiting for the day I can fade away with little consequences. I have such little self-respect or respect from others. I always feel like I'm being in the background of every party, social event, or moment in my life. When I was dating I felt special, felt that somebody (besides my parents) truly cared about me. Now I feel alone, just an ordinary insignificant person. In these past 9 months, nothing has changed and I do believe that nothing will change. Although I won't kill myself, my only future goals have nothing to do with staying alive. 

I sometimes wish I just faded away (ala It's A Wonderful Life). I know I have done some good, but I honestly believe that I have too little an impact that any of my friends would notice. I haven''t given up on life, but I have given up on having a happy one.
