I used to be a very happy person but now i am so changed... there is nothing good happening in my life for a very long time.. i try to fix things but nothing changes..my friends know that i have changed and even i miss myself.. i want to be happy but now i am just tired of pretending...And telling people that i am okay. I feel no one cares or maybe someone does care but it doesn’t change things in my life.I used to be very positive and I always tried to see the bright side of everything but now i just feel that i am not good enough for any thing. I feel suicidal daily but i know my family will suffer so i don’t commit suicide but i so want to die.
I chased my dreams but i failed and now i am left with no options. I wanted to become something good but nothing worked. I was very ambitious about my career but now i just want to settle for a small job so that i can help my family. I never compared my life with anyone but now i feel that i don’t deserve anything and now i feel that people are doing so good, things worked for them but not for me. I am a very sensitive person i can never think to hurt anyone coz i know if someone does anything wrong to me i will feel really bad though i won’t show that but inside me i know how i feel and i always try to help those who are hurt. 2 years ago i met a girl and we became very good friends and her bf cheated on her..i felt really bad for her and i thought that how can someone do this to a person like her. I started having feelings for her and later we were in a relationship. She was the first love of my life i did my best and tried to do everything to make her happy and anything that anyone would do for their one true and first love and i wanted nothing in return. She was my life. I never shared anything with anyone but i told her everything and i thought that she knew me the best and she would never hurt me but i came to know that she was cheating on me whole time for 1.5 years. I still don’t know why she did this to me. Somewhere she put the blame on me that I wasn’t good enough. And now she don’t care about me And she knew that i won’t be able to love anyone else. I don’t know how reddit works. who can see this post or anyone will reply to this. But i just need help .. i feel low all the time or sometimes just numb so i try to cut myself to just feel alive. I cared about my health and body but now i don’t have anything else than an unhappy soul with scars on all over my hand..  I just want things to end. I hate living. I love my family but sometimes i wish that i didn’t have a family so that i could kill myself.