I really hate myselfA bit of background, I'm a sex addict who has been going to therapy for a few months now. I've had a sex addiction problem for about 12 years now, but it became so intense over the past 2 years that it lead me to have an affair and cheat on my wife. My wife knows about the affair, has stayed with me, and is attending therapy with me. I am not worthy of such love. I dishonored her by being unfaithful to her. My addiction centers around a hair salon/spa fetish in addition to past instances of homosexual activity and fantasy, along with transgender fantasy. I identify as a straight male, I love my wife, but I shame her by having those thoughts. I feel the hurt others have as someone who has privilege, but feel as if me being gone from this earth would help ease the minds of people of color, women and LGBTQ as one less straight white male that perpetuates the patriarchy. Maybe it would be good if I was rounded up and executed simply for being what I am. That is truly what I deserve.

I don't blame religion, if anything, its kept me going these past few years. I know what Christians and the church say, and I'm grateful for their love, but somehow, I know I deserve death deep down for all I've done and am. Even if having those thoughts aren't a sin, there is enough that I've done that would make me unworthy in the sight of a holy, perfect God.

I view myself as a worthless employee at work. I work in information security, but know far less than anyone on my team, let alone my department. I hate myself for not being as good as the people around me. I am stagnant in my career, and think of myself as a lazy son of a bitch who deserves nothing more than to be homeless and on the street.

My only solace is to drink and masturbate, to numb myself to my pain. Sometimes I wish I would just drink myself to death.

Even if family and friends had an initial shock of me being gone, it would be temporary and all would move on. Where have I gone wrong in all this? My wife and my family all deserve a better person such as I. The world would be better off with one less straight,white male, so it gives other people a chance to make something of themselves.
