I don't know how much longer I can go, but I hope my posting history will help someoneI'm that cliche trans story about being "a girl in a boy's body" as long as I can remember, as young as 4. At night I used to pray for god to let me "come back as a girl" in another life. While I was never explicit about it, as if I knew it wasn't normal, through little things I said or did I think my parents could tell there was something wrong with me, and so they always pushed me to anything more masculine. 

It didn't affected me much through my childhood. At a certain point I even forgot about this wish, and when asked why I was so shy I didn't even know the answer myself. It wasn't until I was 14 that I begun to make sense of these feelings, figuring out at that age that I was different and doomed for a life of suffering was overwhelming and it's not a time I like to remember. Ever since, 10 years later, my life has been a mess. I have had no friends since, I never participated in any normal activities teenagers or young adults do like hanging out with friends, partying, going to the movies by themselves. I was always the perfect child to my parents, I had great grades and never gave them any reason to complain, but during the time I needed them the most they failed me. Back then, had I started hormone therapy, maybe I would've had a chance at life. 

Despite all of this, I still went to college because my parents wanted it. I choose a course I love, but due to depression I never could enjoy it. It was an extension of high school for me, I was the weirdo who barely talked. I saw normal girls experimenting with their styles, having fun, getting coveted internships while I had to keep still in my cocoon. I was so miserable, I didn't bothered getting connections or doing the most on each assignment. Despite graduating, it all felt like a waste, another experience I could not live to the fullest because I was disgusted with myself, because I wasn't the girl I saw myself as. 

On the final year of college I still had hopes and dreams. I thought for sure my parents would appreciate my effort, and maybe they would help me transition, and maybe a year later I would be able to finally start living my life. I remember looking at the Royal College of Arts website, imagining continuing my studies there as a girl, being able to be myself for the first time. I would also look at this famous office in my area based in the same city, can you imagine how amazing it would be to intern there while I studied? I had online friends who studied abroad and lived exciting lives, I thought I could finally be like them.

I did everything my parents wanted. I behaved, I never gave them trouble, I had good grades, I was respectful. Then I went to college and graduated. And again, when I needed them the most they failed me. That magical year filled with transformations before a daring move abroad never happened. It's been almost 4 years now, and those years are a blur, I have not worked, studied or did anything since. I gave up and did absolutely nothing during them, because I know that my life is over. 

By now my body and face have been ruined by puberty, if I tried to transition now I would never look like a woman, it would ruin my relationship with my parents, if not outright kill them with sorrow and disgust, and it would be like having a target on my back. I don't want to be trans, I want to be a normal woman. I want to be myself, have my own style and preferences, to have friends, experience love, have a beautiful wedding, start a family with children of my own.  

The guilt and shame of the wasted past 4 years kill me everyday. My parents are so worried I will not be able to take care of myself when they pass. I really wanted to make them proud, I really fucking did and I tried to get them to help me achieve that, but they wouldn't hear me. My father found me a therapist almost two years ago, but that didn't helped. He even sent me to this woman who does some kind of regression therapy with massages, which unsurprisingly didn't helped (though the massage felt really good). He just needs to put on a show so he can say he tried everything.

Right now I feel frozen with fear, as each path I follow will only lead me and my family into tragedy and suffering. I can suck it up, get a shitty job and be independent while accepting I'll never get to be myself, I'll always be an alien at the sidelines and leading a depressing unfulfilling life, which in turn will make my parents miserable and would likely end with me killing myself. Or I can transition and as I described be a failure, ruin my family and my life and either killing myself or being a victim of violence. Or I can just kill myself now, which would also destroy my family. What would you do? 

The more I think about it, the more I realize I was doomed from the start. Even if I transitioned early I would still not be normal like other girls, dating would be difficult and I would never be able to have children, which was always my dream. Why does anyone has to be born like this? I just hope the last few years of my posting history won't be completely to waste. I hope they can help someone who's going through a similar situation and help them get help before it's too late.