utterly exhausted.hey. i'm actually in a pretty OK place as of writing this, which will probably allow me some better insight. knowing myself, though, i i expect to spiral back down into suicidal depression by the end of the night.

a little background info: i'm 19. graduated high school (barely) and went on to college last year, but i had to leave after only a semester because my anxiety and depression got so bad that i couldn't handle it on top of class, and also because i didn't have enough money to keep going (since i barely graduated high school, i got absolutely no scholarships). i moved in with a friend shortly after coming back home, but that lasted all of two and a half months before it got so irritating and dysfunctional that i ended up moving back in with my dad (needless to say i don't think we count as friends anymore). my dad has been emotionally abusive and manipulative for my entire life. still living here with him for the time being.

and now, onto the problem: i'm just completely worn out and i don't know how to keep going.

i've been struggling with mental illness for years now (health anxiety, OCD, depression) and have been hospitalized three times for being a suicide risk. first was when i was 16 (that hospitalization is still one of the worst experiences i've ever had), second last november, third... last month. only the second one was voluntary. i was hospitalized last month because i told a friend i was suicidal and basically the first thing she did was call the cops. nothing against her for doing that, she didn't know what to say or do. but it was still an incredibly stressful experience nonetheless, especially when i received a bill in the mail for the blood tests they did when i first came in the hospital. i ended up not having to pay it (i hope; i called the hospital and got referred to like three different departments and they were all equally confused), but it sure does drive home the idea that you're nothing but a liability when you have to pay hundreds of dollars for emergency care that you didn't ask for, nor need.

it has always been difficult for me to manage both my mental and physical health, but the difficulty's been compounded this year since i lost health insurance. i was on my state's medicaid program until they booted me off on january 1st; since i turned 19, am not pregnant, and don't have kids, i'm no longer eligible. i didn't have a job when i first lost my insurance, and ended up missing the open enrollment deadline. my dad does have health insurance available to him through his own job, but he gets his own health services through the VA, and has expressed multiple times that he is unwilling to pay for my health insurance (and i couldn't pay for it either; it's around $500 a month).

i did end up being referred by my GP to what is essentially a free healthcare program in my city (doctors in the program agree to donate care to people in need). however... i don't like my GP. she tends to brush off most of my health concerns (yes, i know i have health anxiety, but when i've been struggling with a symptom for weeks on end i feel like i should at least have SOMETHING done about it), doesn't do any diagnostic tests i ask for beyond taking blood, and isn't at all transparent about my health. i have to ask her for a physical copy of my test results if i want anything beyond a "nothing we need to address now," even when it turns out there are some values to be concerned about. i'm currently talking with the people who run the program to see if i can change doctors and stay in the program, but it looks unlikely. worst case scenario, i can go to sliding scale clinics in my city, but i've been told that the overall quality of care provided is pretty poor compared to regular clinics. it is very, very important to me that i keep my health in check, but it seems like for the rest of the year i'm just going to be stuck with sub-par healthcare no matter what. it's horrible for my anxiety. i can't stop entertaining thoughts of missing a potential early diagnosis for something horrible because either the doctor was incompetent or i couldn't see a doctor at all.

on top of my mental illness and other physical health concerns, i've recently developed an eating disorder. i know it's just an extension of my health anxiety; i originally started trying to eat healthy so i "wouldn't have to be worried about having a horrible condition" brought on by my diet. but my OCD and my constant need to google and seek reassurance that i really "know" something has lead me to eat an EXTREMELY restricted diet. like, to the point where i'm severely calorie deficient, and will probably do some significant damage to my organs if i keep this up. but here's the kicker... no one seems to believe me when i say i have an eating disorder, because i'm fat. i've actually lost about 60 pounds (i'm around 165 now) in the past six months (unhealthily), but most of the time people, including my own damn doctor, look at my sudden weight loss positively and don't see any issue with my current eating habits if it'll make me stop being fat. i know i could stand to lose another 20 or 30 pounds. but what i'm doing now is NOT sustainable. and it's been so hard trying to get the recognition and treatment that i need. extreme fatigue, lightheadedness to the point where i constantly feel like i'm going to pass out, worsening depression and anxiety, needing to quit my job because i don't have the energy to do physically demanding work anymore? oh no, definitely not a result of lack of calories or nutrient deficiency. i'm too fat to have to worry about that. at least according to my doctor.

i am starting to get some things underway in regards to seeing a therapist again. i managed to find a place in town that only charges about $10 an hour for low-income patients, and should be hearing back from them about scheduling my first appointment by tomorrow at the earliest. i feel good for having gotten this set up already. but i'm afraid that i'm just going to hear the same thing that i've heard from healthcare providers all these years: you need meds to function at all, you're not trying to help yourself at all, you choose to be like this, your problems are too intense for us to deal with. i actually had a therapist give up on me as a patient for that last reason.

it feels like i'm going nowhere. all my friends are in college right now, and i'm not. i can't even hold down a job right now (i'm considering quitting predominantly for health reasons, but still). everyone is living the best years of their lives, and here i am wasting away, locked in my bedroom all day with nothing but my anxiety and depression. i want to get out. i've been planning on moving away for months now, and saving up money, but i still have next to nothing (around $500). and now that i'll probably be out of a job and having to pay out of pocket for healthcare, a significant amount of that money will be gone soon. my dad tells me time and time again that i'm childish and i need to grow up, and i'm really believing it right now. it seems like i have no discipline at all. i'm crumbling under all the responsibilities of being an adult. 

i keep wondering, what's even the point? what's the point of trying to get better, or even just trying to survive? i've tried for years and gotten nowhere except rock bottom and in debt. i'm a burden on my family. a lot of my friends (including the one who called the cops on me) have just withdrawn from me because i'm too depressing to be around and they don't know how to help. i don't hold anything against them for that, but i'm still so goddamn lonely. i think my lonesomeness is a pretty huge factor in my suicidal tendencies. but besides that, as much as i want to get away and get help, i've got no energy, no time, and especially no money. it feels like i'm eternally stuck and that every waking moment i'm just wasting my time. many nights the only thing that has calmed me down enough to fall asleep is the thought that i could kill myself and all the stress and pain will instantly go away. i recognize how messed up that is. but i don't know what options i have left. i feel like i can't bear one more night in this house. or in this body, i guess.

**TL;DR: i'm depressed and anxious with OCD and an eating disorder, without health insurance and soon to be out of a job because of my health. seems like i've exhausted all my resources and that i'll never get to go where or do what i really want. thoughts of suicide are the only thing that really help me cope anymore.**

wow, i wrote WAY too much. this is looking more like a diary entry than a cry for help. thanks to anyone who bothered to read it all, and thanks in advance for any advice given. it really makes a huge difference to me.
