Everything is about sex, and I'm not having any.  It feels like such a petty reason, but I've contemplated suicide over it.I'm not sure how to start one of these, I'm a 19 year old male in college and I'm relatively asocial and sexually inexperienced (although I'm sure there are people worse off on both accounts).  My lack of sexual contact is ruining every aspect of my life, I doubt if I'll every be happy, and at my worst have fleeting thoughts of harming myself and others.  I am rarely able to get to sleep without crying and rarely attempt to sleep before 5 am, because I'll just cry for longer if I do.

I'm increasingly developing, or becoming aware of, how distorted a view I have of sex and women.  Some of my closest friends are women, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to keep those friendships because just thinking about them has began to make experience a mix of anger and sadness.  I don't hate women, but I fear that I someday might, seeing an attractive woman at this point makes me upset because I know I'll likely never sleep with her.

I have no idea how this problem might be resolved either, I've never been remotely sexual with a women who has known me for more than a day, my only experiences have come from drunken party hookups.  I fear going out and trying to meet people solely out of motivation to have sex, but to pretend it's for any other reason would be disingenuous.  Any sort of remotely formal dating scares me, I don't enjoy spending time with many people, and I've never had a good time hanging out with people for the first time.  I don't see any sort of date going anywhere without me pretending to enjoy it just to get into her pants (not to mention the fact that this probably wouldn't work).  Additionally I have a fear that I might lose it in the face of rejection, possibly breaking down and crying on spot or even worse becoming violent (even though I'm 99% sure I wouldn't, that 1% terrifies me).

On the short time frame this has virtually no chance of being resolved because I'm home for winter break and the chances of anything happening here are zero.  So for at least a month I need to cope with this on my own.  I don't think suicide is likely, but I guess I really just wanted to get this off my chest.