The Trumpeter’s ManifestoIt is my belief that everything in life is symbolic to life itself. Certain objects or events can be symbolic to ideas or past events. Just as art imitates life, the human mind gravitates to the idea life imitates life. Why? Because we don’t like change. As much as we are subject to the psychological torture of boredom, we love repetition. It’s not generational; it is enveloped within Homo sapiens since our conception as a species. Therefore, the concept of the seeking of change plus the desire for similarity makes us psychologically inept as a species. So why are we still alive?

We are endowed with the ability to shape our environment. We landscape, we kill, we create, we change. We create society, and society creates us. We self-destruct.

So, after the incredibly vague and conceited answers I have just made that account for the majority of every manifesto, it is time to answer the question I have made at the end of the first paragraph. Why are we still alive? Because we have the ability to ignore all of this. We have emotions. Of course, this varies from person to and person, but in general, we can ignore it. It’s a blessing to ignore it, to be so caught up in your emotions that you can ignore our psychological ineptitude for just a second. To be so caught up in social circles and the people around us that we can forget.

But for some of us, we can never forget. We can’t be around people for too long. They don’t like us, we’re too awkward, or we’re too afraid to be around them. We’re either too smart to ignore  the situation of life, or too stupid to try to focus on anything else.

Life is made up of events— made up by people. To the surface-level thinker, events are what make up our lives. They are what determine the quality of life. Indubitably, the child with no home that drinks dirty water from a stream in Sub-Saharan Africa has a tougher life than the child of a billionaire in a first-world country. I am not trying to dispute that at all. I have been given a very privileged life, living in two safe neighborhoods and being upper-middle class my entire life. I have been given two non-abusive parents, grandparents, and an uncle and aunt. I have a stable family structure and minimal family drama.

Why am I dead? Let’s start with my life.

Growing up, I lived in xxxxxxx, xxxxx. My speech was so delayed I was tested for autism and given a speech therapist. Prior to this, I spoke with bathtub letters I would stick on the side of the shower, spelling out words and phrases from the book Goodnight Moon, which I had memorized. The autism tests remained inconclusive, and I was instead found to possess high intelligence based on the IQ test that was given to me. Speech therapy helped, and when I began to speak I quickly began to speak in full phrases shortly after. Whether this speech delay was based off of my intelligence or the copious episodes of Baby Einstein I watched as a child, is only up to my parents to dispute. Throughout the early years of school I went to in xxxxxxx, I was seen as incredibly smart and was suggested to change schools to get in their gifted programs. Of course, before this could happen, I moved to xxxxxx, xxxxx.

As a perfectionist, my greatest fear is that of being average. My move to xxxxxx did not only create averageness, it exemplifies it. I moved, at first, into a hotel while we were still house hunting and adjusting to my dad’s job position. In this time I spent my days at a friend of my mom’s, who henceforth restricted all the things I was able to do, my creativity, ambition, quite possibly intelligence to a point where I would be ready for public school. Now that I think about it, it would’ve been the most fitting conditioning— had I allowed myself to have been conditioned. I kept my spark of xxxxxxx with me, which of course got me in loads of trouble with my mother’s friend. But I did break— in 1st grade.

At the time I entered 1st grade, I lived in an average apartment and went to a dull, average school— xxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx. This was not by means a terrible school, but showing up every day broke me. I couldn’t smile, I got into a debate about how dogs were not “things” with the rest of the class for an hour (and subsequently cried when the teacher told me to stop talking), and scribbled in my picture book I “published” are the words “I want to go back to xxxxxxx”. The thought horrifies me to this day, in spite of the fact I have lived in xxxxx xxxx for 9 years (at the time of writing), and lived in xxxxxxx for only 6.

So I broke, and broke, and broke throughout elementary school, middle school, and high school, being molded into an average kid with no creativity, no ambition, average grades, an average subset of friends and best friends, living with parents with average jobs who live in an average neighborhood driving two average sized cars. Average. I have become the very thing I hate, therefore the thought of identifying as “xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx” repulses me to the point where I want to cry. But I haven’t cried in years. I don’t look in mirrors very often, and I absolutely hate having pictures taken of me. It keeps me sane and away from the identity I hate.

It would be foolish of you or me to even think I can escape my own identity. Why? Because it is impossible. I cannot wake up one day and throw every aspect of my identity out of the window— my friends, family, grades, possessions, interests. I am not wrecked with a perverted sentimentality— I simply like my old one.

But my old identity has no niche on Earth. Nor does my new, shriveled out, average one, although I lie so that I can create a new one for others to see. And yet. And yet! I fail. My lies do not work on me at all— I may as well be the only one plagued with the great revelation of what I once was and what I turned into, and that secret consequently tears me apart inside until I am dead. And I hope to someday be dead, be as it may not at my time of writing, nor even its possible publication if things do not turn out as planned. But I am probably thinking too highly of myself.

Based on how highly I am thinking of myself at this moment, you may or may not be wondering— why is this called The Trumpeter’s Manifesto?

As I mentioned before, my core belief is that everything in life is symbolic to life itself. It would be a bore to continue on about my experience with the trumpet, so I will sum it up. I started out talented with the trumpet, until I got braces, my “handicap” that made me less talented until I lost all ambition to play. And now I am stuck in high school band, where I am in band 16 hours every Saturday, early and late on Friday, and until 8:00 2 times a week. As you can tell by my wording, I don’t want to talk about this. Why I don’t is up to you. But I started out with talent and ambition, and I’m now forced to play on account of being a talentless, ambitionless hap that was an empty shell of what it once was. I’m going to quit the trumpet next year.

I serve no niche as a trumpet, and I serve no niche as a human trumpet player to my old school or band. I am an empty shell. I have a girlfriend who I can’t even keep happy. She wants to kill herself and every time I speak it gets worse. I am a disappointment to everyone— my parents, my friends, my teachers, my significant other, even the people who pass me by on the street or in the line to order at a restaurant.

I serve no niche to the Earth as a whole. I have no ambition to gain entry within a higher institution, whether that be the college I go to or where I work. I just miraculously squeeze by at an above average rate, and I make everyone around me feel bad for trying when I succeed. And yet, despite this lack of ambition, I over analyze, in anxiety and paranoia, every possible word others or I say, every tonal shift, every hint of diction, every element of body language. When I try to act on my instincts, I just hurt everyone around me. By myself or by the things I’ve learned that make me who I am, I am nothing but a careless void, swallowing everything around it into a sea of misery it drowns in as it breathes. A hapless mistake that can’t be solved: Our mental health system in the USA is worthless, medication turns us into unaware contentment, and alternative treatment is strictly for those who believe it works.

What do I get from writing this aside from proof of suicide and a muddled, pretentious “explanation” of why I did it? To tell the truth, I’m not dead as I’m writing this. I only write in this letter when I’m upset. Like a sadistic egomaniac, I want to see the grief and sorrow in people’s faces. To make people think of what they could’ve done, when in reality, it was all me. That’s the problem I have with myself. I am the only one who perpetuates my sorrow— while others make me angry or upset, it is my core personality archetype that makes others upset with me. I don’t blame them! How shallow do you have to be where your grief can be solved with an “I love you” back a day later? I wouldn’t ever want to be friends with that person. And that’s the point. By fulfilling this egomania-fueled desire for death and closure, I am thereby stopping the perpetuation of my ego, sadism, and grief. I won’t be able to feel any satisfaction from people’s grief after I die, and I won’t be able to feel the guilt (and thereby sorrow from that guilt) that comes from that satisfaction. 

I’ll be stopped. I will take down the villain and save the day! I will end this manifesto once and for all! The dragon is dead! He’s dead! And everything is better now. His family and friends weep and mourn for his loss, but the dragon cheers!

He’s dead!

He’s dead!

He’s dead!

I hate the goddamn trumpet.