I always thought I was the harbinger of doom; however it turns out the only doom is brought onto myself.Sorry this will be long but I have been holding it in for a while. 

From the outside, people think I lead a great life. I have a decent job, married, and have an active social life. But deep down I am dying, really I am only just one opportunity from ending it all. 

I know I should be happy. I should be content. I am on my fourth job in the last 5 years. Two of which was I was laid off from, the last one was being led by a narcissist, and this one I am also not in a good place as I took a job because of the salary and not the work. But people think I am happy. They see oh you should have some really desirable skills that people really want. You must make good money, etc., etc. 

Sure I make a decent buck, but the more I go up, the harder it is to live. When I was younger, I always thought it was stupid of rich people to live paycheck to paycheck, until now I am doing just that. When you are a "senior director" you have to have a certain lifestyle. People expect it. You expect it. Your wife expect it. Then you spend all your energy living this life. Plus, to get to where I am, I had to take out a lot of student loans so I am paying 1.5K a month for my student loans. I am paying for a car. I am paying for a apartment, now we are buying a coop. This sounds selfish, but I feel like I live in a prison that I built. 

 I made the wrong marriage choice. I always thought I did the "right" thing by marrying my wife because we had been together for 8 years before marriage. I thought it was the proper thing to do. I thought I love her and she loves me. Turns out she just loves that I love her. She is also a successful career woman and she has been blaming me and my student loan and my family for not giving her the life that she demands. She says I am dragging her down and she is the one paying for us to be living in comfort. To be honest, she is right. 100k+ student loans, NYC rent, cars, my salary is all gone. You know the scene in movies when the wife calls a husband worthless and useless. That's it for the past few months. The sad thing is, one of the reasons why I can't bring myself to file for divorce is I don't know where I will live. Now we are buying an apartment together, I feel I am falling into this hole further and further. I don't want to be with her but I can't leave now. We haven't had sex in a long time. She does not try and I do not find her attractive sexually anymore. 

I do care about her. Otherwise I would have shot myself a long time ago but I don't want her to find my bloodied body. I also can't bear the thought of leaving my parents behind. I purposely bought extra life insurance coverage during my last insurance opt in period at my work. I need to find a way to not make it look like suicide but I am also a worthless and gutless piece of shit so I am too afraid to have a car accident in my car and end it all. I also don't want to go in front of a train or car, cause that is unfair to the drivers. Charcoal is the only option I can think of that is relatively painless and not be gruesome but I won't be able to leave my life insurance to my parents (and my wife, it's only fair) because of suicide clauses. You probably don't know the feeling, but everyday I am hoping for a drunk driver to just end it for me or one of those crazy subway hobos to just stab me. I actually constantly dream that I died fighting a terrorist (this is a recurring dream but with different scenarios. It's like my dreams are just repeats of a suicide mission TV series ) so I can at least go out with a shred of dignity and my family may be able to set up a go fund me account to get some money. So sad right. 

Anyways, charcoal is leading the scoreboard but wishing for an unexpected surprise. One more fight with my wife or one more setback in my life, I might as well be my own drunk driver. I lose a bit of the life insurance but I think most of it is payable. When you come off the Queens Boro Bridge into Queens, there is a bunch of columns holding the upper deck. You can come off the bridge doing about 55 straight into the central column, that should have a high success rate. I keep looking at that column when I drive by. Some day there will be a little bouquet there for me. 