I never wanted to post here, but I can't stop regretting not going through with suicide months ago.I don't even really know what to say or where to start.  I've been suffering from depression for a couple years now, pretty much throughout high school and now I'm a sophomore in college.  I never really decided to do anything about my depression until last summer mainly because I never really had suicidal thoughts.  I didn't have suicidal thoughts I just thought maybe antidepressants may help me out and help me to be a better person and maybe even have a healthier relationship with my girlfriend.  So I started the antidepressants at the beginning of July 2011.  Started off with Wellbutrin and later added Zoloft. Once I added the Zoloft I started to get worse depression along with my first ever suicidal thoughts. I dropped Zoloft and added Luvox before I could kill myself.  Luvox seemed to work fine for the first couple months, but then it almost seemed to turn on me.  I started getting such bad suicidal thoughts and would come home from class everyday and lay on my bed and cry for an hour.  I didn't drop the medicine for a couple weeks though, because it was so confusing and I thought maybe it was working and Wellbutrin wasn't. Somewhere in this mix I added and dropped Saphris as well. I eventually quit taking medicine all together and just decided I was better off without anything. Fast forward to February when my current depression started up.  I wasn't having suicidal thoughts I was just very depressed.  Half way through February I started to regret not killing myself when I had the guts.  I told my family how I felt and was going to try a different antidepressant again, but we decided I better not since I was away for school and no one could stop me from hurting myself this time. It's almost a cycle because I get depressed that I'm depressed, and then when I tell anyone what I'm going through it makes me more depressed because I think of the burden I'm putting on them with all of this and I can't stop thinking of myself as worthless and an overall ruiner.  And it's a daily occurrence that I wish that I would have killed myself back in October when medicine gave me the guts to do it.  Now it's getting worse and worse and I just decided today that the regretting has to stop, and that I should go through with it tonight and just kill myself. I really don't think I want to, but any small amount of stress triggers the feeling that I deserve to die and that if I was dead I wouldn't have to put up with all of these things that are causing me to be stressed out and I wouldn't have to ruin everyone's life around me and I wouldn't have to be depressed and stuck in a rut all of the time.  I live in a dorm room with no weapons or medicine to OD on or really any way to kill myself without jumping, so if I were to kill myself I would go to walmart and buy whatever looked/seemed easiest to kill myself with and just do it.  Usually I try to tell myself that things get better, but time ends up coming and going and at the end of the day things only ever get worse for me. 