I didn't do it, and it was the best decision I have ever made.I'll start from the beginning.. There are alot of details, but ill try to spare you of the boring meaty parts of my life and get to the point.

When I was 16 I met my future wife, she was 15 at the time. The year was 2006 and we pretty much had a perfect relationship. I lost my v-card to her, and we spent every moment that we could together.. I lived in the next town over but we did everything we could to see each other on the weekends. 

I moved in with her parents when I was 17, which was closer to work anyways. Transferred schools and we spent pretty much every moment together outside of work. We both were in it for the long run, and nothing could have changed either of our minds.

I joined the Army in 2007 and off I went in the summer to basic training in south carolina. I ended up getting out due to a broken hand. She never wanted me to go, but it was something I had to do. I didn't join for the college money or any of that, i just had a stong urge to serve as my father did and his father before him. 

Everything was good, I finished up high school and held a few high school jobs that really didn't mean anything. Graduated in June of 2008 and around August decided to try my luck again with the Army. I had worked hard to rehab my hand and get another chance.

I was in.

Oct 14th 2008 came and I once again shipped to Ft. Jackson, South Carolina. 

I graduated basic training and came home on leave for Christmas. We had planned on getting married. She was still 17 so we had to get her parents to sign off on it, they loved me so it was no problem and the only condition was that she finish high school before we get married.

I shipped off again, this time to Georgia for my job training. 5 months I was gone in Georgia. Came May i received orders to Schofield Barracks, Hawaii. It was pretty awesome. We were about to start our lives by ourselves, something we had been waiting for for a few years.

We landed in Hawaii in June of 2009. I was to deploy to Iraq with the Aviation unit. We were prepared, as prepared as two teenagers who are totally unprepared for anything can be. I ended up not going to the Aviation unit and instead was picked up by an infantry unit.

Nothing really relevant to my story happens until May 3rd 2010 when my son, the greatest thing to have ever happened to me, was born. My wife had never seen me cry until that night at 3 a.m when he was delivered. It was the greatest moment of my life and nothing before or since has compared to it.

Fast forward to APR of 2011. I deploy to Afghanistan. We have a strong relationship, nothing out of the ordinary bickering or fighting. Nothing that would ever strike me as odd. 

She pays the bills, send me pictures of my son, sends me packages, and skypes with me every chance we have. Everything is going great.

I go on R&amp;R back to the states 3 months after landing in country. Again, nothing out of the ordinary.. I notice nothing wrong or out of the picture with out relationship or even with her.

I head back to Afghanistan in August and this is where it starts. She stops paying the bills, stops sending me pictures, stops sending me care packages. Shes sure to get on skype so that she can get her bi-weekly ration of money transferred for food and essentials.

Things get kind of tense and we bicker about money and bills and various things, but nothing too bad. 

I am planning to get out of the Army and I start preparing us by saving, she doesn't like being restricted and it really causes things to heat up. At the beginning of November she breaks up with me. I refused to give her some money and it was her breaking point. It had never happened to us before, the real type breaking up. I was devastated and would not let our marriage fall apart over something as petty as money. I shower her in money to save us. At this time i had about 30k in savings.

Things weren't the same in our relationship, it never is after a sincere break up like that.

December 11th 2011, SGT Christopher Muniz dies in an IED. It fucking kills me. I have never cried so much in my life. One of my best friends was on leave back in the states, we will call him L. His best friend is Chris. We weren't supposed to tell anyone about the death until everything was official, and I see L on facebook messenger asking me whats up how everyone was doing and the usual. Im an emotional wreck at this point and it just killed me to know he was back in the states clueless that his bestfriend had been killed.

Fast forward to three weeks later.

I wake up and get on skype with my wife. Early morning Afghanistan was late evening Texas. She says she has to tell me something but she wanted to wait until tomorrow. Of course you cant tell someone this and expect them to be good with it, so I insist that she tell me whats up.

"I slept with someone else"

My whole body is in shock. I start trembling and crying. My head is spinning and I become severly nauseous. I'm shaking so violently and typing "no... please no... please"

My mind wouldn't allow me to believe it. We go through a bit of dialogue.. The normal "who is it" "It doesn't matter who it is" thing. You know. I tell her that I'll never be just a weekend dad and that my family is the number one thing. I'll work through it, i can accept the fact.

She isn't having it.

It gets the the point that I put my M4 rifle in my mouth on camera and threaten to blow my brains out. 

I wanted to do it so badly but the though that I could still come home to a family is what kept me from pulling the trigger.

She agrees to stay with me and do whatever she can to keep me alive. The day was Jan 2nd and she was due to fly back to Hawaii from Texas on the 14th. I had already purchased her ticket a month in advance. She was still really hesitant.

I had to force myself to work, to be happy. It was all fake but I had to trick myself into those moods so that I wouldn't lapse into depression. It made me sick to my stomache to be ok with what had happened but I did it for my family. 

Come 14 Jan. She calls me about 30 minutes before shes due to get on the flight.

"I can't do it." "I'm sorry"

We go through it again. Im shaking so violently that i cant see straight. I threaten to kill myself, something that I had really been thinking alot of the last two weeks now that the initial shock had worn off and mild depression had taken its place.

"I can't do it [wife], I can't live without you and [son]."

She knows what that means and again throws the "I'll do anything to keep you alive"

I buy her another plane ticket for January 27th. All this time I am showering her in gifts and she is constantly requesting large amounts of money (500-700) for various things such as new tires for her truck and registration charges. ect.

Around the 14th my curiosity gets the better of me and I manage my way into her facebook to find out who the fucker who was fucking my wife is. 

I find evidence of drug use. (Nothing hard, just pot in large quantities and prices)

I rage...... Hard.

I go straight to my commander and request an early leave date to deal with this new issue. Drugs were now being used around my almost 2 year old son.

They start the ball rolling on getting me home early.

Come the 27th she skips out on the plane ride again.

We go through it again and this time she calls my best friend, who is at a bigger base about 15 minutes away. 

Next thing i know they are running around our outpost looking for me in a frantic search. I sat in my little office slumped against the wall. I was defeated as a man. I couldn't think of living any longer. 

The sergeant who finds me was never particularly close to me, but he helped make it a bit better at the time.

I was put on a flight to the big base where combat stress therapists were stationed to help with these types of issues.

I remember laying in a tent of about 40 people in the middle of winter, covered from head to toe just staring up. I was silently crying. All i could think about was how the last 5 years of my life was being destroyed. I just wanted to end it. I prayed to nobody that my heart would just stop beating or that I would just stop breathing. I wanted to stop hurting more than anything.

That night was the hardest night I have ever had in my life.

I woke up every 30 minutes or so and just hoped that the last month had been a nightmare. But I came to the realization every single time that it was indeed real life.

I saw combat stress and they wrote off my suicide attempts and thoughts as shock.

I masked my pain, masked it with Ambien.

My leave got approved and I left Afghanistan on 8th of February. Me and [wife] had been "officially" together until about the 6th of February when I decided that enough was enough. I couldn't fucking deal with the cat and mouse games anymore. She skipped out on three flights and obviously had no intention on going back to Hawaii.

I was going home to no one.

No one.

I hadn't seen my son in 7 months.

Whatever.... I masked it with 3 ambiens at a time. In the mouth.... Up the nose. It worked for the time being.

All I could think the whole month of January was how if I didn't blow my brains out, how I would gas myself in my car back in Hawaii. A nice, painless death to take me away from the pain. 

I landed in Hawaii with 0 dollars. I was waiting on my tax return, which was supposed to be deposited any day.

I had been in America about 30 minutes before she called my buddy demanding half of the Tax return and child support.

I wouldn't have it. nope.

Alot happened in between Febuary and now, and I have already made my point so I won't bore you. But for those that are interested. I flew to Texas in March and rescued my son. 

My wife had lost about 80 pounds and it was then apparent that she was under the influence of something way worst than marijuana. 

My son and I have been a happy little family since March 8th. I have since left Hawaii and returned to Texas. I am now out of the Army, about 60 days, and going to college.

I just want to show my story to some and hopefully it can help. 

I was 4000 miles away from anyone who could help and I made it. I never regret the path I took, because I couldn't be happier now. 

Not killing myself was the best decision I have ever made.
 