over iti'm 21 years old and my lungs feel really bad. i'm concerned i have emphysema from smoking. everyone says "it's probably your asthma," but i'm on a steroid inhaler, a pill, AND i use the rescue inhaler daily and my issue does NOT stop in the slightest. chest x-ray: no cancer.

it's just your asthma, they say, while ventolin has historically rid me of all asthmatic symptoms and now, as of 3 weeks ago, after i neared 4 years of smoking, it stops. i've quit smoking since, but it doesn't matter. my breathing felt better as a smoker prior to 3 weeks ago when this started, than it does now, after i have quit. my peak flow has consistently been 300. i'm 21. i'm fucking 21 and, as reality seems to dictate, very likely have a chronic disease of the lungs. 21 with emphysema = suicide. i can't deal with this shit for much longer. i need to breathe.

see a doctor, they say. yeah? how do you suggest i do that. my unloving, terrible excuses of parents kicked me out. i had to move states. i've been leeching off a friend for months now. no more insurance. i've been lacking motivation. some kinda issue. skitz? idk. so apathetic. i don't give a flying fuck about any of it. 2 unused gym memberships collecting debt. a simple phonecall would solve this problem. but nope, i have no desire to do that. i simply want to die.

that's not to mention my mental health. i've been having psychotic symptoms, like voices in my head, and tactile hallucinations. schizo = it's over. i don't care what you say. major depression. mania. personality disorder. if you knew what i was like, you'd want me dead. i am a sociopath. that, and someone with schiz becomes a mental retard. you all know it's true. it is a death sentence for the "self."

seek therapy, you say. but i have no insurance. and no therapist could save me from my REALISTIC worldview of the fact that schiz's are beyond help. load them up with meds until they are fat, stupid, undesirable shells of themselves who exist only to weigh down the people they are leeching off of for support. get mad at me for saying that. i've been hearing voices, so fuck you if you think i'm wrong.

we live in a narcissistic world. if you aren't fit for the gene pool, social groups will leave you behind. that's the painful reality of this all. human beings are still as animalistic as that which they evolved from. we're a cancer whose sole purpose is to optimize ourselves through selective reproduction. it's a painful truth nobody wants to admit.

if you are mentally or physically disabled, you are over. an outlier. big dreams get evaporated.

they tell you, "you can still live a happy life like this."

bullshit. it's about lowering your standards.

so, in summary, i am a mentally ill, probably schizo, 21 year old with probable lung disease, an intense level of misanthropy, to the point where i am now sympathizing with mass murderers, a broken personality thanks to abusive parents, no insurance, no way to get help because for some reason, the best our species could do is what we have now, and it's shit, mind you. fucking idiots, i have had it with human beings. we're about to have a trump presidency. it's not like a hillary one would be much better. but really, feeling highly pessimistic about our potential because of this. those two options are a failure of america. i digress.

another tl;dr because i'm really disorganized right now and am not sure what i want to accomplish by posting this. i WANT therapy. i WANT to try it. but they make it fucking impossible. 3 month long waiting lists. need insurance. shitty, ignorant health professionals. what are you supposed to do?

the answer is, not be born a disordered, undesirable piece of shit. to be born of perfect genetics. you all know it's true. don't bullshit me. none of you would fuck a burn victim. so save the sentimental crap for someone dumb enough to believe it.