Easiest and most painless way to die?I know I've made a post on here previously, which I deleted not too long ago, but it's here again. It never really went away. For the first few days after my first attempt everything felt like hell, but it got better. Or at least I thought it did. After a week had passed, I was feeling shit again and as the months went on, it got worse. I've been trying to get help, but it hasn't helped at all. It took about 2 months to get a fucking referral, and I haven't heard anything from them since. I'm pretty sure my care manager just wrote me off as an attention-seeking teen. My family hasn't been much help, but what can be expected from them, I'm pretty sure they hate me anyways. They don't know what's wrong with me, why I'm like this and they think I can simply stop doing this, when I choose too. I haven't gotten a proper diagnosis yet, but I'm pretty fucking sure I'm depressed because the last few months I've been barely able to drag myself out of bed, and take care of myself. Not to mention my anxiety has gotten worse, the worse it's ever been. All most all of last week was one giant, clusterfuck panic attack. Which I had to endure in school. My incredibly Christian school, which has been no help whatsoever. I'm not out there, because I'm pretty sure they'd kick me out, which I can't afford to have happen. Every other school in the area is even worse, shitty dead-end schools for even shittier dead-end people. Throughout all of this the only person I've had to rely on is my mom and my best friend. The former who is now sick of me, and at every possible opportunity, she will scream at me and dismiss me. My best friend on the other hand, has no idea what to do for me anymore. 

I just want this to stop, everyday hurts like hell. I feel like I've been hit by a bus. My body hurts so much, and I've got a constant headache and I can't sleep properly. I can feel myself declining. No one's helping me anymore. No one cares about me anymore. I just want to know what the easiest and most painless way to kill yourself is. Then I can finally rest, and not have to worry about tomorrow anymore.