I want to disappearI am 18. By all means, I should be very happy. I am lucky enough to have a great family, a great boyfriend, and to go to a very prestigious university. I am lucky enough to have people to talk to, lucky enough to not have to worry about money, and lucky enough to have amazing opportunities everywhere. I should be very happy. 

I am not happy, hence why I am writing this. I have struggled with depression and anxiety and body image issues for a long long time. I am a drain on society and on everyone that I love. For my parents, I am a waste of the love and money they have put into me. Without me, they could save the extremely expensive tuition and put it towards something else. I have a sister anyway, who's fundamentally a better human being than I am. They don't need me. 

For my boyfriend, he is the only person I've really felt like I could talk to, and I know I'm just a drain on him, emotionally and time wise. He goes to a physically and mentally demanding school, and I know without me, he would be so much happier. He'd have more time and more energy, and he wouldn't miss me. I'm watching him now (we're video calling as we work) and he's so happy when he's not talking to me. As soon as I say something to him, his face drops. I feel like he's only with me because he feels like he should. If I was gone, he could find someone so much better than me. I love him so much, but he doesn't need me. 

My friends do not care about me. It's still freshman year. They'd be fine. They'll find new friends. They don't need me. 

I have dreams and aspirations, but those seem like they'll never pan out. Everyone has always thought that I'm a "happy" and "bubbly" person. But really, I'm just a disgusting person who's too fat and ugly for people to care about and who just uses up resources that someone else could have. I hate myself, and I always have. I made a plan to kill myself at 16, never went through with it because I thought I was happy. I should've known better, because I'm never really happy. I want to go away. I want to be happy, but I know I won't be. 

I've thought about calling someone. I've gone to therapy in the past. I made an appointment with my school's counseling and psychological services, but that's in a week. I considered talking to the clinician on call, but I'm not in an 'urgent mental crisis'. I considered calling the suicide hotline, but I would just be using resources they need for someone else. 

Knowing me, I'm too weak to even kill myself. I just need the courage, I guess. I just feel numb and alone, and I can't stop thinking about how easy it would be to stop living. But I probably wouldn't even be able to go through with it, and I hate myself for that. To be honest, I don't even think I should be making this post. Just wasting people's time. So I guess if you've made it this far, sorry for wasting your time. I'm sorry.