I feel trappedFirst some backstory.

I’m currently going into my senior year of high school. A couple years ago we started to think of what to major in and have a deep think about potential career fields we would like to enter. 
My dads side of the family has some doctors including him. Being Indian, i was obviously advised to follow his path and had the full right not to, but just went along with it. 

I did have a general interest in medicine at the start tbh. But as the days have gone by, i have shown lack of empathy and hard work needed for a medical student. Truth be told, i’m no longer interested in medicine. I have majored in bio, chem and physics. 3 suitable choices for medicine. The biggest obstacle is my dad. He’s been extremely keen on pushing me to become a doctor. He’s put in much more effort than I have at this point in making sure I get into a successful med school. I’ve done a lot work experience, attended med courses, etc. 

I attended a course a month ago for students wanting to become doctors in the near future. And tbh, that lifted my inspiration to become one myself. I do still find it interesting, but not AS much as before. One of the main problems I face is my grades. I’m on here because they come out literally tomorrow. And i’m scared for my life. Beacause i know i’ve done terrible in chem and phsyics. The thing is, that from these grades, my teachers predict grades i will get next year, and these predicted grades will go on my college applications which are sent out by mid-october. 

I cant come foreward to confront my dad about other potential careers that i would like to pursue either because they are non-academic. I literally need no school for them at all. And him being a traditional indian person, believes that you can be nowhere near successful if you suck at school. Not gonna go into this too much but i get bullied at school almost on a daily basis and theres nothing i can do. 

I cant run anywhere. I dont live in the US anymore, and really wanna go back, but my family is not on board with that idea. I dont know where to go tho, i’ll be homeless. None of my friends back in the US have a place for me to stay. The only way out of my problems are:

- Get into a good college (which will be abroad from my current residence) which i highly doubt will ever happen because i suck at school, and dont really wanna be a doctor that much anymore. 

- Run away (but i really dont know where im gonna go. I’ll have to be homeless)

- End it all. 

The third option doesn’t seem too bad for me at the moment. I do have an air rifle (not airsoft) which is used for killing birds n stuff. Just dont know if i aim for my head if it will actually kill me. Thats the problem. I dont want to survive and tbh, looking at the pellets, i’ll probably suffer in a lot of pain but wont die unfortunately. I’m too much of a coward to try anything else because its painfull. 

I’m stuck and I really need an escape. 