My sister (30) is suicidalI don’t know what to do. I used to be severely depressed and she comes to me because I can relate to her. She is suicidal. In our texts she’ll do this thing where she reasons with herself as to why she needs to do it. She told me not to tell anyone but I told our older sister. I’ve been crying at night. I feel so sad. She lives away from home with a toxic (functioning alcoholic) roommate and every night I hope that she will wake up the next morning. For reference, her roommate is the type of person who frequents the term “bad vibes” as a gas light mechanism. I’m afraid of baker acting her because I don’t want the police to be involved.

Here’s where it gets really difficult: 

She has been insecure and depressed most of her life. Now, at 30, she has alopecia areata and so far this has been her worst year in terms of baldness. She’s lost 60+ percent of her hair. I mean it’s traumatizing to be a woman and go completely bald but to have already been so wildly insecure (wanting plastic surgery almost everywhere) and go bald... I can’t imagine. She’s beautiful. 

She’s also very difficult. She isn’t affectionate. If I try to find a support group for women with alopecia she gets upset. If I try to help her she gets angry. My mom tried to help her but accidentally sent her remedies for the wrong type of hair loss and she “yelled” at my mom over text. She called my mom names like unintelligent and told her to fuck off. Later on, she texted me venting but asked me to explain why she had been mad to my mother. I mean I know that she never means the cruel things she says or does and it makes it that much sadder. I feel like her entire life has spiraled out of control and it breaks my heart. She’s 30, doesn’t have a job, and hasn’t ever had a healthy relationship. I feel awful. I want to help her but every-time I try she gets angry. It feels like she talks about suicide more and more every month and it’s getting to a point where I’ve realized something needs to happen.