I assure you, no one "needs" me.All I fucking hear all the time, "we need you, a lot of people need you."

No, NO!!! That's not true!!!

If it's a genuine safety need, it can easily be picked up by other people who just pick up the slack. 

Maybe someone like a child or a dog would need me, but I don't have any of those in my life right now. 

My life is filled with adults who have the ability to be independent, but refuse to be that. I have been parentified since a young age. My entire life has been dedicated to helping people somehow. If I'm not working, I am OBLIGATED to be someone's good samaritan. I always have to listen. I always have to be there for people. I have to spend HOURS listening to people RANT about the same shit!!!! Or obsess over something!!!! Or do favors!!! 

Because without the good deeds, I am nothing, but I don't want to do them anymore. I want people to fucking REALIZE, they will all be FINE without me. 

People always say they "need" me, and it feels really unhealthy to me. Like, they're so emotionally attached to me that being away from me will make them freak out. And it isn't *me* they like, just the things I do. I let them talk about themselves for hours on end. I'll buy them snacks. I'll keep them company so they don't feel alone. That I'll do good things when no one else will. 

I wish it was *me* that was cool, not the fact that there's no one else available, y'know? Like I wanna be the first choice when there's many others, not the last resort. 

I would enjoy it if people *wanted* me around, not *needed* for social/emotional reasons. 

Like, get hit up cause person randomly wants to interact with me. Not because they need someone to be around and I'm the last option. 

I am SO SICK of the "people need you" speech. What I'd like to hear? People liking me around. And ME, not just my ears or my good deeds, ME, who I TRULY am. 

Don't ever fucking tell me "I need you around."
I WISH people would tell me, "I would like to have you around, because I want you around."

But if some people don't shut the FUCK up, they're gonna find me with bloody wrists. I swear to god...

People tell me to stay alive. Just to berate me the entire time. 

If I wasn't so afraid of the post-suicide attempt nightmare I would have made a plan by now. 

At some point I'm just gonna flee the state with a backpack filled with bare essentials and the clothes on my back. And I'm not gonna come back. And everyone I leave behind and never talk to again? They'll be fine, I guarantee you.