Everything went to shit again. Not sure if I have it in me to pull myself back up this time. I don't know why I'm posting here. I barely have the physical or emotional energy to do so, and I'm not sure it'll help. Maybe it's because I don't have anyone in my life I can vent to like this, and I feel like someone out there should know my story. 

The last few days suicide has been on my mind, especially the past 12 hours or so. I'm okay with that. I'm okay with death. My belief is that death is nothingness, and that empty nothingness will be far superior to this pain and suffering I currently experience. 

I don't think I've ever really enjoyed life. Maybe I did, sometime around 20 or 21. I had a fiancé, a cute little house, and the best job ever--I sold weed. Well, for a couple of years anyways. I ended up getting ratted out, and my nice little life with the fiancé and house transformed to prison walls. I did a year there and when I got out, she dumped me almost immediately. It was a combination of things; my year-long absence, her cheating, my neediness and vulnerability at the time, my gender identity issues... I was left solo in a new city, fresh out of prison, with no support and no money. 

I'm really proud of what I did for myself after that. I found a job right away working in a small, dark, miserable smoke-filled taxi office. During that time I re-enrolled in college. I ended up graduating with flying colors, did tons of internships, extra-curriculars, everything I could to build a resume. After school, which was just last Spring, I landed two jobs that I loved. One as a journalist and the other working in administration at the university. My journalism job was years in the making, with internships, lots of freelancing and hanging on before finally getting offered a part time position. I got really lucky with the admin position, with a super new-agey boss that disregarded my felony. 

During that last year, with my newfound money and stability, I transitioned from male to female. This is something I'd wanted to do since my childhood, and was the most difficult thing I've ever done. On March 19 of this year I started living full time as a woman. Both my jobs were supportive (they led me to believe), all my friends were on board, and I seemed to pass just fine in public. Having my body and mind congruent felt so good, and life seemed to finally be falling into place. I was seriously ready just to sit back and enjoy myself, maybe find a new girlfriend to live in a new cute house with, and let happiness come to me. 

Well, last Friday, out of the blue, my boss at the university informed me that my job is being eliminated. Just yesterday, also completely out of the blue, my boss at my journalism job informed me that it too is being eliminated. Both jobs gave me the same story--it's not my work performance, it's money issues and that's just how businesses work. I'd almost rather it have been something I did wrong, then I might not feel so powerless. On top of all that, my housing situation is uncertain because my housemate randomly bailed. 

So I went from on top of the world even just a week ago, to some of the lowest depths of my life. I'm a felon and a trans woman, and in spite of my skills and abilities, I'm fucked when it comes to finding jobs. So I'm pretty down and out right now. I'm not sure if I'm feeling up to trying to piece things back together again.  If life is just a cycle of getting shit together and then having it fall apart, that's not really cool with me. It's just not my thing. I've tried my hardest, given it my best shot, and things insist on not working out for me. Okay, universe: you win. My hands are in the air, my white flag is waving. 