Unconquerable depresionHi people,

This is my first Reddit post and it may be a bit long so please bare with me.

I was hoping to have some sort of an outlet to talk about my depression and suicidal thoughts in a stress-free environment. I'm really stuck and unsure what to do. 

I've had on-and-off depression for about two years now. The last time I experienced severe depression (basically glued to my bed and avoiding any human contact) was senior year of high school. I'm now a male sophomore in college with a good group of friends, good grades, a host of extracurriculars to occupy my time, etc. Recently (about two months ago), I've randomly gone off the deep end. There wasn't any trigger or any explicit reason, but my depression came back with a vengeance. It's really unbearable; lack of interest, lack of motivation, inability to sleep, nightmares when I do sleep, anxiety, and negative/suicidal thoughts. 

I've tried everything I can think of. I'm currently taking 30mg of Celexa once daily (been taking now for about 6-7 weeks, don't really remember), see a therapist twice a week, and have a friend as a close confidant. However, my suicidal thoughts keep getting worse to the point where they are basically a constant from the moment I woke up until the moment I fall asleep, and then follow me to my dreams. I spend way too much time each day googling sad shit because that's the only thing I can focus on at this point. I've considered voluntarily going to a hospital. Not sure what that would do, but it seems like I've run out of options of stuff to try, and I really can't deal with this shit anymore. I've also considered a medical leave from school, but I can't imagine how being stuck at home will make me feel any different, and I'm worried that taking a leave will negatively impact my education experience...not like I should be worrying about that right now.

I know that eventually it'll get better and I have the capacity to beat this thing, just like other people do, and just like I've done in the past. But at the moment, I'm really frightened that I may follow through with something if nothing changes soon. 

Does anyone have any similar experience with unconquerable depression, advice on what to do when every viable option has seemed to fail, or some other input? Though words of encouragement are nice, they're not exactly what I'm looking for.

Thanks for reading everyone! 