The family I thought I had is completely falling apart.When I was younger, life wasn't bad at all. I didn't start out in a troubled home, or at least that's what I always thought. I had two loving parents that actually supported me and wanted the best for me, but a lot can change in a matter of 21 years.

My parents got divorced when I was in the 3rd grade. My dad moved about 30 minutes away with his new wife (girlfriend at the time) and would initially come to visit me every once in a while. It eventually got to the point where I'd only see him once a year -- at Christmas time -- and now I haven't seen him in fuck knows how long. There are times when I actually forget that he's still alive, if I'm completely honest.

My mom, on the other hand, is a control freak. If it's not going her way, it might as well not be going at all. She constantly criticizes the choices I make: from the people I call friends to the fact that I use alcohol, cigarettes, and cannabis to ease my mind when the daily routine and my assignments are done. I'm a college student, so I (unfortunately) still live at home. I had some old vaping shit and cigarettes in my room at one point, and my mom decided to go through my stuff one day and threw everything out: easily about $100 right there, all things considered. She's also thrown out a bong, pipe, stash container, and about 3 grams of weed on a separate occasion: well over $100. She's within her legal right to do this since it is her house, but it doesn't change the concept that she's actively throwing away money that I've earned (I do have a job). I've obviously gotten pissed about that fact, but there's no reasoning with her at all. If I try to compromise on anything, she won't have it. If I get mad about the fact that she can't be reasoned with, she literally calls up her whole side of the family and plays the victim to them, one at a time. At one time, she also disapproved of a girl that I was dating so much that she would take my car keys and have my fucking grandma drive me to class/work so that I couldn't go visit said girl. I wish I was joking. Despite all of this family drama that she insists on starting for no fucking reason, she actually thinks that I'm going to attend family holidays this year. I've already told her that she can forget about that, and she -- as usual -- plays the victim there as well. As far as she's concerned, she can do no wrong. Even when she's trying to make my life decisions for me and throwing away my possessions that I worked for, I'm apparently the one who's at fault.

I've grown to hate the family that I always thought would support me and the choices I make, I hate coming home at the end of the day, and I have a general dislike for being alive at the moment. My desire to be away from home has gotten so bad that I'll occasionally go to Walmart and walk around the store, or I'll go to a local park with a coffee and a pack of cigs so that I don't have to go back yet. If I have assignments to do, I'll sometimes do them on campus so I can postpone going home. There are also times when I'll do an extra hour or two at work just so I don't have to go home too early.

The only thing that's keeping me going at this point is the hope that everything will eventually get a whole lot better, or that I'll get my hands on some harder drugs that'll kill me and then I won't have to deal with any of this shit anymore. Honestly, I don't care which one happens; I just want it to hurry up. Life, in its current state, simply isn't bearable.