I've hit rock bottom and I can't see myself being here anymore. Anxiety, drugs, COVID, and loneliness.This is my first post here.  I have anxiety disorder and PTSD and I am utterly alone.

I started thinking a lot about death a few months ago - just the idea of dying, but over the past few days, I've begun to think about killing myself.  I'm too afraid to make a phone call to anyone because I don't want my family to find out, so I'm putting it here.

My anxiety has been really bad for a few months and I spend most days feeling very uncomfortable.  I shake, my heart pounds, I feel disoriented and experience depersonalization.  I've been in my house for several months due to COVID and now have anxiety about even going outside.  I do have medications for my issues, but they don't seem to ever make they symptoms go away.

In the Fall, my relationship with my long-term SO became strained due to an issue in his family.  He began smoking weed every day; I rarely saw him sober.  He also started treating me badly during sex and ridiculing me when I couldn't perform as he wanted.  It got to the point that I started having panic attacks when he wanted sex while he was stoned.

COVID came, and SO and I followed stay-at home rules.  When we finally saw each other, he apologized for being high around me all the time and said he'd stop.  He also apologized for his behavior and everything seemed like it was on the right path - and then he ghosted me.  After three years together, he quit communicating with me a week ago.  My heart physically hurts and I have no answers.

When SO started smoking weed all the time, I also started so that I could be in the same headspace as he was.  It made me feel terrible - more depressed and more anxious, cloudy headed, and confused.  I swore I'd only do it at his house, but when COVID came I broke my promise and brought it into my house.  I've smoked every evening since then and I absolutely hate myself for it.

My oldest kid is transferring to a college very far away from me in a few weeks.  They won't be coming home on weekends anymore.  My youngest kid is planning to leave to a distant college as well; this came as a shock because I thought they'd stay at a community college for the first two years.  My kids' father who has lived nearby to co-parent is moving away as well.  I have will have no family here now.

My company where I've worked for more thatn 15 years will be re-structuring at the end of the year.  I will lose my office and have to work 100% from home, so I will no longer see my workmates.  It's possible that they may decide it's not worth keeping me at all and will fire me.  I might be able to save my job if I move a few states away and leave my home of 20 years.  I have no family or friends in the other state.

Gyms are closed, social events are shut down, travel isn't allowed... all of the ways that I could even try to connect with another human are gone.  Days pass and I don't even know what day it is unless a meeting reminder comes up while I'm working.

I don't belong here anymore.  I have no purpose.  I am in physical and mental hell and utterly alone.