Really needing some encouragement. :PGraduated from college last month and in the process of finding a job - or at least everyone thinks I am. In a whole month I have done only one application. I am so fucking lazy. Or am I? When I have something to do, I do it no problem. If I had a job I would be one of the best workers, because I do things thoroughly. I am a bit ocd and have anxiety, which is a blessing when I have a job, but a curse in the area of motivating myself to do things for myself. I have extreme tunnel vision-which means I have to focus in on small things at a time, otherwise I get overwhelmed. Part of why I love science (yeah, I am actually kinda smart when I try), but it is also why I have a hard time organizing and taking care of my life, I get overwhelmed, go crazy, and hide away in my room in a book, a movie, and my ipod. I want to get a job so I can finally truly become independent (still living off parents). I want a job so bad, anything. I wouldn't care how crappy. Fast food, retail, whatever. But I keep waiting around for something to fall into my lap instead of doing something. In the time it took to write this I could have filled out an application. But when I think about it my throat and stomach seize up. I get depressed, loose all motivation. I used to be so motivated. Then I got depressed-suicidaly depressed. Now I only feel the pull once in a while, but mostly I am just mildly depressed. It's the anxiety that keeps me down. I don't know how to shake it. I can't do meds or therapy cause they are too expensive and well, I don't have a job. When I do I am certainly looking in to it. Fuck me,  suicide would be so easy, I wish I could just throw myself away cause I am so tired of being like this. Why am I so lazy? It's like someone forgot to put in the survival instincts when making me. :P *sigh* I just need someone to see how pathetic I feel and encourage me, but I hide everything. As far as my family and friends know, I am a happy, avidly job hunting new graduate with so much potential. They don't see the pathetic, horrible mess I see.