17 and confusedI don't know Reddit ... I almost feel like I've been living a complete lie the past year or so.

So, here's the gist of it all: About half-way through my Junior year of highschool, I was told I wouldn't be able to graduate on time. With my current grades, and my GPA, they told me it wouldn't be possible. So, me and my dad talked (My parents are divorced, it's kind of confusing), and he said I could move over to his place and get my GED (He offered to pay for it, my mom couldn't). Of course, me being my stupid self and not planning ahead, decided to go along with it. I was never really that into highschool, I wasn't very popular, and a lot of my "friends" I didn't even get along with, so I thought what the hell. It's worth a shot, right?

Now, here I am, 6 months later, sitting on my ass all day and night with nothing to do, trapped with a family I don't even like. I'm currently taking anti-depressants (Zoloft, Minimum dosage, started about 2 weeks ago) and I suffer from moderate Agoraphobia. I just recently spent Christmas with my mother; Over the time I spent with her, I've had a lot of time to reflect, and I honestly ... I just don't understand it. I'm confused.

I feel like, now that I'm out and nearly living on my own, I *need* to be an adult. I *need* to be all these things that I'm not -- and yet, my dad gives me a hard time about not having a job; I almost feel like he wants me to be something that I'm not, and the whole reason why he let me in was because he wanted to spend time with me and that's it. I'm 17 and eventually I'm going to need to pay for college when I turn 18, and I have no idea where I want to go once I'm out on my own. I also have next to no social life, which doesn't help when you have social anxiety!

I just ... I seriously can't handle it. I'm not suicidal, but I'm afraid that eventually I will be, and the fact that I'm actually thinking about eventually thinking about something like that makes me incredibly nervous. Sometimes I just feel like crying, because I don't know what to do.