Maybe I don't deserve happinessI don't know where to begin. I was mentally (and sometimes physically) abused by my dad growing up; he was an abusive alcoholic, and he would get angry very easily (both drunk and sober) but he always was a part of my life and paid the bills, so I feel bad about having these emotions about him. 

I've always had a close relationship with my mom, but she had cancer in 2015, major surgery in 2016, and my dad left us after her surgery (couldn't stop chasing other women). Our relationship has suffered from him leaving, and I don't resent her at all, but it's hard because the focus has been on the negativity of their divorce. 

I'm a full-time college student and I work over 40 hours a week to provide for myself, but after bills, I don't have money to pay for my antidepressants. I've been off them for 3 months and I miss it so much. 

I've always been so driven, focused, and motivated, even when my dad abused me growing up--focused on my health, excercise, school, learning a different language, etc. But I just feel so empty, and I've stopped doing those things. Today, I worked 6am-3pm, came home, slept, and have been in bed ever since. I can't bring myself to shower, but I'm disgusted by my body (stopped working out, have gained 20+ pounds), but I just can't work out. 

None of my friends care about me. When I do just happen to see them, they say they always want to get together, but I see them constantly hang out with other people in my apartment complex without asking me if I'm busy/available. My boyfriend of a year never tells me he cares about me, that I'm attractive to him, etc--he never kisses me or touches me (like holding my hand, putting his hand on my thigh), and I don't think he really, truly cares about me. He only really touches me when he wants to have sex. 

I'm doing all the "right things," like going to college, taking school seriously, being on my own at 21, having a relationship, but nothing feels good to me anymore. Absolutely nothing. I want to be dead, but I don't want to actually die--I just wish I had never existed. I've never really done anything to deserve any of this, per se, but I think deep down, I feel like I must be a bad person (too selfish, idk, that's what I worry being about the most) to feel like this. Last year, I sat in my car on my campus' parking deck and wanted to jump off, but I couldn't bear doing that to my mom and twin sister. They would be destroyed. 

As time goes on, it becomes harder for me to deny the fact that I wish I was dead. I have no hobbies--I used to draw, paint, read, and run, and I've started doing that again, but it doesn't feel as good as it used to. I feel like I don't deserve to eat, I already take up way too much space as it is. I'm not as smart as I wish I was, and I just don't feel very pretty (even though that's petty af). 

I don't know why I'm posting. I just needed to get that off my chest. I feel so empty, and I want to die a little more each day because I feel so worthless. Thanks for letting me vent. If I am going to kill myself, I feel like it would be an intentional overdose.