ready to quit at 17im not happy with the fact that i'm ready to end my life, but i've settled with it. i hate being alive, waking up knowing that my day will be just like yesterday. boring and meaningless. i hate that my life has become such a pain in my the ass, i wanted so much for myself growing up. i always thought and hoped that i would become this strong, intelligent, beautiful and strong person. i never would have predicted that id become a program kid, that i would spend years in day programs and eventually over a year away from home in group home, CBAT/resi, inpatients and now an IRTP. obviously from day 1 this has been draining, but lately i've been feeling like it has *finally* taken everything. that it finally leeched every last drop of motivation out of my body. hitting rock bottom and knowing you've let not only everyone that cares about you down, but yourself too? it brings on a pain that's physically unbearable. i dwell on the truth that i did this to myself, that i cant blame anyone for ending me up in this nightmare, and that i was given so many chances, always managing to ruin them out of pure ignorance. i cant live with myself. feeling like the worst person in the world all the time. i'm tired of crying so hard that i feel like i'm gonna throw up, doubling over and hyperventilating and screaming because i have nothing else to do. only being accompanied by a crushing reality, that no matter what i do, ill still be in this shitty placement. i can have all the behaviors i want, ill still have to sleep in that god awful room again. i see no point in going on and still fighting if its not getting me anywhere. id rather just spare myself from what is an extremely emotionally and physically tormenting situation and off myself. i've been trying so hard but i just don't want to anymore. why bother trying to build myself back up again just so i can fall apart sooner or later, that's what always happens. i'm burning, and im just waiting for the smallest thing to put me out for good.