I'm a failure, nobody actually likes me, why go onI'm a piece of shit in general, so naturally, bad things happen to me. I'm lazy, failing my senior year of highschool, I have a lot of social anxiety, I'm ugly, bad teeth due to my failure to bother brushing them, balding already at 19, hardly any friends and every single new person I have ever met that isn't being literally paid to talk to me looks at me with disgust upon meeting me. I don't have a job, a license, any idea of what I'd do if I got into college (I wouldn't) never had any sort of relationship with a girl, etc. I'm just a failure, it's never gonna change because I'm lazy and I don't want to change it.

Yes, I know the answer to my question on how to fix this, "Work harder" "Try this technique" "Try asking other girls out", thank you. For those who truly want to improve themselves that's great advice, I don't though, I'm a lazy piece of shit who nobody likes for obvious reasons and I'm not willing to put in that kind of effort when it still won't fix everything like how ugly I am or my awful teeth or my anxiety. So why keep going? It's never gonna get better, I'm a legit shit who doesn't contribute anything to society and never will, never going to make a girl happy, never going to have a family or anything, what's the point? 

I'm so sick of people trying to "help" me when it's all a complete waste on me because I'll never bother trying to improve my situation or who I am. I don't even know why I'm posting this, just to vent I guess. I'm going to try and get a gun at some point in the future, don't know when, but I no longer see why that's something I shouldn't do. I've lost all reason to continue living. People dislike me in general, therefor there's really no reason to continue living, I want to make others happy but living how I want to live or just existing in general does the opposite, so if you ask me, it's more selfish of me to continue living, yeah it is selfish that I'm killing myself too, but I'm a lazy piece of shit as I said, this'll be my final sin and at least from there the world and those around me can only improve.

People dislike suicide because it's the loss of someone who might have actually been a good person, might have actually brought joy to those around them or contributed to the world in some way, I'm none of those things and never will be, so what's so bad about it.