My fucked up relationshipI was with my currently ex girlfriend for more than 4 years. We initially met when I was in a bad place in life. For reference, I went through a major break up of a three year relationship that time and had just recovered a bit. She too was in a similar predicament. At that point, I was not attracted to her but I liked her. I only started talking to her because she was one of the very few girls who smoked. We started going out a lot and we lost our virginities to each other. I said the L word first. I went through some unrelated legal troubles and she was with me through it all for the few months. Over the next couple years, we lived together and were each others' worlds. My other troubles settled over time and I started to look into the relationship. I was in love with her but me not being attracted to her started to take over. I used to look for reasons to fight and there used to be plenty. I tried breaking up with her a few times but always met with panic attacks and heartbreaking monologues about how I was everything to her and that she'd do anything to keep the relationship going. I struggled a lot thinking how evil a person I am to not be attracted to her but I always made her feel like she's the most beautiful person in the world. It's been three years into the relationship and we were fighting very often and most fights end with me hitting myself or burning myself with a cigarette to calm her panic attacks. One big fight later, we decided to end the relationship but to be together till she's in a better place (her idea). A few months later, the seemingly better place (she graduated college) came and I tried to end it. But just a few weeks prior, I met another girl who I spilled my heart out to. We became quite close to a point where she was waiting for me to end the relationship. But before I could have a talk with her, she went through my phone and found out about the new girl. And she started to lose it. She started threatening me with ruining that girls life by sharing her information on sex chat forums. I stopped talking to the new girl and tried explaining her that nothing happened between us and I only want to break up for all the other reasons. And then came the suicide threats. After a lot of consoling, she agreed she won't kill herself only if I'm with her till she leaves town(a year from then), so I agreed. We started living together again. Although, this time, both of us know it's not supposed to be happening. We still used to fight often though less than before. Seven months have passed and I didn't notice anything weird apart from being in a very toxic relationship. Then one day I accidentally saw a graphic message from one of my guy "friends" in her phone. At which point, it all came crashing down. I reluctantly went through her phone to find out she's been trying to take revenge on me all these months, sleeping with as many of my friends as possible and trying to turn people against me while simultaneously living with me and saying she loves me, everyday. On confrontation, she admitted I fucked up her life and rightfully she took a revenge on me. I told her we can't live together anymore but she wouldn't agree. Still says she couldn't live without me. If I showed any anger, she'd immediately go back to suicide threats. There were times where I had to pull a knife away from her. I kept quiet. Days went on. Though, this time, everything was in the open. She'd still say she loved me everyday. A small fight happened and she told me she'd been taking something at work, to end it. That she'd already tried it once and she just had to increase the dose next time. It just suddenly became all too real for me. It dawned on me the legal consequences that'd ensue if she went through with it. So the next morning, I called her friends and family and informed them. They found evidence for the same and so they got her committed against her will. Now she says I ruined her career by telling people about her suicide attempts but it's finally over and she's getting the much needed help. I know I'm probably the asshole here but I'd just been having a really bad time and thought it'd help to share it somewhere.

Tl:dr? Am I the asshole if I got my suicidal girlfriend committed against her will?