I have to somehow survive this until after christmasI don't want to hurt my parents, my family. If I would kill myself it would hurt them so much. But I just can't do this anymore. I'm just waiting for me to die naturally or by an accident but it just won't happen. I'm 21 and who knows I'll live for another 60 years. If I decide to kill myself it has to be after christmas, I just can't ruin christmas for my family. The only reason I'm still alive is because I don't want to hurt my parents, sister, family, friends.

I just can't live with things I've done before. The remorse and guilt is eating me up inside. I had sex with my then-girlfriend after she asked me if I wanted sex and she unenthusiastically told me she wanted as well. She has BPD and our relationship was becoming very unhealthy for a few months. She projected her irrational fears onto me, got mad at me for every small thing and we had arguments a lot. We just had a fight and she was still looking angry/sad. I just accepted it. I knew she looked unenthusiastic, not moving and staying silent. That she was most likely not into it. That she had a history of dissociating during sex and thinking about past traumatic experiences. That she had a lot of irrational fears of me leaving her if I wouldn't get enough sex because of experiences with her past exes. Somehow I convinced myself that since she initiated she knew what she was doing. That it was not illegal or anything since there was consent. That it did not necessarily mean she was dissociating, but could also mean that she was just angry about the fight. But was I really sure about that? My thought process was so flawed. If she says no or stop I will stop, I told myself. I should have just stopped or not engaged in the first place. The next day she told me in tears that she did not like what I did. She forgave me the same day however, but I don't know if that's because she meant it or because she just wanted me to stay with her since she had no one else. I broke up with her not long after since it became all too much for me. The relationship sucked and now this happened. I found it hypocritical to ask me for sex, and then not tell me you actually did not want it until the day after. It was the final straw. During the break-up she even admitted that she sometimes manipulated me into getting angry to see how far I would go, for her to get confirmation that I truly loved her. I can't bear living in a reality where I've possibly violated someone. It's disgusting. She was the girl I loved and did everything for, always put her first. I never wanted to hurt her. And then I make a selfish, careless decision. It didn't dawn upon me what I did until 2 years after. But now that I know better I can't live with myself anymore. I did something that I've always been absolutely disgusted at. Something that never crossed my mind, that I've never even had the slightest urge to do.

Please, please, everyone, only engage in sex if it's initiated enthusiastically. Most likely the other party is only doing it to please you and don't want it themselves. It's possible for people to freeze up during such things. No one should go through that. It's the best for both parties to not engage in it. You don't want to feel as if you've violated/traumatized someone. I can't live with it.