Suicide by Train, Shotgun, or OverdoseI don’t really care what anyone has to say about saving me. My family are very toxic, and they have abused me physically and sexually for as long as I can remember. I am 17 now in Chicago. I have a 0.0 GPA and have no motivation to fix this. Due to Coronavirus I have had to endure E-learning, and it has fucked me up. School was my escape from abuse and trauma at home. I am trying to drop out but I legally can’t until i’m 18 without parental consent. My football coaches refuse to let my mom sign the papers to allow me to drop out. I have 0 friends that are real, and they all use me for my ability to easily access drugs. Every time I try to tell them about my struggles with school and family they just say “Let’s talk about it when we’re sober.” The problem is there’s never a single point where they or I am sober. I use Weed, Acid, Shrooms, DMT, Xanax, etc. These all help me escape the reality I live in. I am half American and half Mexican. I am the only Mexican one in my family. I live with my moms side who is all white. I lost track of my real father at 4 years old and i’ve never seen him since. I believe this is the reason they abuse me. About 2 years ago I lost my first girlfriend who I dated for over 2 years. I broke up with her to fix my mental issues and drug addiction but in the end it’s only gotten worse and worse. I felt like I was a burden to her. She’s an amazing volleyball player, and an even better student. I felt like I was holding her down. She was the only person that took time to hear my problems, and she is the only person that genuinely cared about me. Without her and the constant abuse physically, sexually, and mentally I do not care at all to live anymore. Everyone hates me but nobody knows me. I am just a menace to society, and I see myself becoming a danger to others if I do not commit suicide soon. With that being said I have a lot of money. I trap. It’s how I was raised. I have a 12 gauge shotgun, a plethora of drugs to OD on, and I live nearby the metro. Which way is the easiest to commit suicide from painlessly. I want it to be automatic almost. If I overdose I plan on drugging myself with other pills such as Xanax to overdose in my sleep. Someone please send me some advice on which way I should use to end my pain. Thanks for taking the time to read this, and i’m looking forward to responses. I am 100% ready and dedicated to ending my suffering.