I want to stop.Sleep didn't come to me easy two nights ago.
Or any night for that matter.
I laid in bed for a long time, and eventually I found myself asking why I pretend to ignore all these negative little things while they bore into me.
Questions like these popped into my head frequently before I was asleep, and I answered them all with the same answer, "is that any reason to quit?" Satisfied with my answers, I eventually fell asleep at around midnight, but then the dream returned.
I'm an asexual and I had sex about a year ago, and the girl keeps returning in my dreams to hand me a gun and tell me to kill myself. I eventually do.
Although was nothing like, yet similar to every other dream of that sort except one key difference, she wasn't there.
It was only me and a gun. I was the one telling me to kill myself. Why?
I stared at the gun for a long time, until eventually and inevitably, I gave in. 
I held it up to my head and pulled the trigger.
And just like that, I was gone.
I couldn't feel anything, all the little things that dig into me were gone, I couldn't see, I couldn't smell, I couldn't even breathe. 
It was the most peaceful moment I've ever been a part of. 
I throughly enjoyed it.
But then it all came back, like the best of the world's biggest drum. It started out distant, slow, and faint, but then it quickly sped up, and increased in volume until it reached me, until it was all I can feel, it was all I could hear, it was all I was.
It brought back my fears, it brought back my shame, I remembered why I wanted to.
I remembered that I weigh people down, I remembered that I'm a stain upon humanity, I remembered who I am.
I remembered why she wasn't there, she didn't need to be, I could do it myself.
I'm a burden upon my two closest friends, both lesbians, who love me more then I deserve.
They don't deserve a friend like me.
I make them unhappy.
I make everyone unhappy.
I'm a burden upon everyone.
I've told them how I feel.
I've told them I want to.
They cared at first, but they're tired of it.
They're the only things keeping me holding on and I'm making them unhappy.
I love them both tremendously, but I can't make them unhappy.
I can't cause people I love to feel tag way.
They need to hate me.
They need to leave me.
I need to be alone.
If I'm alone, I can actually pull the trigger.
If I'm alone, I can end my burden on the world.
There have been several mornings where I'm home alone before school and I walk around my house getting ready carrying a pistol.
Every once it a while I stop by a mirror and size it up to my head, considering if I should.
I've written at least six notes.
I've squeezed the trigger once, but I was stupid and forgot to cock the gun.

All I thought about today was that I should've pulled the trigger all those times when I've had it loaded properly.
I woke up, already done with the day.
I had too many dreams last night.
People I love, handing me the gun.
Those two girls.
And the worst part is, after I fired the gun, I heard them sigh with relief.
That wasn't fun.
I woke up sort of disappointment with myself that I didn't suffocate on my earbud's cord around my neck.
I went through the morning wishing my family would leave the house so I could get out the gun.
I drove to work wishing there were cliffs for me to drive off of.
I sat at work wishing the stairwell was deep enough for me to jump off of.
I got home wishing I would have gotten into a crash.
I showered wishing I had enough time to slit my wrists.
I don't want to be here.
But I have to be.
Even if all those things were available, I probably wouldn't do it.
It takes tremendous courage to end one's life.
And I'm not that strong.
Plus, I can't do that to those girls.
I tried to get both of them to hate me so I could follow through.
But I couldn't.
I found two of the best humans on this planet, neither of which, despite the terrible person I am, would leave me.
I love them.
I've written too many notes, I've weighed the costs too many times.
Last time I was home alone was yesterday, and yesterday I took out the gun.
I should've done it.
I would have saved the world so much, I would've caused so much happiness.
Sure, loved ones are going to have to do some soul-searching. 
That's okay.
They may become better people for it, if not, they'll just never name their kids my name.
That's all.