I feel like I'm at the end of my rope...I don't know if this is kosher her because I don't think I'm actually going to kill myself but I have no idea what I am going to do because everything just sucks and I'm tired of it. Short version:  Joined the Army last year in order to get my financial shit in order (I have a useless undergrad degree, was on food stamps, have $45k in student debt). I hate it.  In June my grandmother who I loved dearly died, suddenly, a week before her 90th birthday (she'd been talking all year about how she'd be the first in her family to hit 90 and how excited she was for it). Her funeral was on my mom's (her daughter) birthday.  

In August I finished training and ended up stationed in Bumfuck, Germany, in a fucked-up unit that embraces all the stupid bullshit I hate about the Army (basically we're treated like children and everyone's a homophobic sexist dick). I just found out that I'm probably going to be deploying next year, one month before I'm supposed to move on to my next assignment (which should be within the US at least), and I'm a coward so that TERRIFIES me.  I've got this fucking problem with my foot, they don't know what it is but my foot hurts every day, and my leadership makes me feel like a shitbag because I can't run on it. Our housing sucks - I'm 25 and living in a super-shitty dorm room with a roommate and never have any privacy. I basically have no friends here: at home my idea of a nice Friday night was maybe going to a movie, then getting a drink or two and bullshitting about literature and philosophy and things like gender theory all night, and NO ONE here does that.  An aunt is currently in the hospital suffering from major, major health problems. I hate my job. I hate the people here. They're making me take a class to get a military license and I'm scared to death of driving (I was in an accident where someone died when I was a kid, then when I borrowed my mom's car when I was 19 a pedestrian stepped in front of my car [I was going slow] and after that I basically said fuck driving, bad things happen when I do it), but this week I'm going to have to drive a fucking humvee. I'm always stressed and unhappy and were it not for the fact that I could in theory go to jail for it I don't think I'd get out of bed in the morning. I want out of the Army but don't know what I'd do.  I can't go talk to anyone because 1) that's stupid 2) there's no real confidentiality in the military and 3) they'd just tell me I'm fucking stupid; I've never even deployed.  Oh, and I fucking loathe the military-industrial complex, so I wake up every day knowing I'm an immoral sellout who gave up on my ideals for a quick easy buck.

Pretty much the only thing keeping me going is the fact that my parents would be so hurt/embarrassed if I killed myself, and they don't deserve that. I just don't know where to turn, no one even knows how miserable I am because I feel like I need to put on a mask for my friends who all told me not to join.  

I have no idea why I'm even posting this. I just don't know what to do. It's like walls are closing in all around me. 