I am 100% responsible for my own unhappiness. The consequences for my bad decisions is death.Sorry if this doesnt come out well, I'm literally crying as I type this. Halloween used to be my favorite holiday as a kid, but now I'm in my 3rd year of college and all by myself and I hate what ive made my life into. My roommates are all out drinking, the people below me are having a wild loud party, and I'm stuck in my room lying in the dark trying to pretend like I'm dead, since that's what I want to be right now.

I dont care what the doctors said, I'm pretty sure I dont have depression. At least not if we define depression as an irrational state of hopelessness and misery. I can rationally break down and analyze every one of my hundreds of problems and catalog in meticulous detail every stupid choice I made that left me a broken man child with no friends, no social experience and no useful skills. Its all my fault, I played to many video games, I watched too much porn, I was too afraid to ask out girls, I was paranoid about using social media and fell out of touch with all of my acquaintances, I chose to lie around dreaming about all the things I wanted instead of working towards them. It's all my fault. I as a person have failed at the game of life, and if I stay alive now ill just be prolonging my period of regret. 

I'm 20 years old, older than many of the heroes in the books I used to read and love, but I have the life experience of a 12 year old. Every weekend for the past 6 years has been me sitting by myself in my room. I usually dont even do anything except think and daydream, at least people who spend their lives addicted to WoW have something to show for it. I'm such a loser that I cant even find another loser to be my friend. I don't know why I'm never invited anywhere or why no one seems to care about me, but its probably something obvious I'm just too stupid or arrogant to see.

I feel so small and scared and weak when I'm around my peers. I can only imagine the amazing things they've done that ill never even get a peek of: parties, drugs, sex, music, friendship, connection, purpose, victory, intimacy, I don't think ive ever even had a decent conversation with anyone not within my immediate family. Worst of all is how I see people improve, I've watched people who struggled with similar issues to me rise up and overcome them. Theyve gotten in shape, made friends, found a career path they like, became attractive... Ive tried to do all of that but failed utterly and completely every time. I've struggled against myself for years trying to turn my pathetic existance into something that could bring value to the world but I just can't do it. Something innate in me holds me back and keeps me in my place, at the bottom. Ive never won or achieved anything in my entire life and theres no reason to think that I will. I've been searching for years to find something I can be passionate about but everything I like I'm terrible at and everything else just bores me or makes me embarrassed. I've missed my window of opportunity for finding a normal, happy life. Now all I'm doing is running away from all the pain and regret I've earned like a damn coward.

 Ive tried therapy and meds, but they cant fix a problem that's not there. The problem isn't some chemicals in my brain or a traumatic childhood or whatever. It's Me, fundamentally me. Who I am is repugnant, useless and burdensome. I don't know when I broke or if I just came this way out of the box, but I cant imagine there's any way to fix it. You can't fix lazy, or unmotivated, or cowardly, or weak, or idealistic, or guilty or shameful. Some creations are beyond saving, so they should just be thrown in the trash to make room for something better. The trash is where I belong, let someone better than me take my place. 


 I'm not a victim of depression or anxiety, I'm an unlovable parasite who needs to be smashed and cut and burned and made to suffer before I'm snuffed out. Thats the only reason I haven't done it yet, I feel like I dont deserve a quick or painless way out. If I wasn't such a pussy I would go and light myself on fire or jump in a trash compactor or something. Maybe my life can be used as an example of what not to do, of how to become a disgusting, whiny virgin betamale who cries in his room during the biggest party holiday of the year. I had so many opportunities handed to me I must be the worlds biggest screw up to end up where I am. I'm at rock bottom right now and I don't think ill be getting back up.