I'm (24F) a burden on my family and it's making me suicialHi all, this is my first time posting so I apologize for any mistakes. I have been lurking on this subreddit for a while and thought that since I'm at such a low point in my life it really can't hurt to try and ask for advice.

I live with my single mother (50F) who has stuggled with mental health in the past but has a job at the moment (not very well paid though). My parents divorced when I was very young and I'm keeping some contact with him since I learned how to speak english since my father (55M) is an american citizen (I'm living in a non-english speaking country).

I have always struggled at school and the older I got the more difficulties I started having due to depression which led me to the current situation where I'm 24 and still a second year student at university, retaking the same classes and failing them each year because I just can't force myself to study something that seems meaningless and makes me unhappy. However I see no other alternatives, since frankly nothing makes me happy anymore. I feel nothing except a hollow pit in my stomach and question if it makes sense to continue living multiple times a day. I have been going to therapy for 3 years and it's done jack shit for me. I tried antidepressants and they just gave me a ton of side effects and very little benefit which with the price made them seem not worth it.

My mother wants me to finish my degree and says I will never get a job without it. I can't see myself keep doing this endless cycle of retaking and failing classes - frankly I expect the university to kick me out this time, because it's been going on for so long I don't imagine they'll keep giving me chances.

I'm doing a paid internship at a government agency but it's only until the end of this month. It's my first job. Mother says it's less important than my studies. I try to tell her I'm finally doing something that feels like it's actually useful but she keeps shooting my arguments down and telling me I need to focus fully on trying to finish my degree.

Like I said, I don't think there's going to be a degree to finish, since I need to write a petition to be allowed to retake classes and I think this time the petition will surely be rejected.

I had an idea to go to a programming course and learn to code since I think having a skill is more valuable than a useless linguistics degree, but she (my mother) says that I will never get a job without a degree and that I'm being a fool. This idea was the only thing that gave me some glimmer of hope and she stomped all over it.

To me this degree feels like it would just be a useless piece of paper I can wipe my ass with.

Sorry if this is rambling, I'm having a hard time forcing myself to type this since it just feels so pointless and stupid.

I guess I want to be useful to my mother and support our family but I can't do anything right and all I try to do is worthless so I'm considering just killing myself before everything comes crashing down.

PS. As for my father, he has no idea how bad it is, and since I barely talk to him (only a handful of times per year) he has an idea of what he expects me to do with my life, and that is to be a lawyer which is completely off the table but it's his pipedream he tried to push on me at some point.

 \*\*TL;DR;\*\* : I want to carry forward in life in such a way that will benefit my family but I'm too depressed to figure out what to do and mother is not giving me suggestions that I feel I can abide by; how do I solve this?