Feeling pretty low and just need to ventSorry in advance if this gets lengthy.

So I've attempted suicide multiple times in the past, thought I was past it until a couple of months ago. Was triggered by multiple family events that dredged up a bunch of emotions and left me emotionally wrecked and I went through the suicidal ideologies again. I was going to therapy twice a week but refused to take medication. (I worked too damn hard to get off the meds and I don't intend on going back on them any time soon - depression, anxiety, bipolar type 2 and fibromyalgia meds). 

I don't know how I did it but I kept going to uni, sat all my exams and somehow got really good marks. 

I went out to town with friends, drunk as a skunk to celebrate our end of trimester. 

It was an amazing night until they left. I didn't go with them, I stayed with a girl I had met that night until I eventually had to go to catch the last train. 

I got lost immediately and drunkenly went looking for places or people I recognised. 

Found one of my friend's exs and we started chatting. 
I was at least 14 drinks deep at this point.

What I remember: me asking the ex if the place he was working at was hiring staff, ex taking me to manager, manager kissing and sucking my neck (without my consent), me being in shock and freezing, me being terrified of making this man angry by pushing him away and just trying to keep him from getting angry at me. 

I ended up on that train as it slowly sunk in what had happened to me.
I was so jittery that I didn't feel safe being by myself so I found some security guards on the train and stayed with them.
I got off the train and tried to walk home at 1am. I fell over and could not get up. I had every intention of laying in the middle of the road and waiting until someone hit me. 

A taxi stopped by the road and took me home while I cried silently. 

My partner comforted me as much as he could when I got home but when I went into the bathroom, I saw my neck covered with hickeys/bruises. 

I reported it to the police. I have dealt with 4 different police officers over the past few weeks. The females did their jobs but they also comforted me and validated my thoughts/emotions. They offered me more counselling. 

The male I dealt with did his job. But he made me feel like I was the one to blame. He never said anything directly to suggest this but his tone of voice was always dismissive. He tried pursuading me to drop the formal complaint and he told me multiple times that I could be prosecuted if it was found that I lied in my statement. 

I have not wanted to kill myself so bad as I did after talking to this male police officer. Until today. 

Today I got a call from another officer who discussed some of the cctv footage that had been analysed. 
I was told that there is footage of me embracing the manager when he started kissing and sucking my neck.

I am...beyond disgusted with myself. 

Cheating is the worst thing a person can do to another person. I have been cheated on so many times in the past and I know how much it tears at a person. 

I would NEVER cheat on my partner. 

But there is footage of me embracing a stranger as they go at my neck. 

I would never ever have consented to this. Honestly, I was so drunk that I don't think I could have consented even if I had have wanted to. 

But there is no way I can prove beyond a doubt that I didn't give consent. 

I still have nightmares and I can still feel this man's lips on my neck and I still feel dirty.

My partner is beyond amazing and is supporting me the best he can.

I have dropped the complaint because I don't think I can survive going through a trial. 

I'm trying to just put it all behind me, I'm trying to not think about it, even trying to pretend it didn't happen. 

But I don't know how to live with myself.

It's not just the fact that I embraced this man initially, its the fact that I don't remember it. It's the fact that in my head I was screaming in horror. It's the fact that I can STILL feel this mans lips and facial hair on my neck and every time my partner goes to kiss me on the neck I cringe away. 

I don't know if I'm in immediate danger or not (I don't think I am) but I know I'm at the point where I just want everything to stop because I have had enough of it all. 

Sorry again for the length of the vent. 