I don't know why I want to kill myself so bad but I doHi, I was going to write this yesterday, but I was feeling muddleheaded. I will introduce myself, my name is Matthew, and I am 15, almost 16. I guess it all started back in the fall of 2011. In the summer, we just moved to Germany (my dad works for the government), and I was about to start school. I started into the 9th grade and went there for about a month, just over 4 weeks. Every day it got harder, I didn't know what exactly, but everything just seemed to crash in. One day I couldn't take it, and I told my mom. Another week past, and we decided that I was going to be homeschooled (online classes, really), for the rest of 9th grade. Homeschooling was terrible and throughout that whole year I wanted to kill myself, but I didn't know why. To many I had the dream life. Then last summer, (summer of 2012), I was done with homeschooling. we went to the states, and then came back to Germany about august 10th. I started 10th grade at another school. On the first day I knew I wasn't going to be able to take it anymore. On the second day of school, in the morning, I tried telling my mom and dad, but they wouldn't listen, they kept yelling at me to get ready and go. In the shower, I cut my wrist (I didn't have to get any stitches), and my mom took me to the local physiatrist. I told him I really wanted to kill myself. The next day (about august 19th, 2012), me and mom flew to the U.S. (I live in Germany, remember?). I was put in a mental hospital for 9 hours of the day. I did that for about a week. Next I took several mental and physiological tests that took about 2-3 months. Here were my results: they said I had very minor learning disabilities such as slow reading and other really low key stuff. They also said I have an anxiety disorder. Next, they sent me back to Germany. I have to see a therapist every week. We made a plan about how I wont have feelings to kill myself, I went back to 9th grade because of all the school I missed in the states, and I was sent back with HALF the course load of a normal 9th grader to lower my anxiety and my stress. I started about 4 weeks ago. I went and did school for 2 weeks, had my winter break, did it for another 4 days, and here I am wanting so badly to kill myself. I don't know why I want to kill myself so badly, but I know I really need to. Sometimes I try to think, "nothing is wrong, your safe, you have a lot of money, you have barely any school", but it doesn't work I always come back with plans of slitting my wrist in a warm bath with an exacto knife, or jumping off my apartment building head first, or jumping into a subway train, or straight up stabbing myself. Its 4:40 AM right now, and im fucked for tomorrow. What do I do? if I tell my mom that I want to kill myself, she will either 1; wont believe me and make me go to school, in which case I have no idea what to do, or 2; send me to the therapist, and she will make us go to the states again in the mental hospital. and boy I hated the mental hospital. 

I don't know why I feel so depressed, I have nothing to worry about. I try to believe that but I always want to kill myself. I feel so worthless, I don't even know what I believe anymore. although I don't think im going insane, I can think straight. im not having any hallucinations or anything like that.

Anyway, someone please tell me what to do. im out of options at this point. I suppose I can fake that im sick until the weekend, but then what? please tell me.