I need advice for a situation with my boyfriend.My boyfriend (we'll call him Drew) and I have been dating for almost a year, and we've known each other for two. We are both seniors in college. The entire time I've known him, he's been very hard on himself. His family sometimes makes fun of the weight he gained freshman year. He has also told me that his ex girlfriend used to make fun of his weight and other things. She was very Christian, and would make him feel guilty about things like enjoying drinking, enjoying sex, occasionally smoking, not being Christian, etc. Even now, these issues still sometimes come up. He came very close to attempting suicide once before, several years before we met. Every so often, he gets a bit depressed and very low, but never suicidal. Last semester, he started applying to grad schools. In the last month or so, he's had a favorable response from one, but not an acceptance yet. Of the others, he's been turned down from his first choice and a couple of others, and still hasn't heard back from two or three. I can tell he's stressing about this, but whenever I bring it up, he just shrugs it off. I have noticed an increase in his drinking.

Recently, we haven't be able to spend much time together. He's been very busy with school work, as have I. I also just got a new kitten, so I have to stay at my place every night with the stupid cat. Last night, my boyfriend's roommate (Jason) called me at 2 in the morning to ask if I knew where Drew was. Jason told me that Drew had a really bad nervous breakdown two days ago. Last night, he disappeared without his phone, didn't tell anyone where he was going, and Jason was very concerned. Jason was going to look for him and promised to keep me posted during the search. I immediately jumped in the car to go help. Fortunately, on the way there, I got a text from Jason saying he had seen Drew in one piece heading back to their dorm room, and that if I wanted to head up there he (Jason) would give us some space for a bit. I found my boyfriend just sitting on their balcony. I asked him if he was ok, if he wanted to talk about it, if he knew that I was here for him no matter what. All I got in response was short, vague yes's and no's. I asked him if it was about school, and he said yes. I brought him back to stay with me to keep an eye on him. 

Today, he's seemed better, but whenever I try to bring up last night or how he's feeling, he gets quiet and doesn't want to discuss it. I chose to respect that, since he's a very introverted person and I know that he'll talk when he wants to. However, while I was at my place and my boyfriend at his, my roommate (Rachel) came in to tell me that she had gotten a text from Drew, asking her about literary perspectives on suicide (she's an English major, so I guess that's why he went to her). I tried to call him several times, but was sent to voicemail. I texted him, saying that I knew he texted Rachel and I really wanted to talk to him. He texted back short, vague answers once again. All I got out of him was that he was ok, he was about to meet with his family, and he'd call me back when he was on campus again. 

Right now he's with his family. I'm not sure if he'll actually call me back or not. It depends on how the talk went. I'm waiting a little bit before I try calling again. I'm very concerned about him. I've never seen him in this state before. From comments he's made about his family, I don't really trust their ability to help him feel better. I've told him several times that I'm here for whatever he needs, anytime whatsoever. I've told him that I love him, his family loves him, his roommate obviously cares about him. I don't think any of it is sinking in. I'm not sure what to do at this point. If he's bad, I don't want to back off too much, but I also want to respect his space. I don't know that he's always honest with me about how he's feeling, though. This grad school thing has apparently been bothering him much much more than he's let on. I can't be sure that he's not just acting whenever he seems happier. Half of me feels certain that, no matter how bad it gets, he wouldn't do anything. The other half of me knows that I have to take this seriously. I've also been very depressed in the past; I know this isn't something to take lightly.

I love him so much. He's my best friend, and it hurts to see him in so much pain. I want to help him so badly. Any advice on where to go from here, or where not to go, would be greatly appreciated.