My life's been getting better but so much shit from my past keeps bringing me down hard.Reaching out here for anyone to talk to ive never really entertained the idea of doing it until today. A little backstory for you guys. I grew up in a pretty emotionally abusive household up until I was 14 (Mom's asshole boyfriend) they would constantly fight and I would always hide from it either in my room or with my friends. My dad was never really around and im still unsure of all the details why (not sure my mom is being honest about what happened with him). All of this plus going to a pretty strict private school made me very shy and socially awkward during my high school years. 


You can imagine all the things that go along with that (being bullied, never talked to girls, going out with people, etc). Well after I graduated high school I decided to make a change for myself. I changed up my look and put myself out there. I rekindled my friendship with my old friends who used to talk shit about me and started going out with girls. I attended community college for a little bit eventually transferring to a big university (I'm scheduled to move there in the fall). My life seemed to be going great, but little things that have happened recently along with me being naturally depressed all the time have really made me feel fucking awful. 



It all started with my 21st birthday couple months back. I got really hammered and made a fool out of myself which caused me to be very depressed. I'm normally the most depressed around my birthday but this situation caused my depression to go crazy. I was able to alleviate this depression by finally getting the balls to ask out a friend who ive had feelings for a long time. She said yes and we dated for a month and half until she called it off saying she doesn't share the same feelings I do. I understood completely and even though I was really bummed out we remained friends. This caused me to be depressed again for a bit and I tried various things to get over the whole situation. I even lost my virginity to someone else which I thought would help, but it only made me feel more depressed. Add unto this I recently got a new boss at work which has turned a job I used to love to go to into something I hate. He is very insulting to me and treats me like dirt and I feel miserable going in.  



Another thing I should add in is that I have had no family support my entire life and the only person Iv'e been able to confine any of my feelings to is my best friend who Iv'e known since I was 6. I never told him these things that are bothering me but still it was always nice to have that option until recent events that occurred. Last night me and him were heading home from a party and randomly out of the blue he started snapchatting that girl I dated and kept showing me the conversation. It eventually led to him joking about how easy it would be to get with her and he kept teasing me saying he would do it. He knows everything about my history with this girl and although I know I have no control over the situation it really hurt me for him to say these things so randomly. I kept telling him to stop but he kept on saying why cant I you guys arent dating and that Im just jealous. 




Now the thing is I don't think he went through with it and was just fucking with me (we both have a dark since of humor and we always mess with each other), but still it was clearly evident that he could if he wanted to. This off coarse brought all of my feelings I had squashed months ago all flowing back and I just feel so pathetic. I wont be able to get away from this either because were all in the same friend group and we see each other at least once a week. With everything else that has happened this event is what finally broke me down. It's not that I care if shes with someone else it's that my best friend the one who I trust the most was just so trivial with how I felt and now things are going to be really awkward for me no matter if I talk it out or not. I woke up today and Iv'e never felt worse in my entire life. That shotgun in my closet has never looked so appealing before and I don't know what to do, I just feel so hurt from everything that has been weighing in on me.  