I've tried so hard.Hello, throwaway account because there's people from my life that know my reddit username and sometimes check on my post activity. This is a wall of text. I apologize, but I feel it couldn't be any shorter. I also want to thank anyone who simply takes a moment out of their time to read it.

Right now, I don't feel suicidal. In the past I have, there's stuff that happens to me in real life that trigger it, and I start thinking how much more comfortable I would feel, with no more uncertainty, feeling *calm* and in control, because I did what I had to do to make it al stop. I do not like these thoughts, and fortunately they're not *that* frequent or intense, but the frequency and intensity of these thoughts increase every time they come back because something happened.

So, a bit of background on me...

* I'm a 24 year old male, heterosexual, from a south american country. I wouldn't call myself an introverted, but I am quiet, serious and don't go out much because I lack the money, so most of my free time is spent playing videogames or reading. I consider myself to be intelligent, but I'm an underarchiever.

* I've been in a relationship (if you can still call it that) since September 2009. Like every relationship, it has had it's up and downs, however, the more time passes by, the more the downs outnumber the ups.

* I started college in March 2012, which means I should be studying 9th semester. However, due to the country's shitty situation, the college teachers often go on strike, which makes my graduation date get delayed and gets me depressed, which makes me fail some classes, which delays me even more.

* I don't work. There's no point in that, any wage I could get would be worth nothing the next day. I do some random stuff for people (transcriptions, translations, haxing a video game console, checking if everything is ok with a pc) to get some money for me to expend on myself, but luckily for me, my parents got me covered on stuff like food or health. I still live with them, which is common in this country, and unless I leave the country, I'll never be able to afford rent or a house.

So, now for the part that got me here... I feel like a failure. To myself, to my parents, to my girlfriend.

Since 2009 I've wasted my time. Plenty of it. I have about 10000 hours in Dota, 2000 in CS:GO, 4000 in Skyrim, and who knows how much time I've spent playing other games,  watching shit on YouTube or surfing the web reading stuff. I could've spent all that time studying, or making money to get out of this shithole of a country, but I didn't. Luckily, my parents are supportive. There's not much I could be doing to improve my situation, money-wise, because the country is an economic dissaster. My dad said he'd help me move out to Spain so I can get my college degree, but getting the paperwork done is expensive as fuck, and also consumes a lot more time. But well, just thinking of how much time I've wasted, just like that, triggers some nasty thoughts on me. *You're a failure, you're never going to graduate, you'll never be able to leave your parent's house, you'll never get to own or rent a place for yourself*, which turn into * it would be SO much easier if I suddenly died. I wouldn't let my parents down anymore.*

The bit about my relationship is actually what hits me harder. I deeply love this girl, she's the best thing, and in a way, not the worse but a bad thing, that has ever happened to me. When we started dating it felt like magic for both of us. She made me change, a lot, and in a good way, for example, I loved to troll people and make them feel inferior by outsmarting them, or proving how dumb they were. She made me notice how bad that was, she helped me understand how others felt, she suggested me ways of doing things so I wouldn't hurt others. I changed, not because that she manipulated me, but because I agreed that she was right, and it was the right thing to do. We also have plans to leave the country and go to Spain, however she'd be doing a master on the east side of the country and I'd be finishing my degree on the west side of it.

However, there's one bit of a thing that is hurting the relationship, and I'm somewhat responsible. As I said, I'm quiet. I like going out, having some fun, going to the beach, whatever, but to me it doesn't compare to being home, reading or playing a videogame. She's somewhat the opposite: She likes being out, and only stays in if she can't help it. This has led her to consider filling that emotional void I leave her with, with other people. She starts hanging out with some other guy friend that is more loud, that can make her laugh more. I notice what's going on, I confront her, she denies, I proceed to invade her privacy by checking her phone or Facebook to find evidence of things that are quite evident to me just out of body language (I'm not proud of it, more on that later), find what I'm looking for, then feel like a piece of shit because if I didn't really trust her, I should just simply break up with her. I confront her about what's going on, she comes clean, her story matches what I found during my research, I confess what I did, then we're fine for a couple months.

This has happened with 3 different guys in the last 3 or 4 years. The last guy is a friend of her who I had started to grow fond of. I, like the other times, confront her about the thing, confess that I again hacked her WhatsApp backups to find what I was looking for and how much of a shit I felt after doing that, but that there's no point in hiding that kind of stuff to me when I know her so much to just be able to tell when she lies about something (even if it's stuff like "there's traffic, I'll be 5 minutes late" her tone gives her away). She explains the same to me. I'm too serious. He's a more funny person. She's trying not to but she can't avoid feeling attracted to a person funny like that. I later spoke to the guy, and he told me something along the lines of "man, I know what I'm doing it's not fair to you, but I'm not the one who makes the call on who she's with. She does". And damn, that felt like a punch to the stomach with an iron fist, because I knew that was the truth.

She says she loves me. That she has never, or would never fuck or kiss or hold hands with other guy because I'm the one who makes her feel safe, that she knows I wouldn't cheat on her, that I wouldn't let her down, that I would leave no stone unturned if she needed help on anything. But she complains that there's stuff that she doesn't like about me, there's stuff we don't have much in common, yadda yadda. And well, every time this kind of sittuation has happened, the thoughts come back. "You're not worth her. She would be happier alone than with you. She'll do so much better without you in her life."

I've tried so hard to make her happy, in any way I could. I don't see what else could I do, beside becoming someone I am not.

A few hours ago, we spoke on the phone. She said she wanted a couple of weeks without seeing or calling each other. That she needed to test how would she feel without me around, to see if she would miss me, if she would want to talk to me, to have me around

I fear that she won't. I fear that these 7 years by her side would become nothing but dust on the wind, old memories and photographs. I fear that I will become worthless to the person I love most on the world. But most of all, I fear the thoughts. That they come back, stronger, and that I will give in.