I'm giving up. I cannot see a better future.I blame myself. I cannot take responsibility for myself. All this text is just glyphs that are assigned meaning. I have never been able to maintain a normal lifestyle - I just lurk most nights on here or 4chan or play video games because I find real life to hard to swallow. I'm a 27 y/o male at home with his parents, I abused cannabis in my youth trying to self medicate for depression since I was young, I fear I still have it now. My parents are getting older and I still can't provide for myself like a real man should. I'm in my childhood bed in a box room. I feel like having one last big blow out then offing myself because I don't think life will get better. The docs prescribed me medication for anxiety and depression but I don't take it. I fear homelessness and what happens when my parents are gone, I really do. I haven't felt better for years and I think I could be clinically depressed or BP or BPD. I don't want anyone to be inside my head because it's constantly filled with worry and suicidal thoughts. I wish life had turned out different, but it hasn't. I've stopped smoking, drinking and any drugs but I still can't function normally. All my friends have cars and good incomes and their independence and I have failed due to the constraints inside my head and the way I'm wired. My cousins are rich but don't want to know. I'm so angry at the world and the housing crisis and needing lots of money to survive. I just want to engage in escapism until my parents pass then off myself. I hate this capitalist dystopia. 

All that matters is having money and what your economic output is. I can't work up the courage to off myself yet but I will find a painless way. Even if I did get a job I fear so many hypothetical scenarios where I would lose my job and become homeless. I refuse to live in such a cruel world, I am insulated from it for now but not forever. I haven't defeated my depression for a decade but I know it's going to beat me. Take responsibility for yourself. People don't like others that can't take responsibility for themselves. I regret so so much in this life.