I can't find a reason to smile anymore.Here I am, on a Wednesday night, the day before the big test, and I can't study.

My mind runs rampantly and bewildering thoughts of love and warmly filled hearts break in my sight. I can't do it anymore. The break-up hurts. All break-ups hurt like fuck. Usually I'm more eloquent in delivering a dirge of some sort, but I can't find the words to justify anything beautiful in a break-up. It was her. The entire time, it was her that kept my mind sane, my heart beating, and my fingers typing away stories after stories. She was everything to me. She had the charisma of a puppy awaiting to see its owner, the intelligence of a thousand books, and a smile that even the sun could not brighten more. I miss her. I miss her and I miss every single bit of her. 

She introduced me to the most beautiful of concepts - scientific puns.

She made me understand that a smile is the best thing ever. A smile... her smile. Was my best thing.

She was all I had and all I could ever shoulder. She gave me the deliverance that I so lacked from my atheistic beliefs.

And now. It's empty. Imagine a shell that was filled with a slug. And that slug, after months of using that shell for support, cover, and as a home finds a new one. And that shell loses everything. It fed off the slug giving it meaning. 

Maybe that's a dirt-poor, pissful shit of an analogy, but I feel nothing else compares. What is it about happiness that makes it so fragile and brittle? What is about happiness that shuns away all realities of sadness? Why do I have to go through this?

For anybody reading this, you may not understand how I feel. You may even mock me, tear my words apart with grinning cynicism,  and maybe even resonate with me. It hurts. Imagine a loved one. A mom, dad, grandma, brother, sister, boyfriend, girlfriend, a best friend... just leaving you. No. More than that. Imagine having the closest relationship with them - one that's sprawled with intimacy beyond comparison with any concept or objective understanding. A damn real connection. Imagine that taken away. Taken all fucking away. And not just taken, but taken with a damn vengeance and taken without any justification or remorse. It fucking hurts. It just hurts like hell. I remember mocking all teenage angst-themed books and laughing about how I couldn't possibly sympathize with them. But. Fuck. FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK. 

FUCK IT ALL. 

For the last ten fucking years I've been a damn happy kid, not worrying about grades, finance, nor love. I've known "love" vicariously and I've learned about it objectively, but I didn't imagine myself falling in love and losing it this badly. I am fucked. It just fucking hurts. I LOVED HER. Before her, everything else was a damn immature experiment. She was real; tangible; holdable; completely soothing to every one of my whimsical fucking moods. And now. Now I can't even find the damn courage to look at my math text book and read to distract myself. 

FUCK. I don't know what to do. I don't know what the fuck to do. 

I know it's a long read and I know you guys can't possibly understand my feeling bereavement, but this... this entire fucking thing is just too much. I've never contemplating suicide, but this is the closest I feel to suicide. Even now I wish I could just get behind a car and let it go. Let everything fucking go. Just let... everything fucking go. 

Please. I need somebody to talk to. I'm... so fucking desperate for something to look forward to.