I hate this feelingThis is gonna be kinda long i think, so sorry about that. I'm an 18 year old guy that graduated from high school about 2 months ago. About half a year ago i started to feel not like myself. I was really sensitive to things that normally wouldn't bug me, i constantly felt like shit and my life started to just get worse in general, so i went to a doctor and learned that im chemically imbalanced and that im technically depressed. I started going to therapy and taking medication to see if it would help but it hasn't been doing too much. Around the same time that i started feeling like shit i lost all my friends and then about a month ago my girlfriend, the last person i had in my life, broke up with me. She had GAD and also had bad depression too and thought it would be good for both of us too work on feeling better for the time being. At the time i was hurt that we weren't going to be together but i thought it was a smart idea. A week after this i got into a bad fight with her and we ended up no longer talking to one another with the last thing she said was after we started to feel better i was hoping we could get back together which stung because that's what i was hoping too but now we don't talk to each other and the few time i have she seemed uninterested and a little angry at me. I miss her more than anything and i've just been trying to move past her but i just can't. I have zero friends and every now and then i'll go to a party or something and everyone's drinking and shit and i don't do any of that and it makes me feel like an outcast or even more of one then i already am. My medication doesn't really work cuz i always feel like shit and my mind is constantly full of thoughts of me ending it and i really wish i could but im too afraid to actually try. I'm all alone, i wish i had friends, i miss my girlfriend, i wish i could stop feeling like shit or just finally work up the courage to hang myself or something. I just want relief. 
I feel like shit, why now, if my depression is genetic then why wait 18 years for it to happen. I feel like i'm just being a bitch and it makes me want to kill myself even more. I can't take this, i want to be my old self, i wanna be normal, dear god please just put an end to all of this.