TiredI feel drained and I don't know why. I think about other people who have it worse than me and continue with their lives and I wonder how. I really thought I was getting better. I'm not entirely sure what's wrong with me but I really really thought I was getting through it. I started high school again and I did well in the first semester. And then I got sad again. I know it wasn't for no reason but I also know that if I could be just a little stronger emotionally I wouldn't sabotage myself, I wouldn't be so hurtful to my family or so negligent towards my friends. It's not like I don't try to work on myself or look for solutions but in the last two years I've become so weak. It seems like any little thing tips me over to the point I need to ruin at least one thing in my life. Sometimes it can be fixed but usually not fully. I feel like a horrible person all the time. I really think I am. I know I'm kind and polite for the most part but I also know I'm stubborn and bratty and I can be really mean to my family. 
I don't know why I came out so angry. I've always been so angry and nothing ever satisfied me, I cried all the time and I still do. 
I guess it's just easier to say I was born angry than to admit I'm a brat. 
I was so mean and ungrateful and now I'm just bitter.
If I was just nicer and less stubborn I know that my family wouldn't be as broken as it is now. 
All I had to do was be nice. Or at least happy. Even now that's all I need to do but I don't. 
I just feel so guilty because when I think about the problems that happened when I was younger they always seemed to be caused by me. My parents arguing, my siblings fighting, or even things that happened to myself. I'm always the cause. 
Now that my sister has gone a little crazy, my family probably thinks we're both demons but she's not. Only I am. 
All I had do was be nice to her but I've always been so narcissistic. I only paid attention to myself.  I was so mean to her. I remember once she wanted to read a book I hadn't touched for months and I took it back and got mad at her. And I think wow one of the biggest reasons I never fell into her crowd was because I liked and what if I had just let her read that book what difference would it made. There are so many moments where if I had just been a little less selfish or a little more happier I could've prevented so many conflicts. 
 I have some reason to be sad or angry but I'm 17 almost 18 and I know I can't keep blaming everyone for my shitty personality. 
I'm so hopeful about the future. I've always been. Even during the most depressing year of my life I still was hopeful. I just don't know how long I can deal with myself and everything in my life just running on hope. I'm so tired. Im not sleeping again and I constantly feel like throwing up. I feel so drained and as if I'm going to faint. I'm such a loser. I really never thought I'd be the person I am today. I can't even finish high school. I have no talents. No interests. My family finds me annoying or they hate me or both. I have good friends but I know i burden them alot and I know if I died they'd be okay. 
I just feel so lost and alone. I'm anxious and I never feel in control of myself. I just wish I was better person. I wish I was smart and pretty and talented and I wish I was kinder and braver and stronger. I wish I had been more selfless. 
I just hate so many things.  I hate myself. I hate my family. I hate how cruel the world can be and the fact that if there is a god then all the evil in the world was planned and how if there isn't one it means that that's just how the world is 
I don't know what I'm typing Im not in control right now. I don't even know what I mean. I'm just typing cause I'm scared.  I feel so weird. I feel like this morning. Not in control distant. I almost fainted. I think it was my body fighting my brain I was nervous and before i cut deep enough I got fuzzy and tingly and I don't think I was out for more than two seconds but when I came to and my head was clear I felt okay again. I left the college and went home. I want to stab myself. I always feel like stabbing myself. I'm not afraid to anymore. I just don't want to be alone but I don't know how I'd stab myself in front of ppl. Its too much attention and there's a bigger possibility of being stopped. I would take pills but I've heard it doesn't always work. I just want to die and I think I'm becoming less scared to. I don't really care about what I'm leaving. Mostly just what could happen if I didn't but Ive become to weak to tough it out til then. I'm also starting to see through the lie of toughing jt out until whatever "then" is. I'm mostly afraid of what comes after death but I'm starting to learn to just accept whatever happens because it's going to happen anyways. I'm curious though and I think that makes me less scared cause at least I'll have the answer to one of the world's toughest questions.  I'm so tired but I don't want to stop typing cause I'm so scared. I'm so scared I'm so scared please I just want to be loved I just want to do something good and I think the most selfless thing I'll do in my life is kill myself. I really think it'll be soon j really want it to be tonight. I like to believe in the 12:34 myth. How if u see that time it means you're currently on the right path and j see it right now and I don't know. I'm tired. My head's cloudy again and j feel fuzzy injsut want to die I hate everything about myself.  I'm not good and I deserve to die. I messed up alot  and I'm such an evil person. I wrecked so many things and by being alive I am such a. Burden. I just want to die and I think I'm going to rn.