I have everything ahead of me except happinessHello.

I don't know why I'm posting this.  Nothing anyone says can help, but I suppose some small part of my psyche is hoping that something someone says will give my soul a grand revelation and banish its darkness.  I don't believe that's true, but that's the only reason I can think of why I would do this.

I have everything ahead of me.  I'm 23.  I'm decent looking.  I've gained a little weight since starting my desk job, but I'm in the process of losing it back.  I recently broke up with my girlfriend, who was almost perfect, for no reason at all except that I was miserable for no reason.  But I could find someone else eventually.  I have a great job for my age in a Fortune 30 company, make great money, have great career growth potential.  I have the sweetest dog in the world.

The only thing I don't have and can never have is happiness.  I have never been truly happy, ever, in my entire conscious existence.  I can experience brief moments of the emotion, but long-term contentedness is something out of my reach, something purely academic for me.  It is impossible for me to be happy the way everyone else can.

I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder before, which only further confirms this fact.  They gave me drugs to fix it.  It took a long time for the doctor to supposedly find a combination that "worked".  I guess it did.  It turned me into a happy drone.  It killed the only part of me that was worth anything, my passion, and it turned me into something unimpressive and unextraordinary.  I knew I'd lost something.  Eventually there was enough of me left to overcome this and to stop killing myself with their soul-suppressing drugs.  I've considered going back, but I don't really care.  Both have the same outcome: suicide and going back on drugs.  Either way, I die.

Even though I'm incapable of experiencing happiness, the opposite isn't true.  I don't also suffer from psychopathy, unfortunately, which I often think would be much more merciful.  I feel huge depths of depression which I can't even begin to describe to someone who has never felt depressed.  I've tried before.  It never works.  I'm not going to bother trying again.

I've tried to commit suicide three times.  The first time was half-hearted, and I couldn't follow through.  The second time I certainly would have been successful, but someone stopped me.  The third time, I became so overwhelmingly bored and unimpressed with my own suicide attempt that I just gave up.  That's how bad it is.  My own suicide doesn't even strike me as particularly significant anymore.

I had it in me to be someone great in this world.  I betrayed that.  I am now nothing.  Not only am I nothing, but I am an irrevocably miserable nothing.  I have decided that I will spend the next several hours researching the best way for me to go about killing myself this time, and this time I will succeed.

It's funny.  I think I started this as a subconscious cry for help, but now, having finished writing this stream of consciousness, I don't even want it.  I really am ready to check out.