This is the only time I've ever told anyone, the only reason why I feel safe telling you all this is because I don't know any of you.I've been depressed on and off for about five years or so, I'm twenty two now. It all started when I was younger, I've never been a good looking guy always overweight and pretty average intelligence. I would end up falling for any girl that was even slightly nice towards me, and me being the hormone enraged teen I was my mind was very focused on sex. My parents always taught me to treat women with respect which I did, in person, but when I was alone on the internet I did certain things I'm not proud of, certain things that have led me to try to kill myself on several accounts. You see I would ask random, and girls I knew, if they masturbated. I know some people wouldn't think that's that bad, but it's eaten me alive ever since I did it when I was younger. I kept moving forward though, soon I started smoking weed (among other drugs) and drinking heavily to make me forget, it got so bad to the point where I was drinking at least half a bottle to a bottle of any liquor I could get my hands on a night. I felt good for a while though, had friends that didn't know about what I've done and all we ever did was hang out and smoke weed, it was fun, as much fun as it could get I suppose. Well soon they figured out what I had done, past always comes back to haunt you I suppose, and I lost most to all of them as friends. It doesn't bother me really that I don't have any friends or girlfriend or anything like that for the matter. What really bothers me is the fact that I was so rude, so distasteful, so inappropriate towards those women. I really truly am a waste of skin and it's led me to try and kill myself more times than I can count, even now thinking about all this makes me just want to try and hang myself for about the tenth time (I usually chicken out, rope broke twice on me) I know my family would miss me but really they're the only ones. I hate myself more than anyone can imagine. I really do think my life will eventually end by my own hands...