I don't think I can make it anymore.My boyfriend left me about a month ago. We had been together about three and a half years, half of that time apparently he had spent mentally checking out of the relationship while I was just falling more and more in love with him. We still live together, for the next few weeks, anyways, and I am trying to hard to get along so maybe things can be somewhat like they were before, but I am so deep into my own depression and anxiety or possible bipolar disorder that I can't even act like myself. I am paranoid that he is sleeping with all girls he has contact with, even though logically I know that is nothing like him. I'm making all these crazy accusations and literally just acting so out of my mind because I have no other way to cope that it's easier to just fight and let him pay me attention that way than it is to be passive and meager and sit in the home we have brought together and seethe about the situation.

I do not want to kill myself. I am actually scared to. I am logical and fluid and sensible, despite the depression. But I feel like that is the only option at this point. He just wants me out of his life, and while I know that doesn't mean I need to kill myself, I feel like that's the best thing for me to do because I am driven by relentless compulsion to just be on his ass all the time and I am ruining his life. 

I've struggled so hard with being "crazy" and being physically sick, and I am so grateful that he gave me the strength that he did for so long. I've had three things that have had me holding on this long : him, our dog and "our"/my nephews. He's gone. I know he'd take care of the dog if something happened to me. My nephews are small enough that they would not remember me, and I would specially detail that I did not want them to know the truth about me until they were at least adults. I am literally out of things to hold on to. I love my friends and family, and call me selfish, but they are not enough.

My depression is much worse at night, and I actually don't tend to feel like this during the day very often, but I've noticed that it never really leaves now. I'm not my normal self during the day anymore. I had a dream the other day that I walked off a bridge. Instead of having that sinking feeling in my stomach, I had a feeling of relief, and that's how I know it's almost my time. 

He promised me we could have one more good day together before I left. (I'm supposed to be moving out and transferring schools.) Not sure when that'll be yet, but I think that'll be my last day. I'll be working on coming to peace with the situation and trying to make these past few days we have together count.

I love him so much, y'all. I can't do this on my own. 