Just Need someone to talk toOver the past year i broke my leg and was on codeine (pain medication) for around 4 months, a month before I came off the medication I was taking 17 a day (maximum they recommend is 8), by this point I was completely addicted and couldn't function without it. Around this time my girlfriends mum died after a short battle with cancer and my girlfriend was completely devastated as you would expect. For the next 6 months up until the beginning of June this year I was constantly there for her whilst battling my own depression after my codeine prescription expired from which I've only recovered from around a month ago. 2 weeks later in the middle of June my girlfriend split up with me, her reasons being I didn't, from her point of view, try hard enough to find a new job after I was laid off after I broke my leg and I stayed in too much. Both of these things are true but at that time I was so depressed I didnt want to leave the house and finding a job was just another level of impossible due to the mental state I was in at the time. Since we split up I have gone off the rails a little bit, I was with her for 2 years and to be honest I never considered the thought of it ending and she ended it over text which absolutely crushed me. So, this past month I've been making up with Lost time with my mates who I haven't seen in around 6 months but I've been doing cocaine on weekdays with a friend and drinking extremely excessively whenever I feel like it. Last night was not a good night for me, I went out with friends and took some drug which in not entirely sure what it was but when I eventually got home I had a massive panic attack and thought i was going to die, I have no-one I can talk to about this and suicide is legitamately becoming the best option for me in my view. I feel like I have lost absolutely everything and I don't want to continue covering up how hurt I am with drugs and alcohol I just want it to end. I don't want to take my own life and it's my absolute last resort but everyday I wake up it seems like a better and better idea, I don't want to put my family and friends through it but I can't go on like this any longer I've had enough.

If anyone cares at all and is willing to just talk to me for a while I would really appreciate it, I don't want any special advice I just need someone to talk to hopefully clear my head of all these horrible thoughts.