It's always hardest in the morning.Every morning, I wake up with suicidal thoughts. "No, I don't want to do this anymore. I hate my life, I want to die!" are usually the first words out of my mouth. But I always seem to get up and go to work.

I wonder if today is the day I go to the gun store, buy a pistol, drive out to some remote location, watch the sunset for the last time and then put myself out of existence.

As I mentioned in my first post, I know that these feelings don't come from a rational thought process. But I can't help thinking of awful things I've done in my past that make me feel like I'm a horrible person that's not worthy of living. I won't go through all my sins here, but some of them are pretty bad. Unforgivable in my opinion. But they weigh on my mind everyday and I know there's nothing I can do about them.

Everyone I talk to says I'm a good person, with a bright future and lots of potential. But I feel like I'm squandering all of that, I feel like I should be much farther ahead in my life than I am now. I'm currently 36, have a steady job and can support myself. But I feel like I'm better than what I'm doing, that I'm trapped in mediocrity when I should be rising above.

I have no love life to speak of, but that is by choice. For some reason I have chosen solitude. Which I used to think was liberating, and for years I was happy to keep my own company at home. But now, I do nothing when I get home from work and wonder if I've made the wrong choices and there is no one out there left for me to love unconditionally.

The day-in-day-out drudgery of my current job of almost 9 years is also a source of great conflict. I'm good at what I do, but I want to break away and do something meaningful in my life. But I'm afraid that since I have no degree, I won't be able to find another job that will pay me what I need to survive. I feel like I'm stuck in this never ending loop where I do the same thing, day-after-day, with no meaning outside getting a paycheck so I don't become homeless or starve to death.

The thought of growing old alone is also starting to weigh on my mind. I have a good number of friends, but have lost a lot of really good ones due to stupid mistakes I made in the past. And I know that my current relationships won't last forever, they never do in my experience. One day, I'll be old, alone all the time with no family or friends left. 

I know that if I exited this life now, I would leave behind dozens (if not hundreds) of people who would be devastated by my loss. And honestly, that's one of the main reasons I don't go through with it. But I don't know how long that can last, especially when they fall away - like they always do.

To sum up, I guess I'm suicidal because I am. All my problems aren't really that bad, except in my mind. And sometimes I feel guilty for being suicidal when reading this sub, because some people have it so much worse than I do. I wish I could just wake up in the morning happy to be alive rather than wanting to die. 