I did the "do something crazy/run away/start a new life" advice you guys always give. Still want to die.I'm 24, been suicidal since I was 12. I want to die for a multitude of reasons. I'll just give a quick summary since it's not really the point of this post. I have basically no family, drug addict dad who sexually assaulted me is dead, siblings are in prison for life, few friends, poorly educated/poor job prospects because I dropped out of college due to constantly being suicidal, in student loan/credit card/medical debt, can't even drive because nobody ever showed me and was always too poor to afford to pay for classes, gay, first and probably only boyfriend cheated/abused me, and much more.

Anyway, I think my case for suicide is pretty clear cut. I simply have nothing good going for me and tons of bad. I also have no realistic pathway of getting out of this shit because I'm so deep in the hole already and there's absolutely nobody willing to help me out of it. It's not about depression, which I don't have (at least not anymore), just logic and rational thinking. It's sometimes best to cut your losses or fold your hand. I'm a total waste of space and what little potential I had was squandered. I'm not even in a position to have modest dreams and likely never will be.

Anyway, I nearly killed myself at the end of 2016, but decided right before I blew my brains out that I guess I might as well try the cliche advice that everyone always says in the title. I always scoffed at it, but I had LITERALLY nothing to lose, so whatever. And I figured it would be better to go out with a bang. So I travelled 3,000 miles on a bus and spent some time being homeless. After a few months of homelessness I managed to find a place to stay. Unfortunately, there really was no point to this. I still want to die. I don't actually regret doing it since the experience was kind of fun and interesting, but it fixed absolutely none of my problems. Sure, seeing new sights, experiencing different culture, and meeting new people was an interesting experience, but did it fix my irredeemable life, shitty circumstances, horrible luck, toxic past, and bleak future? Absolutely not. 

So yeah, that's that. Nobody can say I didn't try. I'll be leaving within the next couple days. I tried my best, but sometimes your best isn't good enough. Life just never gave me a fair chance and this was unavoidable. Death is inevitable anyway, so I don't see anything wrong with expediting the process if you have nothing to look forward to in life.

P.S. Giving myself a chemical lobotomy (antidepressants) or telling someone about my problems who is paid to pretend to care (a therapist) isn't going to work. I know because I've already tried both multiple times. Neither of those will change the objective facts that my life is and always will be shit. Suicide is the logical response to this conclusion.