I can't end it, but I want to.Hello, i'm sixteen years old and everyday that passes by, it becomes easier for me to accept suicide. The reason behind it is, I have had a long history of emotional abuse,anxiety,depression. Since middle school I have hated the way I looked, the way I felt but I always went to school with a fake smile and acted out as if nothing was wrong with my life. I get so self-conscious of how I present myself to others that I am now isolating myself so I do not have to deal with that problem anymore.

I started thinking about suicide during my first year of high school because I had a friend who would talk about that all the time. He is still alive today and is the smartest guy I know, I consider him to be my best friend. During those times he worried me a lot and kept saying he'll do it and how'd he do it. I never told anyone because it all started out as a joke but I don't know if he was trying to send out a message or wanted attention. Eventually everything went back to normal, still trying to get by every single day, trying to live with myself.

My mom and dad have always been supportive of me, always cared for me when I was hurt. Now I am bringing them into problems by being truant and running away from my problems. What I mean is I do not like public school, I hate it. Everyday I go it makes me tense and fear overcomes me. I hate to admit it but I realized that I may have been bullied from time to time by the people I cared about and other insignificant people that entered my life.

Back to the truancy thing my mom is going to court because of me. I keep telling her that it's not her fault but mine, but she keeps insisting that it's her responsibility and she has to take me to school. I don't want to go. I forgot to mention my parents are divorced and during those times I was a little kid too ignorant to know what was happening. Throughout the years I blamed myself, my mom, my dad kept asking myself why we couldn't be a happy family like my cousins and friends.

My dad has entered my problems now and is threatening me to take me to a reformatory because he thinks I don't know whats going on, what my actions are doing to other people. I already know what's going to happen and that's why i'm sad and scared. For the longest time I was under the notion that a beautiful girl would come and save me from my problems and we would fall in love and everything would get better. That never happened, and i'm too scared that whoever I speak to at school will think i'm a fool and i'm just another a self conscious teenager that has the same problems as anyone else. It makes me feel like i'm nothing.

Everything I wrote here are just some things that I happened to think of while writing this. I couldn't get my thoughts straight because right now i'm overcome d by fear, that the school will call my mother and ask her why i'm not there. I want these 2 years to pass so I can stop living this hell and start a new. Ofc I don't see a future for me right now and just me killing myself to end my problems that i'm creating for myself by not going to school and for my parents. I choose to forget everything that happened in the past and I didn't really write much about that here. just my current situation I feel like i have abandoned everything I loved and cared about for my own selfish wants and needs, I hate myself for that and I want to end it.