Guess I'm Back...Wow. it's been awhile since i've been on this website... guess i haven't needed it till now. So i'm going to try to make this somewhat short. Basically I just needed to tell someone.. because so far everyone that I come to and tell them my secrets they end up hating me. Including one of my closest friends who stated that all my friends hated me and that they actually talked behind my back all the time. I found out that she was really telling the truth- we dont like each other any more and I've actually started to quickly hate her more and more. But i've also made new friends but because of all my old friends, who I still miss here and there, I've grown to have horrible trust issues. I'm not really sure why those old friends hate me. but i dont really talk very much to them any more- and i've started to keep my guard up when it comes to my feelings. I've only told 3 people that I cut or that I actually hate myself and my life (I dont cut any more) and like i said non of which are still my friends. I keep everything bottled up because i know if I tell anyone anything that they'll judge me. 
      I can't really take it anymore so I decided to write this, telling anyone who's curious-or cares how I feel. So basically I feel like i'm just not good enough. Like I dont have good enough clothes- good enough body weight- good enough hair- good enough grades- good enough personality. I can't afford to pay for all the new in style clothes, my family's getting sued for quiet a bit of money through my dad's business and we just can't afford the things we used to. Plus it's putting a lot of stress on my parents who tend to fight very often now... I used to hear them talking about getting a divorce, but i haven't lately. (Everyone in my dad's business got sued, but the company covered everyone but my father) 
         Also in my school you're either very skinny or you're overweight... and i'm not overweight, but i'm definitively not as skinny as my friends- though I am very athletic. All the girls I hang out with have a flat stomach while I don't. 
        I guess the real problem is my past is really coming back to me- the long nights just wanting my life to be over, the scars on my arms, legs, and hips, the weeks of starvation to look skinny, and the nights I would cry myself to sleep; and the fact that i've just been getting a lot of hate lately has just added on to everything.
       I also think my mom is suffering with depression- she talks a lot about how much she hates her life, how much there isnt any happiness in her life and when she was fighting with my dad she would cry herself to sleep a lot.
      I just feel hopeless like nothing will ever get better. I barely remember what it feels like to be truly happy! All i feel is anxious and sad.
