Is there more to life?Day in and day out I'll go to work, acquiring funds and then buying unnecessary garbage and services just to justify my suffering at that said job. At my age, I'm too old to switch careers so I'm stuck in this soul crushing industry. I find no sense of achievement nor joy nor find any kind of emotional support to tide me through the day. 

So, what's next? Have a family of my own even though love is so fleeting? I've been through many years of long term relationships. Being cheated on once has taught me that all those years of love and attention will revert to dust once she's tired of you. Should I ride the roller coaster of love? To ride it again and again like madmen expecting different results? I have a negative outlook about marriage for I don't have any good examples to look up to. For example, my father has three families and is currently doting on his new family.

Or, I should follow my dreams.. I wish I had though. I envy those who have dreams or have discovered their talents, for I have none. Everyday is just the bland rat race for scarce resources. Nothing that has meaning, everything just useless constructs.

I could devote myself to a hobby, but that's just me distracting myself. Maybe it's better to be drunk and lead a hedonistic life than be sober about life.

Sorry for this long rant, I just don't see anything more to life.  It's like life is just an unending cycle of production and consumption. Thanks for listening.

EDIT: It's been 12 days and I haven't found any credible argument to continue this life. So it's either I delude myself until I get old and outlive my usefulness in this capitalistic dog eats dog society, or I can at least grant myself my only remaining freedom: the freedom to kill myself in order to choose when and where I'd die. I have nothing against this sub, I'm just disappointed that not even this sub, this collection of strangers, don't have the answers to continue living, you're just postponing the inevitable. Farewell.