SorryIt's one AM and I'm sad as fuck. 

I have an eating disorder. I've lost all my friends, or at least all my friends who mattered. I'm stressed to the point where I feel like I'm having panic attacks every second of everyday. My leg is readable and my wrists are still shaking. I am drowning.

I've never been good enough for my family. My brother is fucking perfect, and I'm the family screw up. I have little to no talents of any sort and he's a motherfucking concert pianist. Fuck that. I got in trouble for the first time this past summer and I don't think I've ever been so miserable. 

I'm only 17 and a senior in high school. School is a nightmare. I'm taking more AP classes than is humanly possible. I'm running on no sleep, very little food, and consequently, poor grades. My teachers all think I'm dumb and I'm starting to buy into that, too. I'm applying to eleven colleges, but I lack the mental sanity to go to any of them. I don't plan to eat at all when I'm in college. That's the dumbest idea I've ever heard. I can't explain it. I don't know why. I'm just not going to eat. College scares the living shit out of me. 

My PTSD is almost crippling. I often wake up to find myself shaking in my closet. I don't know how to touch, or be touched. Even a friendly hug will make me cringe.

I don't have anyone left. I've got burnt bridges dangling from every meaningful friendship I've ever had and I'm too socially inept to even hope to form new ones.

I don't think I'm suicidal; I'm not going to go jumping out in front of any cars anytime soon. But that is not to say that if a car were to be coming at me I would move. I wouldn't.

Sometimes I close my eyes when I'm changing lanes.

This is shitty. I don't know what to do.

I don't really know how I feel, either. I mean, I know I'm sad. Or at least, I think so. I think this is what sad feels like. Who the fuck knows. I'd also say it's pretty safe to assume that I'm sorry.

I'm sorry I fucked up.

I'm sorry I fucked other people up in the process.

I'm sorry I couldn't do better.
