I'm supposed to get my gun today. Everything is set in motion.When I was 21 in 2010 I tried to kill myself with my car. I should have died, but I was kept alive. The brain hemorrhages and the broken bones have made my life worse from that point on. Every year is harder than the last. I barely sleep 4 hours a night, I'm a different personality now than who I was before that event, my memory has gone to shit due to poor sleep and my head injury. I haven't had a happy year since. I've tried but my life is constantly marked with tragedy and shitty outcomes no matter what I do. I try to be nothing but kind to others and help them. I don't hesitate to help strangers or people I know, asking nothing in return. I get taken advantage of or get thrown away like garbage if I enter a relationship.   


I got fired from my job in January because I said "this shit is retarded." A 3.5 year job gone because the manager was having a bad day. I told myself this was the year I was finally going to go back to school, get my teeth fixed, get a vehicle, and see a dermatologist for my face. I had the income for it and then... I didn't. So I was about to kill myself then and there but I was stopped against my will. I had to leave my apartment because I couldn't afford rent. I was denied unemployment, I only had $1600 from a 401K check I've been living off of. I'm stuck sleeping on a ex-coworkers couch. A woman I knew since last year reconnected with me in January after I was fired. We talked constantly, everything was bliss and she made me forget all about my troubles. She said she loved me and a plethora of other affectionate things. She allowed me to feel emotions of love, happiness, and purpose I never felt before. And then of nowhere she doesn't want anything to do with me. She told me to delete all our photos, our texts, she even hid her spotify playlist that I listened to. I wasn't given a clear explanation and it gutted me. How can someone tell me they love me and want to spend the rest of their life with me one day then the next they try and forget I exist like I was a mistake or a regret. She was the most compassionate and caring person I ever met and even though she did that to me I still don't see her as a bad person. I feel like the universe decided to dangle the one thing I want in this world in front of me like a carrot and just rip it away as a form of punishment.  


I'm convinced that being alive is my punishment and I will constantly be taunted by happiness and fail at everything I do. I'm 30 and it's harder to keep starting over like this. So I bought a gun and it gets delivered today. Either I will end my suffering this afternoon or tomorrow morning. I've tried finding reasons to keep going but what's the point anymore. Doctors couldn't help me, people I know couldn't help me, family couldn't help me. I'm ready to take that second of pain from a bullet to the head  rather than continue suffering from emotional torment.  


What's fucked up is I know if I had taken care of my skin, my teeth, my body, gone to college out of high school, had gotten a vehicle I would probably be happy. It's too late for any of that now though so I've made peace with my end. Call this a cry for help, a goodbye, or whatever you want. I just wanted to leave something for someone I know to maybe find some day that explains why I did it.