Thought of something...disturbing...todayI was thinking about something today as I was sitting (uncomfortably) in a restaurant with my family. I always say that I don't hear "voices" per say telling me all these bad things, but that isn't too far off from what they are. Here is what it is like:

I have thoughts that say I am worthless and mentally ill (?) and it would be so great to end it and end all this suffering. I won't have to feel anything anymore. Then I have another thought pop into my head saying family...family...family...and even just before when I was cutting (sigh) I JUST happened to look up and my laptop was facing me. I don't know HOW it got turned toward me because we all just got home and I could've sworn I had it facing the other way before I left (I could be wrong on that though--I don't remember honestly) and my wallpaper for my laptop just happens to be...my five children sitting on the couch a couple of Summers ago. Needless to say, I didn't cut all that much. I actually put the cutter away because the urge had passed. Just like that! Now I know it may just flare up in a few hours again as the thoughts continue to pound me and torture me.

It is almost like a devil on one shoulder and an angel on the other.

That is a good visual, except the devil part most often does horrible things to the angel part to shut it up...and it wins out more often than not.

As you see, I am struggling hard right now. As I said in a reply to someone else, I have NO reason to have these thoughts. Anyone know where they come from? Why the hell won't they leave me alone? What is this preoccupation with death that I have been having? 

I want to die...but I am too chicken shit to do it by my own hand right now. :( I can't bear the thought of leaving the kids and hubby. That hurts more than the thoughts sometimes, and it actually drowns out the suicidal thoughts for a moment or two.

Am I rambling again? :'( I just want this to end...I really do. I just...can't do it. :(

I am going now to see if I can rest. I haven't been sleeping well either...and my eating has gotten ridiculous, even for me. We went to my favorite Chinese/American All-You-Can-Eat Buffet where they have cold shrimp (shrimp cocktail) and sushi...and I could barely finish the small amount I had on my plate. :( I didn't have ANY sushi at all.

See ya Redditors. I don't want to be here anymore.

~LG