I considered taking my own life for the first time 
today.Today I wasn't accepted into any of the 7 high- schools I wanted to go in. I come from a shitty European country in which there is only elementary school, grade 1 to 8 and then high school comes. I had 7 wishes with about 3-4 of them whom I was qualified for.


But first, I beg you to bear with me, since I want to really get this out of my system because I never really talked about it to anyone, since I am not particularly close to anyone in my life. This will be fairly long, but I would be grateful if someone read the whole thing since it would mean a lot to me. I am a male, by the way.

I think I was a pretty happy child. I don't remember much of my childhood, but I would say I was pretty happy since, as far as I know, nothing was wrong. My parents were happily married, and I got a brother when I was 4 years old! He meant the world to me. I imagined us hanging out like real brothers do and that I would never be bored with him.

When I was entering elementary school at the age of 7, my dad promised to buy me a Secret Agent Izzy sticker album. Instead of that, he bought me a computer, and I was really happy since I had to do something when I was bored. After maybe by 1st or 2nd day after I started school, it was my first time that I was left alone at home ( that was lasted about 2-3 hours until my mom got home from work ). Anyway, on that particular day, someone rang the doorbell and I answered it. I have this blurry memory of me peeking through the peephole and seeing two formally- dressed men in black suits there, but shortly after that, as a dumb kid that I was, I asked who was it, only to get an answer "Your school principal" from one man, only to hear the other one laughing menacingly. That scared the shit out of me, because I wasn't THAT dumb. I realized that if I opened the door there was a big chance that they would kidnap me. It scared the shit out of me and I just fled into my room and kept quiet for about 30 minutes until I was sure that they were gone. My mother's childhood friend offered to babysit me every day until my mom got home, but for a price, since my mom's friend was about 10 years younger ( my mom babysitted her when she was little ) and was going through college at the minute, and was in a bit of a financial crisis, so my mom paid her DAILY for a big amount, may I add. My mom really loved and cared about me, even though we weren't particularly rich, she went out of her way to make me feel safe. 

When I was about 7-8 years old ( My memory doesn't serve me very well, sorry) my parents divorced. I didn't know why, and I never bothered to ask.

Now this is one of the biggest events in my life, which in my opinion, shaped me into the guy I am right now.

My mom, brother and I would frequently go to my mom's birth village to visit our family ( This included my mom's mom/dad, her 2 sisters, and our cousins which were daughters/sons from our aunts) .

This happened when I was about 8, maybe. We were away from the weekend, and when we got back, we found our grandma ( my dad's mom who lived in the same town as we did ) staying in front of our door. I'm thinking our grandfather ( dad's dad) was there too, and possibly our dad. I can't remember, but I am pretty sure they were all there.

Anyway, we got there with our grandma staying in front of our building and talking about something with our mom. Climbing upstairs, we found our grandfather and our father just in front of our apartment to find out that.. they changed the lock on our door. My grandfather was a locksmith, and my father who obviously moved out for a while ( he lived with our brother/ grandfather/ grandpa) , came here to change the lock so we couldn't enter with our keys, but our father could.

Mind that we could do nothing about this, not even call the police. This apartment was legally still in the ownership of our grandfather ( dad's dad) so he could do anything with it, and we couldn't do shit about it. Flash forward to the next thing I remember, the same night, we somehow got into the apartment, but we did not have the key. The only thing stopping the door from being completely open was the chain that was the alternative to not having the key. I remember that later that same day, in maybe about 10pm, my father and his new girlfriend yelled and argued with my mother through the window that she, along with my brother and me, should leave the apartment the next day or else he would break in.

I never knew my grandfather very well. He passed away when I was about nine years old, and other than him driving us to our relatives, I didn't talk to him at all. But when my mother pleaded our grandfather and grandmother ( dad's ) to give us the apartment since we had no money and nowhere to live, my grandfather ( I doubt that my grandma had any influence if she said anything, I don't remember that she did ) gave the apartment to our dad, leaving my mom and me homeless. He was a real bitch and I despise him to this day, and after everything my grandfather did, I can say that I am glad he is dead. My father, shortly after, SOLD THE FUCKING APARTMENT WHICH MY GRANDFATHER AND HIM KICKED US OUT OF, BECAUSE HE HAD SOME "MONEY" PROBLEMS, that I was told.


I'm thinking that we left maybe 2-3 days later to my mother's close friend apartment, where we would settle for maybe a month or two until school finished so we could go to my mom's birth place and live in the big house along with my relatives until school started again in September. This was the first time I remember where I actually got into rage episodes where I was irrational and angry at everyone and everything. I remember threatening my sister, who was as old as I was, with a knife for whatever reason.. she was scared shitless. I was about eight at that moment. We eventually moved back to our town while living in a 30² apartment, which was pretty small. Eventually we moved again. My father lived about 5 minutes away from where I was then, but I didn't know that at the time.

Eventually, our grandma found out from her friend that he had a shop downtown ( he was a computer engineer ( ? ) , his shop was small and he usually fixed other people's computers and sold graphic cards and monitors)  and that he had an apartment near the shop. I just casually walked in there one day and just spent about an hour or two every day just playing on his computer.. I don't remember talking to him about anything at all, other than my dad asking me how my day was and how was school.. my brother and I knew were he lived before he owned the shop and moved to his current place, we visited him and his girlfriend a couple of times but had no serious interactions with them, and he eventually moved, living where he was at that moment. I visited him every day, got to play there and left.. I remember nothing more other than me and my brother going to his new place a couple of times.


I had some new friends there, but I got into a fight ( not literally ) with most of them and ended up just hanging out with 2 of them that I didn't get into a fight with. My grandfather ( dad's dad) passed away somewhere around that time, and shortly after, my second grandfather ( mom's dad) died after struggling with diabetes for a long time. I didn't know the guy very well, but he sure as hell was better than my dad's dad. My mom was devastated and I felt really sorry for her, but I could not get any empathy at the moment since I was nine years old.

Eventually, we moved again, paying rent over and over again in the new apartment, too. I was 10 years old then, and this was when my father committed suicide. This memory is as clear as a bell. Our phone rang, and after about 2 minutes my mom broke down into tears. I asked her what's wrong and she just said that I should go and buy some hamburgers for me and my brother and that it was nothing important. I insisted on knowing what was going on, and she just told me.. my father killed himself.

Continued