My suicide attempt (I kinda need to vent/tell this story)This post is not a cry for help or an anti-suicide thing, I just really need to talk. If it gets deleted then I'm fine with it, just writing it here makes me feel kinda better. 

So I decided to commit suicide when I was 14, around the end of 8th grade. For the entire week before my attempt I've been feeling down, just like an endless spiral of sadness and depression. It all came to a stop one friday when one of the girls in my friend group told me to basically kill myself and fuck off. Granted, she said it as a joke and I just went "ok" since I didn't really know what to say. It kinda caught me off guard. We all had a laugh at it and I went on with my day. 

When I was walking home, her words just kinda stuck with me and I was just getting more and more distant and sad the closer I got to my home. I think that comment really was the last straw for me. When I got home and saw that nobody was there, I just kinda burst out crying for like an hour. 

One way of self-harming that I had developed was strangling myself with something to induce a headache. This time I actually hung myself my tying a knot around my doorknob and laying myself down on the floor, kinda letting gravity do the rest to strangle myself. I didn't actually wanna die when I did this, I just wanted to have a headache for a bit. But because I was so full of emotion from crying, I didn't realize that I had gotten woozy and actually passed out.

I still remember this next part really vividly. It was most likely me having a seizure from lack of oxygene to my brain, and becasue of that I was dreaming up some really weird things. 

So, for starters it felt like I was on some sort of rollercoaster. It just felt like my entire body was shaking and both my hands and feet were so warm and sweaty. On top of that I could see strange flashes of neon colors in an otherwise dark place, I could also hear some sort of voice. No joke I litterally heard something, but it was most likely just my brain going crazy. I don't believe in the underworld, angels, etc. 

I woke up on my floor maybe 30 minutes later. Because of my seizure the noose I had tied for myself came loose and I had managed to survive with no permanent injuries, my face was just prickly from all the blood vessels. I calmed myself down, had a snack, called my boyfriend and that was that. 

&amp;#x200B;

Today I'm in a much better place, but I still remember and think back on that day a lot. After "dying", I no longer felt afraid of death. It wasn't even very painful. 

I mostly wanna share this story because I can't talk about it to anyone else. When my parents found out that I commited suicide they did their best to support me and help me, which I'm thankful for. However now that I'm okay they completely ignore the fact that I used to be suicidal. Whenever the topic comes up they just start talking about something else to steer away the conversation. 

When I tell this story to my (new) friends they freeze up. It's like they are uncomfortable with the fact that I used to be in a really bad place, especially since I'm the "happy" one out of the friend group. They become uncomfortable, which makes them difficult to talk to about anything concerning mental health and depression. 

After I commited suicide I called my boyfriend and talked to him about it, it was nice to get it off my chest. He later told me that when I called and told him about what I had done he became so angry and sad, which made me really sad that I had upset him so much. We love eachother a lot and I definetly wouldn't have made it if it wasn't for him, so I completely understand him when he said that he was angry with me. Still, whenever I try to bring the topic up (me dying) he gets really sad. I want to talk to him about this stuff especially since he's the closest person to me right now, but then he just gets upset and I have to comfort him (when in fact I'm the actual person who needs comforting).

&amp;#x200B;

Anyway, If you managed to read this far then thanks. It feels good that I can at least share this story with people on the internet without being judged, especially when the people in my life don't seem to want the baggage of me being sad sometimes.