Phantom NoosesI've felt a phantom noose around my neck for the last two week.  I can't walk past any height or railing without imagining how it world feel to jump and have my neck snap as the rope pulls taut or to just hit the ground with a wet splat.  And that scenario gets more appealing each day.

I got fired a year ago, and I haven't had a full-time job since then.  I do part-time work in my field, but it's terrible for me because it's the most boring and stressful work I've ever done.  It's boring because my work barely uses my degree--you could train anyone who can read to do my job--and stressful because there's no guarantee that any assignment will last even half the time the staffing agencies promise, so I have to hustle and send out resumes every day just to keep in part-time work: I'll quit a job that's *about* to end to work on one that's about to *start*.  

I broke up with my SO after two months of this, because I couldn't contribute to the relationship while I wasn't working, and there are plenty of people with jobs who can make my SO happy.   We had always agreed to have an equal partnership, and I can't be my SO's equal if I'm not working.  I also wasn't about to depend on my SO for financial support; we'd both had experiences with exes leeching off of us, and I would rather be alone than a leech.  I've cut down on all my expenses to bare bones: no more hobbies or eating out, sold most of my clothes and books and furniture, no more Netflix or TV or videogames (sold all of those too), only enough Internet to look for jobs, the cheapest data plan my phone company sells, I don't even turn on the lights anymore and I've stopped using AC or hot water.  

I have a history of depression, but no history of suicide attempts.  I don't want to talk to a doctor, because if I told them the truth they'd probably commit me (and then I'd get fired from temp work and stuck with a hospital bill I couldn't afford), and if I *don't* tell the truth there's no point in talking to a doctor.

I don't want to be told that "things will get better" or that I'm being irrational or crazy or stupid.  I don't find any of those platitudes helpful, and I know from lurking here all week that these are common enough pieces of advice here, so let me just get that out of the way right now.  I also don't want to here that I need to keep trying doctors until I find one I can trust, because: (a) I can't afford to do that, (b) I *do not trust doctors* after some serious TMI-Fridays trauma the last doctor I saw put my family through, and (c) I've looked up my state's laws on involuntary commitment, and I think my thoughts and urges are specific enough to qualify *and I do not want to be committed*.  

I don't know what I *do* want, though.  A job.  My life back.  But that's not about to happen.