I need advice on how to help my suicidal girlfriend...I'm a college sophomore, as is my girlfriend (my first relationship). She has had severe depression and anxiety since high school, largely due to an extremely abusive mom (verbally and physically), a family history of mental illness, generally non-supportive family, weight issues and self-esteem, and an instance of sexual abuse that she has only recently "put the pieces together" about. 

She has been severely depressed and occasionally suicidal since junior year of high school, and it's really exacerbated by her home life (when she goes home for breaks especially). Since she's been in college she's had no good friends, and quite literally, i am her social world. She tells me over and over that i am the only good thing she has, and that thinking about our future together is the only thing that keeps her going (she talks a lot about having a house together, etc.).

Yet we have a lot of personal differences, fight a lot, have talked about breaking up more times than i can count, and have much different ideas about what we want from life. All of the fights we've been having lately have been making her depression and suicidality much worse, and when she's upset (especially angry with me) she self harms moderately (very small scratches with staples and things) and becomes very aggressive and agitated when she's upset (uncontrollably crying, having trouble breathing, hitting herself, scratching herself with her nails, banging her head, etc.).

Recently, she has been especially suicidal, and has been saying things like:

"I want to go away"
"I want to die"
"I'm so tired"
"I want to kill myself"
"It's not fair that I'm with you because that means I can't kill myself"
"You would be better off without me"
etc.

Sometimes she says these things when we're getting along and is just feeling really sad, but it comes up almost without fail every time that we have a bad fight or talk about breaking up. I feel like any time that we have a fight is a trigger for her to become suicidal like this. I still want our relationship to work out, but i feel like if it doesn't, the option of breaking up is always totally off the table because she would try to kill herself. I know she would. She tells me over and over that "i'm everything she has" and things like that, and i feel like (intentionally or not) she's making me responsible for her life. I don't think she's trying to be controlling or dramatic, because she's not like that and i can see the pain there every time she talks to me about it. It's like she loses control and goes into this crazy downward spiral. 

Just today we had a fight, and right after telling me that she wanted to kill herself she said that she was going home over the weekend. (She doesn't have the means for suicide at school, but might at home. During the fight she said that she wishes she had broken up with me so she could kill herself when she went home.) But every time we make up she says "i feel like i'm ruining everything by making you feel like you have to stay" and that's not what she wanted to do by telling me those things, and then she apologizes profusely and says that she's "going to get better". She has gone to therapy for a month or so, but then stopped because she didn't think it would help.

I feel like no matter what happens with us, i'm stuck. She doesn't really have anyone else present in her life who cares about her and she feels so lonely all the time and if i left she would kill herself. I can't feel like her life is in my hands or that i'm responsible for what happens to her, but i feel like that's the case. She has put everything on me, and besides just not wanting anything to happen to her, i love her.

I don't know what the hell to do. I'm not asking if i should break up with her right now, since at the moment our relationship is ok (besides for this). I just want to know how to deal with this overall. It's so stressful and i don't want to fail. Any advice helps. Thanks.