Staying alive was a mistake, so I will die insteadMy entire life I've been spoonfed lies about why I should stay alive, and that is why I know that suicide is the right answer for me. I've been told:

- You will be missed
- Your life has value
- You have so much to offer the world
- You can make more people happy by staying alive
- You are cared about

Yet all of these assertions are completely incredulous. They are so patently cliche that it's impossible for me to even take them seriously. It's as absurd as as the "It gets better" trope, which has no basis in fact.

Other than my mom, obody truly knows me as a person. I've asked friends about the most basic facets of my life (favourite food, where I was born, my birthday) and they don't even know the answers. That's not suggestive of people that are happy with me staying alive, but rather completely ignora t of the most essential things that define me. It's a blatant deception.

In addition, nobody would notice if I was gone. I tried disabling various social media accounts to see who comes looking for me. After 12 months I haven't gotten a single letter in the mail or a single phone call from former coworkers or so-called friends. Nobody has come by my house to check on my welfare, except my mom that abused me, so she doesn't count.

There is no proof I have anything of benefit to offer the world either. I have spent years trying to share my talents and interests with other people, and more often than not I am rejected, criticized, mocked, and ridiculed just for being myself. That is not an indication that I have anything of value to offer society for being true to who I am as an individual.

And even if we assume, for sake of argument, that there is something I can offer society, there are millions of other people that can offer the same thing. There is nothing special about me that is worth my suffering a miserable existence just so a tiny fraction of the population can potentially appreciate my continuing to stay alive when I would rather be dead. 

Likewise, there is no reason to believe that my life has value. We live on a planet with 8 billion people. I could disappear today and human civilization would continue as it did before, with no impact. If anything, my absence might bring about an improvement since I would no longer be disrupting societal norms with my worthless existence.

Here is a checklist of just a few incidents that have given me cause to reconsider the purpose of living in this horrible society.

a) I was molested by my mom growing up. She would always play with my genitals and say she was doing it for fun, even when I would tell her to stop.

b) My boss once took a transgender pride flag and threw it on the floor, stomped on it repeatedly, and shouted "See! This is what I think of you shitty tranny people".

c) A coworker last year sneaked over to my apartment building while I was asleep, and threw my brand new bike into the dumpsters a practical joke. I spent 10 months saving up just to buy another bike.

d) After spending over $600 on a new bike and lock, it was stolen from the rack outside my apartment building only two days later and was never found.

e) The  general manager at my previous job once told me that I couldn't have been raped, even though I had been. He said I must've been asking for it since I am bisexual.

f) The boss at my other job always tells me that I'm going to be arrested for how I dress since he thinks my wearing woman's clothes should be outlawed.

g) A crisis worker once laughed at me because she thought it was silly  how I smile to hide the fact I'm clinically depressed. Then after I stormed out of her office, she followed me outside and started swinging on the bike racks like a little kid.

h) A counselor once told me that if I want to end my life, she thinks it's totally okay and recommended going to the side of a deserted road and putting myself to sleep when I'm ready to die.

i) A psychiatrist once dared me to go home and put a plastic bag over my head because he didn't think I'd really be able to commit suicide.

j) Four years ago I was brutally attacked by security guards in the ER after I attempted to leave the hospital without signing my discharge papers even though a crisis worker had insisted "You wasted everyone's time coming here" and told me I was being released.

k) Two years ago I was riding my bike downtown, and a teenage boy ran out into the street and punched me in the face. Then he jumped on the bike, riding in circles while taunting me. When I called the police, the officer didn't bother to file a report because he told me that since it involved a minor, there would be no criminal charges.

l) I was banned for 5 years from our local shopping mall because I was wearing women's clothes and the security officer told me that "crossdressing is abnormal".

n) A homeless man spit in my face at the bus terminal yesterday. When I informed the security guards, they refused to take any action and instead reassured me that since he's homeless, there is nothing they can do.

o) I've been raped multiple times by gay men. Even when kept begging them to stop, they repeated "I know you want it" as they forced me to have sex with them.

p) Two years ago I was brought into the ER for a psych eval. I was just sitting calmly in one of the observation rooms. After about an hour, some nurses and a doctor threatened to inject me with a drug to "calm me down". When I a refused, they ordered two security guards to put me in restraints.

q) I was banned from using PayPal because an employee Googling my name online and discovered I have photos of me dressed in women's clothes. Their abuse department claims I violated the end user agreement by selling pornography, but was never able to produce any evidence.

r) I was bullied by a gay man on Quora that was angry after I posted a question about how sexual orientation relates to transgender people. Even though the question in no way violated of Quora policies, he began harassing me about my name and gender identity, just before getting a moderator to delete my profile.

Usually when I tell counselors and social workers about these horrible experiences, they dismiss it as "You must be a strong person if you are still alive, so don't listen to these people".

First of all, I'm not a strong person. I'm a damaged person. Secondly, part of being in a society is caring about what other people think. That's the fundamental reason that human civilization still exists. Thirdly, most of the incidents that have traumatized me have less to do with what other people think about me, but rather how they act toward me.

What's particularly frustrating is when strangers pretend to care about me only after I announce that I plan to kill myself. Apparently, I'm only worth people's attention when I'm dead. Maybe people should be nicer to others while they are still living, instead of waiting until the inevitable to act like their life suddenly matters.

Of course, I will never forgive nor forget all of the incidents where I have been abused, neglected, or otherwise mistreated in the mental health system. Add to the thousands of dollars I have been billed for services rendered against my will (i.e. forced psychological trauma). We certainly don't charge people for being raped do we? So why I am forced to pay for being strangled, thrown on the floor, pushed into a wall, and tied to a bed and forcibly medicated by medical professionals all under the guise of "healthcare". That is not health care, that is health torture. 

I refuse to be a part of society where the government not only condones but ENDORSES the systematic torture of mentally ill people with no accountability even when we are in our most helpless and vulnerable state. Mental health is supposed to be about hope and healing, not about psychological manipulation, financial extortion, and physical violence.

I have been taken advantage of time and time again, and nothing was ever done to help me. Therefore if people were not concerned about me when I needed help the most, they are obviously not concerned about me now. And to suggest otherwise is nothing short of patronizing.

Staying alive was a mistake, so I will die instead.