My mom wants to commit suicide and over some guy she never metI'll start from the beginning: my mom is single and over the past year she has tried to find a relationship through one of those online dating sites. At first she found this guy who was "living overseas" and wanted to meet her. They communicated by text and rarely ever spoke on the phone. Then all of a sudden, she told me that she was gonna send him $500 for his flight to the U.S. At that moment I told her that he was obviously scamming her just to get her money. But she went ahead and sent it away and said that he would pay it back to her double.
So she waited and waited all month during the holidays last year and never arrived. He kept making stuff up that he couldn't make it to meet my mom. But she still believed this frickin guy and kept exchanging texts with him. That's the time we really hit rock bottom and was about to be evicted from our apartment. That loss of $500 really affected us. We got evicted and now live in a small room for rent.
About the first months of 2017 she had tried to keep up with the bills after losing that $500 but couldn't that's why were no longer in our apartment.

And now recently this month, she went back again on one of those dating sites then found some guy who was in the army and wanted to meet him.
Now again this guy was asking $300 from her now. 
This was over the weekend recently, I tried everything to stop her but she still didn't want to face the facts that all these guys that she's been talking to are just scamming her out of her money. So she went ahead and sent it now.
That's where I got into an argument with her back and forth. I said that I would leave her and live with my grandparents instead if she keeps doing this. 
Then she freaked out and through a tantrum how her life is miserable and wanted to kill herself if I leave her.
I just don't know what to do anymore with her and would be willing to leave her. And I don't think she'd be that serious on committing suicide, at that moment she was just emotionally distressed for foolishly sending money again to some stranger.
I just fear that we might be put out in the streets again if we're gonna fall behind on the bills again.
I'm just about done with her.
She acts like a frickin teenager rather than an adult. I don't know what's wrong with her head.