A lucid caseBefore I was born, my mother wanted to abort me. My father barely convinced her not to. 

By the time I was 3 months old she was gone, voluntarily giving up  parental rights because she wanted to have more fun. The only contact I  received was in videos sent on birthdays and Christmas, in which she  couldn't even look at the camera when she said  "I love you" and served only as a reminder that, unlike every other  child I knew, my mother had left. I asked her to stop when I was about  5. She later passed when I was 16, having never contributed a penny toward my raising and removing the possibility of getting an answer to "Why?" from her.

I ended up living with my father, grandmother, grandfather, and  uncle with frequent visits from my cousins. The area in which I grew up  was devoid of other children, I had no friends, no playmates. I spent my  days on the back porch building things in my  sandbox. I have a vivid memory of my first day of pre-k and finding  that nobody would play with me, so I just drove around on a big wheel  for a while.

At 4 years old I was molested by my cousin, she was holding me down  kissing me and touching my penis. I don't have clear memories, but  there are flashes and I was told about it after the fact because she was  caught while doing it.

Throughout primary school I went to a catholic school called Christ  the King, there were fewer than 40 kids per class, and I was the omega  because I was a fat child, and was viciously bullied because of it, both  endless verbal and physical. One time the  children in the class conspired with one girl for her to fake that she  suddenly "liked" me. When I reacted with skepticism the class began  mocking me, and following me. they all ganged up on me that recess as I  was trying to just leave and be alone, until  one of them snuck behind me and knelt down, then another pushed me,  knocking me into the muddy field. the whole class cheered.

Both cousins stop coming around by the time I'm about 7 or 8

My father is Bi, and before this point he for some reason thinks I  haven't figured it out. he is a catholic deacon, finally tells me around  age 9. I don't really care, but it plays into things later.

My grandfather has a severe stroke when I am 11, and I end up being  the primiary caregiver, changing diapers, administering medications,  giving haircuts. the works.

When I am 13 my grandmother's mental state has similarly  deteriorated due to cllusters of tumors in her brain. she turns from  being sweet and kindly to vindictive and abusive, both verbally and  physically, on a dime. I end up also having to change diapers,  give haircuts, administer meds and deal with a shunt that was put in  her stomach as well. Before it becomes clear that she is no longer there, she kicked out my uncle because he smoked some weed in his attic apartment.

My father got into a car accident that took out of his chosen  profession of car sales, went through several years of unemployment, and  while my grandmother was in the hospital began making advances at the  couple of friends of mine who lived in the area.  He ended up having sex with them, flagrantly. it was "consensual" and  my friends insisted it was no big deal, so I lived with it. Eventually  as those friends moved further away going to visit them or pick them up  so we could play became contingent on whether  or not there was going to be anything in it for him. He had a lot of  issues. This continues through my time in high school, and I had  eventually stopped bringing people home entirely between the rooms that  smelled like sick old people and what my father was  doing. Because my father never knew how and my grandmother no longer  could, I start doing the bills around this time as best I can.

Eventually the money ran out and I had to go to public school for a  couple of years of middle school.. this actually wasn't bad. nobody  knew me, I found a small group of friends, and was normal for a time. 

Unfortunately high school brought a lot of my classmates from  Christ the King, who as soon as they got there started spreading false  rumors like I'd eaten a dog turd at school before, etc.

I did what I could to stick with my group of friends, keep my head down, and play football since I'd made the freshman team.

That was when one of them, we'll call her Cassandra, decided she  wanted some attention. First she started saying that I was stalking her  to her friends, which circulated around the school. I tried my best to  ignore the ridiculous rumors because both I  and my circle of friends knew that I was pretty antisocial and just  went home to play video games and do homework at the end of each day.  Apparently that wasn't enough attention from her though. She then said  that I had harassed her/grabbed her ass in the  lunch line. At this point I was pulled out of my class and set in front  of my vice principal. I explained everything, that I had no idea what  she was talking about, that I went home straight after school each day,  and since I knew I hadn't touched her suggested  there were no witnesses for the purported harassment. I think the  vice-principal knew something was up, because she let me go and I didn't  hear anything more administratively about it. This was in the era  before an accusation was enough to have your life ruined  by a social media mob... unfortunately there was still a mob present.  the students. pretty much everyone except my friends started calling me  openly in the hallway "Stalker" and "Pervert" and other things. 

Around this time the habit I'd gotten for chatting online became  something I did all day. I started skipping school to escape and met  people who seemed to understand me, including the woman who would later  become my wife. Since it comes up later, she was  Bi.

This decision doesn't work out that well, and while I have more  than enough intelligence to test out of high school early, and in fact  did so in the 97th percentile of those who took the test, I missed out  on years of social interaction, became even more  of a loner, and withdrew further into myself.

I got my start in college, wanting to become an architect. my  family doesn't have the money to pay for a fancy school, so I go to one  called Silicon Valley College. I get grants and loans for an associate's  degree with a promise of job placement. Just  as I was about to graduate there is a construction/design bubble burst  and their promise of job placement evaporates because there are  draftsmen and architects with a decade of applicable experience  accepting practically entry level pay to stay in the field,  My dad wasn't working and couldn't hold down the jobs he got, either  because he felt like he was better than some of them or health reasons  for others. I change career track to graphic design to try and get  something tangentially related by my now effectively  useless degree, but the money runs out completely before I complete the  program. I never got any job placement, they billed me for every  millisecond they could for the time I was studying graphic design, and I  had to get whatever job I could to try and support  my family.

Now, I don't know what it is about me that seems to make people  regard me as disposable, but I try multiple jobs. Most of them are  slinging coffee. I do my best to go from seasonal job to seasonal job,  relying almost entirely on the people I've met online  for any sort of social interaction, and there is one, my future wife,  where it's much more than that. I loved her. I loved talking to her. We  would speak until the sun rose, have really hot tasteful cybering.. it  was great. but then in 2002 she just left.  stopped talking to me. no explanation or anything. A few weeks after  that I have to float my first check to buy my family food, because the  hourly and tips I was making at my job weren't enough. Dad was working  as a bartender for a while but then ended up  taking so many painkillers due to his knees they overwhelmed his  kidneys and he ended up with two dime-sized kidney stones. cue more time  where he can't work. At this time he also has a mid-life crisis and has  multiple young men to the house, including one  literal crackhead, letting them use and break my things as if they were  his to give. the last in this long line of callers to the house was a  20 year old with a ridiculous name.. we'll call him Shiv. Now dad and  Shiv are making goo-goo eyes at each other,  Shiv is writing songs, they're talking about how they are soul mates..  all kinds of shit. yet Shiv gets a job at Panera, it's only for his  walkin around money. not to help with the house.

Eventually the inevitable happens and with not enough income to  keep everything afloat the mortgage goes into foreclosure. I try to  handle the entire process of selling the home, but this was right at the  beginning of the housing crisis, which struck California  a while before the rest of the country. In January when I had the house  appraised it was for $575,000. By the time I sold it in June the market  had deflated to the point where it sold for $409,000, leaving a grand  total of $10,000 with which to relocate.

It was at this time my father said he had located a home for him,  shiv, and grandma (grandpa had died a while back) and that there was a  separate apartment underneath but it wouldn't be ready for a month. This  starts a fight because I'm asking what I'm  supposed to be doing. I spent a few nights sleeping on a mattress  leftover from previous tenant that had rusty springs sticking out of  it.. then after throwing that away on a pile of towels in the corner  while I try to find a job in the new area.

on the first day of the most promising interview I'd had out there,  I was being "field tested" or something and walking around to get an  idea of the job was. My dad calls me, talking about how he's going to  kill himself because shiv is leaving and hangs  up, not picking up my calls back, I call shiv who said he was done and  he didn't care if dad killed himself. I got upset and didn't realize I  was shouting into the phone when I told him if anything happened to my  father, he would die too. the job informed  me that I wouldn't be the best fit, I had to walk about 3 miles to a  bus that would take me back to SF. I get to the shitty two level and  they've kissed and made up, but shiv is angry. he flies at me, gets a  few good shots in, then I throw him down a flight  of stairs. I pack what little stuff I have (most of it is locked with  movers who had changed their estimate to be $5000 more than we had and  they kept our stuff) and left. I was homeless for a while, but managed  to sweet talk acquaintances into letting me  crash in the corner for a night here and there.. few nights on the  streets but it was early summer so not bad.

three weeks later I'm well beyond being completely out of money..  silver lining is I've lost weight.. when my father calls me. he  apologized for shiv and said the downstairs apartment was ready, and that  they'd worked out a way to get our furniture and  other property.

I came home, slept on my towels but at least in my own space, and  started looking for work again. surprise surprise another coffee bar.  this one is at least better than previous ones, I like the coffee, the  training actually gave me some knowledge about  the industry. everything was finally just chugging along, until some  random Australian cunt overheard me making a joke with a friend of mine  that we would have to buy Jameson instead of Bushmills if we were going  to hang out upstairs because it was "proddy  whiskey". a light-hearted take on sectarian nonsense, said without an  ounce of maliciousness in my heard. she, however, took it upon herself  to email corporate. if she had just mentioned the comment I'm sure it  would have come to nothing. the company wasn't  that bad. but she made up two paragraphs of lies about "rudeness" and  "shoving past her" to clean the condiment station and a bunch of other  blatant fabrications. Despite having no write-ups or any past  indications that anything like this would be true I was  still somewhat new at the job so I was let go. Effectively, I was fired  because a racist had a problem with my Irish catholic heritage.

There's a silver lining to this part, you could say. In my job hunt  afterward I got a job at an architecture firm! Everything was looking  up, my disposition was through the roof. Everyone with exception of the  receptionist was wonderful. I felt fulfilled  because even doing menial stuff I was still working in an architectural  capacity, I started thinking maybe things were going to be OK.

About three months into the architecture job I'm back home checking  some old forums that I used to frequent.. and I find a message from the  old friend who drifted away. I called her up that night, and things  seemed to be going great. we started talking  about meeting, moving in with each other, and more. Around the same time I get back into contact with her, my grandmother dies, and while going to the hospital to confirm my father finds out that my uncle is there as well, having died from exposure on the street.

Now, I wanted to go out for a week and make sure the chemistry  wasn't imagined or only online. I tried sticking to my guns but for  someone who everyone else in his life has thrown him away and abused him  someone saying "No, I don't want to wait, I want  you out here now to start a life with me" is a hard thing to just say  no to.

Turns out I really should have.

When I get out here it's a couple of months of honeymoon just doing  fun stuff while I look for architecture jobs.. I end up finding one an  hours drive away, but it was beyond my experience. I told them as much  but they insisted it was fine. Now I make  the biggest mistake of my life. 

See, since separating from my family I had a lot of time to think  about just how fucked up things were. I had a LOT of anger, directed not  just at my dad but any pedophile. I was also frequenting a board at the  time called 4chan, where these pieces of  shit sometimes posted. I tried to emulate some of the other users I saw  to lure them into honey pots that would log their IPs and stuff to try  and get them caught, but had a tenuous understanding of how it worked at  best and was motivated purely by rage so  wasn't thinking straight. I did this a couple of times on my work  computer, but the situation where they had hired me to do stuff I didn't  know how to do came to a head and we parted ways, while cleaning the  computer they saw cached images but this was unknown  to me at the time. Meanwhile I found another architecture job but he  would only pay under the table. it was fine for a while, but eventually  he closed the office due to a rent increase he couldn't afford and  started working out of his home. I couldn't even  collect unemployment because I had been working under the table. I  spent 3 months looking for another architecture job (in 2009), then a  month looking for an office job, then any job. Each one of these lesser  jobs I took to make ends meet and pay bills put  me further away from my actual architectural experience let alone what I  was trained in (which was now more than a decade out of date).

The relationship that we had in that first few years was great, but  a lie it turns out. couple of years in and I get a knock on my door  saying it's the cops about images they found on the computer at the  first place. I cooperate fully and try to explain  myself. the officers I actually talked to seemed to get it, but  apparently the prosecutor doesn't care about context and was pushing for  maximum allowable penalty, no PTI, etc. So I was convicted, sentenced  to years probation, but I didn't have to register  or anything.

a while after this happens I lose the job I was at on a  technicality as I had three "warnings" over a 1 year period, despite the  excuse for one of them being that I was hauled off to the klink and  they didn't give me an opportunity to phone anyone beforehand.  part of my conviction is I can't use a computer for anything other than  job searching, but they also just kept my computer. so I had to use my  wife's computer to job search. I came across a file that seemed like it  was some of the role-playing chat that we  used to do when we were kids, and I figured what's the harm so I  started reading. scrolling down there's a bunch of "in character"  entries but then it shifts completely, and one of the entries is real  life. detailing a day not more than two weeks before I'd  flown out to the east coast, once where I was worried sick because she  was offline with no explanation. turns out she was in Atlantic city  putting another man's cock in her mouth. there were also entries making  fun of my size (I'm average length, below average  girth and fat) and me in general. also that she's faked every orgasm  with me despite the fact that I often and repeatedly asked what I could  do to make things better, as I wanted her to be happy. I close it rather  than read further. I bring up what I found,  there's never been a word of apology, only accusations of spying on  her.

I do what I can to forgive and move on because I love this woman.  however she relapses into faking again. because I now don't blindly  trust I call her out on it. After this we start moving from having a sex  life every week, to every month, to every few  months, to going over a year without her touching me over the course of  the next 5 years. I also saw a text message from one of her female  friends saying how hot it was feeling her pussy, which I brought up and  again she accused me of spying (it was when the  message first popped up). over the course of the relationship I also  become the sole breadwinner for 2 years working the car biz so she can  work on her writing, which she was supposed to have complete a trilogy  published and didn't even finish.

additionally over the course of the relationship she repeatedly  snaps and goes off on me. vicious, worse than any bully or family member  in my life.. doesn't even have to be my fault or me having done  ANYTHING. one time she forgot to check the pending  deposits and assumed that my job had fired me, waking me up out of a  sound sleep to scream at me that I was a fuck up that was incapable of  being an adult. I had to text a friend to see if the same thing was  happening to him, and he was the one who said check  the pendings. she then apologized once, deciding she could decide what  would make it up to me.

relationship bullshit aside the job prospects are not good. I go  into sales for a while because with that coming up on my background  check most places will tell me to eat shit and die without a second  thought except sales jobs.. eventually I get into customer  service, with most recently being two years of what was more elaborate  psychological torture than a job at a home warranty company. my father  also dies in 2017 and while he was ridiculously fucked up he also did  love me so I have a lot of complex emotions  there.

in late 2019 we lose our cat who was like a furry son to us. a  couple of months after that I lay out that the relationship is making me  miserable and we need to work on it, as being 35 and our sex life being  once or less annually is completely unacceptable  to me. she agrees to this. for about 2 months things seem fine, then  back to the same shit. now December 2019 rolls around, she hits me with  she's "98%" a lesbian, doesn't want to even try with me any more, and  will be sleeping with other people. If I didn't  like it she'd help me get a plane ticket back to CA.

I got blackout drunk and tried my best in that state to kill  myself. I still bear scars almost 4 months later but nothing went deep  enough to do the trick. the kitchen knives we have, which were all I  could find in that state, were pathetically dull.

So on to the reason for this enormous tirade.. I'm just done. My  life has been force feeding me shit since before I was born. Not even my  mother wanted me. I'm so damaged socially and emotionally I don't think  I could enter into another relationship even  if I wanted to.. I'm diabetic, fat, have ED, am fuck ugly and frankly  absolutely exhausted at trying to live in this fucked up garbage world. I  can't talk to anyone. I talk to my psych they just cluck their tongue and  that there's always a way forward or something  equally banal, I tried talking to my wife about how I felt (to maybe get some support, maybe be able to say goodbye properly and not die alone) and she just threatened to have me locked up. Even if I wanted to  leave I don't have the ability. My credit is permanently  ruined between student loans and bank debts/etc from when I was trying  to support my family and floating checks. My background now comes up with that conviction so  I will never be able to get an apartment or any job that isn't low end  trash that sees employees as statistics rather  than people. My family is dead or completely, the last living member  which I had any contact with has now not responded to my calls and  emails for months.

Now I just feel broken. I'm constantly misty, my chest constantly  feels like someone is squeezing my heart, once in a while it dawns on me  again exactly how fucked I am and I have to excuse myself from the room  lest I freak out in public. My thoughts are  almost always a whirlpool of asking why I'm so disposable, what I could  have done to deserve what I've gotten, blind rage at the world and just  emptiness. Even when completely calm and lucid I feel I have a really  good case for ending this abortion that never  happened but probably should have