I have a history of depression and just had a day worse than I could ever imagine.I've been seeing therapists since I was 12 years old and my parents got divorced. It hit me kind of hard. But therapy helped me out, and when some of my friends were feeling bad too, I helped them out with the same advice. But a couple of years ago I started college and stopped seeing a therapist, even though the stress was probably too hard for me anyway. I managed but I usually was alone with no friends, at least not long term ones. I was great at making acquaintances but usually they'd blow me off come semester end. I lived at home with my mom, who lived about 100 miles away from the rest of my family, and who moved out here basically so I could attend a great school.

My mom went into town yesterday to see my aunt who has some serious pneumonia. About 12:00am today, I get woken up by a series of calls from my cousin. He tells me it's serious. My mom's heart stopped. She was dead for a while but paramedics got it to beat again. She's in the ICU and probably will never wake up. I'm studying pre-med, was looking to go into neurology once I graduated. I know the kind of damage she's suffered, and it breaks me mentally to think about it. 

At the very least I know I won't be able to finish college financially, and even if I did, I don't think I could handle being in a hospital anymore. I used to love them when I'd go to them for career days and such. It was a symbol of hope and healing and knowledge. But now, I can't describe how painful that lobby felt. All at once I feel like I've lost my future, everything I've done over the past 4+ years, and the one constant in my life for the past 22. 

And I really do not know what I can even do with my life after this. My grades are fucked, I could barely tell the RN my name even hours after I got there. Can't really write term papers or take exams like this. I don't really have any job prospects, and I won't be able to pay for the house or anything on my own as of now. I don't even know anyone in my family that would take me in.

I thought for a while and I narrowed my life down to 3 choices basically. I could beg and beg and throw away all dignity I have and try to get someone in my family, anyone, to teach me their trade, practice it, and hopefully be able to come back and salvage my college+postgrad career but more likely just give up on life as a result, I could join the military which I know nothing about and no perspective on, or option 3, which is why I'm here.

For the past hours I've just been sitting down playing video games with my younger brother, occasionally trying to joke around with people on steam/reddit, and trying to wake up from a nightmare in the process, but it just isn't happening.