My failed life at 15yI hope you can read the whole text so you get better view of me. 
I am 15y male and I have been depressed since 10y old. First it wasn't so bad, it was like lying myself and others who I am, I used to be class clown. But reality was different, my self esteem has been low since I started school, because I have been bullied since I was 2y old. Bully who bullied me was sometimes my friend and sometimes bully. So I tried to be fool who gets laughed at, because I thought that what makes other happy makes me happy. When I started high school, first I became friends with my shcool friends, but then my previous bully had started spreading rumours about me and I got bullied because that. I remember when I got pushed towards the hangers in school, because one guy shouted that I am gay(I am not) and I shouted back that he is gay, because I thought I need to defend myself. After this began my shit school life in that school. Almost everyday that guy insulted me and also his "friends" insulted me too, usually he said "go to kill yourself". In 7th class my classmate broke his leg so I helped him in school because my personality before depression was helpful and empathic. But all what I got back from everyone was bullying. Nowadays my self esteem is very low, I hate myself so fucking much and also every other human being, I don't have any confidense, when I am not depressed I am numb, I fake my personality when I am with others so nobody ever notice anything different in me, I can't feel empathy even for my parents, I have insomnia because depression, I lack of social skills, I lack of motivation, I don't want to even get beter(dunno why), I feel lonely thought I don't wanna be around people. I have dyspraxia and I play sometimes video games in pc, but it is difficult because my coordination is shit. I used to like drawing when I was 12y old, but because depression and self hate, I don't want to draw and tore apart my drawings what I have drawn. My school success is shit because my dyspraxia and depression. I probaply  will not get job and my future looks shit. I sometimes wish to have gf, but it would be best that I never have any gf or friends. I go to therapy every two weeks, but still I feel like shit. Can you give me answers what to do now? Any advice?