I'm just tired of fight.Been fighting depression since maybe I was 12 or so, terrible drug addict mom and alcoholic father, I have hung around for so long, I'm 25 now, but things really have taken a nosedive. I've received therapy and medicine in the past, but only therapy really helped. I just feel so tired of fighting this, I tried to eat healthier, go back to school to finish my HS diploma(Yes, I'm 25..) and try to make better friends. But it seems that was for nothing, depression always rips me away from my friends and isolates me, so now I'm back alone and trying to hold on. I just feel so rejected by my friends, society and even god(was a christian). I have been to a mental hospital before, but I never seriously attempted before, but I feel like now is a good time. I thought and believed it when people said it gets better, sure they sometimes do, but if I'm honest, these 13 years have been even worse memories and painful moments. If I knew now how I would have turned out, no doubt I would have done it. 

The only thing that kept me around was my mom and sister, because my dad is a miserable drunk. But now I'm starting to care less, I just want my own pain to stop. I dreamed of getting my own apartment/job, car, the simplest most fucking things 20 year olds have by now. But I dont know anymore, I dont want to keep hoping and living. Just feeling like such a gigantic loser, especially because of my age. I was doing well before this, even signed up to tinder and dating sites, but when I saw all the girls and their careers in their 20s, it really made me depressed.

Depression robbed me of my teens and early 20s, I hate it so fucking much. I tried to ignore it and keep a positive mindset, but it feels like my world is just collapsing. Depression has isolated me again and left me without friends. I just dont want to bother anyone ever again, I been a shitty friend ghosting them or deleting them. My faith and hope has utterly died, I always had suicidal moments before, but my life has never got this bad. I dont want to keep trying anymore. Been reading those that have lost ones to suicide, and my heart aches. I would destroy my family, and I have been fighting for their sake, but now I dont think I can anymore. Nor will I warn or talk to anyone, locking up someone in a hospital, or forced medicine and therapy isn't what I call help.