i don't know how much longer i can lasti've been crying myself to sleep for the past couple of weeks. i don't remember the last time i didn't.

i've been thinking about committing suicide for the past few days. i sit on the edge of my bed and look at what i have and think vividly about killing myself.

a recent betrayal and violation of privacy has fucked with my mental health really badly. i was already teetering because of a ptsd flareup, but this has pushed me to the edge. i'm scared, all the time. all of my venues for venting have been sealed off because of the betrayal.

i have two friends. the betrayal was by one of them. my roommate, who snooped around my private things and read up on what i wrote, not out of concern for my wellbeing, but to see if i wrote about them. and then they tried to hide it.

the day it happened i dissociated, apologized to them, and asked them what i could do for their mental health. it didn't feel real. my brain wouldn't process it.

after the first few days this wore off and i've been struggling with anger, paranoia, anxiety, and self harm. we haven't talked about the incident since it happened. i can't be removed from living with them, so i can't say how i feel. or even let myself articulate my feelings about it. i don't trust them anymore and they've made me too scared to ever vent anywhere they might find it. i don't think they use reddit but i'm using a throwaway anyway.

i'm scared, all the time, and i cry on and off all day. i don't talk much anymore. my paranoia is so bad that i find it difficult to post anything on my main social media, even just memes and stuff, because i don't want them to see anything i post. i feel like anything i do is incriminating.

this has compounded pretty severely to me thinking about dying. i've been suicidal for six years, give or take, and this is the worst it's been. last time i thought mostly of a way that i couldn't do anyway, as i lacked the tools; but this time i'm thinking about the supplies i do have, and i think about it often. the entire process of dying.

i feel so isolated and alone and so fucking tired. it's hard to sleep. if it's not my paranoia keeping me up it's me itching to get up and just do it already.

i can't seek professional help because my family is against mental illness. i've tried to talk with family members only twice about just my anxiety, a few years ago. my brother told me to get over it and my mom told me that i was a disappointment and she didn't know what was wrong with me. so i haven't brought it up again, and i don't feel safe doing so. i don't have a job, a car, or my own insurance, either, so i'm fucked.

my school does offer free counseling, but it's summer.

i don't know if i'd even seek help if it was available. there are things i want to be around for. things i want to do before i go. but i don't think they're as compelling as the desire to die.

i wrote a draft of a message to an ex friend. it's sitting in my memos. i carry a lot of guilt over how our friendship ended. i know that if i do end up killing myself i'll want to send it before i do. i've been wanting to talk to them for a while now, but i guess a message they'd never respond to anyway will do. i think it's the only concrete thing i want to do before i die.

every time i think i've cried myself out, i start crying again.

i don't want to die, but at the same time i do.