I am approaching a wall.Hi.
I have never made a post like this before. I am not entirely sure how to start.

I have obsessive compulsive disorder. No, that does not mean I wash my hands constantly or need to make sure my dishes are clean. My compulsions are entirely unique and the result of many intrusive thoughts.

I have had treatment in the form of medications and have gone through therapy for many years to help me get in control of my issues, and deal with my intrusive thoughts. I have made significant progress and have been mostly successful in battling it in the past 5 years especially.


So when I have an intrusive thought I can usually distinguish them from the others, and calm myself down without needing to engage in my rituals for relief from the anxiety, but lately I can't keep myself from my rituals.

It's become so bad in fact, that it has been consuming hours out of my day, every day. I tried talking to my therapist about my sudden relapse into the rituals but essentially was told that it will pass, it's just a hump. I've never had anxiety so badly in my life before, and I've even developed several new rituals that I must complete in the morning without really realizing when I started doing them. 

The thing is though, even if I were to seek additional help, the best I would get is more therapy sessions and possibly medication again to combat the issue. I am extremely tired of doing that. 

I have lost several jobs because of my issues, find it difficult to keep relationships, am extremely distant from my family as they do not understand my issue and refuse to admit that it is a real disorder. I don't engage with other people at work anymore, I can't force myself to smile, it's hard to even pretend to give a shit on a day to day basis.

I'm thinking of just ending things. This isn't another intrusive thought this time. I'm legitimately unhappy with my life, and I don't feel like writing an essay about the intricate details of all the things that are wrong. I just don't know what to do. I'm afraid of dying, but I think im less afraid of it than being alive. 

I'm not making plans to do anything right now. I'm in a safe location around a friend. So for now at least I will be alright. The reason for this post is because I don't want to do something terrible. I know my ruminating can cause my thoughts to jump from 0-100, but I am actually legitimately scared. This is not my condition talking, this is me.