Going to Try AgainI want to die. I’m a 24 year old wife and mother of two. But I think I’m done here. I have nothing to live for. And no, my children aren’t something to live for. They will be regardless of if I am. They don’t need their biological mother, they just need a positive female presence that they can find in any stepmom their dad finds when I’m gone. 

Everyone says it’s going to get better. But it’s a lie. When I was bullied and abused in school, it was gonna get better. The kids who teased me and left me out were just stupid bullies and I was “better than them”. Then they grew up, married successful men, got degrees and jobs they love, homes, beautiful, normal kids, dream weddings (in all the places I wanted to get married in!) and are surrounded by their kindergarten friends. And have money to spend.

I’m married to a man who drives a bus, no plans, with two kids, living paycheck to paycheck, with no friends, a child on the spectrum. And don’t get me wrong - love my husband and my kids. Not enough to stay though. I just make life harder because I’m a shitty, depressed wife and mom with no goals who breaks down and is useless to my family, can’t work due to health issues, no non retail skills and no patience for my child who needs it. Oh, and no life goals.

And I know I’ll hear “24, you’ve got your whole life ahead of you.” But no one is promised tomorrow. The degree is only good when you get it early enough to actually use it to the benefit of your family. Outside of that, it’s just to say you have it. No one is hiring a 30/40 year old with no practical skills. And I’ve been back and forth in school since I was 18 and failed every class spectacularly. So it would take me another 6 years to even get an associates. And since I used up all my financial aid, no one will pay for my classes but my spouse and we can’t afford that. The we’ll be stuck with more debt and my husband is the only one who has a job to pay it.

So not worth it.

I have nothing to offer them so I might as well die.