I just wanna stick a knife in me, end it rightI'm 30. Recently I discovered the truth about the mass rapes war crimes orgy against women of the Red Army carried out against Eastern Europen women. Two million women and little girls. Perhaps fifteen million. And the way the film A Woman in Berlin presents this is frightening. It scares me. It sickens and disgusts me. It horrifies and appalls me. That it is described as "generous" in its sympathy for everyone involved. So it basically paints a mass rapist barbarian horde as sympathetic, broken down, in pain, traumatized, blah, blah, blah, all that horrible stuff. So it's just a giant big-budget German propaganda film. You'd think rather than sympathizing with men who hunt young females down in the streets to take turns raping them over and over that they'd hunt down said men to try and charge them for collective crimes against women. It enrages me. I just wanna find every one of those primitive creatures and stab them. But I can't. They're all mostly gone, and of those that remain, they're just old men, soon to be dead. It just makes me mad, that people will go out of their way to demonize the victims as "Nazi criminals" when it was hardly those "well-bred Aryan women" being raped, but fellow Russians, Jews, Poles, Slaves, Hungarians, people from all over the Baltic states... the savagery against women knows no racial boundaries, but people go out of their way to sympathize with the monsters guilty and slander and smear the innocent victims... it just makes me despise all of humanity. We're such filthy, loathsome, evil, hateful, ugly, inhuman creatures that pollute this Earth with our presence, and I just want us all to die. I want to die. I don't want to be here anymore. In a world where mass rapes war crimes are not punished. Where the government for those guilty won't be honest about it. Where there's not a widespread movement to try to stop demonizing women and extolling primitive rapist men. I don't want to be here. I want to know if those animals ever faced justice for their crimes... I don't... I don't want to be here. I just want to be gone. I can't stand humans. We're crippled apes. Pathetic beings. I hate us all and I just want to die. I... I wish I had never been born, and I don't wanna be here anymore...