my purpose in liferecently I've been thinking about some stuff about my life and trying to learn more about myself. I honestly thought I kind of accepted that although life **technically** has no meaning I'm allowed to put my own purpose into it if I choose to because although there's no meaning, I still feel things making it valid to assume that I'll naturally add meaning to my own life 
I tried talking to a friend about it though and it didn't end up well 
somehow thinking about that made me spiral into realizing that I'm just a coward and I can never get over things 
yes I'm aware, and yes I'm admitting to it 
but isn't that just an excuse to continue being a pussy? I don't follow my own advice 
and it's gotten to the point where I want to kill myself 
I can't accept this sort of thing, and no matter how much i try doing what I enjoy and just stop caring about other things, I can't. I can't enjoy things 
when I feel happy It becomes so overwhelming and painful that I just end up feeling like shit 
and tbh 
maybe that isn't the point, to just do what I want
but then what is? 
my thoughts are contradicting each other but right now I can't think rationally enough to try to organize them and my head hurts so much 
am I seriously nothing? maybe I'll feel better if I just die 
I just really don't want to keep feeling this way 
and no matter how many times I try to convince myself that it's okay to feel bad sometimes and that I'll always just go round and round in different emotions but I can still enjoy the happy moments 
I seriously can't 
idk why 
the happiest moments are probably the most painful.
is this normal to feel 
everyday 
am I overthinking? no doubt about it. It's just too painful. I'm afraid of killing myself ofc but shit. I have to. If I don't I'll feel too much pain and I can't live like that. I hatw this mindset I have. I HATE my feelings and thoughts 
I hate that they change so quickly 
and I hate that the only thing that remains is the overwhelming pain that will just go in a cycle over and over again