Feeling suicidal, too tired to try to fix myself. I’m exhausted with life and I wish I could just be at rest but I can’t leave my mom alone nor make her go through having to grieve her daughter. Sometimes i’m like fuck it just do it and plan it but I don’t have the guts right when i’m about toI’ve been feeling suicidal for the past few months. My brother has scared our mother who is battling cancer with suicidal thoughts and attempts over the past year. Now I feel me, who is the only person who lives and cares for her can’t also be suicidal. So I would never try to speak to my mother who is my best friend about my thoughts even though I feel like it would help me and she would be able to somehow cure me because she’s a fucking perfect amazing problem solver who fixes everything. 

I’m exhausted with life and living is so overbearing and I just want to rest. Saying I’m going to kill myself out loud sounds awful and terrible but it seems to attractive in my mind because I just want to be at peace. I don’t know if any of you can relate to that.. it gets too much and thats the only thing that will solve it and it would be awesome to just not exist anymore. that’s when I have to tell my mom I’m going to the store and cry in our apartment complex parking lot and call suicide hotline before I make the decision to leave my mom alone, (step dad died 2 yrs ago), unable to pay rent on her own, who is battling cancer and has been unable to do a lot of everyday tasks. Not to mention making her bury her own child and have to go through with that. I’m also engaged but I can’t talk to my fiancé either because I’m terrified he’s going to think he’s not good enough or it’s his fault or something and he’ll probably feel like shit or like i’m crazy. It’s off the table to talk to him or my mom about this. 

I just want to be selfish and end it and finally not have to deal with the burden of existing every single day literally every second because it’s so tiring and i’m so sick of it. I never understood why people killed themselves but now I envy them.  But I love my mom too much and I would not be able to do that especially when she’s going through all this.  Also I’m so embarrassed typing this out and I feel like a fucking insane person.