I don't know what to doMade a throwaway reddit account. Not that I use it much anyway. Idk how to start this, I feel like I can't talk to anybody about this that I know, the timing is terrible. Friends are getting new jobs, friends are getting married, making plans for their futures. How am I supposed to tell them I want to kill myself when they already have so much going on?  What a way to kill the mood, hey congrats on the wedding! I want to jump off my roof.

I've drafted a few letters, but I can never bring myself to finish one and I hate that I'm so weak. The last time I tried to kill myself I was 14 and took a fuck ton of advil. I ended up vomiting it all up and my mom yelled at me for wasting the advil. Wasn't terribly concerned that it was because I was bullied and sexually harassed at school, and I just wanted it to end. I'm 24 now and she is  still offended by my suicidal thoughts, how dare I kill myself when she worked so hard to give birth to me. Yes, that was said.

I've been having a lot of troubling feelings the past few months. I try to talk to my boyfriend about it but I dont think he's gotten the hint, and I feel guilty outright saying I'm trying to work up the courage to kill myself and that I just need somebody to listen to me. He's a sweet guy, just kind of oblivious,  I dont want to burden him. But I know killing myself will hurt him too. I feel like I'm damned if I do, damned if I dont. We have the same job and I drive us, if I kill myself he wont be able to get to work or pay the rent and that is also something I feel guilty about.  

I've been disgusting,putrid, and worthless since I was born. I feel like somebody funneled toxic sludge into a human husk and said "alright this is a person now" and that person is me. I'm disgusted by my body, my filthy fetid body. A body that was tainted and ruined when I was young, a body I learned early to be ashamed of. Sometimes I think I deserve to be r*ped and murdered, I feel like the only things I deserve are to be violated and humiliated. I absolutely loathe myself and I hate that I'm a burden to everybody. I'm tired of crying myself to sleep every night and pretending I'm fine when I'm withered. I picked a date but I dont think I'll commit...I always end up chickening out and doing drugs to numb myself, fool myself into thinking I'm functioning again.

I've been nothing my whole life and when I eventually die, by my own hands or not.  I'll still be just, nothing. And it hurts and I hurt. I don't know what to do. I wish I could speak up and I wish I didn't hate myself.