Just felt like writing here. Sorry if it does not belongHey, been lurking around here for awhile, reading about people's plights. Thought I would add to the wall as it seems like a relatively safe and non-judgmental space to vent one's inner thoughts when it comes to the more depressing aspects of life.

Guess to start I will detail my life situation:

Currently, I am 30 and have a decent prospect for "normal life". Have a job which seems to have good prospect for the long term and can make a decent living with enough money to support myself and my significant other. Though, while I understand my work and have no trouble with it, perhaps even have some "talent" in it, I have no real passion for it.

Currently in a loving relationship with someone for whom I care for a lot, have a group of a few close friends, and have a very supportive and loving family of whom I am also very close with.

In general, I live a very cushy life with all the love and support I could ask for. However, every day as soon as I wake up, I have to drag myself out of bed and convince myself it is a good idea to keep on living. 

Commonly, I will find myself wandering to the various ways I could kill myself, often times violently. I fantasize about it daily and sometimes I feel like it is taking it's toll... Often I will have to interrupt myself as I involuntarily say aloud, "I want to fucking kill myself." Shaking my head and reminding myself, again, out loud that I don't want to die, I just -feel- like I want to die. 

I suppose the over all point is that I feel like there must be something fundamentally wrong with me, as I have everything that should make one happy, but in the end I still feel depressed and suicidal. While the current outlook is good for me -staying- alive, I fear one day I will just wake up and my mind will convince me it is time to leave the world.

I guess in short, I have a deep hatred for myself and I care for those around me, which likely keep me tethered to life. 

Sorry to anyone reading this and feeling like it should not be here. I just wanted to try and see if writing this out and sending it into the ether made me feel better. Not looking for any help, just putting some physical form to my feelings.

Take care, everyone.
I hope your days are well. 