It’s 3am I feel super sick - here’s my story, just in case it’s the only place I get to tell itWhen I was younger I wanted to be a writer; I had this vision that I could write for somewhere like the New York Times and release a few books along the way. When I was younger I still wrote for fun, my grammar was sloppier and more haphazard, but I had all these colours to choose from. My writing then was saturated. Now, I don’t write unless I have to. My writing is technically better, but all I have are shades of beige; I constantly feel like I’m writing for someone else and subsequently everything feels just slightly inauthentic. Calculated, not colourful. 

In a way it’s a good metaphor for where I am now, all the colour I thought adult life would bring me has gone. In reality I know when I was younger my sadness was just more repressed; that I wasn’t ever really happy - but, I had better moments. It may have been denial, but I’d kill to believe I wasn’t depressed again. 

If you didn’t get it already, I’m much older now and somehow despite more therapy and much more effort, I’m also much sadder. I have these two mindsets around death. The first, I’m sure drawn from literature, paints death in this kind of (problematically) endearing way - I picture killing myself as drowning at the beach I’d go to with my dad as a kid. I imagine the colour lifting from my skin under the water, like it was paint and my body a canvas. In death I envision this idea of absolution; that everything has had a purpose leading up to now, and all the sadness and all the pain can finally be let go of. The other picture I have of suicide is the more realistic, it’s me writing letters to all my loved ones, dying alone in a hotel room (sparing details here for obvious reasons). The latter is meaningless and all it represents is the passing of all the pain I have being dispersed amongst the people I love most. 

My life now content wise is good I guess, I have a boyfriend who I love more than anything in the world, and beautiful deeply caring thoughtful friends. I’ll graduate a lawyer from a top tier university in a few years (assuming I’m still here). I have pretty much everything that I thought would make me happy. It’s just never enough. 

I always think when I sit down to write a post here, which I usually delete after 2 minutes, that I’ll chronicle all that has gone wrong in my life. A history of abuse and misfortune that lead to now. But my life is so adversely different to when I was a child that all of the trauma I have now feels so abstract; it basically feels like all this stuff happened to someone else but I’m the one who ended up feeling it. 

I got my wisdom teeth removed yesterday or the day before; you might have seen a two second post that I put up and then thought better of. I know that I’ll be better in a few days, but I’ve been so suicidal this month that having anything go wrong just feels like a death sentence. I’m running on absolute empty and whilst the intellectual part of my brain knows that I will probably start functioning again, right now I just want it all to stop. I don’t even have the energy to make this a proper letter (in the ultimate irony I’ve not killed myself many times because I haven’t found the energy to write letters first). 

I don’t know what I want out of writing this, I think my sadness just feels so disconnected that I hope turning it into something will give it meaning. I’m just so tired of trying, I feel like I’m fighting to stay alive everyday but I also don’t want to be alive; and this paradox is slowly killing me. 

The next few days will be bad for me, I struggle to stay alive when I have no reasons to want to die, but this current pain and sickness is giving me a legitimacy I don’t usually have. I’m always shocked to learn I have a no lowest point. If you’ve read this far, wish me luck I guess? Sorry this wasn’t really anything substantive, apparently I don’t have that in me tonight.