PlanningShort story. 17 year old student, am bipolar (taking pills for emotional stability) have battled deppression for a long time (for me atleast) i am a perfectionist, i am a germophobe, my main sin is pride. All through my life, i have been denied. Love? I am hopeless, i have been friendzoned and denied. I have never had a girlfriend yet i lost my virginity to a girl who manipulated me and tricked me to then leave me. I have been good at everything in school until now, my memory is starting to fail and my first failed test started some month ago. I started cheating on that test like everyone else. I started to get near F tests more and more. For each time my confidence sank, now it may not sound like a big deal, but in my brain? Its everything, i want to be special, perfect, better than those who fail. I have layed down countless of hours crying, i have thought countless times on how i should hang myself, yet each time i think for myself "what about my mom? She is deppressed already and she will kill herself if i do" that has stopped me alot. But right now, i have no feelings. We had a national test today, i planned it, even though i had 5 other tests and assignements. Everything was perfect, yet when i came up to the stage, i couldnt say anything. The speech was to be 3 minutes long or i would fail, it was 1 minute long. I stuttered, i couldnt come up with anything, i was panicking. Everyone else passed, the failed students too. I thought to myself with confidence, "i have everything planned, the cord, everything" i dont know if i care anymore. I am scared but i need to do this, i cant handle things anymore. My life has been a big failure, i have not achieved a single thing. I dont know why i am writing this, maybe to calm myself, maybe to realize something, this sounds like a novell, but its not. I want to hang myself, but i am afraid, i usually neglect any advice of any kind, i dont know why. Its just who i am. What should i do? I know there is countless of people here who has it worse, that i may sound like a hormone filled, over dramatic "its just a phase" teenager. But i need help..i dont want to talk to the people at school, not the therapist that they gave me to see if i had bipolarity, here i can open up. Please help me