Warrants, broke, and now homeless.First off, I know I'm getting everything I deserve for what I've done. 

I've lived in stress for the last year and a half. It started with my girlfriend breaking up with me, then fucking a dude the same night. I had already been into drugs, but then I took it to another level. I started doing 2 or 3 bars a day, drinking all the time, did heroin. I stopped all that after a month of not talking to her. I was sober. But during that time when we had broken up, we had hung out and I had stolen $600 from my work while on bars. We used all that on drugs, got really fucked up and were happy. But I got caught for that. I had to go to court, my dad paid for the lawyer. It wasn't cheap. Well, I got off easy. 1 year probation, repay the money, 50 hours community service and I wouldn't have anything on my record. Well, the second time I went to meet with my PO I couldn't get myself to pee in the cup. I was clean, I knew I was clean, but I couldn't do it for some reason. I told them I couldn't a few times, then waited in the lobby. Eventually I just left, walked right out without doing anything. So I have a warrant out for that. Now I also had been driving around without insurance because I wasn't working, so theres a warrant for that as well. My car now, I used old plates from the old car. So that's illegal and they're expired. And the newer car I bought, I didn't check the guys ID if it matched the one on the title. He forged the guys name. So I'm not even sure if it's stolen or not. Whenever I have to drive it's so stressful. On top of all of this, my lease just ended and I have nowhere to go. I'm homeless. I have no friends that can take me in. My dad and stepmom have disowned me. My mother is 20 hours away and won't let me stay with her. I have no friends or family to live in. Just a car. I have $20 to my name and a quarter tank of gas. I'm trying to get down to my girlfriend which is only 30 minutes away, and stay in that area. Today I stayed at a fast food place for hours applying to everything on Craigslist, Indeed, and Snagajob. 

But when it gets down to it, I've fucked around my whole life. I ruined my credit for drugs. I've fucked over my friends and family for drugs. I have no one, and I can't go back to school since I failed out of that. I applied for the job corps so maybe something will come of that. 

Anyways, I feel like all I have to live for is this girl. We've been through a lot together and she's the most important thing to me. She's why I haven't gone ahead and done this already. 

My car has an exhaust leak, before the cat under the drivers seat and it's older. I've felt the effects of CO2 poisoning from sitting in it for too long not moving while it's running. I know I could easily just kill myself in my sleep. Tonight I think I will. 