I was recovering until a recent affair, now I'm back where I wasI spent over 10 years horribly depressed, 2 suicide attempts and horribly hopeless.  


A few years ago after a failed attempt using pills, I finally just quit my job and focused only on a program, medication and group therapy and after a year I felt much better.   
Since then I've done very well professionally, I've lost 70 lbs in the past 6 months, I wasn't exactly happy but I was improving steadily and getting stronger.  


I had it in my mind that I was going to wait until I was closer to a goal weight and in a better place to pursuing dating or anything, but of course, along came a girl.   
I was absolutely thunderstruck by her, and she seemed incredibly into me right away.   
The problem was she's married.   


At first I didn't know what to make of it, I figured she had a crush but wouldn't do anything, but after a week or two it was clear she was initiating having an affair and I went along with it.   
She'd tell me what she liked about me, what was wrong with her husband, she'd talk about a whole life together, where we'd live, the names of our kids, how she'd considered divorce many times before, what type of pets we'd get, what adventurous things we'd do sexually etc..   
Every time we saw each other we'd go right to bed and stay there for hours, doing whatever, holding each other...   
I felt so loved, I loved her so much, I just believed everything she said, I thought it was real and she meant it and we'd be together for real.  
For a few weeks I was happy, not just 'fine'. I thought she was really the one and after 37 horrible years, this was what happiness really was and despite her current marriage, we'd get through it and we'd get to be happy together.  


I'd had relationships before, including a 8 year long one, but I never felt like this, I was fine, I guess I was in love before too, but never really happy, and the longest one, essentially came down to me not wanting to marry her because I knew it wasn't right.   
But everything about this felt right to me.   


As everyone except me already knew, of course she was lying. She never had any intention of divorcing the guy, she was talking about and living in a little fantasy world, at the start she was willing to have the affair, but fairly quickly she started feeling horribly guilty about it and after a bit of pulling back and re-engaging a few times, she finally broke it off completely. (Not until after trying to keep me around as 'just a friend' which I finally told her was too painful to me and I couldn't)   


Now I feel used, manipulated, lied to, I feel stupid for not knowing this is what was going to happen, I feel pathetic for caring about her still, I feel like I deserve this too since obviously fucking some other guy's wife isn't a nice thing to do to begin with, but I believed her that he was awful and angry at her all the time.   


But I think even more fundamentally, I tasted the 'happy' that I think other people can feel, and it's gone now.   
I loved her so completely, more than anyone I ever have, and I have to deal with the fact that none of it was real and she never loved me back. 

Something I was so certain about was completely wrong and I am absolutely devastated.   


It's been weeks now and I'm still near or in tears every day, I am back to thinking about and planning suicide every day. 

I had a surgery several months back, and 2 days after the surgery I had an incident where I almost bled out and died, but 911 made it in time, but as I was passing out I genuinely thought I was dying, and I felt fine about it, very calm.   


I know in past suicide attempts I was also scared, I did methods like taking pills, and it turned out in my most recent that of course the stuff I had been prescribed I would have needed to take like 500 to OD on.   


But I think it'll be easier this time after that experience, I'm less scared of it. 

I just don't want to keep going, I'm sure there's some way to find someone else or find something else or whatever that could theoretically make me happy again, but I don't want to.   


I just want to stop here and just die and not do it any more. I know she's really just a trigger to bring this back, but as pathetic as that is, it is what it is and I'm not going to do it again.   


  
