Don't know where to go anymoreThis is hard for me to explain, so I'm going to start at the beginning.

Around this time two months ago, I first started noticing the symptoms of what I now know is depression. I thought nothing of it, figuring it was a combination of stress from school, martial arts, BSA, and my future, as I was graduating high school in June. 

Despite having to come home several days that semester because I just could not make it through the day without a breakdown, I still decided thats what it was

I figured it would get better after a few months. Wrap up school and scouts, get ready for college, no problem. But it didn't. I made it through the summer, hiding everything from my family. It slacked off near July; I thought I was right after all. But in August, I moved to freshman year of college, and everything came back full-force. Again, this was attributed to school and a new experience. I didn't want to be "one of those" people who tried to self-diagnose their problems.

So I got worse. I first harmed myself in November. I don't know why, I can't explain why. I just started and couldn't stop.
On January 4, 2015 I was alone and attempted to end it all. I couldn't finish it. I don't know if I was too weak, too attached, or what it was. All I could do was put it away and make sure no one knew what happened.

This last year was a constant fight just to keep going. Many mornings I woke up with nothing to get going, while most nights were spent awake silently crying so I wouldn't wake my roommate or writing my notes and last will in my head. I was officially diagnosed in February, by a school psychologist who I made sure would reveal no information. I want to a therapist for the majority of that spring semester, and it helped for a day or so at a time. I just wanted to make it to summer; I thought being with my family would make it better.

None of this makes sense to me.  I've got a guaranteed job in the future, a great family, strong friends, and a almost full-ride to school.  I got my Eagle scout, progressed through my belts quickly in martial arts, and get very good grades.  Everything is going right for me so far.

But here I am, and I'm going here because there's no where else to go. I can't go to my family, the few friends I told abandoned me or have just lost contact. I even made a second profile just in case my brother ended up here and found me.  I can't get meds or better help because it's a one-way ticket out of the Army; if I lose my only dream, I don't know what'd I'd do. And there's nothing where I am; Austria is a far distance from the states.

I tried to run away from my problems by coming to Europe, and all that ended up happening is that I'm so far from home and the little comfort it gives. Alcohol makes me feel nothing, but I can't go that route. I know what happens in the end, and if I make it out of here that's not the person I want to be. I used video games as an escape, but that's only temporary. When I get off, everything is still there.  It may sound stupid, but music admittedly helps for the moment, but everything is still temporary.  

I don't think I can do this anymore. The constant fight just keep myself alive is wearing me down. I don't want to hurt my family and friends, but I only have two choices here. Either I get help and lose my dream, or I lose my life. I don't want to hurt those people that I care for, but what can I do? How am I supposed to put everything I have worked for in my life away because I'm too weak?  How am I supposed to choose between my life or my future?  I just feel like everything I try to do ends up failing even if its not. Every day and night are filled with thoughts of giving up, to the point where I find myself actively looking for the most painless and quiet way out.  I'm just tired of feeling like shit.  I know for now there's still some part that's holding on, but I just can't keep going on like this.  I don't think I'm going to make it through this semester alive, and I'm scared.   