In a long-distance relationship. My girlfriend talks about suicide frequently.This is a pretty long read; I apologize. I'm just looking for advice as to how I can make sure she doesn't hurt herself when I'm not physically there. The first half is probably irrelevant, but I'm writing this as much to sort things out myself as I am to put it out there and get some advice.

**Below is some context. Skip over it, please -- maybe come back and read it if you need more information about the problem.**

I'm 17 and she's 16. We met in elementary but didn't really connect until years later. I moved across the country in 9th grade. We talked a lot online and became good friends. When I was 15, in the summer of 2010, I asked her out. She said yes. Of course, we were 5000 kilometers away -- we weren't really dating. We were relying on each other for emotional support. After seven months of talking and texting daily, I flew out to see her in March 2011.

Fortunately, we were just as compatible in real-life as we were online. I spent a fun week with her, traveled the city, went on a few dates, and then I left. In the summer of 2011, I flew out to see her again. I stayed with my aunt (she lives in the same city), and I spent another two months with my girlfriend. Looking back, that summer was undoubtedly the happiest time of my life. I don't know if she feels the same way.

Well, I flew home at the end of August. This is where I confess that I wasn't an amazing boyfriend: I was controlling. Going 7 months without seeing her, I lived in perpetual fear that someone else would steal her away and I wouldn't even know about it. She liked it when I felt jealous, and she'd often talk about how guys flirted with her in class. I'm certain she didn't cheat on me though.

Well, in September 2011, I logged into her facebook and dug through some of her conversations. She wanted a boy's cell number so she could text him and *gasp* hang out. Being the control freak that I was, I immediately confronted her and said this wasn't cool. Yeah, pretty dumb move on my part. She responded by telling me I clearly didn't care about her and I was strangling her. She said she wanted to date him and not me, but I'm sure in retrospect this was her trying to make me jealous.

Well, okay. So we "broke it off". I was bitter. I messaged her mom (who I'd become well-acquainted with over the summer; she loved me like a son) and told her the whole story. Her parents were angry that their daughter would dump me for a 19 year old she just met. They took every effort to make sure she didn't hang out with him. Her parents tried to get us back together, but it wasn't a real relationship, and I know she only said "yes" because she was forced into it. It lasted a week and then we broke up again.

I stopped talking to her. She accused me of "ruining her life," because now her parents hated her and wouldn't let her do what she wanted. I was heartbroken and depressed. I didn't have much of a social life, and losing her meant I had no one to talk to, so I spent the next year alone. I'd go through days where I didn't speak to anyone. If I did speak, it was to answer questions in class. I slept as soon as I got home, and I'd wake up past midnight, heat up dinner, and kill time on the internet until I had to get ready for school. My parents work night shift, so with my bizarre sleeping habits, we only saw each other every couple of days.

I started skipping a lot of school. I finished 11th grade with a 56% attendance rate. My grades were okay so my parents didn't do much. I spent the summer of 2012 cooped up in my room, on reddit or playing games or watching anime. I didn't shave for two months, and grew a pretty significant beard (for a teenager, anyway); when I went back to school in September it was with the same apathy I had the previous year. I still didn't talk to anyone. I still hated going to class.

I decided I'd reach out, so I messaged my ex. Turns out she'd gone through a rough patch, too. She had a brief bisexual phase. Her ex-girlfriend broke up with her and she nearly killed herself. She started cutting and failed most of her tenth grade classes. Over the summer, she started dating a new guy. He was unstable and had severe anger issues (something I've never experienced); not physically abusive, but very much so, emotionally.

She was cutting more than ever with her new boyfriend. This was when she first expressed her suicidal thoughts to me. For as much as I hated my life, I'd never thought of killing myself: I couldn't relate. She withdrew from physical school and started attending online. She was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and prescribed lithium. She didn't talk to anyone but her boyfriend (in real life) and me (online). At the beginning of November 2012, she told me her boyfriend was threatening to kill himself. She didn't know what to do.

She's always been an emotionally abusive person. She'd go through mood swings where she'd tell me she hated me and wanted me to die, that I was worthless, and that she had no idea why I was still alive. Being told that sort of thing has never bothered me -- I don't get upset or angry over that, no matter who it's coming from. The only person that can make me feel like shit is myself (the true power of honed apathy).

Well, her boyfriend wasn't like me. He couldn't put up with her insults or abuse. So I told her, honestly, what I thought she should do: break up with him. She declined. Well, whatever. A week later she's complaining about him again. He's talking about how much she hurts him. He's whining about how awful she makes him feel. She thinks his messages are hilarious. *"This is it,"* I think. *"I'm going to break them up."*

I still feel like an asshole for this, but I think it was for the best. I told her to toy with his feelings some more. She called him a whiny bitch. He started texting her, saying he was leaving his house and laying down on the road in the rain. It was 2AM. She showed me the text. She started feeling a bit remorseful. I told her it was his fault. She said she should apologize. I told her she should teach him a lesson and "pretend" to break up with him. She declined. I took matters into my own hands.

At this time, he wasn't aware that she talked to me. He barely knew I existed. Well, I sent him a message on facebook.

"Hey, I'm Christie's ex. Just wondering how the road feels in the middle of the night? It can't be very comfortable! Your texts to her were just too hilarious. You're pathetic, man."

...yeah. I'm not even going to try to make up an excuse. That was a shitty thing to do. But from my perspective, I felt I was in the right. It was his fault she was cutting, it was his fault she was depressed, everything was his fault -- and I just wanted to separate them.

Well, he was broken. His trust in her shattered in an instant. I was on Skype with her at the time and I saw her cell ring. She tells me he's crying. She asks what I did. I showed her the message I sent him and all the blood drained from her face. He said something and hung up. She ended the Skype call and told me she was going to bed. I did the same. The next day, she's messaging me, telling me he broke up with her. He showed up at her door in tears and handed her an empty drink bottle that they'd bought on their first date (?????) and then left. I told her it was for the best.

For what it's worth, I don't think he ever had plans to kill himself. He'd been in a few relationships where he'd pull the same shit. To this day, I'm almost certain it was an attempt to control her. The fact that he was with another girl a week later leads me to think he wasn't terribly hurt by the experience.

Flash ahead two weeks. She's not cutting anymore. She hasn't stopped talking to me, despite what I did. I broach the question: "Maybe we should try dating again? We're both more mature now." She asked for some time to think about it, so I gave her some space.

On November 27, she told me she wanted us to date again. I happily agreed.

**Consider the above a long-winded attempt to provide some context. What's below is the heart of the problem.**

My girlfriend's family is unsupportive. I'm the only person she trusts. She hates her mother, who she feels is stifling her. She attends classes online but doesn't do any of the work. She's worried she'll fail and have to spend even longer stuck in a house of people who belittle her interests and deny her privacy. Her parents took off the door to her bedroom because they "don't know what she's doing up there." She leaves the house quite frequently -- excursions to the library, mostly. She stopped taking her lithium medication at her psychiatrist's advice (the side effects were pretty bad). She has rough mood swings, but hasn't cut since we started dating.

She frequently breaks down and insults me and my lifestyle (which I don't mind; if it makes her feel better, it is a small price to pay.) She'll always apologize hours later, and I know she doesn't mean any of it. She's told me she wants to die.

Next summer, when I turn 18, I'm moving out to where she is to attend college. I'll be moving in less than 7 months. Until then, I'm just a voice on the internet, but I'm confident that if she lasts that long, I'll be able to do more. I've encouraged her to make friends, and she talks to many people (though only online.)

I'm seriously worried she'll kill herself. We've talked, and since I'm going to be renting an apartment for college anyway, we're going to move in together. Her parents can't legally stop her and I'm confident once she's out of her house and with someone she genuinely cares about (and who genuinely cares back) things will get easier. Living with her is my "goal"; it's what keeps me going.

Seven months is a long time, though. As far as I know, she doesn't think about killing herself every day. It's less than once a week. But that's still frequent, and it scares me. Yesterday, her mom took away her cellphone. This is scary. I want her to know she can talk to me whenever, but without a phone, that's pretty hard. Her parents are home most of the day, but there's nothing stopping her from walking 20 minutes to the LRT station and throwing herself in front of a train.

I need to know how to respond to her when she says "I want to die." I tell her I'm here for her, that I need her, that she's really important to me — and this has worked so far, but I don't know if it'll still work 7 months from now. It should get easier as time passes, but when you're 16, seven months feels like forever. I want to help her cope anyway I can, but I don't know what I can do.