Easing the pain left behindI wish i'd died 4 years ago, that's when I left the house with the intention to kill myself, i'd have saved everyone a lot of suffering if I had and by now i'd be largely forgotten and the benefits of my absence would be obvious... I couldn't go through with it though, my father was out of the country on a work trip at the time and the thought of him getting that phone call when they dragged my body out of the reservoir was enough to make me reconsider. I concluded that I hadn't tried everything yet, How could I do something that I knew would cause so much grief to him if I hadn't tried everything first? He didn't even know I was depressed, it'd have come completely out of the blue.  


It took another 15 months before I was able to tell my father I was depressed. Every year we have a big family get together at Christmas, and I just couldn't face seeing them all that year and obviously he wanted to know why not. It was a short conversation and very little was actually said, I couldn't tell him I had a plan, that i'd tried on several occasions to write a suicide note, that I'd once left the house with the intention never to return home or that he was the only reason I was still here... it was too hard.

At my request, he agreed to push me, nag me, until I reached out for help. I needed someone to push me, I was clearly incapable of reaching out if left to my own devices, much to my shame. It took a few months to get there but I eventually made an appointment with my GP who referred me to a therapist, with a 6 month waiting list. I waited, counting down the days. After 1 short session I was recommended anti-depressants but declined, You see, I'd quit my job a couple of years earlier, which I no longer felt able to do, as it had only further fuelled my depression. I started to accumulate debt and had my account frozen. I stopped opening the letters... all letters... They never had anything in them that didn't make me feel worse. I'm entirely financially dependant on my father. I didn't have the money to pay for the prescription.

I went down to the bank to try and get a new account, but I didn't have the required identification... which I could't afford to purchase... I can't get an account without I.D and I can't get I.D without money, which I can't get without an account for it to go into. That broke me, It'd taken so much effort to try and change my situation and I failed at the first hurdle.  


After a couple more sessions, the therapist suggested a break from weekly appointments whilst I looked for a solution... I never went back... It had proved fruitless anyway, amounting to being told "set yourself daily goals, and do them". I felt that I was a lost cause, that his time was better spent on someone who he may actually be able to help.

I'm not sure how long it's been since then, but here I am, still staring at a screen each day until I can go to sleep, the same as every other day for the best part of a decade, still locking myself away, not leaving the house, barely even leaving my bedroom. I isolated myself from everyone else years ago, but my fathers the one person who I can't push away as I live with him.  


 I can't keep doing it anymore, I tried to get better for his sake, and have failed spectacularly, So I no longer feel like I haven't done enough to try and have begun my final preparations. I've started the monumental task of tidying my room after years of neglect (it's not hoarders level, but it's not pleasant). It's one less thing he'll have to do when i'm gone, one less thing for me to feel guilty about. I'm chipping away at it when I have the energy, but I can't do much before I'm exhausted. Then it's wiping my computers HDD's, which i'll do on my last day... There's nothing I'm trying to hide, I'd just rather not have someone invading my privacy as weird as that sounds.  
 My suicide plan has changed over the years, which i think is the one positive thing to come out of my failure to commit to it last time, I can hang myself right here, listening to music, that feels better than walking for hours and drowning myself in a dark unfamiliar place for some poor random soul to find me. I can leave my father a warning at the start of my suicide note telling him what I've done, and not to enter my room as well as what to expect when he calls 999... I don't imagine that'll stop him rushing into my room and discovering my body himself (something I wanted to avoid) but i'll throw a bag over my head and tuck it under the rope so at least he won't see my disfigured face. 

It's just the rest of my suicide note that I'm still really struggling with it. I'm really worried about my dad in the immediate aftermath of my death, and I want to do whatever i can to ease his suffering, I want to be able to answer any questions he has, to ensure he doesn't blame himself in any way. I want to express how sorry I am and that I have to believe he'll find a way to be okay long enough for the initial grief to fade and the reality that he's better off without me being a burden to begin to show. I don't want to come across as demanding anything from him though, I don't want him to feel ever feel that he's failed me or betrayed my wishes.

  
I know this'll be the last thing i'll ever say to him, and that he'll likely read it over and over again, trying to pick out every bit of meaning from it, so i'm picking over every word trying to get it just right so it can't be misinterpreted as anything but something that's trying to bring him some comfort. Every time I think I've got it right, i read it back a few hours later and it doesn't seem like it's enough...