A New LowI feel really weak. Growing up, my future was flooded with the ideas I'd magically turn into a handsome, smart, extrovert, who had no problem with life, and lived for the next day. Now, I can't wait till I can get to bed and shut it all off. I am close to being 25 and I am no where close to being the type of guy I imagined myself becoming. I have a true love and compassion for all people, yet all the love and compassion I have, has led me to feeling like this. I have recently found out I have herpes (cold sores) and can only assume I've given it to other people. I hate myself so much. I don't do a damn thing to contribute, and all I care about is impressing friends I see often. I'm at a major road block in my life, and I'd rather sit and look at it, rather than make a choice. All I ever do is think about traveling, or getting away from everyone I know, and just starting over. All I ever do, is try to escape current feelings. I just want to be a good person, but feel completely diminished to the point where I don't think I can be anything. I want death. I could go into how much I hate the way our society conducts itself, but it feels like I'm just doing it so to make me feel better. I just want to be a human being, I don't want to be defined by my job. I want to love, and be loved, but feel like such a leper. I hate looking at my face everyday, seeing a cold sore. I hate that the only thing a person can say, is it's a part of growing up or make better choices. I wish we as human beings could turn our efforts to helping people, and not turn people against each other. Sometimes I feel like people can see how bad I want to leave this Earth,  and in turn feel bad about themselves, because they probably think their the reason I want to die. I thought about my dad dying about an hour ago (he's still alive) and I was even more crushed, because I don't think I'm strong enough for it in any sort of way. Especially going down the road I am, I will have showed him how all his efforts and life have led me to consistent drinking and smoking weed daily. It hurts me as well, how much resentment I have towards my mother. Not that she's been that bad of a mom, but I really just don't like the person she is. Whats worse is how similar her and I are. I'm a mommy's boy that does similar things to her. I hate all the times, I talk with close friends, and people I admire, and they catch themselves about to say something that would be demeaning to me. Because I'm 24, live at home, barely go to school, have cold sores and strongly suspect I have them too(I've never told them I have them, because "they would never be cool with someone who had them") I wish I never impacted anyones life. I have truly felt the reality, of "growing up" and all I want to do is stop growing.