I always thought that if I hit my lowest point, people would support me.I'm at the lowest point I've ever been. The love of my life is no longer interested. He cheats on me, and I don't feel like he loves me anymore but I can't control my feelings or let go of him. 

I didn't have depression, anxiety, or whatever other issues I've developed before this relationship. I've dealt with trauma and abuse how I would consider healthily. This is so much different. I don't even know how to explain. I think it may be because I love him so much.

He's made it clear to me that I can't talk to him about my feelings because he can't handle it. He shuts down. I came to a close friend as a last resort because I'm scared of my suicidal thoughts, but he told me to never talk to him about that ever again. It's all bottling up so much. 

I don't know what to do. I don't really have anyone else I can talk to. I don't have a therapist, and talking to someone on a hotline didn't do much of anything considering I'm so calm about the thought of ending everything. 

I haven't talked to either one since. I don't think they would even notice for days if I died. My parents are the only ones who would, but I can't talk to them about my mental health. I tried to tell them and I completely broke down. My mom told me that she has real problems to deal with and doesn't care if I'm depressed. My dad talked with me for a while but thinks all of my thoughts are normal because he had mental health problems too. I don't know how to be strong like he was and power through it to the end. 

I don't feel like anyone takes me seriously or understands how I really feel. I can't bring myself to commit suicide, but I can't function as a normal human being. I don't want to be institutionalized since all of the mental health facilities in my area are...really bad to say the least. The way I am now at least I get to eat 3 times a day and sleep in my own bed. 

I feel like I'm at the end of my rope and I have no other options anymore. I can't do it, but I almost can't give up, either. I just need someone who cares about me.