RamblingI have struggled with depression and anxiety for my entire life as a teenager and young adult. For many years, my parents did not accept depression, anxiety, or ADHD as an excuse to "do poorly" in life. 



At this point I have been dealing with depression for about 8 years with no medical treatment or therapy. Feeling backed into a corner by a family that didn't believe or understand this condition, I have self medicated my entire life. Drug abuse has heavily impacted my life causing me to drop out of multiple colleges and has strained my personal relationships with many people including my father. 



I wasn't always a bad person, but for awhile now I have been unable to help myself or anyone around me for the fact that I'm consumed by my own intent to feel better. I feel that I have become selfish and greedy, only thinking about getting high or wasting money on things I don't need because for some reason fast-food and video-games take the pain away.



Fortunately I still have a few loving friends around that genuinely care about my well-being, but I know it is hard for them to love someone who seemingly refuses to get better. 



It's been about two years since I have been sure that my death will come at a young age by suicide. While I don't want this to happen, I feel weak and empty to the point of being beyond escaping it. Most of the time, I don't even want to get better because I simply can't bring myself to go through the torture of eating healthy, getting clean, and working. I know I need medication and therapy but I am too anxious and numb to get help.



I'm not sure what this is--maybe an open letter to people who know me best--some kind of explanation for my actions. I am truly sorry for what I have allowed myself to turn into and regret the bad things I've done during the last years I've spent alive. Somewhere deep inside me is an amazing person but it has been a long time since I've seen him. I like to imagine myself dying a hero somehow, sacrificing my life for someone better. I wonder who I could've been if I had greater will-power or my parents had understood my condition when I was younger. 



Anyway, I wish anyone reading this a happy and full life. A life you never imagined you could have. I love everyone. 