I'm only alive for my daughterAll I can think of is how much I don't want to live. I've had these thoughts for years, but recently it's so pervasive. 
My relationship is a pile of crap. I'm literally waiting for my daughters first birthday to be done with in the next week and then I'm probably going to have to move out and find me and her a new place to live. My partner is such a negative whiney man that it's destroying me. I can't do anything right in his eyes. I'm a fuck up, I'm a bitch, I'm mental (I have PMDD). 
Since our daughters birth he just can't accept the way his life is now and constantly groans about his lost freedom. Even though he hasn't lost any. I do everything for our daughter. Everything. He can make plans to do what he wants without giving her a thought. Whereas I need to find a babysitter if I want to do anything adult and take her with me to anything else. I have had to take her to my smear appointment and to my dentist appointments because he doesn't like that she won't let him eat alone or play his PlayStation in peace (he's 27). He says his days off work aren't restful because of me and her. 
Going back to work after my maternity leave has made him so resentful because he sometimes has to have her while I'm at work. I love her so much she's my pride and joy. She is all I have to live for and I have to exist for her because I don't want to be a shit mum like mine was and ruin her life because I can't get my shit together like my mother did to me. 
But I'm so so sad and I just want to not be here. I feel so selfish because my best friend has cancer again but I live so far away now because I stayed here with my partner after university and rarely get to go home. How can I want to die when my best friend doesn't have the choice and she's fighting every day to stay here. 
I'm an embarrassment and I hate myself.  Even if I break up with my partner I can't move home because he can force me to stay here because I can't take his daughter away from him. I'm trapped. I've trapped myself. 
I feel like I'm suffocating. She is the only thing tethering me here. It hurts me to think she'd be without me if I did die. She is my only reason to be alive. 