i’ve hit one of the lowest points of my life and it feels as though it’s just overtw: my life is pretty messed up with family stuff and just the inability to be mentally stable and even when i(f16) was a little kid.  i remember thinking about how i wanted to die and stuff and obviously i was too little to actually know what was going on.  recently i hit a very low point and it was an automatic life halt because i was doing very good and was i think a month clean off of self harm and about a year clean off of overdosing ibuprofen.  a week ago today i sh again and i overdosed too and it wasn’t even a suicide attempt i was just trying to feel nothing? i don’t know honestly why i did it i just did.  but i told my friend and the police got called and i had to go to the hospital.  they ran tests on me to make sure the overdose didn’t hurt me and i had to sit there for around ten hours and i just stared off or cried the whole time.  then a social worker came in and talked to me and i don’t know why but when she asked the questions if i had ever felt suicidal before or self harmed i told her no because i wanted to get discharged.  i was scared that if i told the truth i would be put in the bsu and i didn’t want that to happen.  so when i had my psychiatrist evaluation to be allowed to leave i lied then too.  so since i got home from the hospital all i’ve wanted to do is actually commit suicide.  i just feel like at this point i’m kind of just beyond repair because i don’t think i can make it to my first therapist appointment on monday let alone until i turn eighteen.  and being at my house made it worse because i was being treated as if i was in the bsu.  so i ended up leaving and living with my brother(m25) for a little bit so i could be treated normally and not be around my parents.  but i pinky swore(yes ik it’s dumb) to my friend i would not like at the therapist because he wants me to actually get help after he’s heard everything i’ve said about how close i feel to committing suicide all the time.  and just like i don’t even know what to do anymore because i feel like the only thing that would make me happy is if i actually wasn’t too pussy to commit suicide.  

tl;dr i overdosed with no suicidal intention and now suicide is all i can think about doing