Is it the solution?Hello people that read this post, before anything I want to tell you a little about me and my life so you can try to understand my situation and maybe give me some advice. 

First of all I´m a 16 y/o that lives in Mexico, which life changed in a blink of an eye. Before 2018 my life was great, my family had plenty of money, I was doing good at school, my problems were minimal, you could say I was kind of a spoiled brat and I had a pretty nice life overall. In 2016 my mom got divorced from my dad but i didn't cared at all because my dad was still paying for everything I wanted, but at the end of 2017 I got really fucked up in a party and I had to go to the hospital for alcohol intoxication. Everything changed after that, my father stopped giving me money for a long time which I didn't mind that much because I still got money from my mom even though it was less. I was like that for about 4 - 5 months until i failed 2 classes (In my school if you fail a class you have to redo the whole course and it costs about $750). I remember my father not being mad at me but rather he was dissapointed, because I'm not going to lie I have all the potential to get A+ in all of my classes but my laziness stops me from doing that. Long story short I got grounded and had to repeat my classes in summer instead of going to Germany in a exchange trip. 

I was given the opportunity to redeem myself this semester to get good grades and to take advantage of the education that my parents pay for me but.... I didn't. The difference now is that I cant have another opportunity because my father stopped paying for my school and now my mother has to care of it, she works a 9-5 job and barely gets enough money to pay a semester in my school. And do you know how I pay her back, by doing drugs, drowning myself in alcohol, fuck around in the club (Yes, in Mexico it is particularly easy going to the club with a fake ID), getting to my home late and spending all the money that i have left. 

I honestly feel like shit, not for doing this to me but for doing this to my mother. Honestly I´ve been thinking of many ways of killing myself but I know that killing myself isn't going to make things better, right now i cant do anything to change the situation I'm in and the only thing that I can do is wait. I really don't know if i can make things right again, I just wish I´d die in a car accident or something because I know that if i kill myself my mother would kill herself too but i really don´t want to live anymore, I already wasted my life and I'm just about to turn 17 apart from that life is boring and fake. Almost everybody in this society is just fake, trying to like other people when they are just hypocrites. Needless to say I don´t know if I´ll end up killing myself but back to the first question, is it the solution? 