Feeling hopeless, defeated, etc.Yeah, the usual bullshit. I know I'm not unique in anyway with this shit, but I figured it might help to type all of this out.

So basically I've been depressed for roughly 1o years (I'm 21). I finally started seeing a professional in October after coming out with it to my girlfriend. I started on some antidepressants and also some therapy. Things were ok, but then it bottomed out in February when I swallowed all of my antidepressants after a drunken argument with my girlfriend. I was fine, just had to spend some time in a hospital. 

So since then I'm on a new regimen of antidepressants and I've been seeing a therapist fairly regularly. It was ok in April, but May has been one giant slide downhill for me. I started by feeling a little depressed randomly, but ignored it. Now it's pretty much full-blown. I fucked up pretty badly, and my girlfriend broke up with me. I graduated from college but have no motivation to even try to look for a job. I don't see a fucking point.

I fucked up. I alienated the one person I can talk to about this stuff and that can make me feel better. I have no promising future at all. I really just don't give a fuck about anything. I feel like I'm going to commit suicide sooner or later, so it really doesn't matter if I find a job. I'm not sure when it'll happen, but everyday that goes by confirms my belief that I will do it. That I will **have** to do it.

I can't take much more of this misery that I am constantly in. I feel like there is no point in talking to any of my friends or family, as they already tried to help me so much in February. I don't think there's a point in asking for help now. I'm fairly certain that this is something that is going to last for the rest of my life. I can't stand the thought of existing in this hellhole for any longer.

Why should I?

And I feel like a whiny loser for complaining about all of this. I feel pretty disgusted by myself and my weaknesses too. 

Anyway, I've felt shitty all day. And so I was hoping to talk to my now ex-girlfriend tonight (we've been talking since we broke up). Originally she had agreed, but then she just blew me off.

I'm not really sure why I'm posting this. I guess I'm hoping for something, but I don't know what. I have a thousand more things to write about depression related, but fuck it. You get the general picture.

So that's it, reddit. I'm feeling hopeless and the one person I feel like I can talk to is gone.
