Mood swingsFuck. Fuck. My ideation about this topic is here, once again. I'm tired of switching between happy, grateful for everything to everything is shit and no one cares about me. When I am in this bad mood I tell myself the positive times will probably come around in a few days, but I still feel bad. On the good days I know it is temporary and in a few days I feel normal an then gradually worse again. It's always like that. I sometimes wonder if I have rapid cycling manic-depression, but I don't bother.

My friends are pissing me off now, my job, my parents for making me. I feel like I inherited the worst of all my parents and developed other irreversible traits that make me less compatible with people and feed my loneliness. I got the emotional stability of my mother (or lack of), I got the social skills of my father (or lack of), I grew up with no friends whatsoever most of the time, so my father probably even has better social skills than I do. I fucking hate it, I am so tired I want everyone to fuck off and let me die. I've accepted that I won't have a relationship, I accepted I am too fucking weird, lazy, this, that, I accepted that I purposely destroy myself to stay sane in this world of fucking insanity, to get through 9-5, but after I still work on other projects and go to the gym from 10pm to midnight. I fucking accepted that I won't ever make it with music, though I've reached more than I even imagined when I started. I accepted I was bullied into panic disorder as a kid and no one even care. I accept that I get fucking judged for my looks, interests, this, that. I accept that 99% of people are shit that don't deserve to live, yet I don't want to live. I want to destroy the lives of everyone as they did with morality and the planet and then kill myself. That's my dream. Unfortunately that's close to impossible. The second one is to go on a bigger tour and then take a gun. Probably will enter Club27 just for fun, but that means I need to live 6 more years. Fuck.