What's holding me back?I'm 19, I was pregnant at 17 with a guy who left for the Air Force and was pretty much nonexistent for the first two months of my pregnancy. I was all alone trying to figure out what to do. After my parents found out they just saw me as a huge disappointment and my sister and mom and her side of the family all forced me to keep the kid. Ultimately it was my choice but if I didn't keep him my parents who kick me out and not pay for my college. I didn't have a driver's license or anything to my name. Just a baby on it's way. The baby's dad was on and off, he'd cheat on me, want to get back together, then dump me again. So me and my pregnant emotions took a toll, I was depressed my entire pregnancy. Once the baby was born I had to deal with the stress of no job, no school, no anything. My parents daily made me feel like shit and sometimes I feel like all they're trying to do is punish me for having a baby. My family is falling apart. Now I work at a shitty fast food place. I still don't have my own car, any schooling, I have a misdemeanor because I made a stupid choice, I think my poor judgement was dur to the post partum. I don't know, but now all I can get are shitty jobs that pay nothing. My entire family hates me, no one will talk to me let alone listen. I can't support my child and he's going to be under guardianship of my parents. I Have Nothing. All I have is myself, a few friends and a job that pays about 7.70 (with taxes taken out) I have no car, no way to go to college and I'm in debt. Why the fuck do I keep pushing on? Oh, and my parents are kicking me out soon. I don't know where to go. But they always say things like, if you disappear they'd be happy. They've called me a cancer to the family, shit like that. I never wanted to keep the baby until I realized that I had an ultimatum and that I was supposed to have help from everyone around me in the family... yea... that never happened. Honestly, I've wanted to end this years ago but kept pushing and now I just have no will to live. Maybe it'll get better. But it honestly just gets worse. I could go on with details but I fear no one will really read this anyways. I just wanted to vent