Tried to kill myself last night. No matter how much i try to stay positive i doubt i will ever be happy.I have had suicidal thoughts for as long as i remember. When i was 4 i even remember telling my cousin that i was going to kill myself. After that life didn't get much better. Well if i were to go into a long paragraph about my life story and every reason i have to want to die that will be a long story, for now im going to be talking about the reason this time (yes i tried to kill myself multiple times woops.) The thing is i have never had a good year. I have had moments but over all their is allways some problem or some random mood swing that leaves me wanting to die for atleast half of the month. I dont strive to be happy really i just strive to be ok for once. I dont want to feel pain anymore. I just feel hopeless. I have diagnosed depression so sometimes even when things are going ok i am still stuck with constant pain. When i was in 3rd grade i was molested by a girl in my school. She was the same age as me. The first time it happened she told me if i told my parents they would kill me because it is wrong to be gay. So i didn't know what she was doing and i didn't even know how sex worked at all so i was just very confused. Because of that combined with other bullying i started to pull my hair out untill i was bald due to stress which made me feel unattractive and stripped me of my self confidence completely. I really didn't like it when she assaulted me but i couldn't say no because i thought what she was doing was normal for friends. I even encouraged it sometimes because she was really mean to me but she was my only friend so when she would do those things it was the only time she would show me affection. I never told anybody untill 6th grade when i was finally able to break free from her. I was still pretty clueless about the weight of what she did to me so i told a friend of mine and her being a 6th grader took it lightly and told the whole school and they proceeded to call me a lesbian, slut, ect...  My dad found out because he overheard me talking to my friend about it. He was very supportive but i still felt guilty because i still felt like maybe i was lying about being raped and it was really my fault. I only really said no directly maybe 2 out of many times and i even encouraged it sometimes because i thought that maybe she would be nice to me for once so maybe i was just a discusting whore. When i told my mom she laughed and jokingly asked if that makes me gay now and told me that its bad because that makes me impure and not a virgin anymore. She also scolded me for not being able to push her away. Fast forward to age 15. I finally understand my trauma, i understand the weight of it and seem to have gotten over it. I know its not my fault and am more self aware and emotionally intellegant. I am not the child i used to be. Well not exactly...So i got a boyfriend that i love very much. We are sexually active and he knows about my trauma because i told him. He told me that he wants to hang out more outside rather then have sex at the house and for some reason that just triggered me. I just felt like i was the only one horny one and i was just disgusting and i randomly just felt extremely embarrassed and ashamed. Not only that but during sex he likes to call me a slut and pretend he doesn't want me sometimes (he has a power struggle kink i do it back too) and it sort of makes me feel a little uncomfortable but im into it too a little dispite that and i just tried to push those thoughts away because i want to show that i am strong enough to handle it and i still want sex to be fun for him. So i tried to find a solution. I no longer wanted to feel rejected so i was like ok im going to be flirty untill he gives in and initiates and i feel ok again. Well... He had an anxiety attack because he told me i was acting strange, and i felt horrible like i was just being petty when he is going through something worse and i should support him instead of get passive aggressive. So i told him about my issue and everything seemed ok and we talked it out untill he went to sleep. After that i just felt completely suicidal. I cant talk to him about my trauma or how much i want to die i can only bring up a small portion because i don't want to burden him. I just then started to feel hopeless like my trauma will allways pop its head in and i cant escape. Then just a ton of flashbacks happened and i felt like i didn't want him to touch me anymore i just really feel disgusted with myself. At the heat of the moment i got out a necktie and made a noose and tied it to the ceiling fan and just tried to kill myself. I ended up makeing it too long so i just stood their anxious and shaking while i was trying to push myself down. And i stoped once my face got purple and the ringing in my ears got so loud it terrified me. After that i just cleaned up and looked at the mark on my neck. I realized that i cant tell anyone about this because it will make me feel attention seeking but im scared. I think im in danger now and i have nobody i feel comfortable talking to. What should i do anyone got suggestions or at least just encouraging words. Well even if you don't just thanks for reading.