please help....okay... this is my story... ill try to keep it short... im 23 year old, male and i live in canada... sorry if my english is off im french...first of all... my childhood was a nightmare... my highschool was even worst i have done and got alot of shit in my childhood... i watch my friend got stab and stuff like this... i had alot of girlfriend who where using me for my kindness and left me usually for my best friend and shit like this... this is not what im gonna talk about its just to give you a background of all my childhood... it was terrible but i kept in mind that everything will get better one day... well its been 20 years now and im still waiting... on the 14 feb 2016. i was diagnose with hodgkin cancer stade 2. my girlfriend at the time left me has soon has she heard the news and most of my friend too... some kept for sometime but left after... after multiple scan and operation i have start my first chemio on august... this is where my nightmare start... i was alone and scare... ive never wanted to die.. ive try 3 time to commit suicide and i didnt want to live through this again... but man it was terrible the only i could do was crying... i couldnt even speak ... and the worst thing i was hospitalise since i had really bad reaction to the chemio...no one visite me except my mother... not even my father or my two sister... i was alone.. all the time... my last chemio was one 29 december 2016... i was tired and lonely...still didnt had enough strengh to go out and meet with some people. this is where the doctor to me that i was in a remission... my familly was happy... but was i? not really... yes the cancer is gone.. but at what price? i have suffer so much in this... and i was in dept, no education, no friend no one else except me... a month later i still had to go throw radiotherapy everysingle fucking day for 1 full month... the radio took me around 6-8 hours everyday... i was tired and since the only one that was there for me was my mother ive decide to not let her in it since she already suffer enough... now everything is over... ive decide that ill take back my life... ive start to work out... since ive gain 40 pounds from the chemio... but now im fucking tired i dont have the strengh for anything but no one realise it... everybody thing that im happy... but on the inside im lonely, tired and sad... im not happy that ive been cancer since i didnt had any choice... i just had to get through it... but if i knew in what situation i would have been after all this shit... i would have never done it... rather die than live what i have been through.. I have lost all the people i left but one girl came back to talk to me... i was super happy since she was my crush when i was younguer always had something for her... and saddly ive felt in love with her... but i realise she doesnt give a shit about me... and at the same day ive got a call from the hospital that they need to do another scan because they think the cancer is coming back... i dont want to do this again... im so fucking scare... i dont want to die... but at the same time i dont want to live through what i just live... im not ready to fight back... im all alone now and im weak... i cant live through another cancer but i dont wanna die... ive been thinking if all this shit is worth living... maybe i should jut let my cancer get me... ive always been though that thing will get better... is it? ive been waiting 20 year for this shit to get better... but at the end... it only got worst in worst... like i say... i want to live like a normal person... but clearly this shit will never get away... maybe i should just admit that the end is near and my life has been a fucking piece of shit and that i was just unlucky of this thing... maybe i should just end my suffering... and even though i get through my cancer AGAIN.... so what? im still gonna been alone and even more fuck up... im gonna be even more in dept and forget about school... im curse to live alone in my fucking life for the rest of my time...I cant even stand myself anymore... please help... i dont wanna die... but i dont think there is a way that i can get out of this...maybe suicide is my way to get out of my cancer... i dont have the strengh to fight it again...