I'm so tiredI don't think ranting here would do me any favor, but since i still have 3 days before I could do it (i want to go home and leave any belongings and money that may be of use to my family first). I looked up several methods but the only reliable one was a gun, and its too difficult to get one here. So i decided i would go with tylenol or baclofen if i can't find a way to get cyanide off the darkweb. I'm sorry this sounds so pathetic, but I'm desperate at this point.

I don't fear death, i don't want things to get better anymore, i just want to rest. Death is the only one who can give it to me.

Since I'm already writing here, I've been dealing with manipulation, lied to so much, gaslighted, guiltripped too often and i held on to my promise to not let my girlfriend go despite all i suffered ever since entering her friends circle. Yet she didn't. She gave up on me so easily, and i gave up so much for her. I know i may have put myself in this position by giving so much in too little time it may have overwhelmed her, but i just cant forgive her or myself. We promised to fix things together, and she decided to take the easy way out. 

I sound selfish, but i cant help but feel bad for myself after all this. I'm not doing well in college, im a financial liability on my parents who would do much better off without me, and so would my siblings who deserve a better brother. I'm an emotional baggage on everyone, and i hate the pity. I'm fine with sympathy, but not being pitied. I feel pathetic and i hate it. I would go to therapy and i thought about it, but i don't want to just ease the unending pain and would rather leave the money i would spend to my family, assuming i can afford it. My grandparents family (them and my uncles and aunts), all they use me for is errands and to get gossip on my own parents and siblings. And they began to hate me once i caught on and stopped telling them things. I'm not loved by my family, not by friends who admitted to mostly pitying me, and even my ex said she stayed because she felt bad for me. I don't want any of this.

I dont want to graduate then do my military service, then struggle for a job then most likely live paycheck to paycheck for a long time. I'm not strong enough for that.

I'm no stranger to suicide, and i never regretted it or was happy to survive. 

I wish I were a better person, a kinder brother, a cooler friend, a more understanding boyfriend. But I'm none of that. Im only a self-absorbed person who's living off of people's sympathy and draining them off their energy that they could better use elsewhere. My only use would be to relieve everyone of worrying about me.

All i need is someone to help me make it as reliable as i can while avoiding unnecessary costs, so i could avoid a potential mess and loading my parents even during death.

I understand if you may want to help, but nothing can change my mind nor the life I'm living. Believe me i know many others have it much, much worse, but I'm not strong.

I want to be gone, and I am not afraid of it.

I'm sorry if I triggered anyone who read this, I really am, but i had to let it out. Thank you all for bearing with me.