My mother told me she is going to kill herself.Six years ago my mother found out my father had cheated on her (well, they never had sex but they were talking over Facebook. I know right, get over it woman). To this day she has not forgiven him and reminds our family every day of it. If there is a chance to make a comment about “the affair” my mother takes it. This is a typical dinner conversation these days:

	*Dad goes out to garage to take work call*
	Mom asks who he was talking to on the phone
	Dad: “Just my Sales Rep down in Charleston”
	Mom: “What’s her fucking name” at dinner table in front of 12 year old sister
	Dad: Chip Knight (or something like that)

My mom has become on the most paranoid psycho-bitch I’ve ever seen, (and trust me, my last girlfriend, god dayum). Let me give you another example from dinner two nights ago.

	Little Sister: Dad, my steak looks really red
	Dad: Its good, trust me
    Mom: Why do you say things like that, “Trust me”, I’ll never trust you Bill, after what you did to me, you killed me. You say things like that just to hurt me.
	Me: yo mom wtf.

After 6 years of telling our family that she is going to divorce him soon and move out of the house, she has finally moved on to a new stage. Now she is telling us that she is going to kill herself. **And I believe her**. She has gone through serious depression issues over the last few years, and it seems to only be getting worse and worse. She thinks that no one cares about her and that her life is a mistake. She began not coming to church with the rest of the family, claiming that “there is no God because if there were one he wouldn’t make me live this fucking hellhole of a life”. She stopped making dinner for the family, often leaving me to cook for my little sister. She doesn’t go anywhere near her relatives, always making an excuse to stay behind while the rest of us go to Grandma’s house. She drinks nonstop from sun up to sundown, even drinking while driving my sister to dance. She’s not the same mother I grew up with and I’m afraid that my little sister is going to turn out very bad growing up in a household of yelling and fighting. I’m going to college next year and I don’t even want to think about leaving my little baby sister in this environment.


Last week was the first time she had told me she was going to kill herself, and ever since then I have been living in fear, always assuming the worst when she doesn’t answer my calls or respond to my texts. She says things like, “*when I’m gone in a few months, you’re going to have to learn how to do your own laundry*” and shit like that. Today she told me “*June 30th, I’ll be out of your life*” and “*I’ve already made up my on how I’m going to die*” and “*you can wear those pants to my funeral*”.   

So this is where you guys come in. Help me. Please. I don’t know what to do. I hardly ever see my father anymore and when I do he is too drunk to hold a conversation with (He starts drinking when my mom starts yelling). My older sister that doesn’t live with us thinks she’s just joking, and I’m trying to keep my younger sister as ignorant as possible to the situation but even then I know she’s worried. I don’t want to talk to any of my friends about it but I need to tell someone and I desperately need advice. So far my only plan is to distract her on June 30th long enough to make her reconsider. Should I confront her about it and tell her how much I love her, Should I call her mother and siblings and try to conduct a family intervention, or should I just go ahead and call the crazy hospital and try to get her to check herself in.
