I think it's finally overI'm turning 30 in a few months. I've done enough for everyone else. Everything I love is being destroyed by covid. I wanted to travel, that was my whole life's goal. to see the world for what it was instead of just how america sees it. Now, impossible, unsafe. I have an autoimmune disorder so I've been in the house since late january when this all started. 

Food either sucks or my stomach rejects it. Sleep sucks, too many nightmares from being abused my whole life or pain from my idiot body. No friends, just people who use me when it suits them. Partner, but he's emotionally deaf to me. Job's gone, no one needs luxury industries in a pandemic. Apartment complex won't renew my lease so I'll probably be homeless as soon as they're allowed to evict people again. 

I'm in constant pain, my whole body is covered in sores that hurt and are disgusting. My joints are all fucked up. I have sex almost never and my whole job revolved around it for so long I got desensitized to it, so I can't even enjoy that anymore when i get over everything else and manage to try to do it. 

Everything that made me human has been taken from me. I wish I had done this to myself so I could at least feel like these feelings were unreasonable self hate. But honestly I've just been kicked, and kicked, and kicked, and I'm so tired of getting back up.

I left a note the gentlest way I possibly could. In a place he might never even find it, and that's ok. I'm deciding method, between a couple things, but my options are limited since I'm disabled and I might have to do something ugly. 

I don't honestly know why I'm posting here. I think maybe it's because I feel like I -need- to scream into the void one last time. I've never used reddit for anything before and I generally find it a breeding ground for bullshit. 

Everyone tells me to have hope, that things will get better. I have doctors, I have a therapist, I have people who "take care" of me but my life doesn't get better, it just gets worse. I can't tell if they're just not doing their job and I'm too stupid to notice or if I'm so abused I see even the worst doctor as "hey, at least someone is even looking at my open wound".  


Bottom line is, I want to die while I still remember who I was. Between mental illness, pain, beliefs being stripped from me, I'm slowly dwindling away and I don't like what's been left behind. I wish there was any other answer, any other escape from the constant pain, but I've tried everything. I've 100%'ed every video game I loved as a child, watched every movie that used to make me smile, read every book, listened to every scary story, hugged my dogs, tried eating good food all of which my body rejected,  but being trapped in this room for the rest of my life is too much to bear. 

I hope, whoever you are, you realize how good you have it. I hope to hug the people in your life - the only person I have to hug is someone who also slammed me into the ground in an airport parking lot. I hope you love your families, if you have them at all, because my mother raped me for 17 fucking years. I hope you enjoy a good meal once in a while, and try things you don't think you'd like, because between my 3 stomach disorders I can basically eat white rice and boiled chicken breast without severe pain. I hope you enjoy the sun, because I can't. I hope you take deep breaths, and calm yourself, because I can't.  I hope you enjoy your freedoms - knowing who you are, knowing what's going on around you, knowing what you need, and the power to change things - because I have none of those things. Realize how fucking good you have it.