There is absolutely nothing wrong with me, I simply choose to no longer existHello,

I've created plans for my methods, organized explanations for loved ones and decided on what I want to do before I die. Exactly 30 days from today, I will no longer exist. This thought is quite exciting to me, I can not wait to figure out what lies beyond (if anything) or simply cease the experience of existence.

A little bit about me, I am not suicidal, depressed and I am actually in perfect mental health. I am not poor, ugly, unloved, or unintelligent. In all these aspects I consider myself perfectly blessed in life. In the 17 years I have been alive, I have experienced little to no hardships.

As you can probably tell by now, I do not have a negative outlook on my life. I simply want to end it. The reason I am making this post is so that I can begin my 30 day journey of finally understanding this impulse before I act on it and ultimately kill myself.

Suicide as understood by us, in all the literature, philosophy, relevant media and discussions I have experienced so far, is an act of desperation. I simply beg to differ. My own experiences stand out to me as a direct contradiction to this.

Since the age of 12, for the last 5 years, I've played around with the idea of suicide. My early interest in it can be described as a morbid curiosity following questions like "what is there after death?". Why not find out first hand?

My questioning and morbid curiosity transferred over to a more disciplined approach as I became engrossed in philosophy and literature. Everywhere I find that the characterisation of suicide is completely incompatible with what I feel.

If someone would ask me what I would change about my life I would answer, not a thing! I am perfectly satisfied. I have a beautiful girlfriend who loves me, treats me right and I can express my true self to. I have a good circle of friends who support me. I have loving parents, a great academic record so far and tons of accomplishments I am proud of.

In this moment in life, I am entirely happy and satisfied. Existing any longer may change that. I can simply quit while I am ahead.

Furthermore, the ideation of my suicide is empowering to me. To be clear I am not interested in mutilating or harming my self or any such unhealthy ideations. The violence of the act actually sickens me which is why I have chosen a very quick, painless and dignified method.

I feel empowered by the very idea of making the first and last CHOICE in my life. The only thing that I can do that is truly my own. I did not choose to be born. I was "thrown into the world" as Heidegger would say. The difference is that I simply no longer want to experience being. I want to experience non-being, or more correctly cease my experience of existence.

Thank you. I hope someone gained an understanding of me and my relation to this existence.