I have failed at everything of any meaning or substance I have ever attemptedI can't think of a single thing I've ever succeeded at that really meant anything to me. I've been toying with the idea of killing myself for the past half decade, just dancing with plans and thoughts and fantasies, but this thought suddenly struck me as I walked home from a dentist appointment of all things. I honest to god have outright failed at everything I've ever tried that mattered to me. My "family" is little more than a sham of people who are tied financially and nothing more, no matter how hard I try to fix that it only gets worse. I did well enough in high school to be guaranteed a spot at a top university in my state, but I have failed at every major I have ever tried. I've never been accepted to a job, and I can't imagine one which I would even want to do anyhow. I've repeatedly failed at dozens of friendships, to the point where the few that I have left might as well have an expiration date. Completely failed at a handful of near-relationships, and * spectacularly* failed at the one legitimate one I've ever had. It really is amazing how fast "I love you" can turn to "I hate you" if you're a big enough screw up.

People have always said I have a lot of talent, that I'm going to "go somewhere." It's like I'm the only person with eyes, like nobody else can see the obvious; I have systematically ruined everything I've touched, in spite of all efforts to the contrary. My whole pathetic excuse for a life has been one long string of failures, one after another. I just don't care any more, I don't care to "succeed" (whatever the hell that is even supposed to mean anymore), I don't even care to try. I'm sick and goddamn tired of living like this, it feels like life has nothing left to offer me. I've even failed at killing myself before, twice for fuck's sake! How can you screw that up? This is just such an empty existence, I don't see any option that's any better than suicide. I'm at a real loss here.