no rewards for resistensehi reddit. i am an anon. i do not know why i am postting this reaaly. perhaps a chance to hear myself speak? perhaps an open forum to categorise my thoughtS? perhaps just because... and because is enough.

ten years ago i gave up on life. i crossed a lne.

it's not despair or depression that keep me beyond that line. it is fatigue.

a member of my family was suisidal. to my knowledge they still are. we don not speak about it. we are unable to now.

i supported them for years. dropped out of school to work and finnancially keep them afloat. i cooked. cleaned. i managed our lives. while they drunk. got depressed.

they had been committed to a mental institution once for a failed attempt. i still remember the smell of that building. the glazed eyes of the patients who were being medicated there. the woman who began a conversation with me saying that she did not kill her husband and the haunting knowledge that i first heard the phrase "never say goodbye, that is forever. only say see you later" from her lips.

three years i supported that person. because i love them. we were all the other had in the world. i was too weak to stop them drinking. how could i take away their vice? what else would they do while i worked?

their depression grew stronger. i soldiered on.

eventually it got too much. another failed attempt. they had already taken the pills before i got home.

i always blamed myself for not dealing with them when drunk. i supported in all ways but never well enough.

we argued. i was tired. empty. had nothing left to give.

i yelled at them. i told them how i would benefit from them giving in and just doing it. they did not back down. they called my bluff. they told me to do it with them.

that pure and perfect opportunity to just exit. in that moment i was ready. i was ready because i had given everything and the atlas struggle would finally be over if i just did not fight or resist anymore. if i just let reality wash over me and consume me. ---to this day that feeling of surrender is one of the best emotions i can remember. i was ready.

they backed down when i agreed. they saw what their attitude had done and in a moment of selflessness my family member backed down.

we sat up that night. the pills were still in their system.

they did not die.

years pass.

i move on.

they move on.

that night lives on as a memory only in my head. there are times i wonder if it happened at all. how would i know if it had or had not.

time kept pushing on me. struggle after struggle came and i conquered them.

while caring for my family member i had developed an ability to weather these storms. push through. get through. keep your head down. survive. endure.

god it's such a struggle.

that memory of surrender haunts me.

but i have family now. i have friends. i have people who need me.

so i weather.

i endure.

i found the best way to cope with life is to disassociate with it. not take it on board.

i no longer know how to handle compliments.

my years of training under a suicidal dependant have made me terrified of failure. if i do not live to every expectation i will make things worse. i will cause an episode. i need to do everything. for everyone.

i make life a struggle. i keep heaping on these challenges. taking on more responsibility. breaking myself.

and i never feel satisfaction.

that's the worst part. i don't even feel relief anymore. once i've accomplished something. i just press on.

that has become my life. add on more. feel more pressure. never release. never pride. only failure.

i'm so tired.

and i don't know how to ask for help. i cannot expect anyone to understand. i try so hard to explain it but the words do not come out right.

"you should feel pride"

"take some credit"

and if i speak up they take the rug away... "you should not do so much" "you know what happens when you push yourself"

i feel worthless when that happens.

so i just disassociate. stop thinking of myself. stop applying my self to anything. that way i no one will bother me. no one will make me feel worse by trying to rescue me.

i do not feel sad. i do not really feel happy. i just go with the flow. think about how others feel all the time. live to make them happy. at least then my presence will be worthwhile.

i fake it.

i fake it because i can not remember how to be honest.

when people try to get in i kneejerk push them away. i keep trying to push past that. all i can do is offer content without emotion. i cannot apply myself to any story. to any pleas. i just sit here rotting in the back of my brain.

where no one will be dragged in to my void.

where no one will watch me dead on the inside.

where no one will offer pity.

no shame.

no being locked in like i once was.