needed to type this upI'm 18. A senior in high school

I'm really lonely and have been for a while and really most of my life I don't really have friends. Elementrey school was fine cuz I'd just play with kids in the neighborhood and what not. But once middle school started i couldn't really make friends and I couldn't really do what I used to and just wait for someone to knock on my door wanting another for a game or what not. At the outside part of our lunch and lunch itself I just sat by myself and it was that way for a while. "The cool kids" would come sit with me at my table because I guess they thought it was funny. It was weird though because it happens so much that it became normal and I was almost a part of their group. They would never hang out with me or anything or really "talk" to me and I knew they didn't just tell me to fuck off because they still liked to make fun of me in those indirect ways. It was really all I had in terms of friends up until 7th grade then our district replanned and my nieghborhood started gif ng to the other middle school in town. Again I was back to having no one. I would try to talk to the few people who I thought would like me but after I while with no luck or just realising I was annoying them I would just go back to being a loner. 

High school started i sorta found my way into the other nerdy kids group even though. I would still never hang out with them and they would ignore me on steam or Skype. I went to two lan parties and those were really the only times I ever could say I hung out with people or was at a party. High school is different than middle school and and even though I still don't have real friends I'm friendly with any one and everyone even if i only talk to them because we are paired by a teacher. So that's good I guess. Its pretty much how high school has gone. The last two years have been good because my brother has invited me to hang out with his friends a couple of times. I loved those moments so much because it actually felt like I had friends and I was doing stuff that I should. Even if I know they are doing the indirect making fun of me. At time I still feel like they like me. That was really only the summer before junior year because my brother is two year ahead of me and they're all at college now. Though it still happened once or twice this year. This past summer we volunteer at a camp as counselors at it really feels like friends they're with all the counselors my age and older. After the week was done my brother invited me to come to a party type thing with some of the cool counselors. The guys really were the cool "alpha" type and the girls were the gorgeous popular type and these were exactly the kinda people I want to be like. Again I know they still kinda think of me like a charity case and do the indirect making fun of me but I still felt like they like me. I got to drink and smoke and really experience what it's like at a normal party. I'll get into this year later

 I'm really fat and probably over 300 by this point but I haven't had the courage to step on the scale in a while because I keep telling myself I'm going to get in shape. I see the disgusted looks, I've lost count of the eww's I've heard when girls run into me in the hallway even if it is their fault. I've experience people not wanting to sit near me or hold my hand when we had to do square dancing in gym class. Its why I try my best to take care of myself and try to be as normal as possible, even if it still hasn't helped. It has helped me in that I know and accept that people don't want to be my friend almost so I can make the best of it and be acquaintances with everybody like I said. I used to be afraid to talk to girls in middle school but now I'm confident as can be even if it's only because I've given up on thinking that I could get a girlfriend

I've always been able to *deal* with this loneliness. Its apart of me almost. I've had thoughts of suicide in the past but, I kinda just told myself to just get through it no matter how bad,

But this year other things have been culminating. For the past few years my parents have been kinda distant to eachother, I kinda always knew but this year I really got an answer from my mom.
My dad has always been distant and I always blamed it on him having to be away because he's in the military. He would never talk to me. I've counted months of him being in the same house not being away where he wouldn't say a word. I have up on trying to communicate and then it seemed to be me who would shrug him off when ever he would try talking to me. It hurts the most when he talks to the dogs more than me of if the first words in months come because we're at thanksgiving with family and we all just act like everything is fine and were a good family.this past year everything he does annoys me. I get madder and madder each and every day and I just want to shout at him and tell him off. I never can and the only relief I've gotten was when At the start of 2016 he went down to do border patrol for 3 months. I've been feeling the best I have all year but I'm dreading whenever he comes back in March. My mom has suggested moving but I don't know if she truly wants that too or what...

The main thing started happening back this past summer. I started having hallucination type experiences where I'm almost in an autopilot dream state. I tried to just ignore it because. I didn't want to be branded as crazy even though I was so scared and I knew my mom could help me because she teaches psych. I've never really been able to tell her anything I'm really feeling. I tried to go to school but I couldn't take the fear and anxiety past the first two days. I've told my mom only about the anxiety and even my psychiatrist and therapist up until I turned 18 in December. I was finally ready to tell someone and they helped me realise it wasn't physchotic or crazy or bad but was called depersonalization. But that was it. I feel like they haven't been any help and have not given any advice on the episodes since I told them about it and seem to ignore it and still focus on my anxiety. I feel like I'm not getting any help and I haven't been back to school the whole year and I'm still terrified to tell my mom. 

All of this has been too much for me to handle. I've come so close so many times. I know the combination to my dad's gun safe and I know how to use them. I haven't actually been able to open the safe yet though. I keep trying to tell myself to push through it but it's been harder and harder I used to believe that my lonliness would get better someday because it was seeming like it was. But now I really haven't had contact with any one in forever since I've been out of school forever. I have no idea what to do anymore