The last year of my life and why i want to end it [Long]I've never really done this before, but I feel like it's about time that I talked to someone before this becomes too much. I don't want to talk to my family, and I certainly can't trust my friends to even listen to me without stabbing me in the back. So here I am, on Reddit of all places trying to explain why I hate myself in every possible way. I won't use real names in this but I'll substitute them so its easier to read.

About a year ago I was a normal kid(age 16), I had a few friends in my life and a family which a barely spoke to. I attended college with average/above-average grades and I hoped to pursue a career in Cyber Security. Back then I was really shy and I couldn't really talk to many people without stuttering or looking down at the floor. To put it simply, I had serious Anxiety. My family would always tell me to act different or look more appealing when speaking to people, but never really taught me how. Eventually, I got so anxious that I started to lose contact with my friends and even worse most of my family. I fell into this dull routine of waking up, going to college, coming home, spending some time at my computer then finally going back to sleep. I got so anxious about everything that many nights I would cry myself to sleep, telling myself that I would never have anything nice in life and that I would be like this forever.

Sometime around this is when I decided to find some new friends, some that wouldn't have to judge me by my appearance, but by my character. I decided to look online, as there I could completely reinvent myself as someone who isn't confident and who isn't anxious. I decided to join a group of friends on a game server, the server was quite large so the group was around 60+, and everyone knew everyone. From what I can remember within the first month I was very "toxic" towards people, probably because I didn't want them to see the soft, weak presence that is me. After this first month through the group split, and I went along with a few people who I enjoyed spending time with. Matt, Holly, Lily, Jamie and Laci. For the next few months, these 5 people were the only real friendships that I had. Matt, I felt like I had known him for years, however, I wouldn't talk to him about my anxiety or depression because I didn't want to seem weak. Holly and Lily, on the other hand, I got so close to both of them that I told them who I was, and the problems that I had been too afraid to share with others. Jamie was a quite guy although I enjoyed talking to him, he was funny. Laci was a really shy girl who ended up being my first girlfriend in over a year.

Months went past and relationships between us 6 only got stronger and stronger. Until one day I broke up with Laci, I broke up with her because beneath the facade our relationship was broken and we only ever hurt each other. Everything I had built in the past couple of months felt like it had been wiped away, The 4 other members of the friend group at the time ended up leaving me and supporting Laci. At this point I was truly at my lowest, I had hardly any real life friends to talk to and my family still wasn't an option. In the next couple of weeks I tried my best to move on, but having no friends made that impossible, I would have panic attacks and Mood swings almost every day. I could go from anxious to suicidal all within a few minutes.

I had completely blocked my entire friend group as I hated them for leaving me, all but one. Holly was the only person who came back, the only person who tried her best to help me. I want to thank her but as you will come to find out, that is no longer possible. Holly became my rock, best friends you could say, we got really close and after a month or two I finally built up the courage to talk to her, and ask her if she would be interested in getting to know each other more. So that's what we did, over the next month all I had was her and a few friends who I could never trust. 

at the end of this month all seemed to be going okay, even though I didn't have many friends I felt happy, I felt loved, but that was about to change. Lily out of Jealousy of our relationship started spreading rumours that I had cheated on Laci, I have no idea why she did this and I still question it to this day. anyway, the rumours got so full and so rich that even Laci started to believe it. To the point where she would also spread these rumours around saying they were true. considering we were still in a rather large "group" of 80 or more, this got out of hand. I would receive death messages and insults every time I talked to anyone, Holly did the best she could but she ended up believing them and leaving me. My whole life as I knew it had just been ripped away by one false, jealous rumour, I had lost everyone including my best friend.

During this time I didn't go to college, I didn't see my family and I ended up locking myself in my room, crying almost every day. I felt sick every time I opened my door or unlocked my phone to see messages from people that I once trusted saying how pathetic I am or how I'm a disgrace and that I need to kill myself. This went so far that one night I tried, I tried to kill myself. I got a knife from the kitchen a cut my wrist across to see if it would hurt. even though it did for the next couple of nights I toyed with the idea of cutting up my arm and just ending it.

A couple of weeks after everything had died down and I was sick of being the beat down dog. I decided to fight back, I decided that I should at least try to fix this before I end it. This didn't work and I tried over and over again to clear my name but I was already branded as this "pathetic jerk". I even tried to find new friends but every time I tried they somehow found out the rumours that had been said about me, even some friends in real life found out.

Now for the past couple of months, I have tried to clear my name, I have tried to talk to anyone that I once knew, I have tried to get the support of the people who were everything to me once. But nothing. 

I am Depressed and Suicidal but most importantly my Anxiety has never been worse. I can't leave the house at all, I can't make new friends, I can't even speak to my family. To make things worse, my mom has stage 4 breast cancer and my dad is just as self-contained as me.

So yeah, that's been the past year of my life. I don't want to call someone or a number, I don't want to speak to my family and you already know I can't make new friends. I'm ready to give up now, maybe someone can relate with this story, I don't know anymore.