What thoughts go through the mind when it’s lost, alone and broken with no hopeTo whoever reads this, I know it’s kind of weird to write this on to a phone. But honestly I don’t have the energy or strength to write it out on paper, and I don’t have a computer to type it on, even though I’m not even typing I’m using the microphone to record my voice.I’m just very tired, physically and mentally. Sleep is it rest anymore it’s just a way to get away from everything for the moment. Honestly I have no motivation to focus or even try. Everyone says things will be OK you just got to keep Trying. Or they’ll tell you that it’s selfish to give up. But why doesn’t Anyone ever look at it from my point of view of the person. Obviously somethings wrong with me to make me feel like this. Sitting all day and night and then you can’t even find comfort in your family or your friends. Searching on the Internet for the most Painless Ways to Just end it. They all range from drugs cutting wrists. I have even considered hanging myself. Everyone says it selfish, but isn’t it more selfish to have the person suffer just so you get what you want? If you asked me why am writing this I say I don’t know. But then if I asked why everyone’s answer is it’ll get better, they don’t know either. That’s just something everyone says. The sad fact is it doesn’t get better for everyone. The sad fact is not everyone has someone there for them. So what I get is to sit alone. Desperate for a way out. Somethings just don’t work out, and that goes for people to. I’ve had tastes of being happy , But it’s just a tease. Because before I know it it’s gone. Before I know it The Long days ahead never seem to end. You wonder who would really cry if you died. Everyone says they miss you, but that’s just a natural response to someone in pain. Who knows if it’s true. These are the thoughts and images that run through the mind of someone broken. And as I see these words Appear before me I can’t help myself but cry. Do you think if someone read this in time they to be up to help? I don’t know the answer, just like I don’t know when the light at the end of the tunnel will appear. Feeling like it makes me wish I could lay in bed, close my eyes, and never open them again. I have no redeeming qualities. I have no job, no money, no friends. I sent away the person I love most in this world and for it a part of me hates myself so much. It all Weighs Down on my shoulders, making it hard to breathe. The bottom line is I need help. Help me please. I do want to live, but not like this. If this is what is in store for me in the future, then living is something never want to do. I miss being excited for small things, looking forward to things. Please help, I need help. Writing this scares me, I don’t know what I’ll do with it. This is how I feel and now it’s out there, please. I don’t know what will happen to me, I need help right now I won’t get it. But please look out for the ones close to you, they may need you.  Each day I feel like I go down further, I’ve never felt like this before. People saying no one can help you but you, I don’t believe that. Sometimes you just need help. I really need it.