Well everything went to shit Just a heads up I have Borderline Personality Disorder so it makes dealing with my emotions 10x harder.

My relationship with my ex pretty much imploded upon itself back in September. It's been a shitshow ever since, it started with 3 weeks of arguments then me spiraling into suicide, then hard ignoring, now whenever I'm in the same room as her she basically "ghosts" me an literally pretends I don't exist. It wasn't even a long relationship, we were friends for 2 months and then dated for another 2. The problem is that the last 6 months have been horrifying. If I contribute to a group conversation she refuses to make eye contact with me and pretends that I did not say anything and attributes whatever was said to literally any other person in the room. The problem is that we share the same friend group at a club at school. Every time I try to go to the club room to interact with my friends she is there. She fucking lives there 8-12 hours a day. It's almost impossible to go there without being around her. Which just leads to the above mentioned problems. I can't befriend people without them being friends with her. She is popular so everybody thinks the world of her.

I'm dying inside because her invalidating my existence just makes me feel subhuman. She knows this but does it anyway. The situation itself and the fact she refuses to work out our problems and attempt to be amicable makes me feel like a failure. She knows this and does nothing anyway. She knows that treating me the way she does and makes me suicidal and aggravates all of my feelings of loneliness and suicide. She just hand waves my BPD away and says "it's not an excuse, why can't you take care of yourself, I can barely take care of myself, you know I'm bad at communicating, I hate the way you're reacting to your emotions, etc." Even though she knows I have an EMOTION DISREGULATION DISORDER. The situation has induced 2 suicide attempts in me, one being just last month.

I don't know how to cope with this other than not going to see my friends. It's taken me a year to build this friend group, I have other friends but this is my main friend group. You all know how hard it is to maintain relationships with BPD. This is like the 5th time I've rebuilt my social circle within the last 2 years. I'm graduating college this semester and I just want to see my friends and meet new people. She is putting me through hell because I have to spend almost everyday trying to work around her. For fuck sake I had a tabletop game after club hours when the place is 'officially closed" and my friend on e-board cleared the room because that's the rules so the tabletop group can have a quiet time. It's not usually enforced except under extreme circumstances. He knew me being around her was an extreme circumstance and this is after 6 months of me, and 2 VP's whose job is to mediate interpersonal disputes between club members have tried reasoning with her for a amicable solution to all of this. Everything failed. She threw a tamper tantrum at my friend for getting kicked out, she was passive aggressive as fuck and has been giving him shit ever since because she knows I asked for his help.

Dealing with my broken relationship with my ex has really broken me down, it's just left me depressed and I'm endlessly frustrated that she s showing me no empathy or understanding on top of the fact that I feel so conflicted that I'll smile or laugh with her again while also knowing that she's is acting like an asshole and that I deserve to be treated better. I don't know how to deal with this. I don't know how to make this better. I don't know what to do? I just want to end my time in college on a high note.

To make matters worse my school might be closing down campus and moving all of our classes to online sessions after Spring Break because my state got hit with the coronavirus. So this week might be the last time I see my friends for months or years even because I'm probably moving overseas for grad school. Nobody knows anything and it's sent the campus community into a panic, it's just made me feel like I've lost everything I worked so hard to build. I wish somebody would push me off a cliff.