Not one person...I keep thinking of this silly song we learned in Sunday School called Magic Penny that had the lines, "love is something if you give it away ... you end up having more." It's the kind of song that I still sing absently at random times.

And it's utter bullshit.

I have spent my life giving, giving, giving... and for what? And I'm not talking about romantic love or whatever... just. fucking. caring.

I live in a tiny little town where everyone knows everyone. I volunteer for everything. I am on the volunteer board of directors of the museum, the radio station, and our "community alliance" (which I helped found to promote the community and its businesses). We have a community-owned, volunteer-led restaurant that I served has manager of for the past two years at which, in addition to my paid work, I did more than 2000 hours of volunteer time. I donate money, I help friends move, I clean the road sides in the spring, I am there any time anyone needs anything and I refuse to take compensation for it. I helped to organize and put on the seniors dinner for the past three years. I gave up my job and moved home to my grandparents house when my grandfather got sick. I gave my friend $1500 to help with costs associated with college (with the one "catch" that he tell me what he spent it on). I try to remember each and every one of my friends on their birthdays and at Christmas to make sure to make their days the best they can be.

Am I a good person? I don't know. Do I do as much good as I feel like I can do? Absolutely.

I don't ask for much, I think. I like thoughtfulness. Nothing makes me happier than a card with something personal written on it. I don't need gifts, or money, or complements, or any of that other stuff. But I do like thoughtfulness.

Not one person who wasn't socially obligated to bothered to think of me this Christmas. Not one. I gave Christmas gifts to 10 friends in addition to those I gave my family (28 total people, not that it matters). I got four gifts. All cash. Two cards... I was misgendered on both.

I don't know what it is about me that makes me utterly forgettable, but there's something. Friends make promises they forget. In the span of an hour a promise I've made to a friend can simply be forgotten. It happened just the other day. It happened on my birthday. It will probably happen tomorrow.

I've been, like, suicidal to a certainty - that is I know I will die by my own hand - for more than a year a this point. I waded out into Lake Ontario on March 15th with the full intention of drowning or freezing to death in the water. Something which I am not afraid of, nor do I need told what hypothermia is like. It's my plan. Full stop.

But I realized that I hadn't made arrangements for my death. I realized that my obituary written by my family would not be one that I liked very much. I realized that I hadn't told my best friend goodbye. So I swam to shore. I decided I would give the world and the people in it 304 days to convince me why I should stay. To convince me it's a place that's worth suffering for.

It is not.

I have spent 2018 trying to build stronger connections to people I care about - to give love away - but all I feel is more empty than ever. I am ending the year with more unfulfilled promises than ever. I am ending the year with the fewest number of thoughtful gestures I have ever experienced in my life.

I am ending the year grateful that it's ending. All of it.

Love is not a magic penny; if you lend it, spend it, you won't have any.

The only bright side in all of this is that I can go knowing that I won't be missed. I don't want to hurt people that I love. But I also can't hurt anymore. I just can't.