Will someone please talk me down..

I posted here a couple of days ago, x-posted in another sub with very little response. 
I am a female in my midthirties who is severely chronically ill, physically disabled, and unable to drive or work. My condition is such that it is physically impossible for me to live alone. I have been through two awful divorces and am currently trapped in an often abusive engagement to a guy whom I have strong reasons to believe has been unfaithful to me. He is a narcissist. 

Despite negative full panel STD test results, I have continued for six months and counting to experience terrible unexplainable symptoms that appear to only align with an STD. I don't want to be right about my suspicions. My entire life rests upon whether or not my partner did something he shouldn't have done. I literally have no friends nor family to turn to for help if he has betrayed me; absolutely no one. I do not use Facebook. He and I have lived with his mother for a couple of years now and I just made the huge mistake of confiding in both his mother and my partner's sister about my fears. They are beginning to tip my partner off about my suspicions of him.

 Anyone who has been abused and is trapped knows what that can mean. I am freaking terrified now. I have nowhere to go if he finds out that I don't trust him. I convinced him to take me to get retested early next month, but my whole future rides on those results. I have no one to stay with. My mother passed away from a terrible illness one month ago and my father and I do not get along at all. Staying with him is simply out the question. I am entirely alone. Going to a shelter is impossible for me because a physically disabled person is considered a liability and I have experience with being turned away from them already in the past. I have absolutely no recourse in this situation now. I am absolutely terrified and completely freaking alone. Oh God. The only way out of this is death. Can someone please talk to me and help me through this before I make a very bad decision??