Does anyone else want to die because you're getting older, yet your situation has been exactly the same for years or is just getting worse?I feel like an 18-year-old in the body of a 24-year-old. It's embarrassing and pathetic. I live with my parents, I've never had a relationship or even been on a date, all 3 of my friends have moved on from me and I have no one to talk to, I have poor social skills and I'm approaching my seventh year of college with my career prospects looking grim... I've had chronic episodes of depression for more than a decade, with lows every couple of months and hospitalization after a major breakdown about every two years. I'm sick of it. Medication has helped tremendously, but unfortunately, it is not a cure-all, so the cycle goes on. Even at my best, I can't say that I've ever felt truly happy or grateful that I am on this planet, no matter how hard I try to force myself to be.

The suicide hotline/textline is a joke. "What about rainbows and kittens and falling in love?" someone on the text line asked me. Yeah, what about them? "Falling in love" was also a reason for one of my most physically painful failed attempts lol. Tbh, I wouldn't even be here typing this if the process wasn't so painful and I wasn't so afraid of it.

If my situation does not improve and I'm not independent or successful enough to not be completely ashamed of myself for existing by the time I am no longer considered a "young adult," I've decided that I will kill myself. I haven't decided whether I should do it by the time I am 30 or 27. I've done research on the least painful methods and I've decided on one. I'm honestly numb to the fact that my family will miss me. If anything, they don't realize how much of a weight off of their shoulders it would be, especially if I'm still living with them by the time I reach that age range. Ultimately, I am just tired of the endless cycles of depression and the inevitability of aging. And the fact that the indifference of the universe is a painful reality. 

**TL;DR:** If I am still unemployed and living with my parents by the time I am no longer considered a "young adult," I will kill myself. Wondering if anyone else out there has the same reason for wanting to die and how you cope.