I’m an ugly failed tranny and I need to dieI mean why does it matter so much anyway?  Maybe death is nice.  Everyone always wants to scare me away from death or guilt me with the “but think about your parents” kind of crap but maybe it’s not so bad.  

There’s just nothing for me in life.  I’ve given transition about 3 years and I still look like a man, still can’t afford any surgeries or anything other than hormones, I’m 32, I make little money and it was a huge struggle just to get that much, i can’t seem to lose weight no matter what I do, I don’t pass and am ugly as fuck with no sense of fashion or energy for make up that won’t matter in the end anyway....

There’s just nothing going on for me in life.  There’s no point in dealing with it.  I don’t enjoy life.  It’s just a bunch of heartache and chores.  I’m sick of having nightmares every night and waking up crying every morning.  I’m sick of being an ugly monster.  I’m sick of being made to be embarrassed about myself any time someone looks at me or I go out in public and get laughed at and made fun of.

And let’s be real - if I don’t die today or whatever and live the rest of my life here’s all that will happen: I’ll get older and die anyway either from some jerk out tranny bashing, from cancer, or from old age.  I’ll get more and more poor and won’t be able to take care of myself at all.  I’ll be completely alone as what’s left of my family dies eventually and I’ll have no family of my own to love or spend time with or create a new generation of. 

I don’t want to go through the rest of my life as an ugly aging alone man-beast in a dress monster just to die alone and poor anyway.

So yeah, I think I’m gonna do it.  I’ve spent a lot of time thinking about it.  Figured I’d give transition a try because dysphoria has always been rough for me and thought that I should at least give r a try if I was gonna die anyway.

But experiment failed.  I look nothing like a woman and I’ll never be accepted as one.  Every time I see myself in the mirror I want to kill myself.

So fuck this cruel joke of a life.  Life has seemingly gone out of its way to be the polar opposite of anything good that I’ve ever wanted or worked for - so why keep fighting a losing battle?  I gave it a good solid 32 years.  That’s plenty.  