My sister keeps trying to kill her self and I don’t know what to do.My sister recently had a face surgery that caused her to feel such anguish that she wants to end her life. The surgery was to correct an overbite, however she feels her jaw now looks like a man. She’s also having an identity crisis because she just doesn’t look like her. She can’t stand to look at herself and She covered up every mirror in the house. She has guilt that she spent 19000 CAD on something she hates. She regrets the surgery so much. A reversal surgery is an option, however the soft tissues may never go back, she risks losing feeling in her face and it’s not guaranteed to look like “her” again. It will also cost another 9,000 CAD.  

My sister hasn’t been well most of her life, she’s being trying to commit suicide since she was 12 years old. Before this surgery, she was upset with her boyfriend and before that her job and before that school, etc. She’s 30 now. But this go around it’s become so hopeless. She just doesn’t see a way out of her despair. 

She has attempted suicide several times over her face:
1. Tried to jump off a bridge
2. Tried to drown herself
3. Tried to cut herself
4. Ordered helium online to gas herself
5. Bought a hose to attach to her exhaust and feed in through her car window. 
6. Swallowed 100 pills. All of her medications. This one happened today. 

Every time it’s been a miracle she hasn’t died. Every time we bring her to the hospital she is let out within 24 hours. The longest she stayed was a week. It’s really tearing our family apart as none of us know how to handle any of this. I’m so afraid she’s going to die. I live every day in complete fear that any phone call I get is the one where they tell me she’s gone. I’m doing everything I think I can to make her want to live. I’m struggling with the weight of it. I’m so lost. How can I make the doctors keep her in there for longer than a day? I feel so guilty over this. If I’m doing enough. If I’m doing the right things. The only times I’m not panicking is when she’s in the hospital because I know she’s safe.

Please help me. How do I help her? Why is she always being discharged?