I can't proceed.Hey guys.
Firstly, you guys make this subreddit help people, and heck, every single person here wants help. In this post I might not make much sense or be grammatically correct all the tim, but its late and im writing this with breaks.
Im on the wayyyy younger side of the scale, as im entering my teen years. In my country middle school starts late so im starting it at the the end of august. I am currently in bed and im writing this at 4am as i dont want my parents to find out. I have had suicidal thoughts before, and i even tried to hold an electric fence, with both arms, but i failed. No one knows. I was in therapy last year, And i coulsnt for the life of me talk about what is going on, which is why im here. I cant talk to anyone, not my parents not my therapiat, there isnt anyone i could think of. I tried. I really tried my best but i cant form the words. 

I need to be aomehow successful in. Life. I have to. If i cant then theres no point to living a life no one will remember. My dream is to open a school, for the gifted who cant share their feelings and thoughts because they ar young. I want to help them. I want to give them anything they need, wether its medical, financial, or therapeutic, so they can live on and help the human race, and children who also need help. I want to get married, and adopt a chils, but not a young one, i want to adopt an older child, because i know that they almost never get picked up and then they have a terrible childhood. I want to nurture my adopted, and help them. I want a life i can be proud of, and all of that rides on me being successful. All the people around me constantly expect me to becoms a millionaire or cure cancer. If i cant become successfuk, i cant open my school. I cant have my school be availabe to all children who want to enter. I cant live to my standards. I cant live a life i would be proud of. I cant stand the idea of that. It boils in my head. I xant sleep. I wake up at 4pm almost everyday now. I cant deal with it. And i cant figure how im going to do all this. What do i want to be? I like physics,and law, and screenwriting, and programming. I distract myself by playing games that are quite stupid. I cant stand the possibility that i might not ve able to live up to expectations. I might not be able to open my school. I am so jealous, of all the kids who were at the right place at the right time, and didnt have tp work for anything, and easily got into child acting, or had rich parents with mansions. I despise the young actors. All of them started young, meaning that they had no choice. They got into shows thatinstantly made them stars, and now the whole world knows them, but in relaity they suck, and dont deserve a shred of what they aree given. They easily have everything they want. Becoming millionaires without even choosing to do so. And noq they assured themselves that they have a future. But how do i assure myself that i have one? How can i make sire that i know that i have a future with one of my talents, which gives me my school, and my daughter or son,  or maybe both, that gives me a home, and that doesnt end with me killing myself? I cant wait for the future to come, and i dont mean that on a good way. I cant watse all these years without doing anything. But what can i do? Please help me.am i wrong? Should i stop writing my death note? What can i do?