I have fleeting moments of intense bravery and will-power and moments of panic-driven suicide attempts.I don't think I am bi-polar, but I've been through a fair amount of stress in my life. I was a caretaker of my aunt and two cousins, who were all dying of genetic disorders. I grew up with my cousins and I knew of their fate before they did. I also have genetic problems and they may kill, if not mentally cripple myself and my children. I am undergoing genetic counselling in two days because I would someday like a healthy biological family. I will find out then if I am able to have healthy children. My husband and I don't meet the qualifications to adopt. As far as support goes, his family dislikes me (understandably so) and my remaining family members are highly manipulative and abusive. 

(I have posted something similar under a number of names, but I thought I should update.)

Last night, I tried to commit suicide with sleeping pills and half a bottle of whiskey. I'm not a big drinker and I have a very quick metabolism, so I'm pretty impressed I'm still here. I haven't gone to the hospital, but I think I am fine. I ended up with just a horrible hangover and stomach trouble. I have called suicide hotlines before, and the last time was a very bad experience, so I didn't bother. (She just let me talk, wasn't apparently allowed to give me any advice and just said "Are you done now?" and hung up.) 

I honestly think that I am some kind of monster that was just meant to die, and by dumb luck I am still here. My last relative with genetic problems died several months ago, and I'm the only one left. Aside from moments where I feel like I have survived some horrible tragedy and I am somehow some strong person for doing so I mostly feel empty. It never goes away. I have never felt loved. I am only a burden.

I feel horribly guilty for living this long and troubling my husband, who has grown to resent me and occasionally will verbally abuse me. He'll call me rude, childish and imply I'm slow or racist. Whatever seems fit at the time, and has embarrassed me in front of both of our families by yelling. Once, when I fell asleep sitting up, he's grabbed my hair and screamed at me. This happened in front of several of his relatives. When I started having seizures in my sleep, he stopped any hint of becoming physically abusive and became gravely worried. Both of our families act as if his behavior is warranted, mostly because he's male and my behavior is very socially awkward. 

There is not much more anybody can do for me, as I am below the poverty line. I receive free medical health-care currently, however I cannot afford to drive to the hospital and they cannot provide transportation. If I cannot live a normal life, I have looked into euthanasia and would like to die humanely, rather than clinging to ill-health and no future.

Occasionally, I feel that I can achieve great things, and I'm trying to get a bachelor's degree. Sometimes I am proud for surviving this far, but I know that logically it's just a matter of chance. Sometimes I feel hope, and I don't understand why. I have never felt that sensation before, only a desire to die. It's happened very suddenly. I have considered running away and breaking off contact with all of my relatives, however I will be unable to take care of myself for various health reasons and may be in a worse position. I love my husband very much, and I know he is trying (he comes from an abusive home as well and learned a lot of his behavior that way) but I feel that I no longer can feel love for anybody near me, for whatever reason. Which leads be back to suicide.

Any insight? 


