My Birthday Present To Me.Today at 11:11 P.M. I will be 28. Should I wait till then or do this sooner I dont know, but what do know is im no longer going to fight it. Instead I've decided to prep everything so when It comes on strong tonight I can go about it with little to no thought other than it's finally ending. I've already thought about it enough and settled with the most peaceful method. I've done my research, rehearsed, and feel confident enough that I won't survive and just end up brain damaged. 
To prevent me from jumping the gun in the past I kept this Cylinder empty and didn't acquire the proper materials to construct the apparatus required to self deliver me from this life. On Friday I filled the 40cu tank with N2 gas which from what I understand is double the required amount for Inert Gas Asphyxiation. All information about this method is in the public domain. I will not educate you on the topic. So if you wanna flag this go ahead, its not gonna change anything. People mention hanging themselves and cutting them selves, shooting them selves, jumping, poisoning ect... all very uncomfortable, painful, unreliable, and traumatic methods. But if you want to flag this because I chose a peaceful, painless, and not so messy method then that speaks more about you than this post.
Today I acquired the rest of my set up. I wont go into detail because I am not advocating suicide for others but I will say the rest of the materials I acquired at the local hardware store and grocery store. Cost me roughly 20$. The N2 30$ and the tank i got in April with a regulator for about 250$ off Amazon. roughly 300$ in total. I have the next few days off from work and I'm in no rush. Everything is set and ready for when the second shoe drops, which I have faith won't be much longer now. Truth is if I had this all set up before today I would have just done it sooner, but I was trying to fight it. Not for me but for the sake of others, however now its my turn to be selfish.
I isolated myself today to keep myself from having this mission compromised. This isn't a cry for help. This is simply Goodbye.