Military member struggling..  I'm a 21 year old active duty military member that'd struggling terribly. About six weeks ago, I was released after a 38 day impatient stay in San Antonio, TX. Being diagnosed with PTSD after a sexual assault, I am failing to rebuild my life. The people around me don't understand. I am in a perpetual state of walking on eggshells at home.  I care for my 19 year old sister and my fiancé lives with us. It feels as if my symptoms of PTSD and past abuse are a game. My finance thinks it's entertainment to make me flinch away when he pretends he is going to hit me, although he never had, and makes sure that I am aware he never has. He holds an incident over my head where I had a flashback working on an overnight call in and my ex-boyfriend, who also works with me, had to take care of me during the episode to prevent me hurting myself. My ex-boyfriend lied to my current fiancé and me, not knowing the actual situation, was forced between a rock and a hard place.  I am doubting my own sanity.  My fiancé's ex-wife has been texting me non-stop with abusive messages, putting me down, threatening to keep the kids away from us. But because she texts on fake numbers, my fiancé borderline blames me, and uses that incident as fire to fuel that claim.  I have not contacted her in months, and still this continues. Tonight, while we dropped the kids off, she came to the car and started an argument. My fiancé froze and she stood there and belittled me in front of his children.  He did nothing. After an abusive failed marriage, the sexual assault, and the mental health issues I am facing, the military has came to the conclusion that I am not fit for service anymore. I am currently going though a medical board for potential separation from the service.  My life is falling apart.  I don't know what to do. I do not feel safe reaching out to anyone. I hurt people or my fiancé says that I am manipulative. My therapist team is constantly changing, and my new therapist has only had me for two sessions. I am terrified to go impatient again, as it only fucked me up more being away from my support group. I feel alone but can't bring myself to burden anyone else with my issues. Mostly, I just want to find the strength in myself to end my life. I can't keep living this way and after months of this stagnant state, even after all my struggles, living is exhausting.  I can't even hardly pull myself out of bed in the morning. The happiness I feel is tinged with guilt.  I doubt this is ever going to get better. It's too painful to keep holding on.  