I can't do this on my own...As much as I try to convince myself... There's no easy way of getting out of depression.

It has already taken a lot from me, and the more I look at my reality, my body has been telling me that's something's not right... I have dermatitis in my legs and arms, sudden headaches, overeating, nightmares where I wake up screaming and so on...

Of all the friends I used to have... I have distanced from almost all of them, and I don't want to become a burden for the remaining ones I have. And I don't blame the people who moved on, because, it was my fault they did so.

I'm someone who let people step up on him because I didn't want trouble. I'm someone who never learned how to say no, someone who doesn't know how to connect with people without helping them first.

I lack social skills, I lack self-esteem, I lack ambition, I lack almost everything that makes a human being... Human.

Also, most of the education I received as a kid and in school was wrong. I was taught to respect people, to avoid conflict, to be honest and always do the right thing, but guess that? None of that worked for me.

Other people did whatever they wanted, and most of them have happy lives, it's like they didn't have that pressure of always doing the right thing inside of their minds.

My life is defined by indifference, being talked because people want my help, meeting some friends like three or five times per year, not going to Facebook because that site makes me feel even worse, playing games, sleeping, studying, eating and so on...

I was raised to be a good student, and I guess I am, but... What's that worth of, if I can't even connect with someone else? Grades aren't everything in this world, and I can't imagine a future where I will have a job, but I'll be almost alone, watching my remaining family get old and die...

The way I eat is wrong, the way I express I wrong, the way I walk is wrong, the way I think is wrong, almost everything about me is wrong...

I'm afraid of even saying what I really think, because that may piss off someone or make them hate me... As I said in my other post, I'm deadly afraid of abandonment...

I'm trapped in a web of my own mistakes, a web of hypocrisy, inmaturity and condescendency.

Years of therapy, medicine, and support from family/friends did little to help me. I'll forever thankful to all of them, but, I just want to be happy again, I don't want to deal with this pain for the rest of my life...

Will start therapy again next week, and I'll try to be more honest and put some boundaries to people... Maybe that'll piss them off but, for once, I want to think what's best for myself.