I can't keep going like this.I'm so tired.  So tired.  I can't do the mental gymnastics anymore.  I don't want to.  I've watched SW talk to so many people.  Some of it was beautiful, some of it was practical and motivational, and some of it even worked for me for awhile.  Little tricks like telling myself it will be OK, remembering that I've got most of my life ahead of me, pretending (to the point of deluding myself) that life is a simulation.  That last one really appealed to me because it meant that I wasn't really an abortion of a human being, but just existing as one for some purpose set out by a better instance of myself.  Entertainment maybe.  Research.  The guy that came up with that one was on here a little while ago.  His post was so sad.  I've got to be honest with you guys, I'm not strong enough to do anything without you.  If all SW went and killed themselves, I'd be next in line.  I know that's not fair.  I can kill myself and you'll just be a little sad for 5 minutes, provided you even ever knew I was dead, which you won't.  You've got a little more weight on your shoulders.  But then you can handle it because you're better than me, top to bottom.  Then again, I guess you also wouldn't give a shit what a derelict, useless person does with itself if you've already come to a point where you're willing to kill yourself.

Everything I do is just a little fucked up, because everything about me is wrong.  I can't run right.  I can't pull off facial expressions.  I've got bad eyes, can't see part of spectrum of color that some people get as a birth right.  I have a lower-end-of-average penis and hell, let's add to the list that I'm circumcised and don't ejaculate even as well as the friends I had growing up.  I talk slow, think slow, have shitty memory for names and directions, and am incapable of real-world problem solving.  Someone tells me to do something and I look at them with a dumb look on my face until they break it down to me like I'm a child.  I can't help that I don't understand.  I'm overweight and still have acne that will probably be here three years from now, too.  I tried fixing the weight problem, but that demands I give a shit about my body and my appearance.  Both are so fucked up beyond my ability to mend there's no point.  I'm an ugly, bow-legged, buck-tooth waste of food.  My heartrate gets up to 180 when I jog.  Just jog.  No sprint, no huge effort, even on my part.  I get chest pains sometimes, it feels like my heart slips lower into my chest, strange as that sounds, but I don't have insurance or money to get it checked out because I can't even provide for myself in the interest of keeping myself alive.  But you have no idea how much I wish my heart would just give out while I sleep in my parents house.  To just die outside of my own power to do anything about it...   That makes me happier to imagine.  But I'm probably not that lucky, it's probably nothing at all.

I don't want this life anymore.  I want to get up the courage to kill myself.  That I have the audacity to say that when I'm so "fortunate" to be alive is surely more proof of how unfit I am to live.  I'm not worth anything to anyone, at least not more than any other familiar thing, and definitely worthless to the betterment of humanity.  I'm what's holding better people back.  A resource drain good for intaking tax dollars and unearned checks.  I'm in the bottom quarter of humanity, as far as I'm concerned, by a composite of all the metrics that matter to me.  Maybe the bottom 10%.  I don't do anything for anyone.  And I don't want to change.  I don't want to go out of my way to try to be something to someone.  I'm too lazy to improve in any part of my life where the pain doesn't take me down first.  It's too late, I've already fucked up too much.  Some of it is irrepairable.  Permanent damage.

Life is a veil of tears and suffering for me.  I don't have AIDS, or cancer, and I'm not a burn victim, but I've never been OK.  I've never been OK.