I keep changing my life around running from my mind and it feels like it can only end one wayI've never had a job for a year, not that I've ever been fired, just that my mind starts exploding after a couple months of working somewhere, like a couple months feels like eons. I'm twenty, been working since about 16 and have worked 7 different jobs, the longest for 9 months. Just feels like time is flying by and crawling at the same time, I have my whole life ahead of my but that feels too large, so difficult, I don't know. I just left a good paying job (starting $20 an hour) at a fortune 100 company, great room for growth, 5 minutes from home where I lived for free with parents. Had a girlfriend there, gym membership, good group of friends, good (for the most part) family life. Then I just melted down and now I'm in LA at a friend's place, bought a bike and planned on riding across the country for awhile camping because I was literally losing my mind in the stability. I worked in a call center doing IT and going in felt like my soul was being sucked out literally, I would have full body convulsions in mental agony at the place, no joke. Now I'm here and I just feel stupid, I'm not exactly upset I left such a good situation behind, (for context I was living in New England, so I'm across the country now) I don't have a real plan. Another friend here said he would get a place with me here but am I just going to get stuck in more jobs I hate and eventually leave? I don't know what I like. I try so many things and I always burn out of them so quick. I can't hold down a decent hobby. Guess my only really favorite thing to do motorcycling, or anything dangerous. I feel like this is because I like feeling close to death. Cliche but it's the only time I feel alive at all, other times I just feel like I'm floating through dead space worthless. I'm also hopelessly addicted to porn, would sometimes tell gf that I wasn't into it tonight so I could wait for her to fall asleep and then go masturbate to porn in the bathroom. Sad. People get the impression I'm really smart and do cool things which idk, I guess I do but never feel fulfilled. Just feels like this can't go on for decades, it has to end? I'm so obsessed with more, more sex, more money, more experiences, more adrenaline, more friends, more followers, to the point where I can't feel fully alive for anything. FUCK!!!!!! I'm sorry I need to get this out I'm so close to riding out to the desert and just letting myself fade away.