People who have been depressed/suicidal for a very long time and come out the other side (or not) - why shouldn’t I kill myself?It’s been almost ten years of constant agony. Ten years of suicidal ideations. And this past month, every day I have gotten a little bit worse, my tethers to this life a little bit looser. Why shouldn’t I give up? Is it really worth all of this endless suffering? The only reason I’m alive is so I don’t have to hurt the ones I love. But where is the line between the two sides of selfishness? Sure, it might be selfish of me to kill myself and put others through immense pain, but is it not selfish of others to force me to suffer just so they don’t have to feel bad? Is it ever acceptable to just give up?

&amp;nbsp;

For the people I encounter who can’t quite understand what I’m going through, I typically use this metaphor - maybe some of you can relate:

Imagine you have a headache. A headache that never, ever goes away. Sure, sometimes it might feel a bit better and sometimes a bit worse, but every second of every day, that headache is there. You try aspirin, but it doesn’t work. You try other meds to no avail. You visit doctor after doctor, and no one can seem to help you. You try homeopathic remedies and meditation, you try adjusting various aspects of your life, and nothing will get rid of your headache. 

More often than not, it is extremely hard to deal with. You feel so much pain, and can’t do anything to stop it. You want to end it any way you can, but the only advice your friends can give is, “just try not having a headache for a change!” Your pain affects how you act around people, and how people perceive you. Your friends start to push away - you and your constant pain is just bringing everybody down, and who would want to voluntarily spend time with someone so inherently depressing? And somehow, the fact that people are leaving your side just makes the headache worse, makes it so much harder to deal with. But you push on. 

Ten years of this pass. No relief. No progress. Just pain. You think about ending your life, just to end the suffering. But you can’t, because you can’t bear to hurt your parents, your siblings, the close friends that remain. You are stuck to suffer endlessly, with no hope in sight. 

What do you do?