Idk if this is the right place I just think of hundreds of ways to kill myself everydayI am 16 I will start from the begining in a second... I havent cut in almost 29 months but it keeps getting worse ans worse...
The begining... I was 5 just learning how the world works, I had a healthy brother and a health sister my brother was the middle child I was the oldest. My mom got pregnant nothing new ro me it had happed twice before that I had obsevered, I knew I would get a new brother or sister, nothing had been bad about this. Then my mom leaves and goes to the doctor and doesnt come back...at least not for a what felt like an eternity. My mom was having twins we go to see her somthing wasnt right why was she crying two sisters is good why why is she crying? They had twin to twin transsfusion, a really really rare diesase my grand parents come over as this all was happening to baby sit me and my brother and sister. I get news that she had both of them two more sisters cool good great, but even at five I knew my grandparents were not acting happy or just felt off. 10 days later one of them dies...I dont really remeber what I really felt that time I just cant recall I dont mnow if its a good thing or a horrid thing. 23 days later it gets worse I...I it still hurts...23 days later I go to the hospital and get to hold this tiny tiny tiny baby this baby is 33 days old smaller then my tiny bear the diaper doesnt even fit its also really tiny. She so pretty red and pretty, so light so soft and delicate...so vunureble, her breath so silent her tiny chest fighting for every breath, I had no idea what was coming, that this moment would haunt me for the rest of my life, that this moment would bemclawing clinging to me trying to destroy and kill me... a doctor or a nurse come in uses a stethascope and looks around at everyone and my parents then his eyes fall on mine not sad not happy not mad just taking a mental memory. He comes back in a moment of forever checks her heart and looks around again and lastly he looks at me I already knew no room could be this silent no one daring to make a move, a sound, or even breath his eyes held pain that wasnt his to feel pain that still hurt him...she died in my arms her body died there was a feeling no words can express she just left, me with a pain so deep so hurtful I still dont know if I will ever recover. The next few months are lost I have no memory no thought no picture we were all ghosts. Wishing it was a dream a nightmare filled with un parelled pain and horor and death. My family died that year they never recovered they never bouced back since then its been war.
13-15... We moved away from the house in which we had lived in while all of this had happened away from my freinds away to a diffrent state 2 states away. I got darker couldnt hold it together couldnt keep it under my hat anymore I was do e I hated myself I had a double life for so long I was losing myself in it I may have lost myself anyway...I was losing my self in the act I was becoming tje act the double it was no longer a mask I, the real me was the mask the person I hated was the one behined the mask. I gave up I was sick of feel all this pain I had to do what I thought about passingly since I was six death killing myself ending it my sister died in my arms and was gone I now not only just longed for that realease I craved it I wanted it above everything els...dying was now the only point to live you have to sie became life...mistake or not I said somthing that I was done that I give up they had no clue they were suprised freaked out and flipped out but didnt really see it yet. Got in some trouble with the law for graffiti and they came to my house, pigs, they came I pleaded the fith and they stormed in to my room and bugged my back pack with gps and sound they took the only two things I had left that I still cared about, my note book with my writting and freedom. The didnt ask they just did I hate pigs...I ran in one week went unprepared just ran to die my goal my destanation was death to feel nothing...I was in he desert and no water I drank bleach and puked most of it up it burned I knew I was so close the cops couldnt find me at all the accepted the fact that a teenager could out run atvs and cars. I dont know how long I was out for but probly 4 or 5 hrs man my stomach hurt it burned like fire I threw up again blood good, good I still am gonna die. I dont know how but I made it back to my house and knocked on the door to say good bye and they took me inside and in 20 minutes somone came and picked me up to take me to a mental hospital. I get there and dont talk for 2 days Im supposed to die Im supposed be dead. They try and make me take pills I refuse. They say they will help I take them once and I have hallusanations 2 hours later reliving my sister die over and over and over, over, over, over deatj death all I wanted was death let me die... 28 days Im there switched the meds 4 times to get the to make me gain weight like a pig sleep all day not be able to think only make things worse and worse...2 weeks all Iv done is cut it feels so good clears my head blood dripping of my arm for the first time I feel clear, the next time it gets worse deeper, even worse the more it hurts the better it clears my head blinding pain I pass out.......theres blood evey were soaked towel my sheets my chest is covered in it blood I need to hide it so I put on a long sleeve shirt and walk out of my room my mom bumps my arm I dont wince but almost do it hurts so raw lines deep deep lines all over my arm...2 weeks this gets so bad on the regular bases I pass out from pain or loss of blood the only way I sleep now. They see them well my dad bumps in to me and it hurts so much I jump he start yelling at me to show him my arm Im yelling back ready to run for it but tell my self wait they said that in 2 days Im going back to the metal hospital not really a bad thing but they take my blades all 33 of them hidden all over in my air vent in my closet in my pillow all of them I pack a bag and run for it in the middle of the night my dad chases me I stop to confront him he grabs my back pack and I bolt he cant keep up... ita totaly dark I hear sirens already damn that was quick I head for the feild next to the high school filled with cactus hiting my legs I dont care I dont feel most of it a spot ligjt turns on bright I drop to my chest they have me pinned a cop gets out of the subarban 75 yards away with a flash light Im still pinned with the spot light I trench crawl and jump to the next patch and run like hell 100 yards in 10 flat but this felt faster and I head for the high way I sit in the gully 10 fert away from the high way 75 miles an hour fast this is it Im gonna die here tonight nothings left...I stare at the stars for the last thing I will remeber the last thing I will see aside from headlights I tell my self there so betuifull they know where there going now I do to its a nice feeling numb feels so good. I see a big pick up truck coming fast so I get ready I bolt I jump in front of it it honks and swervs I open my eyes and yell WHY and bolt for the other side of the highway not even looking and get to the other side the cops are crawling all over where I should have died the second time. I spend all night and and most of the next day destroying my arm with an old arwwo head I found bleeding only passed out once I just walk home defeated and broken 6 or seven miles I wandered why why is the worst question. I go to another mental hospital filled with people as normal as they come just the same as me hurting broken or clos to it knowing what pain really is what blades are really a realease from reality.
15-16... For 2 years now Iv been better then since we moved back to a state I used to live freinds dont really they arent freinds anymore. Faking better off the pills. Then it starts looking up. We will call her kitty for her to remain nameless. She was awsome she shes her perfect weird just perfectly hurt herself but not as briken as me. She answered a question I had been asking my self for 3 years. Am I weak for trying or strong for still being here? She said that I was strong that I have helped ppl they have said that Im a souce of help a life line a suport that she loved me. I loved her...I said it back. Both parents found out of us. Her mom and my parents. Iv kissed other girls crushes I guess never love. I never kissed her but I loved her I still do I lover her I would do anything for her...but parents and her parents tore us apart ripped us from each other made her say we were done and that she couldnt take it. She now cant talk to me no phone computer nothing and when we see each other everyone in are freinds circle make sure we dont talk...they arent my freinds shes my only love. Ita been 3 months since my parwnts did that and I still love her mabye more then I did before and it still hurts raw worse then cutting ever did I have a sleeve of scars I dont want to open them but its so messed up me getting better and then ripping it all to shreds I crave pain I crave a clear head Iv written Iv sang Iv screamed Iv worked out Iv run for miles Iv slept well teied to sleep...Im running out of options need help does anyone get any of this and then my ex best freind trys and steals my gf kitty and does it in front of me tells me to my face Iv thought about punching him but what would that solve... This is a rant Im not thinking about suicide but cutting is always right there I dont want to give up. But I cant think anymore. HELP I dont know just anything...

This is a repost to what i posted to self harm but now i dont want to cut just to die
