Losing hair and on the brinkHi SW,

I don't really know how to start this post. I'm 24 and my hairline is receding, it's not super bad yet but eventually it will be. It's completely changing who I am and tonight I planned on ODing however I flushed the pills so I guess I'm holding on for a bit longer. I know considering killing yourself over hair is just plain retartar but to me it's so much more than that, in the sense that I carry so much of my self identity in my looks.

The depressing part to me is going from someone who my friends relied on to be the positive one and the one who they could lean on and stuff. I genuinely enjoy helping my friends through their hardships and giving direction, then seeing them flourish. The other aspect is going from someone who would get complimented on my looks, or called an 8/10 when I was younger to not. I've gained some weight as my emotional binging from hairloss got to me but I've been going to the gym for the past 3 months to fix that, only 10kg to go woo. I've also been meditating daily to help myself, alongside reading powerful self improvement books like 7 habits of highly effective people, how to Win friends and Influence people, think and grow rich, etc.

The really dumb part to me is I've helped friends get past stuff like this and now I'm letting it destroy me, I really am. I can't practice the advice I preach it seems. I've made so many efforts like those listed above to try just be a better person mentally and physically but idk, nothing seems to work, though I guess I'm still here so something is working.

Now I know friends don't care about the hair on my head, but women do but that's another story, but I feel like I can't be their supportive and directive friend if I'm not happy with myself. My self esteem, my confidence and my will to care is at an all time low. It sucks. I broke up with my girlfriend a month ago, things were not good for either of us, and now the worse my hair gets the worse I'm getting I feel.

I'm starting medication to try regrow my hair (finasteride - I'm aware the risks) but jesus I never thought something so little such as hair would make me very highly consider necking myself.

For other guys out there going through hairloss, I hope you handle it much better than I, I really believe it's not the biggest deal in the world, it sucks yeah sure, but it's not a deal breaker and other people don't care. Hypocritical coming from me, yup I realise.

I guess I'm posting this also to try relieve some feelings, I want to tell my best friend how I feel but he dismisses my hairloss as really something to not care about that I just can't adopt so I've stopped talking to him about my feelings.

Hope you're all OK and persevere through your hardships.

Thanks for the support. 