No matter what I do I just keep failing 

So I don't usually post at all but I need to let it all out so I apologize if this is long/formatted poorly.

Welp here goes nothing...

I honestly do not know what to do anymore. Everything I do I just keep failing. Failure is probably the best word I would use to describe myself. In highschool I was an ugly loser nobody with no friends, and disregarded my mental health and my grades suffered. I finally began turning all that around after meeting with a therapist and I got good grades for 2 straight years. Just as I thought I was staring to do things right, I got slapped with 20 rejections from colleges. I honestly do not know why I didn't kill myself then and there (believe me it was all I was thinking about) but I said fuck it and I kept pushing on and I went to community college. Now while my grades have been improving my mental health just keeps getting worse and I've even stopped seeing my therapist. Now I should probably preface by saying I have really big dreams academically, specifically for a small technical school in Massachusetts. Yes I know this dream is stupid, yes I know the school doesn't make the person, yes I know it's about what you do not where you do it, I get all that I've heard it a thousand times already. Anywho I've been trying do anything I can to improve my chances for maybe getting in for graduate school (even tho its pointless because I'm just gonna get rejected again because I started at a cc :\] ) so I've been trying to get a summer research position and even though I've applied to close to 15+ positions I've been rejected to almost all of them so far even the ones specifically for cc students. The only applications still pending are for positions that are reaches and so I'm most likely going to get rejected from those as well. I even emailed close 30 professors to ask for any sort of work and all I've gotten in response was either "Glad you're interested but I can't help you", or no response all together. At this rate I feel like just killing myself by the end of the school year. I've never had a single thing go right so why even bother anymore. I've never had anything make me be hopeful for the future, I've never had anything that made me jump out of my seat with joy, I've never had a reason to call my parents excitedly to tell them about something good that has happened. I just want something good to happen, just one thing. Is that too much to ask? I'm just tired of all this failure. Whenever I get my hopes up even just a little I get slapped with failure. Honestly what's the point of even trying. The stupid thing is I knew this is what was most likely going to happen, yet here I am still surprised. Fuck everything and fuck my life. 

&amp;#x200B;

...I wish I was dead.