I’m stuck here and I’m so scaredDisclaimer this is a little long but please help me I’m desperate ..


I’ve had severe depression for a long time but actually got diagnosed with it a few years ago when I was hospitalized for multiple suicide attempts, since then I’ve been to a few other hospitals and have had a few doctors, I’ve been put on many different meds through the years and not one has helped even a little.  So I was recently diagnosed with Treatment Resistant Depression. and they put me on a drug called Ketamine, which is pretty heavy and it’s supposed to help with severe cases of depression, and TRD. I was put on it a few months ago as a ‘last resort’ before we lose hope. but of course not even that helps me. 

I just can’t stand it anymore, I wake up and cry because I have a WHOLE nother day to fucking get through. I don’t have the motivation for school, i can’t ever do work outside school because I don’t care, I mean If I don’t care about life why would I care about bullshit homework. I don’t have the motivation for a job, i used to work as a waitress and worked in a retirement home for 2 years, I got a new job and quit after 2 days of working because I simply can’t handle the expectations and social interaction. I can’t even get myself up to go play the sports I’ve been in love with since I was a kid.. nothing excites me anymore, everything is boring. I can’t even hang out with friends without finding myself bored out of my mind or even wanting to go home because being social takes too much mental energy. I’m always fucking tired and never want to get out of bed. 

I’ve tried everything, meds, therapy, getting out, changing my mindset, changing what I eat, exercising, going outside for a walk, just sitting outside, reading, being with friends. Not a thing helps me. I’ve tried advice from professionals, random people, friends... no one can help. And it’s rare I can even find someone who even remotely feels what I do. I mean I’m living in hell and people have no idea. My friends and family have looked at me and told me they always try and help but they never know what to do because I’m just unhelpable. And it’s true, nothing helps, I’m just in misery everyday. And I feel like shit because of it, it hurts other people in my life. My mom has no understanding of what I’m going through, she yells at me all the time for being lazy and it’s gotten to a point where I believe it. If I can’t do something Bc I’m too depressed, I just plummet more and bash myself for being a lazy piece of meat that just takes up space. She has a way of convincing me it’s all my fault. I’m always scared to come home because of it 

My entire life is based on me trying to keep my depression minimally functional. I have no ‘off’ days either, some people have good days sometimes but I don’t. Every waking hour is hell. Sleep is the only break I get but sleep is sleep. Once you actually manage to fall asleep you just wake right back up. I don’t even care about things anymore either. I almost crashed my car today because I was looking at my phone, and I don’t even care, I have no respect for this planet or myself anymore.. 

I dream about killing myself every hour of everyday, it just brings a huge feeling of relief to me and looks like heaven... (metaphorically.. I’m not religious though Yes, I’ve tried that too) but ever since my old attempts, I’ve been too scared to try again. I know how easy it it to fail and then I’ll just be stuck dealing with a hospital or something.. so I’m just stuck here.   I regret everyday my old attempts failing.. I’d give anything to go back in time and tell myself to try a little harder. I had no idea things could get worse. 

 one of the reasons I think I may keep myself here is because I sometimes don’t want to throw away the good things i have in life. for example, I know I’m smart, ive always been in honors/accel classes, even when I’ve never tried for any of them, the knowledge just always came naturally to me. The bullying in school subsided a year or two ago and since then I’ve had no troubles, I’m tall and thin, and i know I’m attractive. I have many friends and have no problems getting guys or anything. I’m naturally good at sports and play multiple. Ive been showjumping horses since I was 5 and have won thousands of dollars in competition over the years, I tumble for fun, run for fun sometimes, and I high jump for my track team, and it’s very possible I could get a scholarship for it this year even. - I’m going into my senior year of high school btw. And I’ve always had good common sense. I have a good understanding for how the world works, and how people work. And not many people have that from what I’ve grown to know.

But none of that matters when it comes down to it. The mental disease I have is life numbingly unbearable.. it’s to the point where my grades actually suffer, I got my first C last semester and I know it’ll only be worse this year. It  jeopardizes my sports, I always get there and all my energy, physical and mental, has been drained because I’m just trying to stop myself from giving up all day.

This sucks.

I’m genuinely stuck.. I don’t even know how to properly explain it. This probably explains about 3% of what I’m actually feeling. But please help if you have any idea how. I don’t know what to do, it seems suicide is my only real option if I want any peace, but I’m not sure how to overcome my fear..