The feeling of isolation...It’s so hard to put into words the feelings, emotions and urges to want to give into giving up... I just don’t see what the point to life is anymore. It’s become this rinse, lather &amp; repeat kind of existence and I never thought I would ever feel like this, but I do.  And while I know I have family &amp; friends who care (or supposedly care) I can literally go DAYS without a call, text or some kind of human interaction and almost 100% of the time I’m the person who initiates it. Which just reinforces the thoughts in my head where I sit here an think of just how easy it could be... it use to be feeling guilty that would make me think exiting stage right would upset people &amp; it would... maybe... but now I don’t care any more about “them”, because I feel like if any of them gave a shit, I wouldn’t feel so alone and rejected.

So the why is complicated... I’ve been dealing with various health crap my entire life.. from the mild of dealing with learning disabilities caused by brain damage I was born with, to finding out that my dad had a rare genetic disease which caused his cancer and my parents coming clean when I was 12 and ironically right before I was diagnosed with it myself. Surgery to prevent cancer to surgery which found cancer, to getting poked, prodded &amp; probed between once a year to every few months, to more surgery, more cancer... somewhere in the middle of my mess, my dad died, my world crashed and my mom decided to start smoking again and waste so much money on opiates to not have to deal with the emotional pain of losing my dad. I lost 2 parents that wee early morning, 7 hours before the last semester before I graduated w/ my AA... I worked so hard trying to get it before my dad passed... my dad and I were close... he was my go to for how to deal with shit and now that he’s gone, it’s kinda me going alone... we’ll it wasn’t always but last year my BF tells me the day before that he’s moving out... what?!? No discussions noth8ng just peace out... I’ll try to help if I can... then I figure out how he was able to do it... he took advantage of my trust and my memory because he’d take money out to pay the rent... only I had already paid it... now I’m dealing with the fact that I have cancer w/o a cure and no one cares enough to want to help me or really be there for me... so if I ever get to the point where I can’t live alone they want to put me in an old person home... wtf... I’d rather end shit on my terms and give those assholes in my life who supposedly love me, the finger and let them deal with the fact that I’d rather die free than live ina place that wreaks of disgusting bodily fluids and decay... no thank you... which makes me wonder why I bother doing all this crap to myself when ultimately no one cares if I’m here or not.

I just am so tired of being alone.... tired of fighting and then confused when people tell me not to give up but then flip around and question why I fight so hard... wtf am I suppose to give up &amp; in and just wait to die?!? If so screw that..

Not saying I’m going to do it now... but some days it’s really hard to find a reason to keep fighting ... especially when the ones who supposedly love you could give a rats ass if I’m here or not... I’m just so tired 