Correctable mistakes snowballed into something horrible.I end up paying for mistakes I've made, or risks I've taken in my life ten times over. I might also seriously have the worst luck ever. I've looked into ending my life but it says in the sidebar we're not allowed to discuss methods so I'll leave it at that. It's almost like I'm just a normal person trapped in a very, very abnormal life. By the time I realized what was going on, way too much time had passed. So I've started to formulate my exit plan. I hope no one will judge me here.

 My father is something I can't even say on here because I'm too embarrassed to even say it. You can use your imagination though. I was severely neglected by mother, she didn't even teach me how to read, make a bed, drive a car, ride a bike, my dad provided the bare basics and I learned everything else by trial and error, or other people's parents. As a child, she would throw my shoes out the window. No one but my dad knew, no one would even think to ask about something so bizarre, right? She was really unstable and would have very public screaming fits on vacations, I've literally never seen anyone act as crazy as her, not even the mentally ill homeless people you might run into, like she would be on a small rowboat, screaming that she wants to die on a lake for thousands of people to hear. She's apparently been in this conditon since she was in elementary school but no one got her any help.

My mother would try to get into car accidents while I was in her car, and I don't really feel safe in cars unless I'm the one driving anymore. She would sneak up behind me while I showered, or hide in closets, pretend to mishear me when I spoke, and instigate hours long screaming fights like clockwork every time I went out with friends. While I lived with her she would leave raw meat out on the counter over night maybe in the hopes I might get sick. My mother's thought process is actually even scarier than the behavior that I've briefly described. When I have a migraine, she will withhold medication for hours. If I cough once, she'll keep asking me if I'm okay. If I have a fever, she'd tell me I'm lazy. When I'm healthy, she screams in my face daily that I turned out poorly because she spoiled me too much, even though I was so conscious of money that I wore kid's jackets in college to save money, lived in a 2 bedroom apartment with 3 roommates, have never been on vacation with her since I was 14 even though she goes on vacation twice a year. I know it sounds trivial, but she literally can't go a day without putting someone down about what college they went to. It's actually crazy though, it's not snobbery, it's like some really weird, scary obsession unlike anything I've ever seen. She only sees people through this one label, it's like they are not even humans at all. She never listened to music, read, or did much of anything. It's compensatory narcissism taken to the next level. The only emotions I've ever seen her express are rage and sadness, and a weird flatness. She sees people as superheros or peasants. For a while she became obsessed with the idea that I wasn't allowed to do more than survive. So I had to convince her human beings are meant to do more than survive. This barely scratches the surface of my experiences.

I honestly should not have been born. My life is such a nightmare, I'm not even human in the normal sense of the word. My dad is also mentally-ill, vindictive, and violent. They are way more than mentally-ill and abusive though. They're incredibly similar to the weird neighbors in the movie American Beauty, but within the disorienting, gritty world of American Horror Story. Honestly, when that series came out I wondered if Ryan Murphy had been stalking me all these years. I was a victim of severe gaslighting, sexual, physical, emotional and verbal abuse. What makes it such a trap is that they are basically outcasts, so everything is totally weird, the way they talk, they never joke, my dad knows like a total of a 100 words, they just don't have the social skills even the average person might have, even our house was weird, the cars they drove were weird. But since they were in such reactive denial about it, I could never fully come to terms with the truth. So I was so brainwashed my own eyes would deceive me.

You might wonder how in the world I could stay in a situation like that right? I think I'm pretty submissive by nature, and my parents hammered it into me I wasn't allowed want the stable lifestyle my friends had, my life has literally been a prison where I took it for granted that I belonged in a completely different world than everyone else, and that led me down a really dark path for absolutely no reason. I did try to go college at first. I had a dissociative disorder my whole life and my mother constantly sabotaged my college education so I could never get away successfully. She manipulated me into applying to lower tier schools than I initially qualified for. I still trusted her at that point. I was so used to being gaslighted that I couldn't even think they were abusive until I had suffered another 6 years with PTSD while trying to have a normal college experience, having to put up with weekly screaming matches where I'd be told I would never get a job, and be exploited whenever I needed any money. I had to move in with my mother to save money and escape, but she was aware of my intentions and embarked on this terrifying extinction burst. She contacted her doctor and tried to get me medicated, self-diagnosed me with mental illnesses, and tried to get her employees to ambush me, catch me off guard in the most vulnerable time of my life, thousands of miles away from my support network, and emotionally abuse me and completely erase my past. They told me I had always been a difficult child, that I had grown up a loner with no friends, and that I needed anger management. I was incredibly disoriented and felt like my whole life was being stolen from me, I thought I was literally dead for a full year. So I had a total breakdown, had to try to heal in the midst of this twisted, malicious intervention engineered by my mother who is actually the one who has always needed help since she was a child, and I've finally come out of that only to realize that I've been screwed. I don't know what to do. My life isn't worth living. I wasted so much time I planned on spending healing, in order to fight this ridiculous war I totally should have seen coming, but I honestly never thought she would take it this far, and I'm completely worn out. I realize now I shouldn't have let it get to me, but at the time I wasn't aware of triggers, CPTSD, narcissism and the way abuse works. I was really naive and thought that everything was going to work out, that my mother would get help and I might have the family I always wanted. I don't need anyone anymore, but nothing makes me happy. I have no future. I should have spent a lifetime focusing on myself, instead of my mother.  She would literally try to interrupt me from studying, establishing a social life, improving my appearance, being liked by other people and somehow find a way to make me feel crushing guilt about this on a minute by minute, day by day, year by year basis, I think there is nothing left in me that can possibly try anymore, I've been crushed too many times, and this last disaster with her has really, destabilized my life, I'm so behind and isolated. I don't think the people I used to know would even recognize what my life has become. 