My depression has hit the lowest point in years. Only thing stopping a hospital stay is hiding my true intentions from my support team.This week has been emotionally self-draining. No one died. No one broke up with me. No life trauma. But day-to-day bs is finally getting to me, along with my outlook on life.

I see no future. I have a plan, I keep intending to finally take out those knives I'm hiding and do the ultimate deed. Only thing stopping is procrastination. I've marked a 10 severity for numerous days on my journals.

My paranoid schizophrenia is getting to me as well. You know how those doomsayers talking about next month (September 2015) will get to me. And I completely distrust half my support team to begin with. My parents are lying, manipulative and abusive bastards, and the staff here at my GH are the same. I trust my therapist and psych workers, but only so much.

Other than my current psych counselors, my state actually has some of the worst mental health treatment in the country, generally. I know huge motivating factor in actually commiting suicide is fear. The same fear that drives one to jump out of a high rise to his death because of a fire. The same fear that drives bully victims to commit suicide themselves. Deep down, a part of me secretly hopes a similar fear to materialize in some form. But my logical brain keeps reminding me "be careful what you wish for" is still true.

But my existing fear is a continuation of my life shituation. Typo intentional. Bully parents. Bully staff. Eternal Forever Alone. Eternal Kiss-Less Male Virgin. Global society collapse. Global biosphere collapse. A world without computers at *some point* in our lifetimes. And a global 1984 dictatorship in much less time.
All these fears are culminating right now to push me beyond the terminal threshold.

I see no future for me. I see no Happy Hollywood Ending. I see no freedom. And almost certainly I see no sex or romance outside of Sims games. Especially, ***especially*** since my life shituation unintentionally makes me give off "Complete Catfish" vibes to people on dating sites and r4r's.