This quarantine is like how my life is, such pathetic existenceDepression, too sensitive, anxiety, grief, unemployment, and low self-esteem has locked me away for so long. I have tried so hard to get out, banged on the door, screamed prayed for a life not like this. Now the world is like my life everyday. Stuck at home, because I don't have friends, enough money, or a job or anywhere to go, I watch and wish I had a life. Then my mental illness kicks in and can't go out sometimes because I feel too freaked out in the world or ugly or sad.  The pain is unending. Years and years of this, barely getting by, getting close but the doors shut when hope shines in, I stopped hoping or wishing for anything. I go to the store and come home, pretend I have a normal life. I don't, I am isolated sad and depressed way before this began. I did have a dog but she died, I did have Mom but she died. I am getting older my body and skin is changing and I don't want to be an old person. This life has been torture. Everything is a trigger now a reminder of what a loser I am. Never married, never succeeded, no kids, no money, own very little. Feel left behind and left out, unlovable. Mind you I am grateful, I hate it when people say, "just be grateful" you can be grateful and sad. I am thankful for so much, but I hate myself. I want this to end. I don't want to be here anymore. My heart is shattered; I want to be with my Mom and my dog. No one will even know I am gone. I see no future. I can't live like this anymore. I have tried, stayed as long as I can, I want out. I feel so guilty because there are people dying of all sorts of things out in the world who have people who love them and need them, I would give them my life to be released from mine. This quarantine is so ironic. It is the one time in my life that I am not worried about being unemployed, because everyone is in a way. But the thing is when everything is back to normal, I will still be stuck in my isolation my soul screaming inside even louder to leave this world.