Feeling really lowThings in my life used to be really great. I was smart, doing well at university, having lots of fun hanging out with friends and drinking. I genuinely loved my life, and I was excited about my future.

I was arguing alot with my girlfriend. About stupid things mostly, the dishes, cleaning and the like (we were, and are, living together). We also hardly ever had sex anymore, maybe once a month, compared to almost every night for the first year or so we had been together. Wasn't a bg thing in itself, but I think it really started to get me down.

Anyway, a little over a year ago, I finally decided that I should leave her. I hadn't said anything to her yet, but I wasn't happy with her anymore. Before I got a chance to say anything to her about it, she told me she was pregnant. For me this was a no-brainer, I didn't want a kid, I wasn't ready to raise one financially or emotionally. Especially not with her. And I thought she didn't want it either. She had always joked about how she would get an abortion so fast if she got pregnant. She hated babys, and little kids.

But she decided she wanted to keep it. Not because she wanted it, but because she couldn't handle getting rid of it. I made it pretty clear that I thought this was the wrong descision. In my mind I couldn't leave her now, because people would think it was because of the baby, not because of her. But she decided to keep it anyway, and I decided that I would give being a dad my best shot. Stress from this caused me to fail at uni, which was something I'm unaccustomed to, and added to me feeling down, as well as setting me back a year.

Now I have a young baby, I live with my girlfriend. Life with a baby isn't easy, and we are fairly poor, I'm still studying and working part time, and she's staying at home with the baby. I love my kid alot... more than I thought I could. I love my girlfriend too, but I also hate her.

I hate her because I feel like she's ruined my life. I never wanted a baby, the situation I'm currently in is a literal nightmare for me. I hate that I now have a responsibility to my child. I hate that I have to rely on money from the government to live. I hate that I now have very little free time or freedom. I eve hate that I love her and my kid, because if I didn't, leaving would be easy.

I've started smoking behind her back, about a pack a week. I've been doing it since I found out she was pregnant. She would be mad if she found out. In the last month or so I've started drinking too, hiding a hipflask in my bag. I feel a bit better when I'm drunk or smoking, I guess because I feel like I'm in control of something.

I've thought about killing myself a fair bit. How I would do it. How the people I left behind would react. If I'd want it to look like an accident. But I think I'm more likely to just walk out and head into the bush one day, and never come back.

I'm not really sure what I'm looking for posting here. Just to share my mind I guess.