Three of my friends have died in the last 365 days. I'm doing poorly in school and I'm likely not going to go to college or have a future. My parents hate me for it and have already threatened to disown me. I have a really low IQ. Tell me why I shouldn't end it now.Hello. I'm a teenager in my junior year of high school in a sparsely populated mountainous state in the United States. School started a month ago for me, as I go to a private academy. And guess what? Despite my best efforts, I'm already failing. And badly. And my parents say they're going to disown me.

I've struggled with school my whole life. I've always had trouble learning things, let's say. It's been an emotionally distressing struggle too. I've cried my way through school, trying my best, *but you see, sometimes your best just isn't enough.*

I once was forced to get a learning disability and IQ test by my school. I have no learning disabilities. I have an IQ of 73. For those uninformed on the scale of IQ tests, that's pretty low.

I have no real skills. I'm not "good with people", I'm not a good artist, repairman, programmer, and I have a problem where I seem to fuck up just about everything I touch. So unless you count rotting and doing homework as a skill, I'm essentially unskilled. And honestly, I just don't want to become an unskilled laborer. I don't want to become a "cook" at some shitty fast food restaurant, I don't want to be a construction worker, I don't want to be a janitor, I don't want to be a retail worker, you get my point, don't you?

So because of this, my dad (who, for the record, is Asian, Vietnamese to be precise) is threatening to disown me. In his own words, "I will not have one of my descendants be a blue-collar unskilled idiot. That's the road you're headed down. Fix it. You WILL go to college and work a professional job and make me proud. Or you won't be my son anymore." Of course, that's not the only thing he's said. He's said a lot more.

Oh yeah, and that's not even the only problem! One of my closest friends committed suicide last Halloween. I was out trick-or-treating with him that night, I still remember it so clearly. He didn't seem to be very happy, and when I asked him what was wrong he wouldn't tell me. Eventually he had to go home. Then he shot himself. No note. No nothing.

Then another one of my very close friends committed suicide in January because people were bullying and blackmailing her.

Then someone else close to me committed suicide yesterday.

My close friends are dead. I'm failing school. I've tried too hard to tolerate myself being an "unskilled, laboring, idiot". My parents are unhappy with me and I'm going to get disowned. I'm running out of time. It's nowhere but down from here. I've already devised quite a few ways I could go out.

So tell me, what reason do I have to *not* die? Seriously.