Was suicidal, but right now... not really sure what I am any more. Just confused and tired a lot about things.Long story short, I've struggled with suicidal thoughts for over a decade and it's only recently that I've actually started acknowledging just how far back it's gone and just how close I actually came. And as much as I'd like to say I'm over it now, I really don't think I am.

It took me until a couple of months back before I started admitting to myself that okay, having a plan about how to commit suicide and repeatedly picturing killing myself at 12 and feeling that my parents would be much better off without me was maybe not normal and something to just be dismissed. Even if I hadn't gone through with it I'd been pretty serious- my parents had said that their main reason for not having another kid was because I was a financial burden, I'd kept disappointing them so I figured if I was out of the way they could try again and hopefully the child from that wouldn't be as useless as I'd been. 

I handled suicidal inclinations back then by putting myself in situations where I could come as close as possible to feeling what it'd be like. I was a coward and afraid of pain so I never cut myself, even though I had easy access to knives. Guns are hard to come by where I live so that wasn't an option. I'd sit on roofs of apartment blocks about 18 storeys off the ground and dangle my legs off the edge when I was young, then tried out bungee jumping and other stuff like that when I was older to come as close as I could. Mostly I think I was trying to prepare myself to get over the fear of falling.

I always thought for a long time that none of this was serious because I'd never actually go through with any of it, but after reflecting on stuff, the fact that my reasons for not going through with it were mostly along the lines of 'a few people would be sadder if I were dead than if I were alive' and not at all based on suicide not being a good thing or actually wanting to live was a little problematic. And I think something that is important to state is that I didn't exactly want to die when I was suicidal; rather, I didn't care whether I lived or died and felt as if continuing to live was a drain on people and causing them more grief than good. 

Right now, I wouldn't really call myself suicidal. I can sometimes think that I want to live for my own sake, but it took a long while to get there at all, and it's not something that I'm entirely sure of, nor is it something I always think. A lot of the time I worry that wanting to live is just being incredibly selfish of me, and I keep trying to set markers- 'I won't kill myself as long as this other thing is there' or 'I won't kill myself as long as this person is still talking to me' or 'I'll wait for another few months before considering it again but then I'll be more serious about it', and so on. 

I guess all I wanted to say is- if kids ever sound like or tell you they're discussing suicide, take them seriously. Also, not being suicidal doesn't really mean that you won't be struggling with having been at one point, and just because you don't want to die doesn't mean that you actually also want to live. I kind of wish there was an upside to all of this, but there isn't much of one, really. I'd like to hope that I'm on the right track with trying to deal with the giant list of issues I have, but it doesn't really stop being difficult, or a pain in the ass to confront.