I feel like I can't achieve anythingI'm sorry about the wall of text ahead. I've summed up my whole life as good as I could. Also, I'm a spanish speaker, so sorry for every grammar mistake. But please, PLEASE, take the time to read it. This comes from someone who has reached his breaking point and is convinced has nothing to do with this life any more.

I'm an 18 year old male.
First, when I was in kindergarten I had trouble making friends. I would always hang out with one or two (awkward as me) kids, one of them was so weird he wouldn't say a word in kindergarten, we thought he was mute. But at the time I didn't care, I was too naive to realize what that meant or said about me.
When I entered first grade history would repeat itself. I would only hang out with two guys whom I'd always play tag with in every recess, even if I didn't want to because I was too nice to say no. -This is important- I've always had (and still have) a difficulty to say No and be healthily mean which would make me one of the less respected individuals in the crowd.

Finally, by fourth grade my time to barely fit in finally arrives and I meet the two best friends I've ever had along with a bunch of barely good friends. This is the first time in my life I feel like I belong in a group. But at the same time I felt like I also was a little left appart, like we were all sleeping in a bed and I was the guy that could cover only half of himself with the sheet. I'd always be the one to be mocked.

Time passed by and they became more social, started meeting people I couldn't get along with because they were too cool and there was (I can't bee fully sure about this but I'm 95% sure) something with my appearance which made people look at me funny. I'm skinny and have a considerably bigger head than most people. Also I'm quite pale and have marked dark circles under my eyes. I'm not one of the prettiest. (So that 95% is just not to fall in absolutes).

Finally I changed to another school for highschool. This was a tough point for me. I started hating my parents and it marked the eve of my depression. It was the school of rich kids school of the town, so needless to say all the girls were either the bunch of slutty blondies or the resentful not-so-attractive crew; both of which would treat an ugly person like me like shit.

The guys on the other hand were as okay as they could get. There were three who were probably the most popular kids in town given one of them was even the son of the mayor. And then there were the "quiet" ones. They were nerdy, they were awkward. There would be no problem hanging out with them, right? Turns out it was even hard for me to relate to these losers. They formed the group and I could barely join it by the end of the year. Not to mention I was the only one that already knew two of these kids before school. I was indeed lucky.
However I hated everything that had to do with that school, I wanted to hang out with my old friends. I spent all my freshman year going skating with my old friends, who would keep meeting new people and (unintentionally) leaving me appart. It wasn't their fault though, the idea might've been we all mixed up with these new people, but I just couldn't. Every time I met someone they either would treat me like a dumb moron fuck (again, probably because of my appearance) or if they were nice and polite enough they would have a small chat with me but I'd be forgotten by the minute the chat ended.

First year of high school is over and I've stopped seeing my friends. Only my two best friends keep calling me to keep hanging around but I just can't, I have an unpleasant time when I'm with them, but it's not them, it's me. Here's when I leave them and go back to computer games (I used to play a lot as a kid, I loved computer games, and I blame this as one of the reasons I have such undeveloped social skills). From this moment to the present I develop an extraordinary knoweledge for computer games and rock music, this is how I tried to escape the depression which started when I was 14, faded a little when I got to 16 and bumped back hard in my mid 17's, but we'll get to that later.

Second year of high school and I still have trouble to relate to my new classmates. There's this kid that looked like harry potter and made bad jokes that was suddenly put aside from the "group" and I tried to befriend. I tried hard for us to be friends but it was obvious he didn't like me, we were just friends because we had noone else. We wouldn't meet up too frequently either. It was a shitty time, eventually we made it to the "group". Him more than me. But we "are" in the "group".

However, one day it happens. I get deeply depressed. We used to skate with my old friends, and we would always gather at the same place. So, to fight my depression I decide to visit them, I knew where to find them. We were all cheerful, I promised I'd go back to skate and hanging out with them, but after one week I broke my promise. I just couldn't, I didn't feel comfortable there, and it wasn't my friends fault, and I guess it wasn't mine either. Shitty times go by, everything is grey in my eyes and I get used to the depression. For the next, say, two years there's no photo of me smiling. I spend the summer alone. I'm paler than ever. When I meet my new group of "friends" (the "group") back at school we barely could get along and they invited me to the beach since there were still sunny days. It was like "Oh, hey Robert!" (let's pretend my name is Robert) "Wanna come to the beach with us?"
We had a good time I guess and we start gaining confidence, but I still am that guy half covered by the sheet (and still will be until now). Stuff in third grade goes regularly, depressed as always.

Fourth grade. This was the best year of high school for me. Why? There were inner fights in the "group" and this is the story of my life: when the others are having a bad time I have a good time and vice versa. We excluded a couple of friends and I suddenly became more relevant. We were really silly and would make utterly stupid jokes. Always in our own group, without socializing with other people, just as I liked. I'd form a strong friendship with this friend, let's call him "Alfredo" because we were quite alike. He'd always invite me to his house to sleep and stuff, we became good friends. In the summer of that year these two guys joined back the group. I went to a trip and when I come back I find out Alfredo is the new outcast. So I spend the summer with both parties, Alfredo and the "group". Here I think I made another mistake since there were people in the "group" that had no reason to be mad at Alfredo but excluded him anyways. While I, however, being the excessively friendly individual I've been my whole life spend the summer with both parties.

Fifth grade! The year I thought would be the shittiest of my life but I was wrong! Alfredo finally joins back. The "group" finally gets tired of it's nerdy attitude towards life (we would always talk about videogames) and we start going to clubs. They all become selling out since they need to be cooler. Why? Because now they are going to meet new people. Exactly, the thing I hate. Personal relationtips start becoming less relevant and it all becomes political. They start befriending each other to gain some sort of social status. Even if they don't like each other they form alliances which they call friendships. The circlejerk is born. Suddenly I remember I'm the worst looking of my friends. Alfredo is the best looking. You guessed right, we are no longer friends. Not in public. I really hate the idea of selling out so I avoid cutting my hair like a douchebag and wearing gel. I become more unpopular by the minute. When we go to clubs everyone talks to each other, except for me, I've become that irrelevant. I'm just the guy that's in the group and should be invited. I've always been a nervous wreck, but these last years I start emanating a horrible smell from my armpits every time I'm at school. It sucks because as long and hard as I shower the next day I'm gonna stink. Which will lead us to sixth grade, officially the worst year of my entire existance so far.

Six, my fav number. I had a feeling this would be the best year since it was the last of school and all we'd do was fool around, like everyone did. That was true, but everything else was shitty. Let's start by the smell thing. Every time I spent more than 40 minutes in a class room there would always be someone who'd complain about the smell. But this year I had the misfortune to have forgotten to wear deodorant this single, precious day and I smell like a fuckin fishery. This one female classmate finds out and associates it with me. I'm now known as the "Dirty One". Way to begin the year. I had gotten the license to drive before all my mates so every time we hung around I became a little more "visible" because of that. Finally Alfredo, now pretty much the most popular guy in our social group mostly because of looks since he's as socially retarded (or even more) as I am, gets the license. I get the invisibility cloak again. During the last years I befriended this guy who was pretty much the second most unpopular guy in the "group". This guy is pretty much like me. He's mocked everywhere he goes because of his looks (he is korean, his head is as big as mine, but he has a wider torso and is a tad shorter). Unlike me he doesn't have trouble making friends at all, once you get to know him personally he's pretty cool. This guy is pretty dumb in school matters and that's pretty much the only thing that holds our friendship, since noone else will help him (because he is REALLY dumb) I help him with homework and he is my friend and talks to me. However things go by until I decide to check the Facebook of the girl I liked. I had only seen her three times in my life and was already in love with her (like two years ago). I thought this girl was my age, the only problem is she went to a different school and I had really little strategies to meet her (I was reluctant to chat by Facebook) I was planning to assist her prom or something and talk to her there. However, as I was saying I checked her facebook and find out she had already graduated last year, she was a year older than me. Holy shit, this is when the depression kicks back, and kicks back strongly.For the last two years I had developed a certain mental dependency to have her, I felt it was like my destiny since she was perfect. She was far from being the society's portrayal of perfect girl, she was perfect for ME, the few things I knew about her made me love her. And now she is in God knows where attending to God knows what college meeting God knows what people and I'll never meet her again. Shit, shit, shit. This depression makes me think about my life. I realize what a shitty life I had, however I'm not surprised. Suddenly I hate everything. It all sucks and I find it surprising I could fall asleep. The next day I pay one of my old two best friends a visit. We have a good time, we play the guitar together, I kinda regain some mental stability but I almost cried when I entered that house and saw his mum. Back at home I tell my mum a few things about my depression. I don't tell her enough as to not make her worried. Just the usual things (I'm getting to college, I miss home, blah blah blah).

Next day, back at school. Suddenly my korean best friend turns into an ass. I'm half ignored by the rest of the "group" as usual. I try to ignore it all and go home to kinda improve myself. I knew how to play the guitar so I start learning a lot of songs which I used to think were "poser-ish" but now I come to appreciate them, songs that everyone knew and we used to listen to since we were kids. I got all nostalgic but I learned to play and sing each one of them. I thought about this bonfire we went to a couple months back where a girl brought her guitar and started playing these songs. Again, songs I hated, but now they brought me back to childhood.
Next day (today) we were supposed to gather at a friend's house to then go to the club. I really didn't like going dancing but we generally have a good time in the house part where we drink together and talk. I arrive at the house and send a message to the host to open me. He doesn't respond, I'm out of credit so I can't call him. I send a message to the WhatsApp group. Suddenly one of the guys that were invited calls me and tells me they are all in Alfredo's car going to the birthday party of a friend from the tennis club. That's when the few ashes my self-esteem left are blown by the wind. Now I am here. I've been depressed many times, and I've thought about suicide a couple of times, but they remained as thoughts, I always invalidated those thoughts because I knew they were stupid and my situation wasn't that bad. I mean, I never took those thoughts seriously.

Until now. This is my lowest point in life. I literally have nothing to bet for. I know history will repeat itself. I'm convinced when I go to college I'll keep being the half-bed-sheet guy. I'll keep being irrelevant. I've always moved forward and I've always kept failing. And right now I hate my life. I'm convinced I'll be this mediocre piece of shit I've always been. This is a permanent problem, and guess what the permanent solution is? I'm tearing up right now. I don't need someone to tell me I'm wrong. I need someone to give me a solution. Something to improve myself, to be a different person. Please.

edit: Some grammar mistakes. And, hell, I'm sorry if this is hard to read. I wrote it in an hour.