suicidal please helpi feel like im an indulgent kid who had no concept of reality and has gotten themselves in a shit hole. i worked super hard in high school to get into college. i was seen as shy and sweet so i would get away with cheating sometimes + i would fake panic attacks to get out of tests. i was a really anxious kid, and sort of copied how my best friend was anxious too i think.
so in my fancy liberal arts college i was around ppl who were like, 'ah, fuck grad school. grades dont matter' and since i was so obsessed with grades in high school/external reward i didnt conceive of the idea of learning for learnings sake. i also thought maybe someone would rescue me cause they thought i was pretty, and would sort of be this manic pixie dream girl type for guys even tho ive recently realized im gay.
and so i've gotten thru 3.5 yrs of college and my parents paying 200,000 dollars without feeling passionate+ feeling really sad and sorry for myself because i felt trapped in friendship with these two other girls and we were all negative together and didnt really seek out other friendships. and i didnt explore other classes that i thought i would love, besides the major i had chosen for myself (english) evene tho i would barely read on y own! its like i was incapable of thinking for myself.
throughout the entirety of college i would ask for extensions on things because i think i saw myself as a really anxious person and part of it was enhanced by myself i think.
and now i dont know how to work--ive taken a leave of absence half way thru the semester because i couldnt get my work done--i woudl get a heaviness in my chest frm feeling so alone even tho i had my few friends. and so i left. and i think most of it was laziness combined with tht pain.
basically i cant live my life and i fucked it up really badly. i have the sweetest father and we're all living at home right now (my dad, my mom who has alzheimers and me + my sisters off at college). 
i dont know what to do with myself. i have no interests, passions, etc. i havent lived life at all. i dont know how to move forward. i dont think i am even depressed persay. i just have spent my life being really sad and alone, and i've really fucked up my future now. i dont know what to do. at all. i feel like ive set myself up for a shitty life and more pain for my family + i know im a shitty person.