I hate myself and feel that I deserve to feel this way and don't deserve to live(Context: 21 male living at home while commuting to college and work while trying to manage depression and anxiety problems) I don't understand it. It's so hard to be nice to myself. But if I knew someone else like me and about my situation I would want to do anything I could to be nice to them. But I don't like myself and think I deserve this. I think it might be due to my personal traumas. I'm a triplet and my siblings never wanted to play with me when I was younger and got more attention than me because they would through fits but I learned to be quiet and that the only way to get positive attention would be to be perfect and quiet. I would still get in trouble sometimes for making mistakes and a lot because if any of us got in trouble my dad would punish all of us so I never knew when I would get in trouble for something. My parents would get in arguments if my mom bought us toys and for other reasons that I'm not aware of but I would hear them fighting and would hide and cry by myself. Then they got divorced when I was in the 6th grade and that didn't end until I was in 8th grade. It was a bad divorce and I remember my aunt saying she wanted to strangle my mom to my mom while I was there. I wasn't allowed to tell my dad anything about her house because then we were told we wouldn't get to see our mom again. She also was trying to turn us against him and she understood my depression when I was a child although I never got help until later. She liked me so I believed her about my dad. But she also became an alcoholic and I had to pay for dinner sometimes with my christmas and birthday money and had to drive her home one time about an hour alone when I was 15 because she brought wine with her and passed out. We were there with my stepdad and siblings but we took two cars and I was the one who stepped up. Then I told our stepdad that I wanted her to start drinking less because she always got mad and then passed out on the couch and he told her that and she kicked him out. Then she got worse and My brother and I chose to move out and move in with our dad full time instead of 50/50. This was when I was 16 and she died while I was 17 two weeks before senior year of high school. I think she might have killed herself because no one will tell me how she died and I found out years later that she was bipolar. I had been treated for depression when I was a junior but I wasn't allowed medication because of my dad saying no. Her death didn't really hit me until college and when it did my depression worsened and I became suicidal for the first time. I found help at my colleges counseling center and began to realize a lot was wrong. I thought everything that happened to me was normal because thats how my family looks at it they pretend nothing ever happened and that everything is good. At this point I was 18 and had to drop some classes because I wasn't functioning properly and was going to fail the classes. My dad found out and burst into my room while I was sleeping and yelled at me and questioned me for about a half hour and then he ignored me for about 6 months. My Aunt made me talk to him and he blamed me for everything wrong with me. Around this time I tried to kill myself after he had me clean his girlfriends car and I was crying because I was out of energy because of my depression and then had to clean her car and he saw me crying but left anyway and I had done my research and knew it would take about 12 minutes in the garage with the engine on but I only made it to 7 before chickening out and I cried in my room until passing out. Shortly after I had to change therapists and was barely holding everything together with work and a partial class load and the school racing team I was on. I felt terrible around my family so I was only home for about 4 hours a night which eventually broke me. My dad still was mostly ignoring me and refused to get brakes for my car because "money was tight" even though he said he would pay for a car and maintain it but wouldn't pay for tuition. He was going on trips with his girlfriend though. I had some close calls with the car and knew he didn't care about my safety as much as he did money. Then my sophomore year of college I finally got medication after working through that with my therapist and I discovered that my something wasn't right with my dad and family. I learned that he is probably an undiagnosed narcissist and I set down the road of trying to accept it and the fact that he would never be a real parent to me. Which has been very hard and I still sometimes think it must be something I've done and that I'm not good enough to be liked or loved and that I'm a bad person who doesn't deserve love, kindness or happiness. That I don't deserve to live and that I should just give into the pain inside because I'll never deserve to be happy and that no one will ever really love me but that it's all a trick to manipulate me into doing what they want. I just feel like poison inside and my world has turned upside down and I don't know what to believe anymore and I feel so damaged and broken beyond repair that there's no point because even when I think I deserve better I'll probably never heal enough and I'll feel like this forever. My Aunt also recently told me that no one will be nice to me or like me because I'm too quiet and negative and that they won't until I go back to being the happy kid. Sorry I know it's probably too depressing and not that bad in real life but worse in my head. EDIT: I am still receiving professional help from my therapist every week and a psychiatrist for medication monthly. I am on antidepressants and I do take them.