Terrible Life just won't get betterYeah i'm sure you all seen that title before.  I have been having poor thoughts of late, and I need to talk about something very seriously here.

I been thinking about suicide, but not like how everyone else here is thinking of suicide.  Yes I want to take my own life, cause nothing in this world is working out for me, but I have one thing holding me back from doing it, to the point where I was about to resent it.  I have a son, who is only 3 years old.  The story behind him, simply is I never had a good childhood.  Father left my mother, sister, and me when I was six. Moved to another place far away leaving me with my mother, though I begged him to take me with him.  Mother was an alchoholic with a high blood pressure disorder, depression, and anxiety.  She has many anger management issues that needs to be worked out.   Before that, my parent's abused me, and would beat me on a daily basis.  When dad left, I only got hit more often.  Not even just hit, my parents used the normal items like spoons, and the belt, but times it was just whatever item was close by cause they were drunk. So I got hit by shovels, and candle sticks, dishes thrown at me.

School was never better, I was bullied alot, and it was a small country school, so I had no wheres I could go. The kids would pin me up against the brick walls, and beat me till I unconcious, and throw me off school equipment when they could (I was very small in elementary, but got alot taller in junior high to high school).  When I would tell my teachers about it, all the kids would blame me instead, so majority won, and I would be suspended. Even though I was at times getting sent to the hospital or staying home cause I couldn't get out of bed in the morning.

I tried running away, and even contacted child services to try and help me.  After they talked to my mom, and I begged them to take me away showing them my cut's and bruises.  A court case later (that I couldn't attend), cause they got a hold of my father, and he faught for me in court. It was decided that I should stay with my mom.  That night she came home and beat me, telling me never to contact child services again, and that children shouldn't be using the phone that young.

I had been in therapy, and even developed insomnia, and a ream anxiety disorder, where I havn't had a good dream for as long as I can remember.

I have been to therapy, and a suicide help hospital.  I left there no better, cause I still didn't feel like there was much of a point, but they thought I would be fine.

It was dreadful, but In Highschool, I met some friends who shared similar interets in gaming, and creativity.  I became the leader of the anime club, I also had two girlfriends that at one point I considered if I could see if this would grow to be a potential marriage.  However both ended up moving across the country, I was pretty heartbroken.  I grew up with one goal through all of this. To be a parent then my parents, and to prove I was better then their opinion that I was a mistake (yes my mother told me that my older sister was planned, but I was an accident that happened when they got drunk).  So I took courses for childcare, worked as a babysitter, and loved being with kids.  Making them happy made me very happy.  At one point I was in the Big brother program.

Anyways so I met a girl young, and after being together for 4 years she prompted to me that she wanted to have a baby (we planned to marry but never came around enough money).  At 19.  I said yes of course, cause all I wanted was to have a child since I was child.

So I had my son, and think's looked only to get better.  After giving birth, she stopped coming home after she had recovered.  She got really hard into drugs, and started cheating on me.  It came down to one day I passed out on the couch waiting for her to come home when she went "to the movies with friends".  I woke up that morning to find her in bed with two guy's, our son sleeping in the other room, in his crib.  I knew this day would come, and I never was the type of person to become enraged (honestly it was all beaten out of me I think, I'm pretty weak).  So I woke up, let's call this mother, Sara, I woke up sara, and she instantly panicked. Started to beg me for forgiveness, saying she was drunk and high.  She was on her knee's when I wnt to change my son's morning diaper.  I told her to tell the guys to leave.  She went in and woke them up, and they slumped out of the house (they were pretty wrecked...).

I guess I wasn't showing any emotion really, and that just scared Sara further, cause when I went to make a bottle for my son.  She picked him up, and took him to the bedroom.  I came in with the bottle, and she looked up at me still crying and said "I want to be with him, but after this you will never forgive me, so neither of us can have him."  She started to try and crush him...  I phoned the police,  my son came out fine.

Here things get worse.  The police didn't do anything, they showed up, they helped my son out of course, but when it came to my ex. They didn't arrest her.  No. They told her to pack her things and leave, which she did.  I have hated the justice system ever since.  Of course child services got involved, so I had my sister take my son for a while.  Till I got everything back in order.

So I got a new job, one that paid better, and Daycare.  Life looked great. I got my son back, and we were very happy together. Honestly at this point, I almost gave up on the goal of having a "family" of a mother, father, and child (or children if the idea arises).  However fate yet again, decided otherwise.  I met a girl at work, who had a sister.

I need to talk about this. This girl was perfect.  I can't express how much I loved this woman.  She was kind, she had good morals. She was loyal, her interests were on par with mine. Even was an artist.  So we got to togther, and she also had a son from a previous realationship, but her ex was still in her son's life so he would take the boy each weekend.

Life was very good, we were together for two years (honestly I stopped crying now that I am thinking about this again).  We moved in together, and I was even planning a trip for us to have a tour of the Harry Potter set.  That was where I was going to propose to her.  Actually well I had made the plans, I bought a ring, it's right here next to my keyboard, I look at it to remember.  I had made plans that right after me moved across country (which we were planning to move with her family), we were to go on this trip, and I was going to propose to her there. All of her friends were in on it.

She had gotten two friends recently, Let's call them Drake and Josh. Drake was a womanizer, Josh was a hopeless romantic who desperatly wanted a relationship.  Both had similiar interests to us, but it also became our downfall.  Drake would hit on my girlfriend all the time, to the point where Josh even yelled at him. Me I wasn't bothered cause I trusted my girlfriend, and she never noticed anyways.  However it became a problem, cause when these two started to hang out. My girlfriend would come home later, she would go out with them to the gym, and hang out's leaving me with both kids all the time. We never had time to hang out anymore.  Then while I was at home hanging out with Drake, waiting for my girlfriend and Josh to get off work, and come home to hang out with us to. Drake spoke up and said "Hoenstly I would be more conserned if I were you. She comes home late almost every day with that guy, and you don't even know where she is"  I looked up at him, cause I could tell by his voice he was just trying to push a pin under our relationship's nail and said to him "I would be more careful, cause when she is late, she does tell me. Right now they are getting cat food that I asked for her to pick up."  He shut up right quick, and we sat in silence till they showed up.  I told her later.  Then at work the next day (they all worked together), he tried to talk to her and apologized but she told him off calling him a "home wrecker".  She was very pleased with herself when she told me, and we laughed about it at home.

However a few days later she came home, saying that he went to her begging for forgivness, and so she thought we should give him another try.  Josh said he was unsure but was willing to try.  I grew up with major trust issues, so I was hesitant, but trusted my significant's other's beliefs.

At first he was fine, but as time settled, he went back to his ways. Though this time, no one but me noticed.  She started to not come home at all.

Then a new person started to work with her, let's call him Bob.  Bob was one of the guys from my childhood who bullied me, he did a lot of terrible things to me.  Apparently was a friend of Josh's.  So my signifcant other promised me she wouldn't get close.

Things began to go terribly wrong.  Right after her friends wedding party, we came home.  She broke up with me that night, mere months from me proposing to her, and a month from us moving.  She said she doesn't spend time with her son anymore. Even though it was her deciding not come home.  She said she still wanted to be friends.  So we parted. I moved in with a friend with my son, and she went and got her own apartment.  I have been very heartbroken ever since.  Comtimplated suicide, cause I still don't understand why.  Each time we talk she say's she cares about me, she says that i'm the only one that can help here deal with her anxiety.  I have been over and we layed together (not sexually) for hours.  I talked to her and said I think what we might of did wrong was moved too quickly and we should take it more slow now.  She said she would think about it.

Today she updated her status beign in a relationship with someone else.  I called her. She apologized to me, and I asked her. "I thought we were going to try things again slower" she told me that she doesn't think it would work out.  I asked why, and she said she is having a hard time deciding on what she wants right now and told me she will call me tomarrow. This happened today.

Since the inital break up I had started battling myself with sucide.  I feel like my life won't get better, I feel like I need to go back into therapy. My nightmares got worse, my doctor gave me stronger pills, where I ended up having a nightmare about marrying this girl, and I died during the ceremony.


One thing, that I want to talk about though, that helped me.  After the inital breakup, and when things were at the most stressful.  I made a plan,  a chart.  What I plan to do with my life, of becoming more successful, being a good father for my son, and ensure his happiness. To stop trying to reach a happy realationship for myself, and in 15 years when my son is 18.  After he had a happy life better then mine, and shouldn't worry about dealing with all the same problems as I have, which of course I'll never tell him about.  I will then take my life, and end my pain, cause I don't see my own life getting better, but that doesn't mean I can't make his life the best it can be.  And at this point, isn't that all I ever wanted.

When I made this plan, even today when my ex got into a new relationship, I can think about that plan, and feel more comforted.  Since making the plan I smiled again, went and saw some friends, today I went and worked out, which I havn't done in a long time.

I just need your opinions. Even though this plan in place makes me feel so good, is it actually healthy?  When I think about it, I feel calm, and I have a feeling I am not familiar with, like i'm reassured.

I'm still planing on going to see my psychiatrist again, and get feedback from her on if this plan is healthy or not, but it makes me not want to kill myself right now, when I can live for my son's benefit. Anyways i'll stop here, and possibly get your opinions.