Two weeks ago my wife said she'd never leave me, last week she did.Apologies, I have been drinking, I hope this reads well.
Last Tuesday my wife came home from her new job. 
She sat me down and told me she is no longer in love with me. She still loves me me, but is no longer in love with me and it is the end of our relationship. Our 13 year relationship, our 5 year marriage. 
2 weeks ago I had a nightmare where she left me, I told her and she said she would never leave me.
We have both have mental health problems throughout our relationship (depression, anxiety), but have always been there for each other.
She says she can no longer look after me. I dont want looking after.
Things havent been wonderful of late, but far from awful. 
She says she has been feeling this way for a while, but instead of talking things through with me, she has been going to see a friend and having all the conversations with her, so I havent even had an input in the thoughts, conversations and events leadig to this point.
As I said we have both suffered with mental health problems and as such most of our relationship has been just us, few friends, no family her side (she was abused as a child and so has no contact) and we have kept my family at arms length.
It has just been us two.
She has been all I have had, she is my life, my everything and I dont understand why she doesnt want me anymore. Why she wont even give me a chance to sort the problems we have.

She asked me to give her space so I moved out for 2 weeks, even though she is the one wanting to end it. I have moved away from her and my family. To some they may just be pets, but to me they are family and i miss them dearly, particularly our dog Tilly.

I feel like everything has been ripped from under me.
Two weeks ago things seemed fine, now I feel like I have nothing. All I want is her. If I cant have her I dont want to live.
I have been with my sister since, who is in the mental health care profession. She has been making sure I do nothing stupid these 2 weeks.
I have been trying to keep so strong. I have improved on who I am so much in these 2 weeks, but it has been for her.
If, when I see her to talk things through on Saturday, she says it is over I dont want to live. I
I dont see life without her.
It has been me and her for 13 years though thick and thin and thic and more thick.
She was my first and to now my only. I have no friends. I dont know how to meet people. I dont know how to date. The idea of being with someone else sickens me. I'm distraught and crushed. 
I Still want to be with her whatever it takes. I dont think I will get the chance.
I am seeing a therapist but it's not even close to enough.
I am on Diazepam but its not nearly enough.

Two weeks ago she said she'd never leave me. Last week she did.

Sorry if this doesnt have much order I'm a bit all over the place.

You are good people

Edit: I forgot to mention, she is a wonderful person, she has never done wrong by me. This is all so confusing.
Edit 2: she has also been suicidal over the years and I cant stop worrying and dont see how I ever will