No reason to live anymoreProbably like a lot of people here, I dont plan on killing myself anytime soon, but I'd like to. I dont know, I dont really read posts on here. I just needed to get this out. (Throwaway)

I live in America, I'm 21 years old. I have a giant pile of student debt from 3 different universities, of which I graduated from none. Credit card debt, loan debt, all of it taken out in an effort to get my life back on track. Instead, everything has snowballed in the wrong direction, as I'm sure is a familiar story to many people my age. My parents and family live in a cult and are 0% capable of dealing with the kind of issues I'm having, so I cant turn to my family for help.

I've had extreme depression and anxiety since I was a child (maybe 8 or 9), which went untreated due to said cult. After getting myself out and moving away from the harmful situation, I made the bad choice of getting married at 18:/ I was looking for a way out, and I needed love. That obviously didn't last long, or end well. 

In the past year or so, my anxiety has grown so bad that I cant hold a job, even something as easy as working in a call center or being a grill cook at a fast food restaurant. In all the jobs I've had, I end up crying and breaking down several weeks in, and have to resign. It makes me feel pathetic that i cant uphold even the most basic of responsibilities. 

In my country, I feel like I only exist as a source of potential revenue. Every ad I hear or see, every piece of marketing that passes over my eyes, only makes me more depressed as I realize this country is *begging* for my money, and they'll do anything they can to convince me to produce for them. It depresses the hell out of me. I have felt devalued as a human being by my own country and my own society, simply because I am unable to create revenue. With no family and no community, I feel like I have nobody.

My ADHD and anxiety have combined to the point where all I hear inside my head is a loud, critical voice that cant complete a whole sentence. I cant think critically anymore, I cant tell what my own desires are, I cant listen to my own thoughts. I used to be a very intelligent person and felt like I had a future, now inside my own mind, I feel like a stranger. I feel like some unlucky soul trapped inside a broken body and mind, and I'm in pain. I dont want to be in pain anymore.

Something good finally happened when I got a new girlfriend and felt loved again, and we moved into an apartment with one of her friends. With the three of us, I would barely be able to make rent on the job I (previously) had. That job was too far to travel as I cant drive, so I quit and began working as a private contractor through a 3rd party company, which fired me the next day because one of my grading metrics dipped a bit too low, so they told me. So, I had no job. Then, my girlfriends friend dipped out of the apartment 3 weeks into the lease. It's okay though, her parents are rich and they paid for her to break the lease early, so the extra rent expense falls to...oh, me. 

I've been trying to call to get back into therapy for several months, now, but I'm too afraid to call. I've taken medication in the past, but either the dose was too low or the problems run deeper than medicine can fix completely (most likely). Even if I began therapy again, which i hope i can do soon regardless, I'm afraid that the issues of feeling like a prisoner in my own country, and a slave to the changing political agendas of which I have no control, will not be fixed simply by talking about my problems. I'm a grain of sand being blown around by tides bigger than I can handle, in an ocean that wants nothing more than for me to drown.

So, my life sucks, in a lot of ways. Knowing that so many people have it so much worse, only makes me feel guilty. I really dont think I'll kill myself, though. I love my girlfriend too much and I'm just too much of an optimist, I guess, to believe that my life will always be this bad. But right now, it seems that way, and I really dont want to be alive right now. I suppose the best I can do is wait