Just when I think things will get better, they get worseI usually lurk on here but I’ve never posted before. I feel like I have to get all of my thoughts and feelings out because I’ve been keeping them in for so long and it’s time I tell someone even if it’s strangers on the internet.

The past couple of weeks I was actually happy. I felt better than I had in ages. I didn’t want to think that I could spiral. I wanted to believe that this was for good and I can finally stop feeling empty and worthless.

That is until I had an argument with my mom over $10 (I wish I was joking). She asked if she can have $10. She didn’t even wait for my response before she started digging into my bag to grab my wallet. I called her out politely. She got defensive and left.

Later on, I went to apologize. We hashed it out. We started having what I thought was a mature conversation. Then, me being the moron that I am said,”Isn’t it funny how now that I have a good job, people pretend to care just because of my money?”

Some context: I got my first job a while back and it pays really well. I’ve noticed lately that many people are coming out of the woodwork, pretending to care about me, only to then realize that all they wanted was my money.

My mom became furious. Because of the language barrier we have, she thought that I was saying that I was ungrateful for all of the financial support that she provided me while I was in college and that I was upset that she took $10 (which I kind of was).

I tried to diffuse the situation. The problem with my mom is that she loves to argue and she knows all the right buttons to push. She started saying how I would kill my whole family for a dollar, how I only love myself (even though I’m disgusted at myself to the point where I can’t even look at my own reflection), and that I’m selfish for wanting to donate money to charity instead of giving it all to her. Then I started yelling back, which is the last thing I wanted to do.

Then she said all of her friends’ kids are normal and that my brother and I turned out terribly. I’ve done nothing but try to please my parents and it hurts that I’m considered a problem child. Every single time I accomplish something, they make it sound like it’s nothing. “You graduated with a 3.9 GPA. It should’ve been a 4.0”. “You make $17 an hour. It should be 20.”

My mom loves to bring up in every argument about how I’m invalid (I think this means “disabled”?). I suffer from anxiety and I have ASD and my mom chastises me for it. She will constantly bring up how I’m not like normal girls because I never go out and I don’t talk about boys (maybe that’s because I’m gay).

I’ve been keeping my sexuality a secret from her for 8 years. I’m scared if I tell her, she’ll become violent like she has in the past. She once slapped me because I refused to go to graduation. God knows what she and my dad would do if I came out. It’s because of her and my dad that I have internal homophobia and I get defensive when people assume I’m interested in women.

After all of this, she then threatened to kick me out after I told her that I wasn’t happy and that I wanted her to understand where I was coming from. She has said in the past how she wishes I would shut up and just be invisible and her way of doing that is via threats. She will sometimes threaten to commit suicide just so that we'll pay attention to her and stop calling her out on her BS. She'll grab my dad's diabetic pills and go to the bathroom and pretend to gag loudly just so that I'll come running to the bathroom and try to help her. 

My mom has to make everything about herself. Whenever I tell her how I feel, she spins it and makes herself looks like the victim in order to deflect any blame that I throw at her.

I had a panic attack last month while I was driving and she yelled at me and asked God why he gave her me as a daughter. She makes fun of me for my mental illness but then will go and tell my dad how there's something wrong with me and they need to get me help but nothing ever comes of it. 

My dad did nothing to assuage the situation. She has him wrapped around her finger. He never listens to what I have to say and spends hours playing Facebook games just to ignore his wife and children.

Anyway, a couple of hours later she came into my room and pretended like nothing ever happened. In order to maintain the image of the perfect family, she just ignores that it ever occurred. 

To make matters worse, I found out the very same day that this girl that I've been interested in for months is dating someone else. It’s understandable. The girl she's dating is far more gorgeous, funny, talented, and emotionally stable than I’ll ever be.

I’m not happy at my job because there is less than 5 employees working at my company currently and I feel like I’m drowning in work. It’s just not as fun or fulfilling as it used to be. To make matters worse, my boss has been emotionally abusive lately and goes out of her way to insult every employee at the company. 

Clients are leaving left and right. I'm starting to feel like there's no point in putting in so much effort into my work when a client will just leave after a month. Regardless of the work that I do, my boss will still thinks it's not good enough.

I just wish someone would come and kill me. I’m too much of a coward to do it myself. I wouldn’t have to deal with people that don’t care about me anymore. People that manipulate me and invalidate my feelings.

I wouldn’t have to work at a job that I used to love, but is now just a source of income for me.

I wouldn't have to deal with this pervasive feeling of loneliness that just won't go away no matter how hard I try.

Just when I think things will get better, the universe swoops in and reminds me just how useless and a terrible human being I am. I feel like nobody understands or even wants to take the effort to understand me. I have no friends and a toxic family that cares more about what other people think than they do about me. 

Am I defective? Is that why people stay away from me, and the ones that get close, leave once they realize I’m too much to handle?

You know how they say the good die young? Maybe that’s why I’m still alive because I am godawful person and I can’t change.

I’m sorry for the long post. If you got through all of it, thanks for listening. 