I have attempted in the past. I visualize often.Every morning I wake up and visualize suicide. Not as bad when I had a specific plan but escalating.
. I was with a person for 18 years who throughout the relationship was both verbally and physically abusive. I will make very clear that I did struggle with alcohol use during this time, as a self medicating escape of the reality I lived in. Also I used alcohol to escape the depression.

About 2 years I ago.I suffered a slip and fall accident that left me disabled for life.

I am a computer network architect. I am quite good at what I do. I am paid well for it,

Throughout our relationship my partner either attended school or attempted to hold a job. While she was sucessful at school, she was unable to hold a job and was fired frequently.

At present she has moved in with a gentleman across the street and our son is living there. Frequently I am either threatened with violence and or watched coming and going. Visitors are monitored. I know that sounds paranoid, but it is not. And there lies the big issue. My mental health issues are frequently used as a defence against any and everything I say.

Our son is 16. Throughout his life I was his main caregiver. My partner was involved in multiple affairs and would not been present on weekends or for long extended periods. In fact, when she was home and unemployed, I worked and cooked dinner and shopped for the family until my accident.

About six months ago, when I recognized that she was about to have another affair, I told her not to return. After this I became very depressed and did text her expressing my depression. She took this  to the police and claimed criminal harassment .I was not charged, I was simply phoned by the officer and asked to cease communication.

Now we get to the issue and problem that I have. You see the above paragraph and her actions, that is calling the police and or threatening to has been core to our relationship.

I am six foot two and about 210. She is about 100 pounds or more as she has recently gained weight. This has negated any and all of my pleas for help during and even after our relationship ended.

For example, I underwent a second operation, after becoming disabled, on my ankle. I returned home shortly after. That night an argument over money began. That is, in my disabled state I was not providing enough. I was trying to make my way up the stairs in our house, she pinned my ankle against the stair with one boot and delivered a deliberate kick to my ankle. This caused massive pain and I was vocal.

This caused the police to attend for a disturbance call. She voiced to the officers that I was the issue as I had not been providing enough money. The officer did express disbelief at her statement and pointed out I was incapacitated. This refusal by  the officer to not sympathize with her, did not bode well for me. I expressed to one to the officers that I was being abused and asked for help. He responded that this was a disturbance call and he could do nothing. She was allowed to stay in the house. Later that night a knife was held to my throat for almost 30 minutes while she ranted about the police and how I had embarressed her.  I attended hospital the next day so there are records regarding this.

The knife to the throat and or body was a common occurence. I have told the police this. Also used are keywords. That is words or phrases that are known to inflict mental distress. Often, when used these words will put me into a manic state where I may text a response as I find it hard to verbally communicate my responses.

If you understood that last sentence then, you may understand how  I was first threatened with harrassment. As she understands that I cannot respond verbally personal visits are made. Often these begin with an expression of concern, then almost everytime, the words and or phrases are used.

It is getting worse. 

