Wheres the light?Theres no light at the end of this fucking tunnel for me.
I’ve just about decided I can’t anymore. 

I wanted to vent somewhere, somewhere no one knows me and no one can ever find out who I am. 

So, you want to tag along on my shit storm of a fucked up exaistance? I invite you to treck on this depression treck through shit valley, in what is probably going to be my first and last post on this site.

My thoughts are disorganized, forgive me for that.

My mother is a toxic, drunken, absuive, and controlling human being. She lied her way to get me back to move in with her after the loss of my previous residence. Promising things like college and a car etc. 
I should've never believed her.
I have a plethora of mental and physcial alliments, which most of my family/close friends are aware of. Along with three beautiful bouncing babies.
Between my children and these disabilities my life is already a struggle. Adding my mother into this mix is lethal. Everyone knew it, no one thought to warn me.
I desperstly just wanted to go back home, where I lived before all of this.
I wanted to go back to my boyfriend, I felt safe there. Yeah things were rocky, yeah the kids exsistance split us farther apart but I still loved him. And i loved being there. I still do. I still wanted things to work. The conditions I had set for me to move back to him were hard, but I accomplished most of them.
I desperatly just wanted to be out, my kids deserved better than this. My kids deserved better rather then seeing grandma drunk off her ass cussing and bantering on about everyone before she picked up her keys and stormed down the stairs.
I really did try hun, I really did! 
But my desperation lead to my demise. I was too egar to get out (but to be honest who wouldnt be?) And I pushed everyone away.
Maybe its for the better? If I died at least all my ties were cut?
Everything that was going for me has been ripped away for this or that reason.
And left and right being told to give up my kids. 
That I’m hurting them more by keeping them here.
But my babies...my little babies are my life. They are the reason that I fight..
But the fight is gone. I feel absolutely nothing.
All I do is cry. 
I really have nothing going for me. I’m too depressed to get help, Im in too much pain to move. I aspired to be a wonderful artist but alas the kids take too much out of me, and with being an otherwise single parent...Its hard for me..
I have mo help and I am told..it was my choice to have them..so deal with it.
I dont deserve help.
I dont deserve to get out.

Everyone wants to place the blame on me.
I should have a house, a job, a car, etc, with little to no money and no way to fund these said things.
Maybe it is all my fault? 
Maybe I should've forgo my beliefes and had aboritions? Or given all the kids up at birth?
Would they be happier? Truley?
Would I have been?
Would you?

I just wish you understood that I understand. Instead of saying those awful things about me. 
Im so sorry that in my past it was hard to see love. I do now, or did. Idk. I tried so hard to help you. You say I dont understand how you feel about the kids, but I did. I was willing to compromise but that wasnt good enough. 
It all doesnt matter now
Youre gone, and I fucked up.
The kids dont love me.
I have nothing left to fight for.
I dont have anything.
I dont even have friends.
I could go more into details, I could elebrorate more about things but whats the point?
I have said my peace.
I know my kids will be okay.
I know you will find happiness, somewhere.
Im so sorry I coulnt be strong enough.