And. Here. We. Go... againI work at a warehouse in shipping. I borrowed a box cutter with a fresh blade. Tonight's the night. I'm tired of being a loser. It sounds childish at heart, but it's the reality of my situation. I lose girlfriends to other guys, I lose jobs to better candidates, I lose friends to... well, that one's on me. I simply lose a lot. Not only do I lose, but I don't want to win. I don't want girlfriends, love, friends or jobs. I just want to be alone. I can't explain it, but I want to live in a small apartment with just enough entertainment to get by and just enough money to afford my living expenses. I don't want much. But with an English degree, a poor outlook, and lot of loans, I can't even get that.

I've been stabbing myself here and there for months. Ever since my last girlfriend cheated on me (and married that dude), I've felt that stabbing has been the only relieving alternative to cutting. Stabbing also taught me I can lose a lot more blood. And alcohol numbs the pain. So, here I am at 11pm numbing the pain with alcohol and about to begin the ritual of stabbing my wrist hoping this time it's enough to remove enough blood that I keel over.

I'm not here for your support exactly- I've been through rehab and I've heard a lot of supportive phrases from friends and family. I'm here for your input. It will be supportive in nature, but I'm more or less curious about what you have to say about suicide. I consider it euthanasia - a safe resolve to a (currently) unsolved mental condition. The rest of my family considers it a mortal sin or an act against them. I however do not care. 

What I do care about is the fiscal responsibility I have. I leave a grandiose quantity of unpaid loans upon my mother's shoulders. I know my family will pitch in to help her upon my loss, but it will be a burden nonetheless. And the grief will hurt my family equally so, but grief is a process. So, as long as they endure the process they will move on.

So, what life lessons can you teach me? I have lost a father to meth and subsequently a permanent trip to Southern America. I lost my high school girlfriend (a cliche to be had). My second girlfriend was raped by her father and uncle. My third girlfriend cheated on me several times. I lose money all the time. I earned a useless degree sinking me $60,000 further than the nearest hobo. Can you honestly support me in such a way as to make this better? I work for minimum wage in a warehouse. I cannot make social connections without some level of hate or fear entrenched within. I would love to hear an answer to my puzzle of life - an answer that readily comes to so many - but I'm left with no **genuine** source of truth. Life, to me, is something worth giving away. Prove to me otherwise and maybe I won't try another drunken Friday waiting for Death.

All in all, you should note that I have not been a good man through and through. I've made many mistakes and squandered my childhood and education on whims and passions rather than well-founded studies. I regret most of my life. If I could go back, maybe it'd be worth living. But the path ahead looks treacherous and long. So very long and I am so very tired. Tired like an old man with a hurt back. I ache and pain and I'm only 22. What will I be after five more years of manual labor? What about ten? I'm already aging quickly and the fire in my heart long ago burnt out.