Things are getting worse.A while back I was unemployed, I had a mental breakdown, told people that cared about me to fuck off and was ready to jump off a parking garage. I had planned it for a couple of months but when I was actually at the top I couldn't do it, had a security guard confront me and told me to get lost, I don't think he knew what I was there for.

After that I started to get better, I apologized, confessed to the people I mistreated (they still don't understand fully), wasn't thinking of suicide as often, got my driver's license, worked on finding employment, tried to improve my social skills. 

Eventually got pressured by one of my parents to sign up for a security guard course as you only needed high school along with the training. Last thing I wanted to be but the work is easy and I needed to start helping with the bills. Eventually got hired part time, worked in situations that I never would have thought I would be in, can still barely talk to people without sounding like a retard but apparently that was enough and now I'm full time in a pretty comfortable position

Even with one of the easiest jobs possible I can barely handle it and it's going to get more hectic very soon, I feel like everything is going to fall apart again and I don't want to go through it again. Once I save up enough I'll be able to get a gun license under the guise of trying to get into armed security.

I don't know why but I've been angrier than usual lately, things I could ignore now set me off, I don't have as much patience, I've been treating people that care about me like shit and I hate myself for it but just like with everything else whenever I try to change I just fall back into the same cycles.

Part of it is the stress but at this point it just feels logical, I can't connect with anyone, I can't improve myself and even if I could it probably wouldn't be worth it anyways with how the world is changing. I don't want to die a disgusting balding misanthrope in my 40's, thanks to my life choices even if I chose to live I probably wouldn't make it past that anyways.