Life's a bitch why even tryEveryone is looking to fuck everyone else over. 

I have no girlfriend, no real friends to speak of, I'm in school for a major that doesn't interest me and probably won't help me at all.  I'm in the hole for student debt.  I work a shitty outside job that has been so fucking miserable this past winter.  

I fucking suck when it comes to dating.  I have no idea how to do it, even if a girl is totally into me (which has never happened) I probably couldn't make it all work out.  There's this girl that I think is cute and we share interests but that's it.  Nothing's happened, probably nothing is going to happen.  And now to top it all off she's gone cold on me and I haven't heard from her in like 2 or 3 days even though I've sent her 2 or 3 messages over those days. 

I have a small dick too.  So if anything were to happen, I'd just get laughed at by her the moment I dropped my pants.  That's fucking awesome to look forward to.

The DMV fucking sucks and the stupid bitch that sold me the car is a fucking retard.  It's been 3 months since I bought the car from her and because of title fuck ups and the DMV being unwilling to work with me I have a car that's literally worth it's weight in scrap because I don't have a title and the woman I bought it from is a retard.  I've been fucked around so fucking hard by everyone in this fucking deal. 

I'm about to be kicked off my parent's health insurance policy, that will be fun.  I don't know how I'll pay for dental work or check ups after this point.  Thanks obama

I can't drink worth shit.  It makes me feel like death and I just want to sleep it off.  I can't even drown my fucking sorrow in booze or weed.  

I'm broke as fuck.  I have like 100 bucks in my bank account and maybe 30 bucks in cash.  Rent's due in about a week and utilities and internet soon there after.  I don't know how I'll manage this one.  I've just been bleeding money out the past 3 or 4 months, barely making it by with cash I had somehow managed to save up.  But I'm about at the end of it now.  

Between work, school, and homework I've got no free time.  I don't have any energy anymore.  I don't even really do homework now.  I just come home and go to sleep until I have to wake up ungodly early the next morning and do that shit all over again. 

What's the point of all this?  After school I'll probably end up with some shitty job that I could have gotten out of high school.  I'll still be single as fuck except now I'll be out of college with even less women that I could potentially meet.  I'll be totally on my own without my parent's help on health insurance or anything like that.  All my money will go to bills.  I won't even be able to drink at the end of the day to unwind because my stupid fucking body reacts stupid as fuck to alcohol.  

What's the goddamn point?  There isn't even a ray of hope in my life anywhere. 