Death is the only obtainable peace for meI would like to offer a genuine apology to whoever is reading this and rolling their eyes. It's hard to capture what i'm really feeling so try to keep in mind while you're reading this that things are much worse off than i could ever get across in words.

I never talk about my problems and now that i'm willing to, i fear it's too late. I've missed out on everything being a kid had to offer and now i'm so fucked up in the head that i'm likely going to miss out on everything adulthood has to offer.

I'm 18, i'm a high school dropout with no money to get my GED, my agoraphobia has slowly been building my entire life and it's gotten to the point where i only the leave the house once a month, i have no friends, i'm *truly* alone, for the past 4 years i've been forced to help raise a 4 y.o. that isn't mine, i live in a tiny trailer house with my narcissistic mother and 22 y.o. violent "recovering" meth-head brother, i have a pill addiction, on top of all that i'm transgender and don't have the money to transition. There's a lot more shit i could bring up but i don't feel like it.

I just want to die and i want it to happen now. All my dreams and goals are unreachable, no one will remember me, no one cares. I can't stand another minute of being where i am. I wanted to have friends, i wanted to come home to a safe place where the house was clean and calm, i wanted my drivers license, i wanted a car, i wanted to graduate high school, i wanted to study for my SATs, i wanted to go to college, i wanted to write books, i wanted to be an archeologist or artist or author... i wanted a boring normal happy life but now all i want is to die. All i ever got was hell and i had to watch everyone around me be successfully happy while i was treated as an invisible person. I feel as though i already died 10 years ago.

I know i'm kinda all over the place with writing this and I'm pretty much just taking inventory which doesn't help me a whole lot. I don't even know what i'm going to get out of posting this; maybe a few generic words of encouragement or a link to a suicide prevention hotline... i'm not going to get answers to my problems. Everything will always be this way because no matter how hard i try it just doesn't change.

I have a few methods in mind for getting this done. I've attempted to kill myself about a year ago and it only fucked me up for a few days (without anyone even noticing) so now i know what to do for it to work properly. Most people seem to have an epiphany after a failed suicide and think "life is wonderful i'm glad i failed" but that shit didn't happen for me at all. In fact, i wish I would've done this 3 years ago.