12 and suicidalI'm 12 years old, and I am suicidal. I'm undiagnosed with a mental illness, I havent gotten help yet. I really want to kill myself, and planning on shooting myself with my dads gun next time he isn't home. I know what most people think. I'm just an emo kid that is depressed because "its cool" but no. For my entire life, I have been bullied at school for my weight (underweight and overweight), height, face, hair, voice, and how often I talk. School had made my life hell for 9 years, and I have one friend at my school that often helps with what I am going through. My parents were divorced when I was 4 years old, and was kidnapped by my own mother and taken to a house away from my dad, where I would live for a while before they found me there and gave both parents 50 50 custody. Around then, I was raped by my neighbor, and parents didnt care enough to do anything. Not only that, but my parents are abusive, my dad being addicted to vape, juul, cigarettes, and has over 5 beers every day. He smokes inside, and is physical and ignores me, and I'm not allowed anything there, including food and water. I have snuck out to get food and water, and I hide it in my room. I also had a step mom, who was also an addict and also abusive. I had insane punishments, when my grandfather was in the hospital from pneumonia, I called my dad and I dont remember the whole phone call, but I said yes when he asked if I could hear him, and destroys the entire back yard, and I mean the cables and pipes underneath were uprooted and thrown around. He continued at this for a few hours, and the next day, I had to clean everything and was not let inside for anything until it was done. It took about a week, at night I came inside to eat some food I had stashed away in my room. I eventually ran away to my moms and was sent back by the police. I ended up finishing somehow, and I was grounded for 3 years. Again, like always no food or water, but I had some in my room, and my mom wasnt that bad. She was never there for me, but not abusive, she just neglected me. I was just left be there, which was the only time I wasnt harassed. I eventually told my mom about what was happening at my dads, and she surprisingly cared and filed a law suit against him for full custody from child abuse. He was eventually found not guilty, and my step mom left us. Me and my dad have a life or argument between us, never ending yelling at each other. School was regular bullying for whatever I was being picked on for then. All of this caused a ton of stress, hate, sadness, and anger. So I am severely depressed and suicidal, and plan on suicide soon. 

Any help from people seeing this is much appreciated. Thank you for taking your time to read this.