I just don't even care to try at life anymore.I hate how much effort I've put into life and trying to get into a comfortable position in life like I once was before my parents died when I was a kid with no results. No positive results that is. I tried school, military, and finding a better job for decades with no luck. I have too much wrong with me physically and mentally. I've never felt more trapped than now. Nothing ever works out. I've been sending out resumes for well over 15 years now. I rewrite them every few weeks. I'm sick of it. I'm going to apply for another job. I had my cat put to sleep this morning. I threw away my 9 only possessions. I have nothing but a library card, a state ID they forced me to get when I got out of prison and my clothes I'm wearing. I can't ever be anything but working poor. I can work full time jobs but never make enough money to live on my own. I will never have a home, a girlfriend or anything that could possibly brighten up my day. I have no family left. They are all dead. There is nothing to look forward to but another 47 hour work week and at the end of it just enough money buy just enough food to make it to next Friday. I'm tired of sleeping at the homeless shelter or outside. It's hot outside and there are always bugs crawling on you. There is no reputiable business that is willing to take a chance and hire me. They all pretend like they want to. Let me "tour the facility". Then it's the same old story. They've picked someone else or done away with that position I was applying for or some other made up shit just to get rid of me. There is something wrong with me and I know it. I'm the problem. I can't have anything because of whatever is wrong with me. Due to the lack of feedback I will never be able to fix it. I don't make enough money for any kind of help what so ever. I've tried at that and failed. I missed too many days of high school and made too low of grades to goto college. I couldn't afford it anyway. I don't have good enough credit to get a student loan. I've tried. Nothing works. It's decades of trying and I'm a huge loser. 

It's time to end my life so I don't wake up homeless tomorrow. The only thing worse than living life like this is living life like this for one more day. It's got to end now. 