No one to talk about this!Here I am after weeks of lurking and reading others posts.

I've been able to fight with depression since I remember. Ups and down but doing good in general but everything changed now and feel like trash.

In a relationship for over 10 years, not happy but stable. Wanted to end the relationship multiple times but with the fear of what will happen next I couldn't do it. So I accepted that I was going to stay in that relationship. She wanted to have a baby so I said yes and went to a specialist and after the exams it turned out that I can't (0 sperm count). That hit me hard but I stayed calm as always so I dont show emotions to others.

One day I decided to sent a friend request to the girl I left behind 15 years ago because I decided I wasn't good enough for her. I thought she was married, but no. So we started talking again and we realized that we still love each other. She didn't want to see me because she knew I was with someone else. I know this sounds like a cliche but I wasn't happy.   
At that point I knew ending a long time relationship is not easy, but we dont have too much things together so I thought it would be easy right? 

Well this isn't the case. After my ex found out everything is crazy now. Discussions and a some point she said I will need to deal with the consequences (she taking her life) .  She tends to lie a lot to manipulate me. And fake that she take pills to die. This is why I wasn't able to end the relationship before. 

But guess what for over two weeks she started talking and listen about a baby. I asked several times if she was expecting a baby and she said now. Then all of the sudden after a discussion she said yes and showed me a positive test. I thought this was another of her lies. She never wanted me to go to the doctor appointment's or anything. Because we were fighting a lot I decided to move to my mom house. I told her that I will take care of the baby that we ending our relationship means I cant take care of the baby. But she said no that the baby will not have a father and I will never see the baby.

I started writing emails to myself with things like "I have fear" or "I dont know if she is really expecting a baby" and like a week before I wrote that I dont believe she is expecting and what will happen is that she will tell me she lost the baby and blame me. And that was exactly what happened. 

Now she said that I kill her baby that Im the worst person in the world. I cant say anything because she just think the opposite. She call me mid night telling me Im a killer. 

I didn't have the time to know if everything was real and the pain is now too deep. Im not a bad person and this thing now triggered old ideas of just ending everything.

I want to the psychiatric for help. He said that no one should feel guilt of ending a relationship but they way she talk to me and makes me feel that I killed my baby. Every time I think about this I start crying . 

She said that now she will disappear that it was just easy for me to leave and now she have nothing.  I want to believe that Im not a bad person. I never cheated before on her I always provided everything.

Now I just want everything to end this is why I didnt end this relationship before I knew was going to be hell. She is very unstable and know how to make me feel bad.