My mom doesn't want to be my parent anymore.I live in a single parent household. I'm the only child, homeschooled, and have a job. Recently our landlord offered us a house because the house we're living in now is not the best (rats, ants, etc.) plus it is the house my abusive father used to live in with us. So I was extremely excited to finally be able to escape this hellhole but I later find out that my mother won't have the funds to move for at least another year. So I get really sad/upset, not at her, but at the whole situation. Later that night (the day I found out) she asks me why I want to move so badly, and I explain, but then she gets aggravated with me because she doesn't really understand since we have a pretty stable living situation, but it's just not for me. So I get back from work today and suddenly I'm supposed to be going to live with my grandpa for a week to see how I like it up there, because according to her she "needs to clean the house without someone messing it up as I clean, plus I just need some rest." So at this point I'm just like "ouch, I guess she just really wants a break from even seeing me, even though I'm her only child." And to add to this, she says she's tired of nagging me and trying to get me to do work, chores, etc. like any normal parent would nag their kid about. I'm a regular teenage girl who is just lazy sometimes, but for the most part I get stuff done. So I just took this all as that she just doesn't like being a parent, which is sad for me so I go take a "nap" (crying my eyes out pt. 1). After my nap, she says that I have the option of just living in Ohio without her until I'm an adult (we were supposed to move together) and she would just send me money every week due to me losing a job if I were to move. So again, I take this as, you just don't want to be my parent at all, ever. But I said nothing, and cried my eyes out after she went to work. Seriously considering killing myself, she's all I'd had for the past 14 years and now I may not even have her, idk why this is happening to me but I just need to make a change. It just really hurts that she would even consider that being an option because of how strong I thought our relationship was but now shes trying to push me out of her life, and I'm only 14. I need a mother, not a person to just send me some cash ever week. Hopefully things lighten up, if this is still going on a week from now then I'll just go ahead and die bc nobody seems like they want me here.

TL;DR: My mom is pushing me to live in Ohio with my grandpa until I'm 18, when we were supposed to move together.