I'm like a hurricane that wrecks everything around meHey. So I guess I'm just done, I am in so much pain all the time. 

I have had depression and some other stuf for a while, (6-7 years, I am 19) and I'm going to therapy and have meds. Well I'm only now being moved to "real therapy" hopefully with a psychologist. 

I've tried once seriously, like I ended in the hospital getting my stomach pumped. I was 14. My mom (single parent) was too drunk to get on the ambulance with me. I got home next day. A bit later I was committed for a while for suicidal thoughts and self-harm. Being there was nice, but my mom was so worried about me missing school that I also thought it would be just better to "just thoughen up". Things haven't really gotten better though. I now see my self ending like my mom, alone, in bad health, addicted to alcohol and very few brain cells left.

I am in big trouble at school. I basically can't graduate unless I complete a course before autumm that I actually failed the 3rd time this spring. I'm basically fucked. My therapist has been trying to see if there could be any exemptions made at school, but I don't feel like I'm exception-worthy. All I do is drink, smoke weed, sleep, and watch the occasional self-help video while leaving in a pig's nest. I've tried to be sober, I've tried exercise but I have bad anxiety being around people in general. I try to keep active in my home. I am the classic "nightwalker". 

Well that doesn't sound that bad of a life you may say? It isn't. I know it could be worse. I just don't see myself getting on a track that would stop everything from slowly collapsing. I know I'm in a vulnerable state since I don't have a job and customer service is too fuckin much for me to do ever again. I could be homeless. 

The worst WORST WORST thing of all is being unloved and having no real friends. I've been that way most of my life. My dad took off, and my mom detested me from the day I could talk. Personality-wise we're like night and day. She couldn't wait to kick me off to boarding school at 13 and later totally by 16. She didn't support me while I was getting on my own. I have debt. My dad and I never got close. He sends me money sometimes, that's about it. 

&amp;#x200B;

I was bullied a lot. I don't really have any close friends, and I have these words from my mom printed on my RAM "I'm not your friend. You need to get real friends." while I was 7 or 8. She also around this time brought a 20-year old muslim man from Morocco to live with us. He wanted to be my dad. I wanted to see my real dad. He wanted to change us into a traditional religious family. There we're a lot of fights. I have a scar on my foot from standing near while he broke a plate. He also broke my phone. He was high-maintenance and my mom got into a lot of debt 'cause she only had a cleaners salary. 

When they eventually broke up we had to move into an apartment where I didn't even have my own bedroom or bed.  It took 3 years for us to get seperate beds. I think my mom delayed the process because she wanted someone to sleep with her 'cause she got lonely and sad and started drinking a lot. She got angry at me for the smallest things. Once she said she would cut my head off after I went to bed with a chainsaw 'cause I wouldn't help her at Candy Crush "even though you know video games" I doubt if she even remembers those nights. 

&amp;#x200B;

When I got to be on my own I was looking for something and I found it.  My first love. We were together for 2 years. We still kept touch but I've only reacently managed to be too unstable for even him. We haven't been hanging out a lot and I've been so so so lonely.

I guess that's the short story of my life. IDK what I'm looking for but I'm just so sad all the time and I want it to stop. I've been making plans. The only way I see myself ending up is a sad miserable idiot like my mom 'cause she's the only one I've truly related to.