I'm so tiredI don't really know what to say so I'm just going to vomit everything I've got locked in me on this page, I guess. I'm 18. I'm in university. I've had depression since 5th grade or so. suicidal since a little bit after that. I've never actually attempted anything and don't plan on it. As deluded as I am, I still understand that there are people I would hurt through my death.

Making friends is hard for me. I am very good at making acquaintances. I think I'm pretty witty and entertaining at first glance, but people don't really want to know me past the first layer of shitty jokes and odd behavior. I don't do it because I want to. I do it because if I didn't at least pretend to be happy I would have killed myself a long time ago. The friends I have somehow gotten to stick with me don't know about any of this. To be clear, I'm not trying to blame anyone for anything. I understand why nobody wants to be near me. Fuck, I don't even want to be near me. All of the people that have pitied me enough to even talk to me are the most wonderful people. I honestly don't know why they stick around. They could be anywhere with anyone. They are the sole good thing in my life. I've been spamming every groupchat and snapchat streak with "I'm bored" because that's the closest thing I can bring myself to say to any kind of plea for help. God bless them for putting up with me. I told somebody that I've wanted to die before. they laughed it off because they thought I was joking. I don't blame them. that fits pretty well with my sense of humor: I understand the confusion. I try to contact as many old friends as possible to see how they're doing, and a lot of them are doing really well which makes me really glad for them. they deserve it.

I've never had sex. Not a problem, to be honest. Don't have that much of a drive anyway. But I've never kissed anyone either. hell, I've never even been on a date before. As far as I know, not a single human being has ever thought that I'm desirable enough to get into a relationship with. I didn't go to prom when high school ended. I told people it was because I forgot to buy tickets but it was actually because I couldn't gather the nerve to even ask someone, let alone get rejected. It's not about the status. Not really. I just want to feel wanted. not needed. not craved. just, wanted.

I'm in university. I had to move to a different country since tuition costs were too high in United States where I'm not a citizen. My parents decided to move too, since they couldn't afford to keep living off of a student visa (long story, not worth telling). Now I live with my parents and my younger, developmentally impaired sister in a small two bedroom apartment that didn't even have enough room to hold all the stuff we shipped. it got thrown out.

My parents are disappointed in me. Not because I've never had a girlfriend, or never had normal experiences for people my age. They're disappointed that I'm not exactly like them. Bigoted, angry, black-and-white intellectuals. They don't want me to get a job. They don't want me to move out. Even if they changed their mind, we don't have the money to pay for board at uni. I can't afford a therapist either. Even if we could, that means I'd have to bring it up with my parents which is an absolute no go. my mom would probably have a heart attack just hearing me talk about it. not worth it.

I'm close to failing my classes. I can't even make myself take the quizzes and stuff. I show up at the right time in the morning for my 8 am lecture, then just sleep in the library instead of going because when I'm asleep I don't have to feel sad.

I have no privacy. everything I do needs to be checked and logged. if I'm ever out with friends I'd start getting calls non stop until I say I'm coming home. on top of that, my parents assume I'm an infant. Things I should be able to do for myself get done by them. They did my university applications without my knowledge because they thought I couldn't handle it. they don't let me go on road trips because they think I'll die somehow. they insist on walking in with me to do the simplest things, like opening a credit card or making any sort of purchase. my dad still insists on coming to the doctor with me.

I have never been to a real party. never been invited. I say I don't like them, and I genuinely don't, but I would definitely go if someone ever invited me. I don't really drink and I don't do drugs, so odds are it'll be pretty boring but fuck it, right?

I have a lot of hobbies. it's kind of a necessity when you're lonely. I paint. I boulder. I cook. I'm into fashion. I read. I know three languages. I do some stand up. I write. I camp out. I watch a lot of TV. I like music. I like driving. all of it is just so that I have to spend as little time in my own head as possible. the more time I let it stew what a piece of shit I am the more it hurts at night, when I've got nobody to talk to to distract me. I don't blame anyone. I know that this is all on me. And I can't be upset that nobody has really picked up on any of this, I've become a damn fine actor if I do say so myself. but knowing that doesn't make the hurt go away. I just wish... I don't know what I wish. I really really really want to remember what happiness is like. I wrote a paper about depression in a creative writing class. the few others who had experienced it vouched for its accuracy. a majority of the class seemed ignorant of whether it was correct or not. I want to be like them. I would give up so much to be like them.