Everyone says every individual has a purpose in life. What if mine is to be non-existent?I’m tired. Just like nearly everyone else here. I’m starting this out by saying I’m a 21 year old woman, fairly attractive, middle-class family. I’m in my last year of college. Before anyone tries to tell me “ be grateful for what you have because others would beg to be in your place “ ,  I would fucking love to give my life away to someone who can actually bring it meaning and purpose. 

Mother had tried to commit suicide July of 2018. I know the emotional distress and trauma that electrified throughout my body and mind in those moments. I saw the effect it had on my dad, a man who I’ve never seen cry in all my years of life ,until that moment. My point here is that...yes, I know the effects of something like this happening. 

My dad has worked all his life. He is nearing 60 and he is gone nearly 11-12 hours a day because of his high demanding job. He gets little no no weekends off. I see what it does to him mentally.. he downs nearly a big bottle of vodka each weekend.  I hate seeing him this way. And I hate seeing my mom go through pain with her autoimmune disease, back issues, knee issues, neck issues ,severe depression. The list goes on..and on.. and on with our family.  My ultimate goal in life WAS to get enough money so that way I can help my dad escape the path of despair. To Help my mom with her issues. Provide a financial blanket so they don’t EVER have to worry about money. As ridiculous as it sounds as I’m 21, I see it as “ other people managed to do it, so why can’t I ?”. 

Let me add more information as to of why I would like to take my life. 1. Sex doesn’t feel good at all whatsoever. It feels like literal pressure, in the most uncomfortable way. I’ve had 5 partners. Numerous visits to the doctor , numerous visits to more. Had a surgery. Yet no one knows what the fuck is wrong with me. 
2. I have very slow comprehensiveness and it makes me feel dumb compared to everyone else. I have to repeat something to myself a million times to understand something. It doesn’t sound unbearable, until it effects every little aspect in life. 
3. I have a binge eating disorder. I have multiple triggers : school, stress, the thought of thinking how to better myself. Makes me eat and eat and eat. 
4. It caused me to gain weight. Then I’d lose it. then gain it again. It’s like Jessica Simpson for fucks sake. “ oh just go to the gym and watch your diet “people will say. I eat once a day , sometimes not at all. I don’t enjoy the gym, even though I was an athlete for 14 years of my life. I’ve tried to “ love myself” for so long and I just can’t. 
5. I have literally zero friends. You know what they say about small towns and their stigma. A lot of fake people who only care about themselves and dumb ass drama and people being passed around.  I’m never a negative Nancy in reality, I’m just being true to self on here. I am loyal, fun * At FIRST* ( I get boring after awhile) , up to do new adventures. I’m everything a person could ask for in a friend , yet no one wants me. 
6. All I do is school. I wake up early, school school school until 6 pm sometimes 11 pm. This ends up adding to about 45-65 hours a week. Sometimes more depending on the workload. I know school ends but what am I going to do after? I use it as my excuse to not get a job because I have ZERO direction on what I want to do with my life. End up like my dad and become depressed with a job ? I do nothing else, literally. “ try doing something else then.” I’ve tried. This brings me to point 7

7. I’m not good at ANYTHING.  I’ve been playing COD for nearly 10 years and I’m still bad. You know how it feels to get defeated by squeakers who came from fortnite ? It’s devastating. Seriously though, I play with stocks and I win some and I lose lots. I spend my “ extra” time looking at stocks and following news yet it doesn’t pay off. I’m not good at school because my studying doesn’t reflect my grades. Someone who spends this much time with school should be getting straight A’s but here I am , barely passing, about to lose my scholarship. I use to draw , wasn’t good at that. I sculpted, wasn’t good at that. I did crafts, not good. Not good at cooking , not good at baking. Not good with listening. Not good with memory. Honestly not good at being a helpful daughter. 

8. I learned from my brother about the consequences of fucking up. He had went through the ringer with my parents after he decided not to go through with college or the military. All he did was play video games and work at fast food. I know my parents wanted what was best for him because they know how the real world is ( my brother still hadn’t came to reality about the real world like bills, debt, etc..). Seeing all that had created me the expectation to not fuck up and go the appropriate path. I can’t mess up one time or  the consequences will manifest. Shit, I don’t know what I’d be doing without college. I’d probably already have killed myself. 

I have absolutely NO PURPOSE. I’m not good at anything. I will be missing out on the “ best days of life” in the 20’s. I see depression manifest my family and it only cuts mine deeper. No one is here for me except my parents but they’ll die eventually. I’m going to be alone. I feel alone even though they’re here. Everyone leaves. I have no purpose, no strengths, no sense of direction of what I want to do with my life. Life ultimately comes down to reproduction and the process of it, which is pleasure. And even that isn’t functional. I’m broken inside and out. I’ve been broken for nearly 5 years. I can’t crawl out. I look at my sleeping pills every night and just want to pop them all. I imagine myself driving and getting absolutely trashed by a semi or driving into a lake or yanking my steering wheel at full speed to hit a tree. I Just want it all to end.