Prevented a Suicide, did I do the right thing?Alright so I'm having a lot of mixed emotions right now. To start off though I don't regret talking my close friend out of a pssible suicide. It's just my parents, especially my dad, is mocking me about it and my mom simply says I didn't have the power to stop it. 

Some backstory, me and my parents were never really close and our relationship isn't great even today. They also don't like my best friend and doesn't want me to hang out with him or else they'll kick me out. Now I see him from time to time but we don't hang out no more. Just 2 hours ago after him not talking to me for a week suddenly texts me;

"I wanna relax already man"
"I'm so done"
"Please don't stop me"
"I just want to talk to you man"

Now seeing this I know he isn't the type to think of suicide and since his cousin has committed suicide before he vowed to never drop that low. He's been having a lot of work stress, family stress and just problems lately so this scared me. Just getting off of work and seeing that I rushed to him and was really scared. Seeing him hews crying and made multiple attempts "jokes" at about how it's been a fun life and I just wanted to talk to you before it ends. I talked to him for an hour before he decided to go home. I made sure he headed home but was still shaken up. 

My parents are strict and keep me on a tight schedule so they expect me to be home around 30 min after my shift is done. Obviously I surpassed that and was just shaking that they asked me where I was, I told them the truth and that's when it started them screaming, especially my dad who was saying I didn't care about him and he could die too and I wouldn't care. After a while he switched to calling my buddy  a coward and that he has no balls, he was also saying "go to your friend right now cause he might commit suicide if you're not there" in an extremely mocking manner. My mom was also saying that I don't have the power and that he should just pray and that it wasn't my job to talk to him. 

I told them that one thing in life that I'm against is suicide and if I could save a person from committing suicide that I would do it. They both laughed and said why do I have to do that and that I care  about my buddy mire than them and they just kept on going about God and that I don't have the power and why should I let it affect me. 

So basically I just wanted to vent this out because they don't seem to understand that God won't stop that person from having suicidal thoughts if the person doesn't believe in him and that sometimes all they need is someone to be there and care. Am I wrong to think this, or does my reason seem to shallow or are my parents just being too closed minded? Like I wouldnt change what I did if I can turn time back but they're just bringing Mr down and just my dad's mocking about suicide and how he'll commit suicide so choose if I'll see him or my friend. Like suicide ain't a joke to me hut they don't seem to give a fuck and it baffles me how they can just mock me like that. 

Anyways I guess I ranted on for too long now. Sorry for the wall of text