X-post r/PetLoss I blame myself for the deaths of 4 cats over 4 years and can’t take it anymoreTl;dr at bottom but if any of you could please take the time to read this all, I would appreciate it. I’m teetering on the edge right now and don’t know if I deserve to see this new year.

- Someone reported local strays to the city’s animal control. My guardian fed them against my wishes. I feel a lot of guilt over turning in the more docile of the strays - Shak - in what I admit was a rash decision to try and get animal control off our backs. (I would later go to the shelter to try and adopt him officially but the shelter repeatedly told me he was too sick and I felt pressured to let them put him down, which they did. Shak’s fate contributes significantly to my guilt.)

Animal control demanded to ask if I had any other pets. For reasons I’d rather not disclose, even a small interaction with law enforcement is very dangerous for my family. Afraid of this, I let the officer see our three cats: Merlin (12), Shiro (13) and Puss (12). This event would contribute to the deaths of the other three. 

- Puss was a stray cat we took in when I was just starting high school. He seemed to be around 4-5 at the time. He clearly had herpes, and had a constant upper respiratory infection.

The only vet we could afford to take him to at the time was a local humane society. We’d take him for antibiotics, his upper respiratory would clear up for a few weeks and then it would come back. First we’d take him every time it came back but eventually I 

1. Was too lazy to get up at 7am to wait in line at the humane society 
2. Didn’t want to spend all my money on something that only temporarily seemed to help him
3. Knew that because he had herpes and feline asthma, the treatment was really only useful when the URI developed a secondary infection.

I was a teenager, lazy and irresponsible. I selfishly aggravated his asthma by not taking him every single month for the antibiotics. About 6 years passed in this manner.

Puss would fluctuate between being well and looking ill. About two years before he passed away, when he was around 11 - I suddenly noticed that he had lost a lot of weight. I don’t know why it didn’t occur to me sooner. I guess it was so gradual until one day it hit me.

We took him to the vet and after a lot of thought we agreed to try and fight. We got him on two antibiotics, they gave him fluids and heavy calorie food. For two days he wouldn’t eat until it occurred to a family member to buy some treats he’d been given for years before we stopped buying “unhealthy” food. He ate! Then he ate a pepperoni. Gradually we fattened him up with a combination of kitten food and higher fat cat food. It was wonderful to see him gain nearly 4lbs over the course of a year.

During this time it was clear he needed dental work, but it was a risk. Due to the constant URI an asthma, he had developed scarring in his lungs. Eventually he developed a wheeze which we followed up on with various specialists. Eventually a CT scan revealed his nasal passages had essentially collapsed from the constant blockages. That is to say, I should have gotten every upper respiratory treated because the prolonged damage hurt him. He also needed extensive dental work and had an ear infection. After much deliberation we spent about 8k total on surgery to fix all these issues, knowing the risks. Puss failed to thrive post surgery. I resorted to giving him two month old subcutaneous fluids that had been used once (with a sterile line and needle obviously) when his vet couldn’t squeeze him in and I was desperate to hydrate him. He was already feverish. Despite being on antibiotics at the time, this was clearly a horrible call on my part. I should have hospitalized him then but to be honest we didn’t want to spend any more money for reasons involving the other cats. The vet had already kept puss overnight pro-bono, and the dentist had done the work for free as well and we could not push for any more charity.  A week later he woke up clearly dizzy. I called his vet desperate and they suggested a human OTC med in a small dose.I rushed out and got it, gave it to him. Later that day he went into respiratory arrest. He passed away in my sisters arms. We had called a home euthanasia service but they didn’t make it in time. His last moments were spent struggling to breathe. This death, aside from that of Shak, was so much my fault that I won’t blame any of you for calling me a monster. I feel like one. I should have taken him to be hospitalized again but I didn’t do so. 

- Merlin was un-neutered and not up to date on his rabies. It didn’t seem like a big deal because all my boys were indoor only, but animal control demanded I fix it or they would take all three away.  I rushed Merlin in to get his rabies shot. Shiro was actually getting surgery that same day (more below.) At the time the vet offered some free sub-q fluids in house because he was dehydrated and I agreed. I now wonder if those were contaminated. A month later Merlin was also neutered and got some dental work. However, a few weeks later it was clear something was off. One of his eyes developed a cornea issue and became bloody despite treatment with a specialist. He’d lay down in weird positions, his drinking was going down, his BMs became irregular. We did a ton of testing for several weeks -  lots and lots of bloodwork and al ultrasound. During this time I feared it was dry FIP. I couldn’t tell you why but I was petrified that it was. Of course, FIP is almost always in kittens so my vet brushed it off. The test for FIP was negative. In any case, several tests and medicines later we realized Merlin wasn’t going to get better. We took him home with antibiotics, pain meds and sub-q fluids. One day Merlin went into my bathroom and curled up on the toilet seat. By this point he hadn’t eliminated in two weeks and had stopped eating/drinking. He was trembling. We called the home euthanasia service for the next morning. The next morning he woke and ate for the first time in days. He eliminated three times. But his breathing seemed so labored and he just seemed so cold. We put him down but I have always wondered if the fluids were contaminated or if the stress I put him through triggered the FIP. I couldn’t live without knowing so we did order a necropsy and FIP was confirmed. All his little organs were ravaged. He’d been in pain before the pain meds. More than once I lost my temper at him when he wouldn’t take his medicine or sit still for sub-qs. Merlin was my baby and I failed him. All this was happening immediately before Puss. Merlin passed away October 17th and Puss February 2nd.

- During this time, Shiro was also ill. We adopted him as a stray as well. He had stomatitis for which we had his molars removed. He developed diabetes around age 8. When we worked on treating this, he was diagnosed with a heart murmur and a form of cardiomyopathy. The vets we had at that time were very very greedy. We switched to another vet and got the diabetes under control with diet. He saw a cardiologist every 9 months to keep an eye on his heart. He also had the rest of his teeth removed (it never stopped him from eating) when the stomatitis made his mouth painful. He did great post tooth removal. However, around the same time that Merlin was ill we noticed him drinking a lot of water. 8 days after Merlin passed away - Shiro was diagnosing with chronic kidney disease. We managed it successfully for two years, balancing the dietary needs of both diabetes and kidney disease. We did small amounts of sub-qs, knowing it was a slight risk to his heart. About two months after his last cardiology appointment I thought I saw the same glimmer in his eye that kickstarted Merlin’s FIP diagnosis. Freaked out, I took him to three vets in one week. The eye issue turned out to be aging related. All the vets at the time said he was in good health. The last vet he saw was on a Thursday. Sunday morning he woke up from a nap struggling to breathe. We took him to the ER and they informed us his heart had finally entered congestive heart failure. He was given a diuretic, some pain meds, oxygen and we took him home. He had a wonderful last evening before the home euthanasia came. When they came he hid under the table. Eventually I pulled him out, as the home euthanasia lady had waited politely for a half hour. When she sedated him, I wasn’t prepared for how quickly he became sedated. I feel like I missed his last truly conscious moments. My sister immediately went to him and comforted him but I was distracted signing paperwork. I regret this so much. I pulled him out from the table, I didn’t go to him immediately, I believe that my stressing him out caused the failure of his heart. 

I am constantly contemplating suicide. These were my babies. For years the only reason I didn’t kill my self was because I knew they needed me. Ultimately, their deaths were all my fault and I hate myself. I’ve been in therapy for almost 15 years. I’m medicated. My family is abusive and did not help financially with the pets although they were not cruel when they passed away. I can live with a lot of my life issues but I don’t know what to do anymore. It’s been four years since Merlin and Puss passed away, two since Shiro. I can’t let go. No amount of therapy has helped. I can never make up for what I did or didn’t do. I miss my boys.

The political climate has robbed me of my future. Mental illness has robbed me of the ability to connect normally. Family abuse has stunted my emotional and social development. I have no one but my sister, who is independently wealthy and had detached from my suicidal feelings.  I have no friends. I only lived for those cats. 15 years of therapy and meds, two attempts later and I still can’t shake the urge to end it. 

Tl;dr: I handed over a docile stray to be euthanized because of a fear of law enforcement. I neglected long term treatment of one cat and the surgery to treat the results resulted in a failure to thrive post surgery which I likely aggravated with old sub-q fluids. I worry that rushed and stressful treatment of two cats brought on illness resulting in death, separate incidents. I can’t stand the guilt. I am a monster. Therapy and meds haven’t helped. I don’t want to see the new year. I’m not going exaggerating when I say I have nothing left.