I cn't think clearly20, female, European. Bipolar, currently down in the dumps. It's winter, lack of light, it's normal. I got paranoid a few days ago and thought people were going to assassinate me. It's not uncommon in either extreme. But that feeling. That feeling of wanting to either slice my thighs open or just end it. 

I tell myself *"no, I shouldn't, I don't know what's gonna happen next, it will get better, and this is gonna pass"*, but the more time goes on, the more it feels like a sweet lie I tell myself out of sheer survival instinct (I almost wrote "suicidal instinct", is that a sign I'm truly not well?). I hate where I live and despite having the confirmation I'll have my disability benefits soon and thus will be able to get a council flat where I want to be, I feel so... done with life. 

I can't relate to anyone. I don't like what my peers like. I don't like video games that much. I don't like movies and couldn't care less about actors. I despise smartphones and most of social media (just came back on Reddit but I don't even know if I'll stay, I deleted two past accounts already). I hate Netflix and how it's fucking everywhere. I hate how people can't talk to each other anymore and always have to use that goddamn device just to do a basic human interaction.

I have this person in my mind. My favourite person. We haven't been able to communicate lately because she has a job now and isn't really active on Discord. I love her, but a long-distance relationship would be too much to bear for me, and it'd be too risky for her anyways (if her family finds out, she could get killed). I don't blame her when I see her playing on Steam and not talking to me. It makes me feel jealous, but she deserves her time to herself, especially if she's tired, and it's not like I need anyone to live. Though, I have that fear in the back of my mind that it's another of my delusions, that being loved in return is another thing I can only imagine (even with evidence that it's reciprocal). Oh well. I'm irrational. I don't even know if I want someone to love, or someone's soul to eat anyway. I'm good enough by myself, anyway. This is no question. 

I can't think clearly actually. Right now. Am I actually bordering on the side of schizophrenia? I don't know. My mind wants to take that blade. It wants to jump that bridge. It wants to take all of my lithium pills. Two a day, and at least mania is out. I want to die because I feel like my whole body fails. Yet I get up in the morning. I do it because it's daytime, and there is life to live. I'm used to existing anyway. No one is happy today. Not even me. Do I want to? Do I want to be joyful? It's only a fake feeling, produced by brain hormones.

I feel like pouring gasoline on myself and using my lighter... but people would desperately want to keep me alive, and I'd be so ugly forever; Oh well! I'll just think of it. And not do it. 

If I died right now, that'd be shit. But I'd no more feel that... that odd feeling.