TortureI'm a 19y old male suffering from depression for 4 and a half years now. My biggest fear is torture, both physical and mental. And yet I got that. Like someone knew what I feared the most and said: "Well here you go then". No one sees my problem, no one takes it seriously. I have read so many posts here where I saw people that had far worse problems that I have, and that's why no one listens or cares about my tiny "teenage" problems. Have one friend that I don't trust at all, we see each other twice a month at best, small talk only. Loneliness isn't the worst. Fear. Fear is the worst thing that exists in this life. My stupid fear of girls. I like this one girl and have sooooo much fear that I scream when I'm alone and thinking about that. I am disgusted by myself. Stupid introvert, playing games 24/7, no social life or life goals(if you don't count suicide here). I don't have money, average ****, stretch marks, am a smoker, was drinking like a lunatic the past year, done drugs also.

A week ago I put a knife to my throat, and that feeling can't be described... I was shaking. Pushed it what I thought was the hardest I could but what I only did is cut the left side... Then I cut my whole left hand by slamming it into the window and broke it too. Don't know what to choose for a career, everything seems like a disaster. I have no problem accepting that I'm a joke of a person, ok I lose, just get it over with. Why does life torture me?? Why do I feel for this for this girl so much? Can't sleep, scream, cut myself.. I wish I had a gun.. I would trade everything for it.. My body just won't quit. The mind wants to quit, and I want to make the mind win. I'm sick of this, even if I beat this I'm still gonna be just gonna be some average guy with failed dreams. I'm a monster, a freak that wants to be someone great, yet I can't get out of bed every morning.

I went to a shrink, was in a ward for 3 months, and guess what I got out of it? It got worse. 0 help, just the same words juggling around from mouth to mouth. Self-destruction is a curse I swear. That's what makes my depression unbeatable, cause I just want to die. I know I'm sick, a guy that just wishes for things but doesn't do anything about it. I have 0 motivation, don't want to confront my fears and wish for impossible things. Then kill me, just be over with it, I admit that life has beaten me, no problem, but why do I have to suffer so much? I go to bed crying for a clean and swift death. That's the only thing I have left. The girl that I want won't come if I don't break my fear and push my limits, money doesn't fall from the sky, I can't be a Hollywood star, can't get abs without working out like crazy, can't beat Suicide cause I have to put everything in it. It's all on me, no one can make it better, yet I'm self-destructive. Don't know what to do. This is my cry for help, those wishes are all I want, yet I am forced to look how they get away. I'm a pathetic person just wasting other people's time.

And the worst at the end, when I hear the following: **You have time, you are still young, things will get better, you'll find a girlfriend eventually, make your dreams come true, this will pass and you'll love life again** I want to kill those people who said this, it's drives me so mad when I see how ignorant people are. No one cares about anything until it becomes a massive problem and then wonder what is going on. A girl that I met when I was going to high-school killed herself 4 months ago. Does it get better? Huh? Obviously it does, doesn't it. I hope that happens to me too. Other people have these problems, I just can't deal with them. I know they are tiny, but even a thorn can kill you if it hits you on the perfect spot. That's why no one listens to me, cause I have "common teenage problems" , they shove it under "it's those years" , no one cares about me. Everyone ignores me. But that girl died 4 months ago, she was a teenager also.

A guy that lives across my building hanged himself 3 years ago cause a girl left him. Tiny problems? Basic, everyday stuff that happens to everyone? He died cause of that.. and people still ignore that. There is only help for very serious problems, the small ones pass by. Only things I heard was that it passes, that it isn't that bad, everyone suffers a loss. He died cause of that loss. I wish I do too, and after many deaths maybe someone out there will say that love is really dangerous. That wishes can kill you. That depression isn't a myth. I hope my death contributes to that, and maybe one day those who are broken will be brought up.

If anyone even read this I'll be amazed. Sorry for wasting your time, I know I'm a pathetic idiot. 
