What's the purpose of life?So today I woke up in my little room in my six share flat. Today is the day I should be cramming for my first uni exam tomorrow on chemistry. I haven't felt the motivation to study for this exam at all, I have no feelings of anxiety, no butterflies, nothing and I'm still questioning why. I think I have the ability, the potential, everything I need pass and do well, but I just don't have the why. Now is the crossroad for the rest of my life, what do I do with it? Then I have to ask myself, what's the point in it, what's my purpose? I always believed that one must give them self a purpose, I thought mine was to advance the human race with bionics. It was a noble cause I could be proud of, but I was so naive as it is so hard to achieve and none of the subjects I enjoy, I just feel I must do it, but do I really have to? See I had moved out of home about 4 months ago, I have a shitty job but I manage to make enough to put food on my plate and pay the rent, that's all anyone can ask for. But now I just feel like I'm another wheel in the cog. What is the point of living? Do we live to work or work to live? What is there to even live for?
I thought having independence would be the best thing that could happen to me, and I think it was for a while. But now, in a building of thousands of people, in a university with thousands more, it feels lonelier than ever. Here I have nobody apart from the people in my flat. My family are a 3 hour flight away, but even they are no help. Coupled with the idea that the only reason I'm in uni is so I can have a better paying job it just feels like I was destined to work. I want to feel love, true happiness, that warm fuzzy feeling people keep talking about but no matter what the bigger picture always comes back and asks what I'm doing with this life and how I can be useful. I don't understand, what keeps people ticking? Is it actually sheer hope? Or is it the same instinct to live that exists in any other animal? It just feels like there's no tangible substance in life. A heartbeat is all I've got that separates me from my computer.
I'm fresh out of high-school, if I take a gap year I'd just be disappointing and proving my dad right, that moving away and straight into university was a bad idea and I'm all about sticking it to the man. Here I am procrastinating more and more. I may as well live to work at this point, but if that's the only reason to live then I might as well die.
I realise that what I've written is super muddled so kudos to anyone that understands it, I know I don't. I feel so disconnected, I just want to feel something to remind me why I'm alive, and why I'm doing any of this at all.
Thanks for reading.