Life is worth it......Things get better.  

These are phrases I see and hear people say to those of us grasping onto the proverbial ledge every day, however what do you mean by this? That the consistent thoughts of suicide will eventually be drowned out by a piercing gunshot? Or what? 

What gets better? Why is this life worth living?

I live in the western world. A system shrouded with darkness. It sounds cliché, but it's true. We're nothing but collateral in a global banking cabal. Creating slaves one diploma at a time. 

Ants on a cosmic scale. 

We're all one, yet the players in the positions of power wish to divide us. We're easier to control when we're forced to fight eachother. And that's something we really know how to do. It's always THEM or THOSE PEOPLE, it's never you.

I was raised thinking that I could do whatever I wanted in life. Really make a difference in the world. 

Like many millennials, I was raised with a good work ethic. Thinking that hard work would pay off eventually. It doesn't. Want to get somewhere in a capitalist society? Fuck someone over. Push as many people out of your way and under the bus as you can. Build your pile of life-sucked humans, and climb them to your position as a mortgage specialist.

I've 'wasted' two years being depressed and contemplating suicide. By contemplating I mean waking up with the thought, and pondering it while falling asleep. Wake up &gt; go to work &gt; go home &gt; self medicate to make the thoughts go away &gt; sleep/ repeat.  I have friends. I have great friends who say they care, but I don't want to bother them with my emotional baggage. Friends who, as whiney and bitchy as it sounds, had a better upbringing than me. I was raised on the borderline of poverty, and still live on that line. Yet, my friends refuse to see the darkness I live in, because the system is working for them. 

I feel as if I can push blame onto the government, or my parents, or my friends, but truly I only have myself to blame. I can fix all my problems, I guess I'm lazy. I guess Ive given up. I guess that I've been drilled by the media that I should be happy with my minimum wage job. I guess I should be happy about that 40 hours a week I get to work in a warehouse making someone else rich, whereas I can hardly afford to pay rent. 

Why should I fix myself to live in a broken world that no one seems to slightly care about? 

I spend all my time trying to stay alive, Im exhausted. 

And it's all my fault.

EDIT: Wahh, poor me 