I have no will to liveI’m a mom of 4, mid divorce. My ex destroyed me. He spent 10 years sharing and posting my nudes (I had no idea) and talking to strangers about having them have sex with me and get me pregnant while he watched. He gave them info about me, shared my name and face. He also was on every dating and affair site, told women how shitty I was and how beautiful they were. When I found out I was a part time dance teacher and had just moved across the country from my family and friends. I had no career in place, no money, no place to go. I wanted to matter to someone, so I went along for a while, acted like it was cool. Finally when he started threatening me, I left. No one heard what he did to me, they heard that I slept around while married and I was instantly labeled morally fucked up. He told everyone I cheated, I left him, I kept the kids from him. Really, I continued bringing the kids to him while living in a hotel, them scared to death because he kept threatening me and acting violently. I had to. I was told I would lose them if I didn’t. But the custody reports still say I turned the kids against him and I’m morally corrupt.

I met someone. I fell in love with him. He’s married, but was trying the poly thing for his wife. His wife uses him. She travels the world to have her fun with various fwb and shops more than I’ve ever seen anyone shop in my life on his income, no job, no kids in the house. She orders him around and gave him zero affection. He treats me better than anyone else ever has, but he still hangs onto her in ways. They are separated now, but still live together, he doesn’t want to talk to a lawyer. They are still Facebook friends, still in text groups, still traveled together for Christmas and Thanksgiving while I was alone (my kids with their dad of course) though he says it was the last time and they didn’t even talk (it was for their adult kids). We’ve been together two years now, he’s been separated a few months officially, and he still won’t post pictures of us to Facebook. He said it was for his kids comfort, but his wife is always posting one of her many partners. I have to stay invisible.

I dont know what I’m doing in life. I can’t move in with family, can’t afford to live on my own as a dance teacher and any other job I’ve gotten costs more in child care than what I make. My family is paying my rent as I would otherwise be homeless. I’m trying to get a masters degree, in the process of applying. Still, that would be a couple years before I can  support myself and kids. 

My ex keeps acting intimidating, turning everything against me and  contacting professionals and telling them I’m taking the kids from him, etc. He makes a ton of money so he has the resources to have a bunch of professionals on his side and there is no justice in divorce. None. I have all the evidence that he even contacted someone who wanted to sexually enslave our underage daughter and literally no one has cared, not lawyers, not psychologists, not police, sheriff, women’s shelter, advocacy groups, no one. So my kids have to spend half their time with him and I have to stay here bordering on homeless fighting something that I don’t have the resources to fight while trying to work and go to school.

I’m exhausted. I feel like I’m hated by everyone. I’m judged by everyone. Everything I touch falls apart. I can’t keep fighting this. I want to be treated like I matter, but it just doesn’t happen. I don’t know how to go on.