Why do I try?I hate my life. I wish I had the fucking balls to kill myself, but I'm too worried about how some girl, who probably would actually be happy if I died right now, and how she would feel if I did. No matter what I do, I always manage to fuck up, every time. Every fucking time. I gave you everything, tried my hardest to make you happy, and you leave without warning, now you're mad at me because, surprise surprise, I fucked up again. I don't know why I promised you that I would never let you get hurt again, I though it was something I'd be able to do, but you left and now I can't do shit. He's going to hurt you, and I know it, everyone else says so too, and I have to sit here and watch. In the same amount of time we were together, you've gotten in at least three fights that you've told me about, probably more that you haven't. How many fights did we have while together? Oh yeah, that's right, not a single fucking one. We've had two fights now since then, and both are because of that fucking asshole. I gave you everything and this is how you pay me back? Why do I try? Why do I still care so much about you? Because in 5 years of me being depressed, and 3 years of being suicidal, you were the only thing that ever made me feel better, the only thing that ever made me feel like I wasn't a total failure, the only thing that in 5 years, has made me legitimately happy. The only thing keeping me alive, is the fact that I promised you that I would never hurt you, and never let you get hurt again, and if I can't stop it from happening, I'm at least going to try my best to help when he does. At that point, if I fuck up, I'm ending it. There doesn't seem to be much of a point after that. I can barely make it through the day now, and if I fuck up at that point, I'm not going to be able to. And seeing how my life has been going, I'm pretty sure that I'm going to fuck it up anyway. To whoever reads this, sorry for making you put up with my bitching, and I'd be happy to help if anyone else out there wants to talk.