I have a longing to kill myself, or, what's the point?I'm home for a semester dealing with my meds and I don't have a job, just to give you some context into my monotonous existence.

I have a great mother and father who love me dearly, and I have some friends coming to town in about a week or so and another good friend visiting shortly after that, so I do have something here to look forward to. But they'll be gone eventually.

I have plenty of people who care about me, but I just see no point to existence. Currently, I'm stuck in the nest with my folks. My extremely loving folks are wonderful and they tell me daily that I have so much to live for.

But I still want to die. I get to see my shrink this Thursday, and I still want to die. I guess my main problem is that I'm so bored right now that I want to kill myself. But even when next semester rolls around, I don't really see the point in anything either. I want to be a rock star physicist, but I know at most I'll just be a mediocre researcher. I have big dreams, but I know they won't get me anywhere because I lack the discipline and willpower to carry through on any of my ambitions.

I used to use video games and drugs to escape from reality. But recently, I haven't found enjoyment from video games. This will sound silly, but I really wish I could take some drug that'd make me hopelessly addicted to a video game. And I've been staying off the drugs since I had a psychotic experience which culminated in me dropping out of school last semester.

I'm 21 and I've never kissed a girl. I suppose I could use a girlfriend, but I'd be more of a parasite on the relationship than anything. I've only had one girl in my life that came close to being my girlfriend. The most we did was hold hands and hug and watch a movie. Sometimes I cry about being a virgin at my age when all my friends have had various escapades with women.

I'm not entirely sure why I'm writing this. I guess it is just so I can get some internet hugs, feedback, and get some things off my chest while I wait to see my doc.

I guess there are some things I want to do in my life, like get a graduate degree in physics and have a family, but what is the point? These things will just make little chemicals like serotonin and dopamine happy in my meager head. Is that enough to live for? Eventually I'll grow out of my parent's nest and will have to make my own somewhere with someone.

I don't believe in God but I feel like I need God to exist. I would then have a purpose in fulfilling God's will. Wouldn't it be great if God existed and all we had to do was follow his word and go to heaven? But there's too much evil in the world, and free will is an illusion. We're prisoners to our body chemistry, biochemical processes, and genetics. I don't see why, for example, God would create a murderer and send his own creation to hell.

I feel like one of my only contributions to mankind has been my [completely crappy poetry](http://rw088490.blogspot.com/). I've written so much, but it'll never be as beautiful as anything Robert Frost, Emily Dickinson, or W.B. Yeats has written. Nor will it be as beautiful as anything Chopin or Mussorgsky has composed.

If I had money, all I'd do is spend it on alcohol. I feel like that's one of the few things I have left in which to waste my time with. If I wasn't living in my parents house currently, I'd probably be an alcoholic to escape from the world. There's so much the world has to offer, but it just doesn't seem to interest me anymore.

I suppose I'm looking forward to some video games like Diablo 3 and Skyrim, but those are just there to further help me escape from reality, which alcohol and pot have helped me do in the past. I just want to escape. I'd read more, but I don't have any good books or know of any to read. I've been trying to work through The Lord of the Rings, but I've read them previously and seen the movies, so it's boring to re-read them.

Still, I suppose the ultimate escape from reality is suicide. I don't imagine I can kill myself. I won't. But I have this yearning to. I know I'll be alive a long time, and experience a lot, and consume even more as far as games, books, and movies go. But I still ask myself, what's the point? We spend our time on these things, and then we die and are forgotten, unless you become famous. And I highly doubt I will become famous. All I will have are these indelible marks on the internet under my moniker instago and again, my mediocre poetry for my friends and family to remember me by. I guess it'd be awesome to one day do something great and have a wikipedia page on me, but that's far-fetched.

I don't know, friends, I guess I'm just another nihilist and hedonist who thinks about suicide every now and again. I have plenty to live for, but I feel like I'll just fall back into drugs and alcohol when I'm back in school because video games just aren't doing it for me anymore.

I realize I am blessed to have what I do have. There are many posters here that have it much worse than I do. And my heart goes out to them.

We're just [specks](http://rw088490.blogspot.com/2011/09/speck.html) on a big speck revolving around a larger speck, and nothing in our lives really does matter except to other specks. In the end, we die and there's nothing left except a page on wikipedia if you're especially lucky.

I feel like I'm trapped inside this body. I don't know if I believe in souls, but after watching some paranormal reality TV like TAPS and Ghost Adventures, I wonder if there really are spirits and apparitions. I suppose that's cool. And maybe some of the UFOs that have visited us have actually been extraterrestrial intelligences. Also cool. But, I've covered this before, there is no point. We just go on consuming media to pass the time, work so we can consume more, and die. There really is no point unless you find yourself needing something like I have: mainly, a new nest since I'll grow out of my parents'. But I'm fat and not so good looking, and shallow, so the chances of me finding a beautiful cutie to spend the rest of my life with is very slim.

I guess I'll stop here and summarize. I have plenty of support, I have some things I want to do and things I'm looking forward to, but I still find myself wanting to cease to exist, and I still find myself asking "what's the point?"