My life is totally fucking fucked, I just can't take this shit anymore.Games. Games on my PC are the only fucking thing that kept me alive for the past year and 3 months. Right now I'm 15, parents divorced, living with my mother (she's a bitch, always screams at me and blames me for everything, also I wanted to choose to stay with dad after they divorced, but the bitch didn't let me), I have a crackhead brother (vapes, drinks and smokes pot every single day while also playing games with me, he's 17 but his situation is barely better than mine). I also have an 8 year old sister, who's literally a miniature version of my fucking mother.

I have a couple friends, of whom only one I find to be good enough to talk about this. He helps me quite a lot, but it's very hard for him to help me because his life overall is just so much fucking better. I'm depressed since around 2013, then I started asking myself "What the fuck is point of this?" for anything I saw/did. My grades are mediocre, yet I'm absolutely failing maths (will be forced to go to school during summer), physics (barely pass) and chemistry (barely pass). I don't really see my future as it's all dark from the dirt that's on my rotting corpse below the ground. I've had dreams to become a pilot/programmer, but I don't and won't have the money for proper education.

I've tried suicide twice, first time was when I was 10. I had taken my dog (Golden Retriever, I loved him) out for a walk (we lived near a forest) in the forest, when he (his name was Marlie) saw something and just started running, pulling the lead out of my hand. I tried catching him, but it was a useless effort. A couple weeks later, he came back - he had caught several diseases and broken his front-right leg, and died in front of my eyes 1 day after returning home. I felt so fucking bad and blamed myself for it, that the same night I took a knife and started cutting my right arm like 7cm above the wrist when my dad noticed and stopped me. He told me that I was too young to play with knives. To this day I have a scar there, looking like a falling comet.

The second time I was 14. My parents had just divorced, and my mother had became and absolute fuckhead to me because I wanted to chose dad, not her. By this time, I started realising I can't hear that well anymore. I went to check, and voila - 23% left and 18% right ear deafness. That is because the bitch would always put all the chores on me, and when I'd usually come back home after school feeling shitty as fuck, I'd play some games for an hour or two, and then the bitch would come back. She'd find unfinished chores, and start shouting and screaming at me, and that would happen multiple times every day. Also, it just so happens that when I'm sitting on my chair playing games, the entrance to my room is on the left, so my left ear got the worse end for my fucking mothers screams. At that point I had already started failing heavily compared to my past years, I stopped all of my post-school activities as I couldn't find any purpose in them besides being money sinks, and my class fell apart as many people went to other schools and I was left only with 3 friends, 1 of whom I could fully trust. I came to a conclusion that I won't achieve anything in life and that I just want to fucking end this bullshit-of-a-life, so I just went to a nearby bridge at night during winter, and the water below was frozen solid into a very thick layer of ice. The combination of height and falling head-down into rock-hard ice would've probably killed me, but as I stood up on the rail and was about to jump, I got a fucking notification in my phone. It was my friend. He texted the following - 

Hey bro, I won 2 fucking copies of Destiny. Where you at, we've got a galaxy to guard?

This fucking message made me smile, climb down, sit down and lean against the rail. I sat there for a couple fucking minutes, just listening to my heart pounding heavily due to all the courage I had built up so I could jump down. "Matt (that's his name, he doesn't have reddit so it's all good), you're a fucking life-saver" I told to myself out loud while smiling. I got up, texted him back, and had a blast-of-a-week playing Destiny with him and a couple other folks we picked up in random lobbies.

Now, we're at the current days. Life is at a breakpoint again, yet what it seems like, it's never been before. Matt's moving out to another country because his parents fear the invasion of Russia (fucking communists .-.), and so I will be alone after this summer. I was thinking of just enjoying my life to the fullest, having the best time I possibly could, and then just suiciding after summer. I just can't see a point to live anymore, I don't want to be another fucking drone of the government's money machine, working 9-to-5 so I would be making money for some already-rich motherfucker in his goddamned Ferrari and 5 villas.

Really, maybe this should be in /r/offmychest , but I felt it belongs here rather than there.