Not really contemplating suicide at the moment, but my deepest darkest memory makes me want to...So, back in my freshman year of high school, there was this one kid and his friend who tried to bully everyone they possibly could. And these were kids that almost EVERYBODY hated (students mainly, but probably teachers too). But the memory I'm referring to occurred on valentine's day. 

I wanted to ask out the prettiest girl in my class to our annual valentine's dance (She was actually pretty reserved and kept to herself, but was extremely nice, which is why I liked her so much). So I muster the courage and ask her, but she kindly declines (She was going with her bf from another school). I was a little upset, but eventually got over it. But the bullies just wouldn't let it go.

Day-after-day I received insults from them since they saw me get rejected, but I ignored them. But one day, something inside me snapped. Because the main bully said insulting remarks about my sister who's disabled and the various sexual acts he'd perform on her. Now, I was in no way an athlete (Roughly 170 lbs). But the way I fought him made it seem otherwise.

I charged him and pushed him into a locker, where he hit his head first. He then fell with me on top of him. I then unleashed a barrage of hits all across his face. And not just quick little jabs, full-forced punches using all the strength I could muster. The second bully, meanwhile, ran to go tell teachers. I kept up this attack for what felt like forever. I even shoved one of my teachers onto the ground who tried to pull me off of him, before school security eventually got to me. I even fought like a wild animal to try and break free to keep hitting him. After all this, he landed in the hospital with a concussion and an unrecognizable face.

Just remembering his horrible, disfigured appearance after what I did is enough to make me shutter...

Oh, and by the way, I didn't even leave my room for almost two days...for anything. Nothing to eat, drink, whatever. I just sat there in silence, staring at my wall. And seeing my dad's face when he came to pick me up from school that same day...it was a look of both disappointment and disbelief. He also didn't even say anything to me.