Have you ever done something dangerous to be killed by "accident"?I'm the average 22M engineering student who has never kissed a girl and has been dealing with depression for more than 7 years. My interactions with women usually end up with me being ghosted after I had helped them with their homework or when the academic semester is over. I don't really hate them (I'm not an incel), I'm just jealous because they seem to have amazing lifes and perfect social abilities, something that I will never have. I also have no real friends or even a job, and getting a job as an engineer here is a pain in the neck, specially if you are an awkward with no connections.  

Anyway, a few weeks ago I was so tired of this constant feeling of loneliness and despair, that I deliberately chose to go to the most dangerous zone of the city wearing expensive shoes and dressed like the average rich guy. I live in Bogota (Colombia) so the criminals here are not a joke. Many have been killed, kidnapped or plainly disappeared by the drug lords in those streets, which are full of crack addicts and homeless people. I walked there for 20 minutes (may be more), trying to evade the human feces over the floor (although I couldn't avoid its smell). I also was looking at the abandoned buildings and the people laying over small mountains of trash, as well as some addicts buying rests of food collected from some restaurants in the neighborhood. I must say that, during those minutes, I had the opportunity to left the area, but I just didn't want. 

As you can imagine, for some stupid reason, nothing happened to me. I'm just at home, writing this after being ghosted by a girl I met a month ago and feeling like the most incompetent person in the country, because I had to spend 13 hours in the university completely alone while it seemed that all the other students were having a good time with their friends (or their partners). This whole experience didn't change my life, I'm the same shy depressed guy I used to be, but I would like to know if somebody has done something similar. 

Sorry for the grammar mistakes, I'm not a native English speaker