Did I pull the trigger?So, I tried to kill myself. I don't remember many of the details, but the things I do remember haunt me.

I have suffered with depression and anxiety for around 15 years. I have always told myself that people who ask for help are weak and unable to deal with their own problems. I'm not so sure anymore.

I'm going to leave my life up until the point of the incident as a mystery. If I were to try to explain my misery, it would take too long and perhaps some would say it was an overreaction.We can just say it wasn't exactly the happiest of times, I did not have good relationships with my family, especially my Father.

The day I tried to kill myself was just like any other. It wasn't a bad day, it wasn't a good day, it was just average. I went to work, came home and had a few drinks, as one who struggles with depression may tend to do. 

My dad came to my house and an argument broke out between us, as it has so many times in the past. Among the many horrible insults he slung at me while I was trying to walk away and disengage, was that I was worthless and stupid, which he had drilled into me since I was a little girl. The insults kept coming, until I was able to take no more.

He eventually left me alone. Afterwards I was so completely broken, the only thing I felt was panic and hopelessness-an absolute uncertainty as to what to do next to end the thoughts and torments running through my mind.

I grabbed the glock 45 I had received as a Christmas present from my Father only a year before. I snuck off to the basement so my husband wouldn't notice anything was amiss.

I can recall struggling to remove the lock from the gun and put in the loaded clip, as I had had quite a bit to drink. The next thing I remember is holding the loaded gun to my temple and then time skipped. I was throwing up profusely and could not stop. My husband found me, laying next to a puddle of my own vomit with a loaded gun in my hand.

I'm going to skip the details of what happened after this. I only know that about 2 months later, I took a look at the glock and saw that a bullet was jammed in the chamber. Did I actually pull the trigger? Am I only here today because the gun jammed? I cannot answer these questions, but they haunt me.