Am I suicidal? I dont know what i really live for, what am i looking forward to in life?Hi,
at first i wasn't sure if I should post here, considering that after reading posts in this sub, other peoples problems seem so much worse than mine, but my emotional condition has gotten worse and worse across the last few weeks. Let me just start up with some information about me and my life...
I'm 18 years old, and im currently in the last year of school in germany, probably the equivalent to high school in America? I dont know. I have a wealthy family, never experienced money problems or such things my entire life, i love my parents, my parents love me, i have awesome people around me that i go partying with every weekend, and schools been going "quite" well for me, nothing special, but I probably have quite a bright future ahead of me, if i wasnt so depressed all the time. And this is the part where people will probably be like " look at this guy, compared to my problems, hes living an amazing life" and i know there are way better reasons for suicidal thoughts, but i feel like there is nothing in life i really live for. I never had a girlfriend or even kissed a girl yet in my entire life, and watching all my friends getting their first GF's and falling in love, just makes me feel like im wasting my entire youth. Until i was 17 years old i had like 2 friends that i would rarely meet (except for in school) , spending my life with computer games and basketball, and i actually liked my life. But since i turned 18, i started thinking about what im doing with my childhood/youth, watching all the people around me having their first time/first GF, so i feel like i have wasted 17 years of my life. I'm not really big/fat, and without sounding like a dick i feel like i'm decent-looking, yet i hate my body because it' s just naturally big - not the overweight-"big", it just doesnt really fit in todays society with all their skinny jeans and thin legs. I dont know why this is making me so crazy, but i feel like i have to have a perfect body in order to get a girlfriend, which is nonsense, i know, but i cant get it out of my head. Lately i've been enjoying spending time with  a girl that asked me out for a date about a year ago (because i never had the confidence to do such things) and my biggest dream is getting together with her, but I'm just so incredibly scared of her not wanting a relationship (although she was the one that asked if i wanted to spend time with her) that i can't get myself to ask her out for another date, mainly because i hate my body so much and im afraid of her thinking I'm too big. Now i pretty much just sit here, thinking about what i live for. Schools been getting incredibly stressful, and if i'm able to finish it, i dont know how to continue my life. I dont know what things to look forward to. Look forward to another 6 years of studying at a university in order to get a job after 25 years? Look forward to another day of being depressed because i dont have a girlfriend? I actually thought about killing myself because of the lack of things in my life that make me happy. I know i couldnt do it because i love the people around me way too much, but the fact that im having suicidal thoughts because i never had a GF, i hate my body and schools hard, which are probably the 3 most common reasons teenagers are bothered by, just seems so ridiculous to me. Yet i hate my life and i think i could just get rid of all the sorrows i have if i just end it all right here...Im confused, maybe i just need someone to talk to.
