How I feel: The story I'm not like most people. I'm special. Special doesn't mean better. It doesn't mean worse. Only different. At first sight, I look normal, I act normal. But I did figure out that I wasn't, and it only took me two decades.

  
  So my situation's a little different than others here. I didn't live through a traumatic event when I was a kid (according to me). My parents didn't beat me. Didn't get bullied (too much). I'm not in pain. I don't feel alone, even though I am. 

  
  I didn't have a best friend when I was a kid. It wasn't a health problem so I didn't talk about it to my physician. And when I felt anxious, well, everyone else did too. Nothing strange there, either a kid was stressed, or didn't give a shit. I talked about my feelings just as much as the next guy, which is not at all. (I could be wrong there, since I didn't have a best friend) It all seemed pretty normal to me. It was pretty normal to be stressed and to not give a shit. And I could do both.   
  Fast forward a little, and it becomes obvious that I'm not normal. In my early twenties, my friends were my co-workers. I had started smoking to cope with the stress. Random people had earned my respect for coping with stress without that crutch. 

  
  Going out once a month is definitely not normal. Not having friends is not normal. Not seeing your parents for months in a row is not normal. It made me different. Not better, not worse. I had already thought about killing myself, briefly. During, I kid you not, an insurance meeting with the HR department. She did the math in front of me (not exactly challenging). I had to work another 40-something years to get full retirement benefits. At the time, I thought I could do it. I was let go about 2 years later. 

  
  I didn't think about my mental health issues for some time. Eventually, I did my own research to find out relevant details. I'm reasonably certain that I also have alexithymia (lack of emotional self-awareness) and anhedonia (inability to feel pleasure). 

  
  It's always easier to spot a problem in retrospect, but it explains a lot. Why I don't miss people when they're gone. Why I don't cry at funerals. 

Why I rarely get angry. 

Why I never knew what to ask for on my birthdays. 

  
  I don't form emotional bond with people. There's no one in my life to whom I can say with certainty “I love you”. A blank space is a list of every thing I want.   
  My whole life has been driven by what I don't want. 

I don't want to stand out. 

I don't want to be unemployed. 

I don't want to be homeless. 

I don't want to live.  


I don't want to walk around aimlessly, choc-full of antidepressant. 

Don't want to work 40 years in a daze. 

Don't want to get stuck in a psych ward.

Don't want to get worse.   
 Things aren't bad for me. They're not good either. I can't remember the best day of my life. Can't remember the worst either. But I do remember some bad ones.   
 

I don't want to kill myself, but I think I'll do it anyway.