I can't take anymoreI don't know what to say. I've had a really shitty year. Thought I found the girl of my dreams but she lives 4 hours away. She's getting tired of the distance and I can't say I blame her. It's hard. So incredibly fucking hard. 

I'm in college. Right before (like minutes) I was about to leave my shitty '94 truck broke down and it would've been about a thousand to fix. My parents told me to sell it. They said they would cosign for me on the car and my student loans. The day before I was going to leave to go back to school they told me they were no longer going to cosign on either of them and gave me ~5k to choose which one I want to do. 

If I hadn't sold the truck I could've fixed it and gone to school. But now I'm two hours from anyone I know without a car. But that all isn't all so bad I guess. 

Last semester I had... well it wasn't so hot. I did really shitty. I got a 1.125 GPA and lost my scholarship. I'm not upset over the scholarship though because of the extra course load it required really just... I don't know how to articulate it... brought me down. 

Another thing is the August I was leaving for college my parents moved to a different state. So I haven't seen any of my friends from back home in forever. And that sucks. 


The only classes I enjoy are engineering ones which is weird I'd think but they're the only ones I find interesting. And because of my colossal fuck up of last semester I can't take any of them. 

I'm going to the doctor on campus to get set up for getting meds for arthritis and getting retested for ADHD so I can get on campus accommodations. 

Tonight my girlfriend said she was busy and she'd talk to me tomorrow. And I get that she's busy but after the past couple days of us arguing... not really even arguing, just not talking... It's hard. After I told her about all the stuff with my family being shitty people she's been distant and I get that she doesn't want anything to do with that but I don't either. And I tried to talk about it but she's always busy. 

I'm just so fucking exhausted. I don't know how much more I can take. I have a small presentation about myself due tomorrow and I can't seem to get up to do it. I'm tired of being alive. 

Maybe I'll come back and try to fix this to be coherent later but I don't have the energy right now  
I'm gonna go take a shower and see if I can manage to do this project when I get out. 