Going to drink myself to death because of my small frame and breasts, goodbye worlddSorry if the grammar is incorrect at all but I'm drunk while writing this because I hate myelf and I hate my lfie. I am a fairly attractive young lady (21) who has had just the WOOOOOORST shitty fucking love life ever. All I want is a guy/girl/adult homosapien that is sweet, nice, and incredibly nerdy like me(likes DnD, manga, video games) like me that ALSO is attracted to my small breats and thin frame. I've gotten dumped and cheated on by these typesp of individuals before ALL BECAUSE of my fucking breast size. And cheated on. I'm very sexually active and emotionally avaiable in relationships, so it must be my small breasts. One of them even told me (I found out he'd been cheating on me for over a year with some 220 pound chick) that he broke up with me becaus of my breast size, ha....I don't even care about appearances, gender, or weight. I am LITERALLY FUCKING BLIND TO APPEARANCES, I JUST WANT SOMEONE WITH A NICE PERSONALITIY THAT LOVES MY SMALL BREASTS WHY IS THAT SO HARD????I just want someone with the personality traits I've mentioned above but can't seem to find anyone that likes small breasts (lol because no one fucking does).  I've pretty much accepted that I'm shit tier because of my breast size and will always be viewed as lesser to females who are big (or atleast medium) breasted. I'm so sick and tired of life. I'm fucking miserable and although I am satisfied with myself and ME AS I AM (I'm ambitious and pretty talented) have come terms that no one else will ever love me or want to be my friend because of my breast size. I pretty much have no friends, no love life, and no one that gives a shit about me lol. I know it'
s shallow but I'm pretty sure I'd ave a better love lfe if I had biggerr breasts. Contemplated implants but apparently people hate implants as much as they hate small breasts, so what's the point. I am so unfeminine and worthless. I'm 105 pounds so hopfeully drinking myself to death will be easy. I;m already super drunk, so I guessss this is goodbye. 

Tl;Drd
My life is shit I have no friends/lovers becasue of my small breasts I will always be less desirable than other women, might as well kill myself than suffer a life forever alone because of it.