Thank you for being here // မပျော်Thank you for still being here. It isn’t easy; in this horribly beautiful world. It’s easy to feel alone. It’s easy to feel hopeless. Maybe this community gives you even the smallest semblance of togetherness, the  most minuscule amount of hope. But still those dark clouds don’t seem to be going anywhere.

Thank you for sitting here in this darkness.

It feels weird to write this - I’ve browsed here for awhile, reached out a few times ( this is a new accnt though ). All of the pain on here is overwhelming sometimes. I don’t know your pain, the hurt in your heart - &amp; when people fail to empathize with someone truly suffering - barely hanging on - it can make it that much worse despite it not being their intention. 

Thank you for being here in this deep ocean of pain. 

Where am I going with this ? I dunno - this is darkness I don’t have any flashlight - do any of us ? I can share my experience - my pain - &amp; maybe that will do something, can I even know my own intention for wanting to share ? I’d like to hope it’s wholesome but maybe my ego is having a say too because it can never shut up either. 

Thank you for being here in this dark cloud of suffering. 

It’s easy for our mind to want to compare but I try to not &amp; just see what is for itself. I am not in the darkness right now - but I used to be - I just left a 3 day silent vipassana meditation retreat, it was agonizing, but my heart feels stronger now. 

Thank you for being here in this agonizing human existence. 

I was depressed &amp; suicidal for about 20 years. I still am sometimes, but it’s not deep darkness like before. When I was 6 I held a knife to my chest - I didn’t push in I just held it there &amp; I kept saying I want to die, I want to die. My mom witnessed. Fast forward blah blah more pain more darkness more depression. You’ve heard far worse &amp; maybe worse yourself but does comparing help us? 

Thank you for being here in this confusing unmerciful house.



I don’t know if I’d be alive if someone didn’t pull me out when I was most lost. That someone had just started to really leave their darkness, a darkness from their baby 5 year old sister dying in their arms in a car accident &amp; themselves almost dying too. It gave me a little strength to swim up. I was introduced to meditation - now meditation - I don’t like that word it has a lot of connotations attached to it. I haven’t thought of a good replacement word but really what sitting is , along with movement which is important too like yoga &amp; qi gong, is its training. Training our bodies, minds &amp; hearts, which are all muscles that can grow. &amp; psychedelics are amazing too but they have their own pitfalls as does all of this 

Thank you for being here in this river of sorrow. 

But anyway blah blah what’s the use of anything. Fast forward 4.5 years of this path &amp; here I am. I’d probably be dead without this stuff. &amp; I wanna invite you to try the smallest of things - imagine yourself sitting in front of you, feeling terrible right now, sitting there hunched over in pain, &amp; take one giant deep breath in inhaling the pain &amp; darkness from yourself sitting in front of you, &amp; imagine it filling up your body all of it - and hold it in - &amp; then breathe out a cooling soothing relief to yourself. Thank you if you tried &amp; thank you if you didn’t. Maybe it does something or maybe it’s bullshit like everything else. 

But I just wanna tell you one more time thank you for being here. 

&amp; if this all sucked I’m sorry I tried like the rest of the assholes who try and just make it worse - မပျော်