I've been suicidal for years, but I've never had the courage to act on it.I don't even know where I would begin, but suffice it to say that I've been very sad for a very long time. I hardly ever express negative emotions in front of other people. I guess I'm just embarrassed. Everyone in my immediate family tends to shy away from negative confrontations/displays of emotions until a problem becomes big enough to blow up. Growing up, my dad was always very authoritarian and closed off emotionally. We fought a lot and I feel like our relationship is strained today because of it, even though on the surface everything is usually pleasant. I can't remember a single time he's ever apologized to me for something we've fought about and I know he's not right 100% of the time. But he's the man of the house so he can never be wrong.

For the most part I feel emotionally disconnected from everyone around me. It's been that way for almost 10 years now I think. I feel like there's something very wrong about the way I perceive social situations - like everyone else sees it completely different. Sometimes I feel like everyone around me is disposable in a sense. Like nothing really matters, and if I lost contact with them tomorrow, things would move on and it wouldn't make a difference. I don't care about my friend's problems. I wouldn't really care if they died tomorrow. I'd probably be sad for a bit, then I'd stop thinking about it and it'd be like they never existed. Same for family. Some days I feel so angry and spiteful for no real reason.

Other days it feels like I'm waiting for death, whether it's my own or someone I know. The thought of being dead is terrifying and overwhelming. So much so that I've never been able to bring myself to genuinely attempt suicide. I can't force myself to hurt myself no matter how much I want to stop living my life. I can't stop thinking about death. It overshadows everything else in my life because I know that one day someone I love will be dead, or I'll be dead and that'll be the end of it. I'm not religious, so I don't believe there's anything to look forward to after that. Everything I know and love will ultimately be destroyed, so what's the point in carrying on? I've done things I'm not proud of. I've hurt people I'm supposed to care about. I don't know how I could ever forgive myself for those things. I don't see any path that leads me to being happy, but then again maybe I should be enduring the emotional torment as a sort of atonement.

To top it all off I think I'm sick. I was diagnosed with severe sleep apnea a couple years ago after a strange incident where I woke up disoriented and confused. Prior to that night I would have considered myself intelligent and very competent. Now my memory is so poor I can't even remember whether I locked the front door a few steps from my apartment. I have constant strange mental lapses throughout the day like forgetting why I entered a room, forgetting what a tube of toothpaste looks like in the morning when I go to brush my teeth, being unable to remember names and faces of people I just met etc. My ears will not stop ringing. I'm easily overwhelmed by information. I feel like part of me is dead and my old self is slipping further away every day.

I haven't really told anyone. I tried to fix it myself by going to the doctor, but I feel like I'm not being taken seriously. I don't seem bothered enough by the symptoms to make them think it's a big deal (I was literally told once "You're young, you'll get over it," by one of the doctors). Really I just don't know how to express to them how much it bothers me. I don't cry in front of other people. I try not to seem negative. It's like an automatic reflex that I can't control. So despite this being the worst thing to ever happen to me, no one takes it seriously. I had an MRI done once I managed to convince the doctor I needed help. Unfortunately it occurred when I was between jobs so I was uninsured. I didn't realize I wasn't covered at the time. I'm sitting on a huge medical bill I've decided to ignore. The neurologist never contacted me with the results. My new job is very demanding and I'm struggling to function. I don't see a reason to go on with my life, but I'm too afraid of hurting myself to even try to end it. If I do nothing, it might just take care of itself.