[Insert here an interesting title]I will try to make this not too painful to read, since my story is pretty long and boring and I know no one is interested on that, so... I won't give details. To sum it up: I think I have finally broke.

I first had suicidal thoughts when I was 14-15 (I'm 18 now). Lot of shit happened to me. I realized that I sucked hard at everything including the stuff I was passionate about, developed some type of fear to windows courtains and apparently forgot how to socialize, because nowadays I get so nervous when talking to a stranger I usually don't even bother to do it anymore. The next year however I managed to be happy enough to reduce them a lot. They just appeared like twice a month or less if I was lucky.Well, they returned last year, and as much as I have been trying to make a difference on 2018...January is not over and I'm having my biggest crisis yet. The funny thing is that I have already accepted that I'm pure garbage and that no matter how hard I try, I just suck, I am a dissapointment to everyone, and there is no really a point on keep my life going. But I wanted to keep it going. 

Why do I feel different now then? Simple, I recently discovered that my dog was killed like a month ago. No one bothered to tell me. I know this may sound pathetic and dumb, but my dog was really the only thing that kept we trying to go on. It was the only being that I couldn't dissapoint, that would never tell me I suck and that would actually be happy seeing me. Of course, I know that's because it's a dog and the poor thing was not clever enough to understand I'm pure poison to the world, but I liked to trick myself with things like "I can't be that bad if it likes me." Yeah it's dumb, you can laugh at it. But even if it didn't recognize that I try hard at everything, no one does so it wasn't a difference.It was just perfect.

Tonight I have been told again how worthless I am. I think that after this awful five years I have finally broke or something. Now I'm looking for a fast way to kill myself without pain as well as the courage to do it. Luckily, while I used to have some type of inner voice that told me "You are too young, just keep it going. If you live long enough something good will happen to you"now it's gone.

So, the point is, as dumb as it sounds I would like to go to the other side with at least one archievement, which at this point it's pretty much like a wet dream for me (serious talk, I have dreamed about it a few times and it was amazing). I just want someone to tell me that I'm good at something, or that I did well. Since I'm not actually good at anything, you can pretty much make it up. I'm aware that it's not really going to help me because at the end of the day it's just a random stranger telling me a lie. But what can I say? As I already said before, I like to trick myself. So yeah, if you're kind enough to just tell me that I did well, or that I'm good at riding unicorns or whatever I would apreciate it. It would be enough with just one person doing it. Please don't tell me things like "You just have low opinion about yourself". I really want to archieve this before March if it's possible since I turn 19 then and I plan to end this before.

(English is not my first language so sorry for the typos.).