Tried ending it all today. I don't know what to do anymore...I'm a 20 year old transgendered female. I've been losing more and more people since I came out. My family and friends I've had for years stopped talking to me. I had to drop out of school due to not being able to take being ignored by every person in each of my classes. 

I work for a company that dislikes me and pays less than everyone I train and work with, even though I do the job of three people. Plus, I'm constantly laughed at about my looks and the fact of being transgendered.

So, today I found out I'm losing my hair and it pushed me over the edge with everything. I've tried suicide multiple times in my life, but I was hoping to get this one right. 

I cleaned my apartment then began writing my suicide note. Halfway through, I get a call from an old friend that only calls when she needs me. She kinda asked how I was doing but I just brushed her off and kept going. When I finished the note, I got all my liquor and pills in my house and laid on my bed, but I couldn't do it. 

I just started crying so hard. Eventually I contacted the Trevor Project and spoke to them for a while. It was nice having someone to talk to after being alone for so long. The only way they would let me off the phone was if I found someone to spend time with me. I tried to find someone, but I couldn't find anyone. 

After I gave that up, I laid in my bed to try to sleep it off, but I felt something bite me. I got so scared and paranoid that I ran around in my apartment screaming and tearing my hair out. Then I ended up twisting my ankle enough to still not be able to walk on it. 

So, I sat outside my apartment crying just wearing a coat while my neighbors watched me. I sat out there for a while until I got the idea to contact a guy I had been kinda seeing lately. He ended up coming to pick me up and spend sometime with me. But, after cuddling with him for a while at his place, he told me he wouldn't date me in a million years and that's when I asked him to take me home. 

He tried to make me feel better by telling me that I fooled his roommates into thinking that I'm a girl and that just made it worse. I am a girl, I was just born physically male. I hate having to trying to convince people of something that I shouldn't have to. 

Anyway, I've been up for about 30 hours, my jaw hurts from crying, my ankle is in constant pain, I'm paranoid and don't feel safe in my apartment alone. 

I'm talking to a coworker right now but it doesn't seem to be helping. I keep trying to find a painless to go, but I can't find one. I just don't feel safe at all and don't know what to do. Help me, please? 