If you see my post history, you'll see I hate my small dick. I think I'm extremely dysmorphic; I hate my height, dick, skin, face, short hands. What purpose do I serve?I feel lonely.

Girls never call me cute.

A guy can be a jerk and get laid because he's tall/muscular/model-like/hung. I was born genetically incorrect.

I have always been insecure about myself. People would give weird looks, which I know were because of my looks. Besides the physical stuff, I was terrible talking to people. I couldn't keep up a conversation, and still can't. I was, and still am, awkward. But none of it was to the extent of suicide.

Then in high school, around 17, my insecurities exploded. I noted all my friends were tall while I got stuck with my midget height. All my friends were either black or Hispanic. Blacks get tall because of basketball and sports in general, and my spanish friends were all taller than me, despite that spanish ppl are supposedly short (I got the worst DNA possible for a Hispanic). Everyone was better than me in sports. 

My face has always been terrible. Nose is too big. I look weird when I put my teeth together. My side view is absolutely disgusting. The way in which my facial hair grows, it looks naturally dirty. The fat on my face... I even pull the fat skin on my face back to try and see what I'd look like skinnier. I still look disgusting, ugly as fuck, nasty. I have the wrong face.

I never really thought about the size of my dick when I'd masturbate. I never looked down and thought about it. But I began paying attention to the guys' dicks. They were all bigger, and I started sensing the inadequacy. At work, my friends make jokes about small dicks, and whenever sex comes up, so does the mentioning of "average" size. They say 5.1 but their self-admitted sizes are way bigger than 5.1 and my size. One of them is black, ofc. Both are much taller than me. Don't say they're lying. People who post on r/MassiveCock exist, that's why they post there, and blacks are known to have big dicks. Everyone who posts anywhere on reddit, who has a big dick, is tall as well. Tall people have bigger dicks confirmed. I have small ass hands, which goes well with the small dick stereotype for me.

Why is it so important to me? Am I a pervert? It's how big lots of guys are. The guys I see in homemade amateur reddit gifs/videos, they're all big, how they made the girls moan and smile. I realized that this was something I'd never get to see in my life. Meanwhile they would spread rumors about me.

Girls I know talk about small dicks, too. They talk about who's cute, handsome, etc. After a guy leaves drive-thru, that's what they do. I would be the guy they describe as ugly when I leave the window. Having a big dick wouldn't get girls interested without the face behind it. I don't have the looks. They must talk about me behind my back.

I am a failure at life.

In a desperate attempt I made this account (and a few previous accounts) so I could talk to as many girls as possible to try and disprove the big dick only myth. I asked girls from r/gonewild and lots of other sex-related subs. I made accounts on Fetlife and Pornhub. I even went for the girls who openly described their promiscuity in their profiles to see if it was more likely for them to accept a small penis. They go for the best. Tall, handsome, and hung Apparently in college there's much more guys looking to fuck than there are girls. The girls are the typical white girls who only fuck the white or black jock douchebags. Only those type of guys get laid. Pretty much every girl I asked said height and looks and size matter. 

Some said 5 inches was average and enough. Let's unravel that truth.

I took a dick pic of myself, hard. I asked girls (asked for permission to send) if they could rate it/say if it looked average from their experience. Now I'm around 5.5 inches long to be exact. Know what they said? "Lmfao you're small af" "You're fat" "Your shit looks like a worm". Ask if you want to see the pic for proof how bad my body is.

By the way, remember I said I'm fat? My body has stretch marks; losing weight would cause me to have loose skin, yet another way I destroyed my body by being a fatfuck all my life. Maybe being lonely caused me to eat to feel happy, idk.

I've thought about how I could just go for it... I looked up sleeping pills. They don't actually work. Cyanide pills are hard to attain. Not sure what else is quick enough and painless. But these are currently only ideas, not yet taken into action. Not sure how much longer I can withstand being depressed.