I died years ago.Sure, dramatic title, but why not? Us depressed always seem to be that way. I haven't reached out to this community in a long while, so I thought I'd give it a go. I downed half a bottle of cough syrup two days ago in hopes it would kill me. I know it's childish because it requires much more than that to kill someone, but I can never fully bring myself to go *all the way*. So, instead, I take small steps such as wrist cutting and general random pill consumption in hopes that I'll nick the vain just enough or I'll push my liver just enough. 

To be honest, I am not a pessimist. In fact, I often consider myself an optimist; and like many of the people who post here, my life is actually quite good. I have money, a job, a college, friends, family, and even a cat. But I still find myself utterly exhausted by simply existing. It'll even hit me at the gym and I'll go from a heart rate of 120 and adrenaline pumping to 100 and barely wanting to move. I tell my friends I'm 80 years old because - frankly - that's how I feel. My favorite time of the day is night because I dream I won't wake up. I spend most of my days contemplating suicide and the various methods. I pray I could exchange my life for a starving child because I feel as though I'm wasting it in this depression. I'll give some background info:

Divorced parents. Alcoholic parents, angry parents. Then, Step-dad, alcoholic, angry, and verbally an ass. I spent most of my days hiding away to not bother him. I was twelve and my first suicidal notions appeared. I began cutting, but it was mostly a "cry" for help or me fitting in to my "emo" friends. Skip to sophomore year: I am doing really well in life (socially and educationally) when suddenly it stops. I become removed and distant. I *liked* being depressed. I think I did. I recall feeling more intelligent than others because of my depression. It set me aside. And I did excel intellectually as I withdrew, but that slowed down as my motivation decreased.

Skip to Senior year, dating the love of my life (let's call her girl A) etc... I put a lot of my life into her. Still, I knew she was going to break up with me eventually so I took 10 or so advil in hopes of death. It obviously didn't work. She did break up with me for college. Stupidly, I went to the same college as her. It wasn't that bad, but it didn't help my depression. I attempted one more time when I went on anti-depressants. I took all of the pills in the bottle (but foolishly didn't consider how safe they were). I told my counselor and she flipped. I was suspended and sent to rehab. I got better, truly, for about a week. Then, things went way down hill right before going back to college. I started listening to old eerie 1920's music and having beyond dark thoughts. I got weird to day the least.

The music became an obsession and the idea of being "wrong" or "evil" felt good. A sort of qualifier for my depression. So, I bought a $40 knife and began cutting while listening to the Ink Spots and Glenn Miller. Haha it's sort of ridiculous, but I suppose that's why I did it. Anyways, I tried dating another girl (Let's call her girl B), but she ended up being super depressed as well. She was my first, but all we did was have sex or lie together in a completely black room or watch tv. It was amazingly dark. I loved it, but then my thoughts turned to suicide. I was worried I would actually do it so I went home. Turns out no one was home for the weekend (they went to help my cancerous aunt). So I ended up alone for three days and two nights straight. I took an exacto blade and cut down my wrist multiple times. It failed to truly hit a vain I suppose. 

I broke up with my depressed girlfriend immediately after and that helped my mentality (I was not spending tons of time in a dark lonely room). But I continued cutting deep into my hip and chest with my expensive blade. I still have huge purple scars that may last a few years if not forever. I would cut and listen to eerie music and cut even deeper into the initial cuts. I could tell I wanted the scars. A mark or something. Maybe another "cry for help". Anyhow, four months later, after getting in contact with my "Girl A" again, I downed half a bottle of cough syrup (she basically let me know we'd never get back together) and now I'm here.

I know this is crazy long and not the most linear of stories, but I am tired and depressed and I always delete these posts before making them; I wanted to get this one out for once. I am not currently suicidal. I just wish I was dead. Haha huge difference for people who have been there. So, I am going to go to bed, I'll read the responses when I wake up. I just want to tell someone all of this. No one has ever had the story in full.