Long summary of the past few months - loveless, socially starved and psychologically addicted to benzo'sThis Valentine's day bullshit has put me in the gutter recently and I just cannot keep this bottled up any longer. 
 
I made a suicide attempt with the help of benzo's a while back because of how hopeless my future seemed. No job, no friends, no diplomas, no prospect of any of those, stuck in front of the computer 24/7, massive social anxiety issues, a drain for my aging parents, it all seemed extremely bleak.


Then out of the blue, an old highschool classmate - now my best friend, my only friend as a matter of fact - saved me by making me feel like I mattered, at least in her heart. I was making good progress as we spent New Year's Eve together. We talked for hours and I got to meet her family, share a dinner with them and talk about useless shit. I felt accepted, part of their family even, it was great.


Then the inevitable happened. Because of how much and how often she would provide emotional support for me, the extreme lengths she would go to to insure that I was feeling okay, I fell in love with her. She's married.


I told her. I said I couldn't continue talking to her because I corrupted our relationship. She vehemently disagreed and said it would be the stupidest thing I could ever do, that my confession wouldn't even make a dent in our friendship and that she was proud I trusted her with this. She doesn't understand that my attachment is unhealthy. I can't deal with only talking to her once a month, I constantly need her support, the same way an addict builds up his tolerance and craves his fix more and more often and it's reached a point where she simply cannot keep up, because she's a very, VERY busy person.


I tried cutting all contact but I couldn't even last a week, a week during which my depression hit a new low. I felt like death, I would run my fingernails across my face to rip the skin out. I have no idea why I did this. I went back to my old routine of sending each-other messages once in a while which is far from ideal as I would often wake up in the middle of the night just to check if she answered me, every day, for weeks, until I would finally see it and feel a little bit better for a day or two, before going back to the vicious cycle. Knowing that we will never be together, even though she's the only woman kind, bright and insightful enough to help me that I'll ever meet in my socially deprived life, feels horrible. Plenty of fish in the sea, yes. But I'm isolated in an aquarium of my own doing where she's, by FAR, the most perfect fish in this fishtank.


I know, deep within my heart, that if we spent our lives together, I would be fixed. Her extrovert nature, kindness, perseverance and intuitive understanding of my issues would've helped me through all my anxiety problems and I would've had a shot at happiness. As it stands, I'm left with a bottle of benzo's and a brain that really, REALLY wants me to swallow the whole thing. I already took a few bars to ease the separation anxiety but it only made my depression worse. The more pills I take the more I want to take, the focus shifts from easing the pain to ending the pain - permanently.


In a last-ditch attempt to feel loved, I tried talking to my ex again on FB. At first she seemed overjoyed to have news from me, but as soon as I told her about my issues with depression and my stay at the hospital, she just stopped responding. No explanation, no nothing. Just silence. Another massive punch in the stomach.


I feel like love is the only way I'll ever be fixed, but I'm too pathetic to deserve it. I see absolutely no way of breaking the vicious cycle at my age (turning 25 soon). If I was younger I might've opted for one of those halfway houses where they teach you to become social again, with the added benefit of being surrounded by people in the same rut but that no longer applies. I'm only left with full-blown psych wards that do nothing but heavily sedate you for a week and kick you out, outpatient consultations with psychiatrist who also prescribe massive amounts of antipsychotics, or therapy that tells me things I already know. I'm not taking anti-psychotics ever again, not after what the side-effects did to me last time. I started having involuntary movements and was scared shitless to end up with a neurological disorder. My life sucks enough as it is, I don't need an incurable illnesses on top of that.


From watching my grandmother succumb to various ailments of old age, suffer heavily from them physically and emotionally and eventually die, the idea of ending up like this terrifies me. How is being a 80 year old with Alzheimer, emphysema and severe muscle weakness, crying every night because you struggle for every breath, feeling like you're suffocating every minute of every day, having to get your own son to wipe your ass any better than dying on your own terms while you're still fresh, in control of your mental faculties and most importantly, in a soothing, peaceful way? I've seen what the road ahead has to offer me. These are the best years of my life and they already feel like a special kind of hell. I don't want to keep walking.


My grandmother would often tell me that she hated what she had become, she hated having us do all those things for her. I tried my best to ease her suffering by telling her that she should never feel guilty for things she cannot control, that we gladly helped her through it all because we wouldn't have it any other way. If there's one thing I can be proud of, it's letting my last words to her be that she wasn't a burden, and that she was loved.


I wish I knew deep within my heart that one day, I will cross paths with someone who will truly love me, but the chances of that are so remote that I would rather take my chances and end my suffering sooner rather than later. Up until this point, my love has been universally unwanted.


I don't know how long I can keep staring at this bottle of benzo's before I decide it's time to take the journey. I keep it close because it gives me a sick sense of comfort. An anxiety-free, pain-free alternative.


If you've read everything up until this point. I give you an immense thank you for caring enough to do such a thing. It's a thankless job to go through these posts. I'm scheduled to see my psychiatrist this month and I'll hopefully be able to make it until then, but even she has difficulties answering some of my questions about those issues, simply because there's no happy answer.