Done with this lie.Probably none of the people I know would ever think I'm considering committing suicide. I'm usually told I'm a good guy pretty quiet and laidback.At the same time, I'm always smiling (naturally, it is not fake) and trying to have a good time at everything I do. I'm a happy guy generally regarding my character and always been. Don't complain about anything. Don't demand anything unlike most of my siblings. I've learnt to live being happy with the things I've got. I'm grateful for all the good thingsI've been given. I'm also grateful that I've been born and raised on a First-World country.The thing is, I haven't told anybody about my inner struggle. I've got everything bottled up and whenever it shows up, I will burst out and do sonething insane. And it is not a threat.

Being that said, I'm really thinking about ending my life lately. Yesterday, I was phoned by my oldest brother and I have the idea I lied to him. In the end of that conversation, he said "well, I'm glad everything is fine", and me "yep, thanks, I'm glad  we have talked too" since the last time we actually talked was in April.

He asked me about my life, how  University is going, how dating is going (if I had hooked up with anyone or so) , and in general, about everything. 

Reality, is that I fucking lied, but I had no choice. If I told to anyone any thing about what I'm going through, it would end up in a big let down and in a consequent catastrophe.

I don't have any friends to hang out with, I'm gay (I  think I'll never come out to anybody; everyone in my house is homophobic; I've lied too much about my tastes on girls and given my opinion about them; it's too late now...) , I'm a virgin, I'm a waste of money to my parents, I don't see any future for myself, I don't know how to get a job, I'm fucking useless, I watched yesterday like three hours non-stop of porn without masturbating to it (fucking insane if you think it through) ,my life makes no sense at all, I refuse to keep going with this bullshit I have made out of my life, it's too late. 

All the things I enjoy are considered a waste of time. Everything I like is always useless. It makes no sense living when you realize that everything you like is useless. 

I'm always asked about how is it that I don't hang out with anybody whilst all of my siblings do. Fucking ask the ones who made out a hell of my years back in High School. Go and fucking ask'em! They tore my self-esteem apart. They are the reason why I don't have any friends at all. That's the reason why I'm socially withdrawn and my social skills are non-existent. I don't want to get into it but you (my relatives) force me to think this way and feel this sad. I'm done with being asked about the status of my social circle. I don't fucking care now. I can't do anything about it. Just stop asking me if I go out or don't. I fucking don't. Isn't it even clear???? So just stop it if you don't want this presumably inoffensive guy to go nuts and do something absolutely crazy.

About my homosexuality. I'm not open about it to anyone. I'll never be. I think I'll live a lie forever if I don't end up killing myself before. I like the fact that I'm into guys but will never forgive myself because of it, if someone knew. I'm terrified about it. The other day I had a nightmare about two of my brothers finding out and they messed with me and told me they would never trust me ever again in my life because of such a long-held lie. I cried my eyes out when I got up. I've been feeling mournful and suicidal all this time. 


I also had early on this year a crush on a guy in my class.  He's straight and has a girlfriend. I love him a lot. I always will. He's the one I dream about every morning and every night. I will always bear him in my mind. I will always want being his and him being mine. Thanks, Hector (that's his real name). 

I hate myself. I hate the world. I hate my existence. I hate everything around me. 

I deserve it. I'm the only one to blame. That's why I've come up with the idea of killing myself. 

I know I won't be able to do it, because despite everything I love my parents and siblings. Unconditionally. I would never stop loving them. But I would like as well to have their approval and support. I know they won't. They'll disown me, hate me, despise me, loathe me forever. I don't want to live without them.They'll kick me out for sure. They will never want to have a gay brother/son. I don't see any other way out. Sorry, guys.I've failed everybody. It's my doom.

Thanks for reading.