Am I too judgemental of my friends?I met Tom in high school we were part of a good friend group. We partied a lot our senior year and then when we graduated I moved across the country for school he went into the military. It's been six years from my senior year, and I finally decided to go home.

Tom is home for the summer. After serving five years in the military, he was discharged along with his girlfriend. They moved in together to go to college. They are both 24 and this summer they are taking off and not working they are staying at Tom’s parents rent-free. We usually go out drinking a couple of nights a week.

They always like to get blackout drunk and can be loud. Tom’s girlfriend usually puts glasses from the bar that she thinks is cool in her purse. Tom thinks it's funny and encourages her to do it they say the bars get those glasses for free, so it doesn't matter. We're from a liberal state I'm LGBT. He and his girlfriend pride month tweeted:
 ”I don't care if you’re gay or straight, i have plenty of friends that are both. But pls stop forcing it on us who just wanna be left out of it.”


I find it hurtful when they tweet that stuff. He and his girlfriend also tweet out slut-shaming things like:

”What do women do after they’ve slept with everyone and still don't find love?

Post “men ain't shit.”

I think it's funny they like this stuff because when tom is single, he'll sleep with anything that walks he's a known dog. In the past, he's talked about how he'd slept with a lot of women and ”shout out to women with no self-respect.” He's also been caught sexting other girls while he's been in this relationship. So I don't understand why he puts down promiscuous woman. They post on social media always trying to look like the perfect couple.


I want to distance myself from him, but Tom is a long-time friend. I feel like an asshole judging them so much. Am I the asshole for wanting to ghost these people? I feel emotionally drained should I stop the friendship? Would that make me an asshole?