For the first time in a while, I'm starting to have urges.I have always been proud of myself for overcoming my eating disorder and depression and self harm, for rising from my darkest hour. Lately I've mostly had issues with psychosis and PTSD from being raped a year ago, respectively, but it's manageable. I haven't had a serious suicidal thought or urge for years. Until now. I had a miscarriage and nobody cares. My ex-best friend is about to die in combat and we don't talk because my boyfriend hates him, and he went into the infantry because I didn't like him back and now he's determined to die and it's all my fault. I'm falling behind in college somehow. My grades are high but not high enough to maintain this scholarship, which I don't completely need, but I'm terrified of my parents' reaction. I've been getting in so many fights with my significant other of five years lately. We're nineteen and live together. I'm so paranoid of him seeing women naked and watching porn and can't legitimately discuss it because he isn't good at that and can't understand it's likely because I was raped. I love him so much but I feel like he doesn't love me anymore and I don't know who to turn to. We may be breaking up and I know our constant arguments are taking a toll on him too but he moved states to be here and has no relatives here and relies on me for transportation and laundry and food. My life is so full of mayhem and misfortune I can't fully list out all the crazy shit that's happened to me in the past year alone in less than 20 minutes, but... I always thought I was mentally strong again. Now, ending it seems to be the only foreseeable solution to end my stress. He makes me cry, sometimes twice a day. Everything does. I cry and cry and try to be productive but the only thing that seems to help is drugs. I just want drugs. I hate my body, it's not good enough. I have interstitial cystitis and I'm always burning and it's so embarassing and inconvenient for him, I know, because the pain can have me crying on the floor for hours. I always just wanted to be a good girlfriend and wife but now I feel like I can't do anything at all. I feel so stupid. I hate what my life has become. It just doesn't seem worth it to be conscious. I don't know. I just had to put this here, even if nobody listens. 

Edit: further venting. I just found out he had some pictures and whatever else saved of naked women and I suspect he's been watching porn this whole time and it's soul-crushing, especially because no one else would think that's reason to be hurt so profoundly. That's normal for other relationships and that's fine but this wasn't the boundary I thought we had... He calls me a slut or whore for every little thing I do or interaction I have and now he's probably been getting gratification and pleasure from looking at other women sexually for years, even recently as an adult when we've been together for so long and I've basically given him whatever he's wanted no matter how inconvenient it was for me.  This makes me so sick, the thought of him staring at a screen, looking hungrily at someone else. I can't explain how hurt I am. I can't trust him anymore. I'm so alone. I want to die. 