National humiliationI was suing my ex-landlord/roommate for illegally evicting me. I had all my evidence and it was a pretty much open and shut case, but one issue... she did not have any other income other than scamming me. I get a call from "Judge" Mathis, they explain that it was going to be like a regular court that if you have evidence you'll win, you just have to ham it up and they will pay you the winnings. It comes to talking about the case after I give my "backstory" the producers wrote. I tell him what the agreement was and what I paid and when I paid. He said I was not keeping the story straight, I gave him my evidence which he did even look at. He just said that I did not give him evidence of what I am suing and it did not add up to what I was suing for, they edit him looking through evidence, you could probably give him a paper with a bunch of jibberish on it and it not affect your case what so ever. He did not let me show where she would constantly say I have to move out at the end of the month, and then she would change to the end of next month, then it would be the end of this month, so on and so forth. Then the day before the first she told me to pay an extra $500 or move out. I have evidence of all of it. Then she was countersuing for damaging her car. I have never seen her car before but I have the google maps on my phone which shows where I am on any day I want to look up. I had evidence I wasn't even near the complex the day it happened. He moved to her and asked if she had any evidence I did it and she said a neighbor saw me do it. He ruled in her favor. I tried asking for help from r/legaladvice but they didn't care, and tried asking for help in r/ask. I tried my facebook, (I never post on facebook) I got no response. Nobody seems to care if I was in the right They are going to edit me to look like an idiot, fool an evil person destroying people's cars. I don't know how people can live with that kind of public humiliation, after being treated so poorly by someone and being taken advantage of and have a national television show ridicule them and treat them like a pariah. I can't stand knowing that there will be people out there thinking I'm a bad person, and that the person that made my life there a living hell not knowing if I'm going to come home and have all my things out in the street. How can someone live through that kind of public humiliation because I can't all I want to do is die.