I just really want to talk it all outI just don't know who else I can talk to and be open with, if not all of you kind strangers.


I have tried so hard on my own to get better. I've been less secretive, I told my mom about my feelings. But in weeks like this one, I just dont see how I can keep all of this going for too much longer.


Ok. The end of last spring was when I really started to notice the depression. It came and went over summer, and each time was just a little bit worse than the last. Up until August, I had denied I had a problem, but I managed to make a little breakthrough. School started up, and I thought I was going to get better, I thought I could just stop thinking that way. I hated that it didn't just leave, and that fall was horrible. I had always imagined I would die young, for years actually, but last fall was when I began to really consider offing myself. While I eventually confessed to my mom about it, nothing changed.  

Sure, at first, it was a little better. It was a huge weight lifted off me, and at least for a few days I felt better. Every once and a while since then, my mom's asked how I was and if I wanted to do something more, but it's all just talk. Regardless of what I said, nothing more ever happened, and usually, she acts as though there's absolutely nothing wrong. Between that and her reactions to other things in my life, stupid things like where I row on my crew team or her overreacting to a complaint about a teacher, make me want to not confide in her.

When I left middle school two years ago, I left all my closest friends. Even though I'm settled into high school and know a lot of people, I don't trust them enough to really talk with them. I feel like they wouldn't understand or would end up bringing more people into the situation or would become unreasonably worried. I don't want to make them worry about me. And I do have a legitimate reason for all of that, because my absolute best friend knew, and it helped ruin our friendship. I have an unreasonable amount of guilt over my head from middle school. I prefer not to dwell on it, because I hate everything about who I was back then, and I like to think I've changed.


That's the background, and this week just brings it all back in a big way. I haven't felt this bad or this ready to just off myself in months. Its defiantly the worst day I've had in a while...and I'm afraid.

The last few months have just been getting worse and worse, with each day taking a little bit more out of me. I know that the little periods of happiness and feeling normal are shorter and less frequent. I've seen how I'm more angry, how easily I get upset, how my thoughts are much darker and more violent. I'm terrified that, out of anger or frustration or all this pent up guilt or whatever, I'm really going to hurt someone. It just makes me hate myself more, until days like this where I just have to sit and cry it all out. 

I see myself slipping all the time-I see my grades go down a bit, I see my focus leaving me, I'm always tired, I'm never really happy (I haven't been able to say I've had a good day for ages), and all my feelings are just spinning out of my control. Everything's changing, and nothing's changing at all. 

And every single time I look at my friends, and i see how happy they look, I just feel as though I can't do anything but put on a fake smile and pretend to be ok. I don't know what I'll do when we get to the suicide unit. I feel so uncomfortable, because I know I have a problem and I don't see any other way to fix it. I hear people say it's cowardly and that they're selfish, but they don't get it....I've hated myself...how i look, how i talk, how i think even...for years. I've never been good enough in anything I've done, and I don't think I ever will be...and I just dont see how i can move forward in life like this. 

It hurts. Every time I get a second to be alone, any moment I'm not distracted by something frivolous and i can think, all the depression seems to come back and hit me. Whenever it does i just want to take a bullet, to jump off some building, to just end it so i wont have to deal with it anymore and the world can move on. 

I know I'm ranting forever, but I really needed to just ramble out my life. I have such a great life, but it just doesnt make me happy. i just....i dont know. there are certainly people worse off than me, but i just needed it. reading over the comments in here, i can tell how kind and generous you all are, and it makes me tear up a bit that there are still good people out there...