Advice please- long post ahead 

Hi. Sorry if this is a bit long but I am DESPERATE

So I have a long track history with mental health issues. I am also physically disabled. I didn’t explicitly tell anyone this when I moved in, but I use a walking stick.

I moved into a shared house last month. I was very careful where I moved and chose an estate that felt safe; living with two girls of a similar age with lots common so thought it would be a good match. 

A week into it things started to go wrong. The eldest, G, has a way of communicating very different from mine. She was nagging at me and using a lot of passive-aggressive language when talking. I felt like she was talking down to me, and found myself getting angry because I'm a grown-ass adult and know how to take bins out etc.

We had friction about a sofa, which made things tense because I wanted the sofa and she didn't because she already has her 'special' armchair. She didn’t understand why I need a sofa close to the TV (spoiler: my boyfriend is partially sighted, and my vision isn't great either. I told her this.)

When lockdown hit we talked about not seeing our boyfriends, as everyone lives in shared houses. The youngest, M, said she wanted to still see hers and told me to do the same. I said no and she left. We haven't really spoken since but I know she has been seeing him and has also been to Wales. 

I’ve been trying to make peace by baking, and up social ideas, so we can all get to know each other. When I suggested a movie night, M said she did not want to hang with us and took her things from the shared space.

I've been struggling since sofa-gate, plus I'd already been falling behind at work and taking sick days. I knew I couldn't keep this up. My paranoia was awful at this point, being convinced someone’s tampering with my food and being scared someone is watching/following me. I didn’t tell them because I didn’t know/trust them.

Saturday I accidentally opened a package of M's thinking it was mine and text her to say so. 

Sunday our landlord came to visit, and I was to clean my things in the living room beforehand. I overslept and woke up in a panic. I went downstairs with a massive apology to both G and the landlord but M was not home. 

After this, I fell asleep. I woke to texts from G nagging and from M about the mail. M lost it with me, I apologised and offered a replacement. She said I was crossing a line and it was a complete lack of respect. She also berated me for not cleaning my belongings for the landlord.

I then texted G asking if she was angry at me for not cleaning; she was.

After many texts, I decided it was the final straw. My thoughts were impossible to silence and I called 111.

Fast forward and I am staying at my boyfriend's. I got a text from G about a missing Tupperware. She later sent a photo of it in the bin saying "I hope this picture helps everybody to remember". This led to me telling them what happened and that receiving massive angry texts is a trigger for me. If we have something to say, we call a house meeting.

G said that I should have told them before I moved in that I've mental health issues because she has a family with similar issues and she “didn’t sign up for this”. M chimed in and agreed.

I said to stop texting me and they could call me if they needed me. They kept texting me, and the next day asked about my plans. I told them I don't owe them that. They then contacted the landlord.

I am really fucking angry.