I just don't know anymore.It's like I don't even know why I'm here - in this place called Earth. I feel as if I don't belong here. My thoughts and beliefs are such, that they would easily sway anyone and everyone to hate and want to kill me. What if I just end it? I know better what to do out of here than in here. I know, that I'm not supposed to go to the light. Don't ask how I know this, I just do. There is nothing appealing to me. At least nothing, that would make me want to live here again. All this nonsense of western society, which I'm forced to live in... Going to school and then go to work and all that. Fuck that. All of it is either boring or illogical and devoid of truth and meaning. It's all daft and empty. Why? Why am I here? Why are all of us here? Is there a reason? Or are we just an accident? If there is a reason, then I don't see one good enough for me to stay here any longer. What is the fucking objective of me struggling through my life, just being a pawn in the grand play of the universe? Why not just move on? Is there a reason why I shouldn't other than my family being sad because of my absence? What if it's not really like we lose the people that die? What if they're still around, but we just can't see them, seeing as what we can see is but a fraction of the light spectrum of this reality. What if they just stand around and wait for us to acknowledge them? What if my father is right there by my side, waiting for me to somehow discover my psychic abilities or something and talk to him?...
What the fuck even is this reality? Why does everything need to kill everything else to live? That is supremely fucking cruel. I just don't know anymore. Everything that happens is just out of my comprehension and I can't get a grip on my life, while I see everyone else managing their lives. Everyone else seems to be smarter, more cunning, more adaptable to life, while I just rot and go nowhere. I don't want to be here. I'm still here just because my family would feel bad about me dying. But why is that a thing anyway? Why does this thing - death - exist?...
Those are all philosophical questions, but I... I just don't know anymore. Don't know nothing. About anything. Is this reality even real? Or is it just a fantasy? Is the earth round, flat or concave? I don't even know what the place I live in looks like. Can't trust anybody, with anything. I'm just thinking, that it'd be way easier to just end it all in some way. I live on the 8th floor. Pretty big chances I won't survive the fall. But there's also a 300m building with free admission, if I feel really unsure. Just... I don't know why I'm writing this. I don't think anyone saying anything is gonna convince me that this life in this reality is of any value. But yeah. Here's my thoughts. Like it or not. I don't care. 