I really don't like living on this world anymore, I feel like I was born on the wrong planet.So let me just begin with something about myself. I'm 21 years old and have a weak form of pdd-nos Tourette and adhd these are al forms of autism. Thanks to different types of training I learned how to act "normal" around people. Almost none of the people that know me know about this and assume I'm a normal guy. 
But thanks to these mental illnesses I am horrible at containing contacts and really have no friends at all. I don't like to go out in the evening so most of the time I sit in my room doing nothing. 


Normally I don't have very much feelings for others I can't place myself in their position I just miss certain types of feelings. On the other side the feeling I do have are much stronger. I can't get mad but I do get sad and when I get sad I get in a huge dip which I hide to others. Further more I began to hate all the people here on this planet, everything is about having sex or being better than others. A year ago I met a girl online we met up and became bf and gf. A while later she broke up with me because I don't have much friends and she didn't like my personality. Now I have met another girl online and we met up, it was al going good and we decided to meet up again, that was yesterday. She came to my bedroom and we decided beforehand that we would watch a movie. We watched it snuggled together and kissed. It made me really happy to finally feel someone against me again. After the movie she went home and I was really happy. Well then today she texted me that I was to soft I was a really bad kisser and it basically came down that she wanted to have sex but I was to much of a whoosh for her. She still says she likes me but I think she just likes my looks (I'm not an ugly guy). 


I know this doesn't sound as bad as many stories here but the combination of not having any friends. People assuming I do have a lot of friends, constantly pretending to be someone I'm not, beeing alone a lot and hating all the people around me. I keep getting fantasys of putting a gun against my head and just quit this meaningless life. 


Everything i do is meaningless. I only meet girls that like me for my looks. I don't have any friends. I am alone allot trapped with my own stupid thoughts and when people catch a glimpse of the real me I get ridiculed laughed at or teased, I am forced to be someone I am not and have to fake allot of emotions I dont have. I just began to hate living on this defiled world.

