I don't want to live anymore.So, it actually took alot out of me right now to suck it up and write this. I honestly thought, and was told for 2 years, that I am a stronger person than this. I feel ashamed that its come to this, but I think I just have to get help from........someone......anyone.......anything.

My life was great until a month and a half ago. I was genuinely happy, and I saw a great future for myself. I had a wonderful girl, and although we were doing long distance (explained later), I really felt like we were perfect together, and hell, maybe we still are. anyway, a month and a half ago, she tells me she wants to "make sure we're right for each other", so she says we need a "break". it was so sudden to me, and I freaked out. I've been depressed ever since, and thoughts of suicide started after I said a few things that I shouldnt have. These suicidal thoughts wont go away, they just get more and more intense. I just don't see whats worth living for anymore. She openly admitted to everyone about this new guy shes seeing (who is a carbon copy of me actually) and I just dont see a point of life anymore. I physically and emotionally don't want to go on living. I cant deal with the pain. I know I should be stronger than this, but I cant deal with it in the right way. I think I would have been better off if she didnt do it this  way to me. its the how of the whole situation that is pushing me this far. I'm fighting every urge to not either buy a gun and put a bullet in my brain, or to go to the railroad tracks and wait for the next train to take my head off. I really am. I dont know what to do anymore. I dont know how to handle this, and I dont know what Im going to do. Im beginning to not care anymore, and the thought of ending it all is becoming more and more appealing to me. 

This whole buisness began when I was dating this girl, her parents were crazy (stepmom and dad, no mother in the picture), and they really oppressed her and me, especially together. we went through alot. more than i want to explain, but I stuck with this girl through all of it, being there. She finally moved far away, with her aunt to get away from her crazy parents, and I told her to do that. now, for some reason, shes turning her back on me. shes being a bitch, even though i know shes not. thats what hurts the most. 

I dont know what to do. this has rocked me to my core, and for the first time in my life, I dont know what to do, and I am wishing for death more than ever. I just dont want to live anymore. its too painful

**TL;DR**- My girl broke up with me (even though we had a stronger connection than I've ever seen before) in a terrible way, and I cant fight the thought of suicide any longer. I'm not sure if I should give in or not. 