When your mother is the reason for your suicide plans.I don't know where to start or how to organize what I'll write so there might not be a linear line in this text.  

I have one little brother and one sister. As the children of the family, we have been severely abused. Both psychologically and physically(now that we are grown no more beatings).  I am 22, my sis is 20, and the little one is just 10 years old.

Now the main issue of the household, our parents. I cannot even begin to explain the situation we're in because lately it's become so intense I can't even organize my own thoughts. And always being depressed and suicidal does not help. But I do know that what I feel and what I think are caused by my parents, mainly by my mom. Anyway, I'll try to hint some things.

She is 44, really a simple woman, grew up in a village until the age of 15-16 and moved to the city while still young. And bam, she married at 20. Now, the man she married is no different from her, but he is absent every day and comes home late at night so we don't speak that much. This makes life a little easier, but the hate they have for each other spread through us. 

For our financial situation, I can't say we are poor but let me give an example. I recently went through a rhinoplasty operation(I needed it, believe me). I didn't know we could afford it because it is expensive to anyone in this country really. But when my mom, surprisingly accepted the idea and we fixed my nose. So, what's the catch? My mom helped me right? Not so fast. Little did I know that she never had the money. She took a nasty, nasty loan from the  bank without speaking to anyone. Literally the  only person knows this is me other than her. Hell, if pups learn it they would fight like crazy. Now let's have a look at this situation. Obviously this makes me feel like absolute shit. Knowing that we are in crazy debt and thinking I am the responsible here. 

Now let's talk about my brother, because hell, I care about him more than I care about anything. 

He might be the brightest child I've ever seen, he is kind, reasonable, and he works his ass off to manage the expectations of his abusive parents, AND  he puts up with mom's yelling and shouting. Most of the time she use bad words while speaking to him. So I can see his confidence is vanishing day by day.  Just before I decided to type this, something happened. 

His online class was just finished, mom went and sit by him. All of a sudden started to shout like "how can you not know this, how can you embarrass me like that." This was too painful for me to listen because I went through the same as a child. So, I went into the room and asked her to stop. She then said "Make me." 

Now, the absolute absurdity of this situation makes me want to throw up. But given the excess amount of events similar to this and maybe worse, makes the situation quite normal for my family. 

For my medical condition, I haven't been diagnosed with something really. At least psychologically, but I do feel like shit, and I do want to be dead most of the time. I know this piece of text is literally shit too because I can't think straight anymore.

Anyway, I have memories from all my childhood. And I don't know how it sounds but I feel like there isn't ANY good memory in them. I can't and will not kill myself because I want to have good memories with my brother and I want to have a good life. I believe after I've finished college and start working as an academic I'll have a good life. I have hope.