Someone please read. Just turned 21. Depression took my friends and my life. I will be committing suicide in the near future. I am an inherently bad person who needs to be killed.This happened last month and I've lost all my friends over this. My dog passed away in my arms 10 days later. I spiraled down into not wanting to live. I need to know if I'm a victim, or playing the victim. These incidents spurred a deep depression and ruined my 21 plans; I slept from noon to 9.

Me and A (not the abuser) reconnected after HS. Went to B (abuser)'s house. She is drunk. I'm sitting on the couch, I hear yelling and turn, she's completely topless and charges at me, jumps on me and lays on me. Everyone laughs. After 10-15 minutes no one talks to me or says anything about what happened. B gets angry drunk and I want to lighten the mood by playfighting her. 

I didn't know at the time, but she was blackout drunk. My intentions were to have a drunken rolling/BJJ match I do at my other friend's house all the time.

The entirety of the "playfight" is on camera. I expect her to just playfully hit me and wrestle with me, I'm trying to have just a little bit of fun, I was in a bad headspace. She's hitting me full force. Mind you she's 210ish pounds and I'm 170. Once I realized she was punching me for real and wouldn't stop, I say "leg kicks!" and she kicks me so hard I buckle. She doesn't quit hitting me so I roll around on the ground with her. Next "round" starts and she continues hitting me as hard as she could (the sound was like punching your palm), and off camera I say 3 times "no headhunting!" a.k.a stop trying to punch me in the face. At one point in the video I realize she's not going to stop hitting me for real, so I took it to the ground again and had to put her in a triangle choke for real because I don't wanna do this anymore. Everyone is laughing and recording and I'm getting actually hurt, and I have to laugh as well, but I felt alone and hurt, and I got blackout drunk for the first time ever, after 6 years of illegal alcohol consumption.

I know that trying to playfight with a volatile drunk individual is a dumb decision. I trusted this person because we've known each other for 8ish years. In my mind, regardless of if it was a bad idea in hindsight, it is completely inappropriate to hit someone as hard as you possibly can. I have a lot of pictures of the bruises, one of them was orange-sized and deep purple, and that arm was sprained.

Anyway. I decide to speak up about feeling violated, so I tell A, who tells B within 5 minutes. A tells me that B didn't 5exually assault me. She says "it's the same as a guy taking his shirt off and jumping on me, why didn't you do anything, you need to drop your victim mentality." Today I learned she changed her tune by saying that B was only wearing a sports bra. She also says it was my fault because "you said you wanted to fight". I don't get why the fuck you would want to fight a drunk girl in her own apartment. I just wanted to have fun, she wanted to hurt someone. C is a close friend who at first saw the video, and he said "you can tell when you're not having fun." Today he texts me calling me selfish and arrogant (for speaking up about the situation, most likely) and says the ordeal was "your fault by provoking a blackout drunk woman."

I really, really hate to put it this way, but if the genders were reversed, I can't help but feel this would be different.

I have no friends anymore because of my decision to speak up about this, and for being overbearing with the 5uicidal thoughts this kind of 5exual and physical trauma brought upon me (I have PTSD from both kinds of abuse) - I've effectively drained everyone because it's put me under such emotional duress.

Everyone is telling me it's not a big deal and that it was my fault I got physically injured. A even said "you're 6 foot, why didn't you do anything?". I have no idea what's up or down and my mind is running in circles. I feel like a bad person.

I just don't know if I'm in the wrong here and playing the victim. I hate myself and all my friends are gone.

No one just ups and leaves their friend like that. And talking about all their private information... it's a small town and I've made my mark as a horrible fucking person. I want to die.