my life is StIlL a messi can't cope, still. this post will be much more organized than my last one. i honestly cannot be bothered detailing but pretty much, my family left me in a storm with hail and 80km winds two hours away from home because everyone forgot to tell me plans had changed. i was furious, no one could pick me up. after an angry conversation on the phone with my father, i got home, we argued and after he smugly told me "it wasnt my fault" i called him a piece of shit and stormed off. get a text the next day from my nan, turns out when i left for school he completely trashed my room. i call my mother to ask what the fuck happened. she tells me that because i didnt apologize for calling him a piece of shit, he has kicked me out. after a long conversation where she tells me it's my fault, my attitude, im hard to live with, i'm unloving and uncaring and selfish and this has been coming for a long time, im not saying you DESERVE this but it's karma, you're horrible to everyone and you hide away from the family etc, i am forced to agree to come home and apologize if i want to stay there - and he might not even let me stay there if i apologize. 
i get home, he's not there. go to my room, he's pushed my desk over, snapped it in half, pulled all my clothes out the closet, threw my homework around, pulled my bed apart and chucked stuff on it, completley trashed the room. i then have to start cleaning up my room he trashed. i still havent managed to finish it, like two weeks later because it hit a nerve and im in a depressive episode. i just don't know anymore. i cant get my homework done because home is horrible and overwhelming. i cant work knowing my room is a mess but i have no energy to clean. i cant concentrate in school, i sleep like 8 hours but it's empty sleep. i binge eat to compensate for the emptiness i feel. i cant afford any clothes - he ruined my clothes and i have no pants anymore. just four shirts, three dresses. a couple of sweaters and jackets. most of these are too small, and i feel disgusting wearing them.

im just so done. it's not even a sad done. it's just a numb, let me stare at the roof and just feel and think nothing done. i don't care anymore. i really don't. im so tired. i don't even know where this post is going. im just tired. so tired. i couldn't stay awake in school today. I slept a solid eight hours and i still feel shit. i cant afford food either. i just don't know. im so sorry for clogging up the feed. i just dont know. i feel hopeless.