please help. seriously. i need help.already posted on another subreddit sorrry

 

hiello

noticed my post isn't been seen in the new section so i dont know whats stopping it from being seen and i suspect its them

please for the love of god someone respond. please.

posted on another subreddit already. not under the same account.

i have diagnsoed major depressive disorder and a personality disorder which i wont disclose.

i was just writing this fucking post and i turned my head because someone knocked my door and then it disappeared

my  best friend walked out on me a week ago. i tried to kill myself.  combined overdose.  was taken to hospital by family. survived.

this is going to sound weird im sorry

i  cant sleep. i cant eat. i cant drink. i have no sex drive and no  motivation. i feel COMPLETELY FUCKING EMPTY and nothing at all is  distracting me or making me even fucking normal. i dont feel like im the  person i am meant to be. i **HAD**  to take 4mg xanax last night to just be able to go to fucking sleep and  i still had difficulties and I STILL HAD THE NIGHTMARES I DIDNT WANT TO  HAVE.

i know that my friend has  been talking to people about me including a higher authority and i think  the higher authority is trying to contact me. i had an email last night  \*at the same time i was thinking about this\* which was titled and i  shit you fucking not 'tick tock tick tock'. what the fuck does that  mean.

ive been told that in order  to make things better again and to be able to get my friend back i have  to go to a certain place but i dont know where. i need to use  newspapers, page numbers and line numbers. theyll tell me, and theyve  said that whatever lines i need to know, i will already know, and i can  make note of their number and correspondance with the page number. i  dont know if what is going on right now is real if they have actually  abandoned me or if i need to be able to turn back time somehow but i  know im the only person who is able to do that.

i  need to know how to get them to stop talking about me to other people.  ive lost my friendship group too. im alone, feel i need to be alone but  dont want to be alone. i just want to go back to how things were i  fucking want my best friend back he was the best thing that ever  happened to me and i need them back. i wont ever find anyone like them  ever again and i dont know if i believe what they say about there are  plenty of other people like them in the world. i wont find them again i  know i wont find them again BUT I NEED TO.

im  starting work on the newspapers today but ive been told i cant tell my  therapist or my psychiatrist because they wont let me find them again.

i  just want to not feel this way anymore. i am like a deflated balloon  all the time. ive lost, since last week. apparently ive lost two  kilograms since last week. but everytime i eat i feel sick (and  sometimes i feel like the food is the thing thats keeping me in this  situation somehow).

please help i  cant go to anyone else i need to stay anonymous and ask anonymous people  about what to do how do i stop being depressed i need to stop now.

please for the love of god someone respond. please.

&amp;#x200B;

i need to be out of this thing so feel i need to kill myself and can do so quickly but the burden it would bring upon my parents is a guilt i wouldnt be able to bear with even dead. please help