I am done. I just overdosed and am ending my life. Fuck this world and everything in it.I am 37, renting a room from my aunt who lives in an apartment complex and She put on the lease I don't get income which I do get income from SSD. I get $770 a month from Social security for PTSD which makes it unable for me to work.

I have no car, no other family, no friends and no rental history except for my aunt and the landlord of the apartment complex. 
I try applying for my own apartment but they demand rental history which means telling the landlord in the apartments we live in I have income and am trying to apply for apartments elsewhere under my name.

I was trying to save for a car last year and had 2500 saved, my aunt knew this and went out and rented a tv from a furniture store for her son to have who is 32 years old has no income no job, has no issues and was even in the national guard army. but quit when his contract was up. He refuses to work. 

My aunt knew I was trying to save for a car but went and got a tv and then blackmailed me into buying off the tv or I had to leave. Knowing I have arthritis in my entire body and can't walk 2 miles or be homeless so I paid off the 800 dollar tv. 

I then went out said fuck it because I had 3000 saved but was down to 2500 and then down to 1800 dollars because of my aunt blackmailing me out of my savings. I went out and bought the first car I seen from a dealership which in turn I got scammed and the engine was bad. The car was sold as is and is too old to file for lemon law.

My aunt scammed me out of my dads car, she changed the will to leave the car to her instead of me had my dad sign it telling him it was hospital papers. so she ended up getting his car. which she gave to her son. He tore the car up. it needs over 3000 dollars of mechanic work done to it, there is so many cracks and holes in the frame of the body from him. It barely runs as it is now. My aunt went out and got a 2016 jetta vw diesel for her son and is taking the 300 a month I give her for rent and putting it towards the car payment of that car each month and the car she gave him, he gave it to his mom/my aunt. which she now has my dads car and I still have nothing. 

So here I am trying to apply for apartments and can't because she told the office here that I have no income and when I apply for apartments they want recent landlord and if I use this one here they will know I am getting income and then will either kick me out or sue me for backpay rent. So all in all I am fucked every which way I go. 

I can't leave here because I can't survive on the streets with my body and the arthritis in it that cripples me from my lower back, hips, knees, ankles and feet. 

I can't get an apartment because of my aunt fucking me over telling the landlord here I have no income. 

I can't get a car because I don't get enough in payment and trying to save is very difficult. I am supposed to have 600$ saved but I have nothing saved. my aunt blackmailed me out of the 600$ I have saved for the past 3 months. 

I literally can't take it anymore so I am about to end my life. good bye. I can't do this anymore. 