After using Shrooms for the first time, I truly want to kill myself.I tripped on them yesterday. 12 months ago I was introduced to LSD. I tripped 3 times, one time per month, for 3 months. It was great, I loved it so much. For those of you who have used it before, you know how it can be. Simply beautiful. It helped me so much.

I decided if I'm going to continue using psychedelics it would be best to space it out for many reasons. My friend came across some Magic Mushrooms and I was highly interested considering they're known to help treat depression.

It's been 8 months now since I've used anything and I felt I was ready to trip again. I went in with a good mindset in a comfortable setting. I took 2.5 grams, it hit me fast and hard. All was good at first. That familiar psychedelic feel was there, music sounded deep and emotional, fractals were rotating, it felt like I was melting. It was very comforting.

About an hour in everything went to shit. It was so strange. Visuals were gone, music sounded flat and dull, no body high. I was instantly overwhelmed with self hate, guilt, anxiety, fear and loneliness. It was so fucking awful. I can't even describe how discomforting it was. I wanted so badly for it to be over.

I suppress my emotions and feelings, so I feel the trip was an amplification of those things and it threw it all at me at once in the worst way possible. I was highly considering killing myself just so it would stop.

I feel the worst mistake I made was tripping on a unfamiliar substance when I've been having suicidal thoughts for 3 weeks now prior. I've never been suicidal up until 3 weeks ago. I thought I would be okay and I would be able to work through some things, however, I didn't realize in the moment those suicidal thoughts were in the back of my mind.

I honestly can't take it anymore. Those amplified feelings of hate stayed with me after the trip and it's really pulling me down. Suicide has constantly been on my mind since using. I can't stop thinking just how quick and easy this will be. I ask myself if this is what I really want, but I just don't care anymore.