On may 23rd I attempted again but failed and now I can't face the consequencesSo here's what I did wrong.

I had a plan. I've been having one for months, years even. I wrote letters, texts put in drafts to send out at the last moment. I was supposed to be home alone for at least 5 hours. 

I researched a lot on how to do it. I was almost set on the night-night method because of how painless it claims to be. I even got the right materials. 

But every time I thought about it I backed out, it felt like I was actively violating myself. I thought no one would understand. 

It felt psychologically easier for me to deeply cut myself since I already cut, and take a whole bottle of Valium for good measure (I was already on it so I had easy access). It felt to me like no one would be surprised to find me bloodless in the shower since almost everyone knows I cut myself, it's as if they almost expect me to do something like that. 

My whole family was at a birthday party, which I didn't go to with the excuse that I needed to research something for a very important job I would have to do the following week. 

So first I took the Valium, which of course had the effect of numbing my emotions. All I felt was dizziness, dread, like I was already on my way out. I cut myself deeply, to the point where I had a "fuck what have I done" moment. But I believe Valium didn't make me see it clearly, since now I realize they were not deep enough. It would have seemed like an accident, even for me. 

And then my brother came home because he forgot his fucking allergy medication and was worried I was nowhere in the house. 

He found me and called 911 and from then on all I could feel is cold and I couldn't coordinate my movements. For a moment I thought "cool, I'm finally dying". 

I am now in hospital. Again. I sent those texts that were only meant to be sent if I wasn't around to face their consequences and now I can't face the people I love after what I told them. They keep me sedated most of the time and only allow my phone 2hrs a day. So if anyone asks and I don't get back to them that's why. 

I don't know what is the moral of this story. I would like to tell you there will never be a next time. But I don't know.

But I guess I'm gonna gather the courage to at least to it in a foolproof way.