I just need to express thisWhen I keep it in my head it feels like it's just bouncing around bruising my insides, when I express it it's like I'm letting it out to hurt something else in the world that's stronger and can handle it. Then when I feel better I can take someone else's problems from them for a while, but I wont be able to do that if I cant help myself first.

My therapist was out of town last week, during finals week. School has always made me incredibly suicidal and had been the number one contributor to attempts. It's hard to schedule medication appointments and my psychiatrist never does the math right on my antidepressants so I always run out weeks early before I can speak to her again. I got a D in my calculus class because I knew the professor let's students off easy but now she won't reply to my messages and I feel like I was a complete ass. I've been missing my meetings for assisted employment because I know how suicidal working makes me and I dont trust myself and I just feel so trapped. Looking at how I'm going to pay for school, how I'll get kicked out if I dont get a job soon, my vision is getting worse by the day and I'm scared about what I'll find if I get it checked out.

 I just feel miserable and stuck in a capitalistic hellscape where the rich fear loosing money for incredible small levels of status for owning a certain car or art piece that they dont even want. While they waste life changing amounts of money on things just to impress others for no more than a minute, I'm struggling to afford medication and schooling that is required for me to be a good slave to the wealthy. There are kids my age able to afford my biggest dreams of going to college and eating  healthy and they blow their money off on price inflated things just for convenience. 

My family only keeps me around so they can use me, having friends is torture on my anxiety and just makes me feel worse, society only wants to use me. I feel so damn alone, like the only one who I can be close to and love is myself, and myself wants to fucking die. 

I just wish nothing ever existed, everything died before it had to experience anything.