I can’t tell anyone the real reason I’m suicidal.I was recently put in a psych ward for the suicidal because I was stupidly dropping major hints that I planned to kill my self in hopes that I could ask for help without destroying my pride.

When I was put in there, my family blamed it on Prozac, seeing as one of its side effects is suicidal thoughts.

I’ve talked to therapist after therapist and I told them all the same thing.

But I haven’t told anyone why I really wanted to kill myself. Not even my closest friends.

The real reason I wanted to die was because of a girl.

I know it sounds stupid, but hear me out.

I had known this girl for years, and have had a HUGE crush on her from the second I was introduced to her.

Many years went by, she had moved back and forth a few times.

When she came back this time, I confessed my feelings for her. She said the feelings were mutual, but she wasn’t ready for a relationship yet, seeing as she had just gotten out of a bad relationship. I made sure to let her know that I understood, and planned to respect that.

About a month goes by and she is very flirty with me. Touching me, writing me little notes, making fun of eachother, sending me hearts, etc.

However, just when I think I’m getting somewhere, she gets back together with her ex.

They were all over eachother. Their social media’s filled with posts about eachother, and going on and on about eachother. The works.

Now not only was I fucked sideways in this situation, but she still keeps me just close enough so that these feelings can’t go away. And she still does all the flirty things she did when she was single.

She is the only girl I’ve ever had feelings this strong for. I can’t help but love her.

But after a month and a half of this, It didn’t sting as bad, it just made me very depressed and sick.

I was starting to get over my suicidal feelings. The psych ward really helped me realize a lot. 

However, all of those feelings rushed back after we hung out.

We grabbed a pizza, watched a movie, made eachother laugh, and went for a walk in the autumn leaves.

She looked absolutely amazing. She made me happy. The entire time I was with her, I didn’t have a single worry. Nothing else mattered. It felt like I was in heaven.

It was then I realized how much I actually love her. 

She told me she loved me, but it felt so hollow, as if it barely meant anything to her. I just felt so empty knowing how disposable I am.

We talk often, and she says she considers me her best friend. I obviously play along, but she means far more to me than any friend ever has.

We talk almost every day, we hangout at least once a week, and she still acts as flirty as she used to, but I know it’ll never go anywhere.

It’s sad to say, but I put all my eggs in one basket, and somebody stole it.

I know I sound really pathetic, but that’s why I lied to everyone. I’m ashamed that she is the reason I wanted to end my life.

Don’t get it wrong, I have a life outside of her. I have friends and family and hobbies and things to be proud of, but it feels like none of that matters without her.

I’m truly a piece of shit, but I guess that’s why I’m saying this to strangers on the internet.