Constant 24/7 Feeling HopelessI am so sick of feeling super depressed, mixed with anxiety and hopelessness. I'm 19, dropped out of my first year of college in November, spent all my money on college, which I was super excited for.

I have no friends, the friends I had in my hometown I lost when I was at college, and I lost the friends I made at college when I moved back home. 

I have no one to talk to, I don't think I ever felt like I had a best friend to talk to. I never felt like I was really included in anything. I feel excluded in this game we call life. 

Ever since I dropped out, I've been feeling like crap everyday, I feel like a failure, and not because of dropping out of college, but who I am. I fucking hate myself, every decision I made, everything leading up to the present I regret.

I fucking hate life. I feeling like this everyday. Right now I just have a part time job, that's the only thing going on in my life. And when I'm not working, I just want to sleep, and when I can't sleep, I just want to get fucked up (getting super high or getting drunk or both). The money I would make from my job I would buy weed, because weed is the only thing that would make me feel happy and enjoy things.

I feel like I have nothing to live for. This is the second time I've felt this hopeless in my life. First time was when I was 13, and 6 years later here I am again, stuck with my stupid brain with its stupid thoughts stuck in this stupid worthless person.

EVERYTIME something good happens in my life, it's gets destroyed. I just give up trying right now. I don't care if I sleep and never wake up again. I don't care if a airplane crash landed on top of me right now.

I feel like I will never ever find happiness, and I would rather feel nothing right now.

Today I've literally spent like 22 hours in bed today. I have no motivation to do anything because I can't see myself being happy.

I can't remember the last time I was truly happy. I can't remember when I genuinely enjoyed life. I can't remember what it feels like to wake up and not hate life or myself. I can't remember feeling like a actual human on this Earth.

All I remember is pain. All I remember is darkness, I can't see any light.

I literally have no talent, I am good at nothing, I can't ammount to anything. Because I am this useless person, who will never have a career. Or a life. 

All I want to do right now is curl in my bed, fall asleep, and hope to never wake up again. I 