It's all reaching a point where it needs to endWhats up. My name's Séan, I'm 21 and I have bipolar. So I've been fighting depression for about 15 years (started early because of my parents divorce, my dad molested me. All that shit that kids shouldn't be dealing with) I currently work about 15 hours a day in a job thats guaranteed to make it all worse. I live in a shed on the same property as my mom and step dad. I just thought that maybe someone would like to hear my story. Maybe it could help someone else. I'm currently sitting on my bed thinking about how it all went so wrong. I haven't eaten in 2 days because i just don't have an appetite. Even if i did I can't afford food anyway. I want to phone my girlfriend but she just broke up  and told me to hang myself. I mean what do you do when the only person who you ever thought actually loved you tells you that you should go hang yourself? So lets see what my life has been to get here. I started working when i was 13 because my parents just couldn't be bothered with me. I was an accident and they've never done anything to show me otherwise. I started street fighting to earn extra cash to feed myself and get clothes and what not. I had to pay my step dad rent because he spends all his money on booze( abusive alcoholic). I was forced to drop out of high school in my final year because he refused to "support me" and kicked me out and unfortunately I couldn't afford to live and pay for schooling. I moved in with my sister and found out she's a complete narcissist with bipolar. Only thing our mom ever gave us. I developed an extreamly bad drug addiction should've killed me. My sister never found out because she did what she had to do and i did the same. She kicked me out because her and I don't get along very well and her boyfriend absolutely hated me. I then moved in with my real dad who's also an alcoholic, abusive and just an all round sack of shit. So I stayed with him for a bit till he got drunk and swung at me and unfortunately I will not be abused. So I left and i walked about 85KM to my friends house. I get there and I phone my mom to see if i can stay there for the night just so i can get some sleep. She says yes and I stay the night and then discuss staying there again temporarily till I can get a job and get on my two feet. I got a job everything was going great. Had my own place I got a promotion met the girl of my dreams. Until the owner of the company sold out and the new owner didn't like me. So they got rid of me. I lost my apartment, i lost everything. Came crashing down. Then it all spiraled again into drugs and alcoholism. Girlfriend broke up with me. I slept in mt childhoods dog house because I had nowhere else to go. I became a bartender ( because thats all you can do in my country without a matric) did that. I was eventually doing molecular mixolagy at a fancy bar. Making pretty good cash. Then it all went away. Owner of the bar closed the bar and left. A couple months later I meet the girl who just broke up with me. She pretty much does whatever she can for me to lead a better life. She forces me to move in with her and her mom and her bro. I stayed there for about 8 months and for the first time in years i was happy again. Like truely happy then her mom kicks us out. We move into our own place and stayed there for a bit. Till we couldn't afford to live there anymore so I begged my mom to let me stay in the shed again and she agreed as long as i pay rent. So i do any work I can to survive till I meet the guy who i work for now. He made it sound like the dream job. I can do what i want in my field of choice( which is programming) the salary isn't great but hey if i work hard I'll get a promotion withing 3 months because they were looking to replace the manager of the department I'm working in. So i say cool easy 8-6 job in a field i love. So i jump in full force. I clock in about 40 hours of over time a week. Which i don't get paid for. They subtract huge amounts of money from my salary due to "short time" but i dont ever take off from work. The managers make it hell for all the people working under them. So i hate going to work. I hate myself for getting into this situation where I am stuck in this place of my life with only 1 escape. Everyone I've ever loved has only destroyed me. Everyone who's supposed to love me or claims to love me has only hurt me and thrown me into the dirt to rot. I've been through it all. From constant bullying at school to being molested. I've been through it and I've survived this. I don't know what you guys are going through but I'm sure that you are strong enough to get through it. If not try reaching out to someone. Unfortunately I'm not strong enough. When i tried reaching out there was no one who would listen. 

Thank you for reading my story people of Reddit. 