A letter to my older self if I ever live long enough to see itHey, not sure you/I will ever see this, considering, my life may end very soon. I'll read this again when i graduate, even though that'll be years from now. 
Life has been hard, you know it. Life has always been hard. But, if you survive, it shows thats you're strong. Remember the time when you sat at that desk, holding a knife in your hand, ready to end it all, but your cat was there. Remember when she knocked the knife out of your hand and to the floor and cuddled up to you, rubbing her nose to your face to wipe your tears. Remember the times when you were self harming and listening to music and baby dont cut came on and you dropped your blade and started bawling, thinking how your then girlfriend would react if your dead. Remember the day that she broke up with you, how she turned everyone you thought loved you against you, remember how she spread lies about you, remember how that night you grabbed the knife again to try to kill yourself, but you couldn't go through with it, so you ended up just self harming instead, you marked up your entire arm that day. Remember the tears you shed as you felt trapped and forced to say things you never would ever want to say, after all, you were just a kid. Remember when you were forced to tell her secrets and had a panic attack when she threatened to tell them to everyone. Remember the fear and pain you went through when you were assaulted at age 11. Remember when you were groomed by a high schooler at age 11. Remember the time your "friends" said you deserved to be assaulted, they called your a whore, they called you a slut, they said you were asking for it. Remember the literal years of torment over having dark arm hair, which is part of your culture, your race, how its something you cant control. Remember when you begged your parents for years to let you get rid of it, but they said no, because them believing their stupid theories were more important then your mental health, than you getting bullied for every single year at school. Remember how you'd cut and starve yourself at age 11. Remember how you'd give away your lunch because you "weren't hungry" even though you hadn't eaten since yesterday's breakfast. Remember when you came to a new school, and how your friend threw away all your blades and made sure you ate everyday because she was worried sick about you. Remember when in choir you were punished and not allowed to do what other kids do, not because you were actually being bad, but because you were standing weird, which was because your knee had twisted again. Remember when you fantasied about shooting or hanging yourself. Remember all the times your parents yelled at you about how they were getting rid of your cat when they knew she was your only emotional support. Remember when they turned you into the bad guy for not wanting to move again because you already changed schools more times than they did by the time you were 12. Remember how much separation anxiety you had from moving schools almost every two years. Remember all the nights you stayed up until 5 because you didn't want to have another nightmare. Remember how every night when you tried to talk to your dad about your depression, he told you how others were having it worse and i didn't have a good reason to still be "depressed". 

If you're still alive. Look at all you went through. Think about how more there is to come. Its your choice to fight the battle or not. But I doubt you'll ever read this, because you'll never exist, because I'll probably never live until age 18.