Will probably be told to suck it up and I have nothing to be sad about. But, here we go...This is going to be long, not going to lie. You can forget about a tl;dr. I will try to cut out as much as possible without losing what I am tying to convey.

Background:
I am a young female &lt;25. I am a graduate student, studying something in Human Behavior and just finished my masters and am working on a second degree which I need to actually work. The masters degree is pretty much worthless in my field. I a great at what I do, I have an internship that will basically get handed to me if I apply which would start in August.

Enter the rough patch:
I have emergency appendectomy last March. Develop several pulmonary embolisms in each lung. Almost die. Develop severe PTSD and depression. Get on meds, see a therapist and feel better. Another person in my cohort at school *Bob* helps me a lot through this time. We become best friends. I know he has feelings for me, says stuff at parties when drunk (about how he would love to have my lips on his cock) etc. I confront him, tell him it is unacceptable, we don't speak for a while but then work it out. 

One night he comes over (Beginning of December) and we are cooking and getting ready to watch "Its Always Sunny" and playing Battleshots. I drink way too much, pass out on my couch. He takes me up into my bedroom which I remember. I guess he decided to join me (he had an invitation to stay on my couch downstairs). I briefly wake up at one point and he is masturbating in my bed. I am confused and pass out again. Next time I wake up my underwear and pants are off, I am laying face down and he is trying to penetrate me. I can feel him rubbing on me and it takes me a while to realize what is going on and when I do, I throw myself off my bed and ask him wtf is going on and why my clothes are off. He throws my pants at me and curses at me saying I wanted it and leaves. I call 2 close friends in my cohort and they don't understand what I am saying so they come over. I guess I was hysterical for hours. They finally calm me down, call the cops. I go to the station they collect evidence. I do a pretext phone call. After a few weeks they call me and say they can't do anything. It was his word versus mine. He admitted to doing what he did, but said I was awake and consenting. I was not. I am under 25, have dated one person in 10 years, have kissed only 3 people in 10 years and am generally uncomfortable with affection. He said I had grabbed his butt, came on to him sexually and kept kissing him. So the police can do nothing.

School:
We are in the same cohort at school. He starts telling people what happened and that I wanted it. I go to the head of the department and tell her. She hooks me up with the sexual assault organization on campus. The girl working there is my age and great. She helps me to get him removed from my classes, and some other things set up. They try to see if they can do anything to kick him out (he has also cheated for his ex who is in the program, drinks and drives, is extremely inappropriate when drinking. ) So she, along with the department head and assoc. dean of student services see if they can do anything. They won't kick him out but I was notified he will receive some slaps on the wrists. He signed a waiver that would let me know, but I assume since he signed and is ok with letting me know, they are not that bad.

Now:
So, everyone in the program knows I was sexually assaulted. Awkward. Most of the faculty know. Super Awkward. I am angry that he gets to go on and work with people, including young adolescent females. I have to see him multiple times per week and I become hysterical when I see him. His ex supports him and is also in all of my classes and it makes me angry to sit there knowing he cheated for her and that she doesn't deserve her degree and thinks I am full of shit. I am being treated differently by students and faculty and I hate it. I hate not having my normalcy and being kind of in the background. I come home from school so anxious and depressed. 

I have been considering suicide. I am seeing the person who runs the sexual assault program on campus. I am also seeing someone who specializes in this outside of school. Still on 2 different meds for depression and anxiety. But, I am feeling done. I have my plan. Both therapists know this. But, I have not set a date or anything. I have been just trying to keep on keeping on. Yet, everyday it seems less worth it. I get sick thinking about going to classes everyday. I will be done with classes by June and I can move away for internship. I do not think I can make it until then. This whole incident makes me hate how the world works. One of my therapists made me contract for safety till Monday. I had all intentions of complying. One of the conditions was that I go see if a med change would help yesterday (Friday). So I go, and the receptionist brings me into this office and I see my therapist there, a cop, and a Dr. and thing oh, fucking shit. I know what this is since I work in the field. So they are ready to hospitalize me at that point because a friend had told the head of our department I was going to kill myself on Monday, and she called my therapist and they set up that little party for me. I convince them that I am not an immediate threat after about an hour and a half. I am still very much suicidal, but I have things I would need to take care of first and I have not had the chance to do those yet. So, I leave the state after that happens because I am angry and go up to some hot springs and just try to escape for a bit. That leads me to today. I don't know what to do. I would very much like to die. I am just tired, don't like how the world functions and just kind of done. My obligations are still keeping me here for now.

So:
Don't tell me to let Bob take away anymore than he has from me, or I will punch you.
Don't tell me there are so many people that would be hurt from me doing this.
Don't tell me that I have so much to live for and I am so young and just depressed and need to find better meds and work more at therapy.
Don't tell me that I have nothing to be mad about with them ambushing me to take me in and that it is the law (because I know.)

I am scared to go to school for being ambushed again. I have a meeting Monday morning in which I am on a committee to pick a new faculty member. Two of the 5 faculty know about this whole ordeal this weekend and I honestly do not want to go. Part of my contract was to also go see my therapist Monday after school, but I emailed her and told her that I was not going to be coming because I was holding up my end and she no longer has my trust. 


So this post is a mess. Kind of like me. I don't know what I am looking for, what I want, or the point of doing this. 