I'm not sure if I'm suicidal or not, but I need to talk...I'm not sure how much help SW will be (especially at this hour) after seeing that link on the front page about only people with "normal" problems getting help, but I'll give it a go because I wanted to turn here before I read that post to see what Reddit would say.

I wrote this about 20 minutes ago while lying in bed, then typed it up so I could share it with my girlfriend when she wakes up and with you guys.

&gt;	Sometimes nonexistence feels easier. I had to go to church today, it only made me realize even more how cult like absurd religion is. I can hardly believe people believe that stuff. My Mom seems baffled that I didn’t LOVE the experience (she was the one that forced me to go as part of a mother’s day present). It was on prayer – the sermon. If God is really omnipotent then why do you need to pray? He should know everything. The preacher posed that very question, and then dodged it by saying “Why pray if he’s not omnipotent?” Absurdity. How can I live in a time and place where (I think) 75% of my species, homo sapien (thank you Anthropology studying) believes this? Absurdity.

&gt;I’ve been laying in bed for an hour trying to sleep. Two finals tomorrow, Latin and History, which I’m severely unprepared for. It’s nearly midnight now and I have to be awake in six and a half hours. I always feel this way around finals. That would make this the 6th time, only 2 more semesters until I graduate. 

&gt;What am I going to do with my life? I hate work, I don’t feel like I belong here. On this planet, as this species, I mean. This is why I say nonexistence feels easier. That state before you’re born, y’know. I can’t do that to others. Worldly things aren’t for me, though. Except music, music and writing. It’s been months since I could make myself care. It’s been months since I’ve cried (until this very moment when I find myself transferring this from my journal to Word). It’s like an advanced form of depression. No sadness, just void. 

&gt;I love listening to music. I want to listen to music and do fun things. Video games, writing, reading, Internetting. I can’t write about music though. No knowledge, no motivation to attain that knowledge.
 
&gt;The “Real World” is going to chew me up and spit me out, and I can’t manage to care enough to prevent it, or even feel enough for the consequences. Nonexistence feels so easy. Should I see a psychiatrist? Is there even any going back (from these feelings)?

&gt;I feel more intelligent than everyone I talk to, yet I feel like I’ll contribute less. I’m not trying to be vain, I just don’t feel like I belong. I guess there’s no way to make that not sound vain. I just don’t belong here. 

Oh, and sorry if you're religious. It's just how I feel, it was pretty stream of consciousness writing. 




**Edit:** Thanks for all the kind words everyone. Really, they made me feel a lot better as this night's gone on.

I know I kind of went off on prayer and religion there, and a lot of the response reflect, but I think that was just an example of me feeling isolated and detached from the world. It's not something that makes sense to me, though the responses cleared up the feelings of people who do pray a bit. I just don't want to get hung up on that because it's not a huge issue. 

I'm headed off to try to get 3 hours or so of sleep before my exams tomorrow and I'll edit it my feelings and/or responses tomorrow. Again, thank you so much every who's responded and PM'd me. 
