Probably gonna die thanks to my parentsThis won't be long because I am dying of exhaustion but I feel I need to get it off my chest somehow. 

At age 20, I was diagnosed with severe OCD -- it was awful and kind of derailed my life, but things were manageable .. I had friends, a part-time job, some independence (I drove ..) .. my parents were never particularly involved in the intimacies of my mental health, but I felt okay living at home and I could get by.

At 24, they relocated us overseas. My dad made some not-so-great business decisions, money was kinda tight, and 5 of us moved into a tiny house where I can literally hear someone coughing downstairs through my bedroom floor.

Throw two idiotic dogs who bark at everything that moves into the mix .. and, well, you have a recipe for a nervous breakdown.

I've spent 6 years trapped inside this fucking prison. I have never sufficiently recovered from my depression to the extent where I can go out and work, and I am not a citizen here, so cannot qualify for any kind of disability payments.

I've completely forgotten what it feels like to relax. I am probably on the autistic-spectrum as well (and have ADD) and unwanted noise is completely fucking intolerable to me. Yet, I've spent every day of my life surrounded by it, at the mercy of my family, and unable to even just relax and watch a TV show or find any meaningful way to pass the time due to the cacophony that constantly surrounds me. 

It's left me completely hypervigilant and a completely broken, wreck of a person. It's made engaging in any task pointless. I go to bed every night nervously anticipating the dogs barking and waking me up. As soon as 4pm hits and I know my family will start coming home, I begin having a panic attack. I was addicted to stimulants just so I could have a little energy to get out of the house, and I would often stay up all night just for a little peace.

My health completely started to deteriorate a year ago, and I now have chronic fatigue (which really isn't surprising).

I know my family didn't deliberately do this to me, but I also know that when your child is (severely) mentally ill, you have some responsibility towards them, pending you aren't a totally shitty person. My parents were happy for me to go along and see psychiatrists, but totally divorced themselves from my life otherwise. And they blame me for everything that goes wrong: it's because I didn't stay on medication 'x' long enough, or because I didn't stick with psychiatrist 'y' long enough. Not because my living environment makes me completely miserable and has literally destroyed my health.

The funny thing is I was kind of blaze and wanted to die for such a long time .. though it was kind of a fantasy. Now, I can't run up the stairs without feeling breathless from exhaustion .. lie in bed all day feeling like I'm on the cusp of death .. and every doctor has wiped their hands of me. And, of course, my parents solution to this was to have me hospitalized and treated with ECT, which only further deteriorated my physical state.

There are so many promising new depression/anxiety treatments on the horizon .. yet, I've devolved completely past the point of being *just* mentally ill, and would give anything to get back to that. 

My parents robbed me of choices. They put me in an environment I couldn't cope in. Then blamed me when I completely deteriorated. And the sad thing is, I am probably going to die and it will be their version of events that lives on.

All I needed was a quiet room .. not luxury or possessions or anything else, just a place where I could breathe and think and be alone. I really think something that simple would have changed the course of my life. 