i fucking lost it todayi don't care about typos or formatting so i apologize ahead of time if this is hard to read, i'm just having a hard time putting this into words.

im 18 living with my 16 year old sister, mom, and her cunt of a boyfriend. they're both alcoholics and were fucking poor. my mom is a fucking immigrant from poland and has been an alcoholic for as long as i remember. she will go periods without drinking, then randomly drink for a day, pass out on the couch, and we all ignore it the next day because it's so fucking embarrassing. my parents are divorced and a few years ago this fucking asshole moved in. he's honestly in no other way can it be put, a terrible person. he's a vile fucking human being. the only reason he lives here is cause my mom is a fucking poor bitch and can't afford rent on this fucking shit house. i went to a fucking private school cause the church/my dad paid for most of it, with my mom being a maid or drinking. she's fallen down the stairs drunk and ended up in the hospital. she was caught drunk driving and had her license suspended for a year, and she still drinks. she's tried od'ing on pills. she went to rehad, recently went again, started going to aa meetings. prayed as if that fucking shit would ever help. this fucking cunt does not drink as often as she does. but today was one of those rare occasions where they were both drunk. i wake up to them arguing downstairs and him just talking shit about me and my sister, calling me a numbskull, a dick, useless, because i sit around doing nothing all day. i've been looking for a job, i'm trying to finish my online course and go to university this next semester. he's a fucking goon and has hit me once. i threatened to call the cops and in his drunken haze trying to proof he's worth shit did it himself. he then hid upstairs while my mom begged me to say it was a misdial and nothing happened. i obliged for no fucking reason other than i'm stupid. recently he drank so much he had a seizure and we had to call an ambulance and i fucking stayed on the line for god knows what reason. i hate myself everyday for not hanging up and letting that cunt die. today i ignored him as much as i can, trying not to cause a scene. a couple hours ago i hear him and my sister yelling in my mom's room. my sister said she walked in and he was choking my mom, but my mom won't admit it cause she's wasted right now and 'loves' him. i fucking lost my shit and just started yelling. it was 12-1am and we live in a shitty ass townhouse complex, everyone  could probably hear me but i didn't give a shit. i snapped. i let them both know they're fucking pieces of shit and i can't wait til they die so i can spit on there graves, i just wouldn't stop. eventually he went downstairs passed out on the couch. i know for a fact that cunt was sleeping cause we were so loud so i let him know how i feel. my mom being drunk kept defending him. this cunt has come into my room before and hit me in the head for no other reason than my door was open and i was 'eavesdropping' in this tiny house where you can hear everything with every door closed. my mom just kept asking why i don't move in with my dad. i don't want to live with my dad because i am afraid of what will happen if i leave. my dad knows nothing about what happened tonight. this has happened twice before and no one talks about it after because it's so fucking embarrassing. we try to ignore it for fuck i don't know why. i lost my shit and my sister was yelling at my mom and my mom slapped her. i fucking hit my mom in the face as hard as i could on instinct. i don't even like my sister but i fucking lost it. i couldn't process shit, i was crying, i was screaming, i don't know. we're fucking poor, i have nothing going for me other than more shit. the only reason i haven't killed myself tonight is because i'm afraid of what will happen if i leave my sister. i want to fucking murder this cunt and fucking spit on his face. he's the dumbest fucking cunt i've ever met. i haven't called the cops because i'm afraid of what will happen to my mom. she's a fucking alcoholic but the times she's not drunk i cant even compare it to when she is. it's 2 different people, opposite sides of the spectrum. i can't even talk about this shit to her when she's sober because i feel like it's an entirely different person. i can't remember a day where i haven't thought about suicide. i doubt i will ever do it cause i'm no more than a fucking pussy. i don't care about my future. none of my friends know this is going on cause they're all fucking upper-middle class who can't even comprehend a problem. they're all blessed to be given such lives and i'm piled with this shit. i fucking hate my life. even if this were all to change. if i were to win the fucking lottery i don't care anymore. i lost my fucking shit today and i honestly hope next time i snap it ends with me killing that fucking asshole then me taking my own life. i fucking hate this shit. there is honestly no reason for me to live.

tldr no

i will probably take this down in an hour cause i'm so fucking embarrassed. i don't even know why i'm submitting this shit. life is so fucking stupid. the minimal amount of joy i get from living never was and never will be worth the shit i've had to put up with. lying to my friends about missing school when my mom is just too fucking drunk to drive me. my sister lying about bruises from this fucking cunt. i'm fucking done