I don't know what to do anymore.I have dealt with depression since I was young. I'm starting to feel like it has complete control over me. I've been dealing with an ED and self harm since high school. Now, I am 21 years old and I feel like I rely on self medication with alcohol and pot and cutting. Every day for the past two months I have thought about killing myself. 

I feel like nobody depends on me except for my pets. I wish that I could just go ahead and kill myself. I don't want to be here anymore. I feel like I'm destined to fail. I'm a mess. Every year I feel like it gets worse. I lose friends and I don't make new ones.

The only thing that is keeping me alive, is the prospect of a better future and the fact that I know first hand what the people around me will go through. I wish I could die and nobody would notice. I love my family, even though we don't always get along. I love my boyfriend, even though I sometimes think he would be better off without me. I know people would "miss" me. But right now, and for the past few months, I feel unfixable. 

I hate myself. I can't concentrate on anything. I'm practically failing all of my courses this semester despite feeling like I've honestly tried to do well (even if I have not been able to work as hard as I have in the past). I can't read. I feel like everything I create is complete garbage. I can't fucking do anything right and I'm such a fucking mess that my friends would probably rather not hear about it. I feel out of control. I feel like I can't snap myself out of this funk. I have tried to be more honest about how I've been feeling to the people who I think would care... but it feels like nobody cares. I would think that being honest with the people who care about me would make them care more. I feel like I've tried... but everybody has their own lives I guess.

I tried to make an appointment with my universities counseling service, but I called weeks ago and got put on a waitlist for an appt. I have an appointment with my psych in my hometown on Monday to talk about how things have been going since I increased my dosage of my antidepressants over christmas.

I don't know what I want. I just know I don't want to be here... at least not like this anymore. 

I don't know what to do. 
**I don't want to kill myself, but I don't want to be alive right now. I'm just worried that one day, I won't find something to live for and I finally won't be able to talk myself out of it.**