Shoulder injury might have been the drop that the cup couldn't holdBefore you read anything, I'm from Brazil so things here might not work the way you'd expect in your country. Just assume things here don't work, at all. That's how it is around here.

So, I'e been coping with depressive thoughts for as long as remember. Dead brother at 9 (he was a hemophiliac, got AIDS from a blood transplant, died at 12 from pneumonia....), adulterous father at 11, being introduced to sex with a prostitute at 12 by my own father because he thought I was gay, family with financial problems for decades. Crohn's disease that started at 16 and diagnosed at 22 made sure I'm having diarrhea and cramps everyday. I've been using imunossupressors and they've kept the disease under some control, although it weakens me against everything else and in long term it might cause cancer. Or fatal liver damage.  


I suck at everything I do. Even though, I was hard headed and managed to conclude my PhD in mathematics. Great for me, I suck as a researcher. My only published paper never had a citation and I have no clue on what's to follow. I teach at an engineering university who doesn't value mathematics beyond its meaning as a tool, if even that. I loved teaching, though, and lots of my students tell me they enjoy my classes. Now, quarantine won't allow me that. I've been lecturing on my room, writing on my table with my phone hanging from above, using Google Meet. It's a mess and almost a total waste of time and effort. No one is learning anything.

Since 2015 I started exercising, for health and appearance reasons. Got some results, then dropped, then got fat, then got fit, then got fat... used to do Crossfit and got a lot of injuries. Knees and feet might never be the same again and I can't make long walks and barely run. Now i'm training at home, been for almost two years, making my own journey. Lost almost 10 pounds in the last few weeks after I made a huge, serious compromise to eat, sleep and train more seriously. Two days ago I fucking destroyed my knee on a drawer handle. Today I think I tore something in my right shoulder. I was about to start my training, just warming up. A stretch and bang. Can't lift my arm properly. Its hurting all the time.

Exercising was what alleviated my stress and my darker thoughts. It was the "me" time of the day. I wrote what I did, I researched stuff to do. Mostly I did bodyweight stuff. I got a pull up bar, rings and parallels. Mainly strength stuff, I don't kip.

I have a son and a wife. He's 8 months old and might be the cutest angel in the whole world. I'm a terrible father, though. I have the hardest time simply putting or removing clothes on him, exchanging diapers and he often gets angry at my attempts.

 I have been having thoughts concerning how much he'll miss me if I take my car and get the highway at the highest speed the piece of junk can do while on the wrong way of the road, without any seatbelt, or airbag. 

I know I should think of the people I love. That's why I'm still alive. I wish I could simply unexist. Or wish I could simply get this COVID-19 and die. Wouldn't be my fault. I would simply be one more in the statistics.

I wish I could spend and afternoon playing games with my brother. We could play Hero Quest, he loved that, and I love that, but we never had the opportunity to play together... I was raised in a Kardecist spiritism lair (look it up... or don't.). We're christians, anyway. I'm not sure I believe in it anymore. 

Today I started taking 4 pills a day instead of 3 of my imunosupressor medicine. I got lots of spare from forgetting or neglecting them for months. I receive them for free from the state. That's a 33% increase. I'm sincerely hoping it'll increase the chance it'll cause some irreversible damage and shorten my life.