A desperate plea for helpI've struggled with depression for most of my life, and now is no different, but now I am suicidal. Sure, the thought of killing myself had popped into my head a few times here and there, but I shrugged it off because I had hopes for the future. The suicidal thoughts started about a month ago. (Buckle up. Heres a story. If you don't want to read it, Skip to the last paragraph) I've liked this girl for about 5 years, and we were never anything more than friends. In May, we started hanging out more. Me and my group of friends integrated her into our little squad, we were getting super close. I found out that she liked my best friend, and me being the hopeless romantic I am, wanted to get closer to her in any way possible, and the way I saw possible was talking to her about that friend. We started talking about him, and those conversations led to talking more about other things. We got super close, sharing secrets and hopes for the future. Through all these talks it was highly apparent she was infatuated with my friend. Somehow through all of this I still had hope that we could end up together, but I didn't share my feelings because I didn't want to ruin this friendship. After all, all of the other people we hung out with were leaving on missions and we only had each other after that. We were super close and she realized my immense lack of self confidence. She thought it would be good to tell me about a potential relationship between me and her. I was the happiest person in the world. She's like an 8, and I'm a 2 at best, so I was overcome with joy. At this point she had stopped talking about my best friend, and assured me she didn't like him anymore. Depression set in because I realized I was her last resort/fallback. We started doing things boyfriend and girlfriend do. I told her my feelings. We skyped each other as we fell asleep each night, we went shopping together, we spent most of our waking hours together. More and more, I was thinking she was the one. My self confidence was growing but I was still depressed. Come October and it was my best friend's turn to leave on his mission. He had feelings for this girl and professed them to her. She turned her focus off of me immediately. I was heartbroken. I started crying on my floor 24/7, I stopped eating, and only drank when I had to. This girl realized I was sad and did the friendly thing to do: come and talk about why I was sad. She told me that it was all a lie. She did it all to boost my self confidence. Not only was I not a fallback, but I wasn't even an option. This is when the suicidal thoughts set in. Everything in my life was a reminder of how much of a failure I am. I couldn't stand to talk to anyone and I couldn't fathom the thought of her and my best friend together, and I still can't. Now I find myself completely depressed and suicidal. I know I sound pathetic but I honestly don't see a better option than suicide right now. I don't trust anyone anymore no matter how hard I try. My friends, my family, or anyone close to me. I want that trust back but I legitimately can't let myself trust any of them. Everything I see is a reminder of how much of a failure I am. I'm full of hatred and jealousy towards my once best friend and I don't want to be. I can't afford help in any form. I want to get out of this slum and I don't know how. I've tried modifying my exercise routine and my diet. I've tried calling suicide hotlines and they somehow only made it worse. I am legitimately lost. I have no idea what to do. Suicide seems like the best option, no, the only option. Every thing I see is another reminder of how much of a pathetic failure I am. I'm lost and I don't know what to do.