Lonely lost and fighting to stay afloat .. need helpHi ... I am not sure if this is right place but I see folks being friendly and giving advise I need some help/guidance in human interactions

I know I need to help myself and no one can do that for me. But I don't know what actions to take to help myself. N now I have lost the will to help myself n want to be swallowed by a hole.

I am inherently a very disconnected person who doesn't feel much for people. Don't get me wrong I do care I would go to lengths to help them but I don't feel. I would be ok if a friendship was lost as long as new one comes along. This is sustainable till you are in school because everyone is in same boat. But I do notice that I don't form lasting bonds and that is making me more and more lonely as I age.

I am an child abuse victim. My uncle rubbed his penis across my vagina when I would have been between age of 3-5 . I don't remember how many times it happened but I do remember one time telling him it aches/burns. While tht memory was lost n resurfaced in my early teens. I had major bed wetting issues with no real cause known till my early teens. I spent most of my teenage years distancing myself from being a girl because any form of attention from opposite gender in terms of attraction felt very dirty. Also distanced myself from being attached in general with Frnds. My lifestyle was hop from one class to another n that's it. But that feeling mellowed down in my late teens n early twenties. I yearned to be connected with Frnds or gain attention from guys as any other normal woman but not really successful. I dived into studies n finding job coz it was higher priority and did not address not being able to form meaningful connections coz it was tedious. I do have Frnds I can count on but I actually don't feel anything for them. One of them was tired of me being a crybaby n told me I cannot help u n stopped being in touch and I was okay about it. I didn't feel bad that I destroyed our frndship and logically now it is troubling me because I see this happening in my relationships. The guys I date don't last. I don't feel much about the relationship ended but feel terrible that now I have to find replacement because it's tedious and am scared of getting stds and I really wish to feel connected and I want them to feel coneected with me so that they enjoy my company and not leave or atleast want to find someone who would understand me because this disconnect it's screwing with me in ways I cannot fathom. I hate it that I cannot connect with people and really wish to learn to connect and live a normal life. Because there are days I want to just cuddle or hug and I have no one to turn to. I feel so alone n disconnected I question myself y am I here and if it's worth being here. I try behaving like other girls but it's weird. End of the day I don't feel like continuing if this is going to be story of my life inside infinity loop.

I need examples of actions that when done would atleast makes the other person feel connected with me. Because I might not feel connected although I really want to but if I can give that feeling to my future Partner so that they enjoy being with me, I can hope to have a normal sustainable relationship and not feel lonely.