I stare into the darkness, and it again stares back at me like an old friend. [39 - MtF]**TLDR: Was depressed af 20+ years ago. turned myself into a husk tasked to do work. Recently realized im some level of LGBT soup.  Life looking better (overall). Finally denied help to see what else is going on. The darkness returns. ARGHHHH**  

Over 20 years ago I had issues. Lived in a high stress environment and never had time to tend to me. I was last priority. Have 2 attempts under my belt (1998 &amp; 1999). Was actively refused help, but my siblings were able to get help, as much in the world as they wanted. Boys after all have to toughen up, man up, build a bridge and get over it. Constantly bullied, constantly harassed, constantly victimized by those of power (family, school, parents, police, other "adults"). I built a facade, toughened up, built a bridge and turned into a person capable of turning emotions on and off like its a switch. Made me plenty of enemies. I was incapable of emotion outside of existing. I couldn't die because that's what many wanted, and *told me so*.  

In the last decade or so, realized transgender was a thing. Doesn't matter parent wise as both are now dead, still only have a handful of friends (from the era above) that understand where I was but we don't talk much anymore. I cant die now, because I'm transgender ( *insertMentalText($buzzwords-&gt;$lgbt['keywords']);* ) and that only adds the icing on the cake for those who prefer me dead. Sweet (eat that you SoB's)...  

Now I've started to become a person. Oh shit, full emotions. That emotion switch is getting harder and harder to turn on and off. This is kind of cool... Nice... Finally, living not just existing for the sake of existing as a numb figure. Good big things on the horizon. Awesome. Also started to look into what some other issues I have going on. Doctors, appointments, long drives (because I live in middle of nowhere) All kinds of stuff scheduled. Things are looking up. Things are "improving". But, I've never had anything good without excessive cost and I didn't know what that cost was until last week and I'm not sure its even worth it anymore. My death panel called """"""""""insurance"""""""""" (that I'm required to buy, by law) has denied the rest of my tests an I'm sure as hell not getting any better. Once again, as usual I gotta fight for **everything** that's ever happened (bad, mediocre, ok, or even remotely good). I'm sick of fighting, my whole life has been a fight, even for the smallest victories.  

Its getting darker. That familiar darkness I've fought to overcome 20  years ago, that darkness I've succeeded in defeating is making its return, and as usual without help. I once again stand alone to fight my own darkness. Once again I've called of work because I'm sick, its probably the stress, I get sick a lot but at least my boss is a great person &amp; boss. Here I sit crying, an emotion I'm still not hugely familiar with.  

I'm not suicidal right now. I have too many people to piss off. But dammit, I'm tired, here is my scream of tired aggravation into the void.  

Thanks for listening, reading whatever.