Living out of “obligation” is complete horse shitCarrying on and for what? As to not upset a handful of people?

Medicine hasn’t helped. Therapy hasn’t helped. Hobbies haven’t helped. People haven’t helped. Exercise hasn’t helped. Drugs haven’t helped. 

I despise all of my friends, I have no career prospects, I have no drive. 

I am extremely unattractive and routinely discriminated against or judged because of my looks. My appearance has withheld me from legitimate opportunities in life, and the experiences that other people have. I watch the people around me engaging with others and having fulfilling relationships. This is the single most soul crushing part of my existence.

The thought of anyone wanting to be involved with me, let alone having sex is a ridiculous fantasy. Physical and emotional intimacy is so far removed from my reality that it may as well not exist.

I look at what I have, and I struggle to find a reason to continue. I am simply an inferior version of the people around me, and they know it. I am a punching bag, constantly walking around on eggshells.

I can only conclude that things will not improve from here. The root of my problems lie not just within my brain, but my body as well. These problems have existed my entire life, and have not subsided. Rather, they’ve only gotten worse. Therefore, I should expect that pattern to continue.

Objectively, I have nothing going for me. No job, no emotional fulfillment, no money, no car, no sex, no partner, no meaningful friendships, nobody who needs me around, no joy. 

There are few things that I do enjoy doing, but they are solitary hobbies, of which I simply do not get enough pleasure from to justify a continued existence. The idea of continuing just because my immediate family would be upset is complete shit, because they really don’t care for me that much anyhow. 

I resent my existence, I resent not having control over what other people think of me, I resent that I don’t know what happens after this and that some other fucking being could punish me for not wanting to live here. It fills me with an indescribable rage that I do not have agency over my own life and that I cannot choose to simply stop existing on my own terms with a guarantee that it will stay that way. 

The fact that I cannot verbalize these thoughts to anybody in my life, including the person who is supposed to help me with my mental health only further infuriates me. I am in disbelief that each day I am expected to carry on with no purpose as I watch everyone around me get what they want, everything that I have failed to get. I’m not even tired anymore, I’m just done.