Applying for graduate school is causing me anxiety and driving me into depression, but every other possible future also freak me out. Help.At undergrad I was extremely depressed, and almost took my life. I was kicked off my Division 1 swim team because my coach said I was "mentally unbalanced." After swimming I started to get a little better, but still felt pretty useless. My boyfriend and friends definitely helped though ( for my first two years in school and on the swim team I was completely alone).

I majored in history and loved it, but never really thought about the future. My depression was pretty much the reason; I never thought I would be alive long enough to have a job. I was pretty certain I wasn't going to live to be 21/graduate. I ended up graduating. I wrote an undergraduate thesis, and graduated with honors. 

After graduating I didn't know what to do, so I moved home. I'm not sure if living at home is facilitating my depression or the cause of it, but I'm really unhappy. My parents don't understand and I don't really know how to tell them (my dad thinks I'm just overreacting, and my mom just thinks I want to be perfect and I'm not realistic). 

After working two years part time in an after school center for middle school kids (which I love but don't feel complete in) I've decided to apply to grad school. I love history, and what I miss most about graduating is that I'm not surrounded by the same passionate driven people. Part of me is scared however that I'm applying to have a better college experience (I didn't really make a lot of friends) or because I need a PhD to prove I'm smart (I'm not exactly brimming with self confidence. Plus my sister is getting her PhD in plant biology, and I've always been looked down upon as the little weird sister.)

Overall applications are just making me freak out. I don't know if I want to go to grad school but I don't know what else I would do. I feel trapped, but I also feel like I'll fail no matter what I do. I'm scared that if I can't prove to myself that I'm worth something (like getting a PhD) then I'll just drop into a deeper depression. I'm scared I won't be able to talk myself out of suicide again. Please help. 