persistant suicidal ideationsince i was in my early teens i have had issues w long term periods of sadness/emptiness &amp; sporadic bouts of suicidal ideation. i have also struggled &amp; continue to struggle w self harm &amp; eating. in the past i've managed to excuse these things to myself as normal teenage behavior, however, in the past few months my headspace and behaviors have worsened to an extent that i'm starting to consider abnormal. 

for months i have had problems relating to others, maintaining relationships with others, caring about my hobbies/my future, &amp; my self harm and eating issues have reemerged w more intensity. i could absolutely care less about my own health. i've started abusing drugs. while in the past i have considered suicide, it was always much less seriously than how i feel about it now. i think about it nearly constantly. i feel no drive to do anything- now or in the future. no possible change of circumstance or future outcome feel anything other than disappointing to me. i wake up every morning waiting for the time i can put my head down again. i am not passionate about anything, i don't feel like i have a geniune connection to anyone

i'd like to clarify that i have an excellent life. my parents are together &amp; i care about them deeply. i'm middle class. i have no physical disabilities &amp; i am not overweight or very ugly. i have friends. i do well academically. i exercise regularly. i even fucking meditate. i do have significant self esteem issues, am bisexual &amp; my father has had issues with violence in the past, but other than those small things my life is good- especially in comparison to the stories i hear on here. 

the reason i'm being so detailed about how great my life is is that i feel like i have no reason to feel so incredibly shitty. while that used to make me feel invalid, i now believe my mental issues are possibly due to a neurochemical problem and could be alleviated with an antidepressant. 

to clarify, my questions are: I have a pretty great life, but I am struggling significantly with apathy and suicidal ideation. What advice would you have for me going forward with seeking medicial help? Have SSRIs/SNRIs helped you personally? What degree of suicidal ideation is concerning?

thank you. 