Losing my healthcare, don’t think I want to wait around to deteriorateMy life has been challenging; I think more than most but less than some.  I have some severe health concerns that aren’t likely to improve.  Due to an ongoing probate dispute, a person I believe to be very capable has told others he intends to make sure I lose my health coverage.  His letter was abusive in other ways too including quoting my dead mother talking shit about me.  I am homeless &amp; in a domestic violence situation. It’s just too much for me.  

I have cats &amp; I don’t want to leave them unattended so I would likely wait until they can be safely placed. It’s just I’m not sure I can hang on that long.  They both have special needs &amp; I have tried to place them for years because of the violence.  I don’t think any family would care as most are dead.  I don’t have kids to worry about &amp; I am 40 so I’ve already been gifted more years than many people.  I think this is the right choice.

I don’t know when he intends to make good on his threat.  I would assume it will be soon.  At that time, I’ll be no longer able to afford the medicine that keeps me from having a heart attack or stroke.  My worst fear is becoming incapacitated due to an event &amp; having my abusive partner make medical decisions for me.   Or, more likely, be placed in a state facility until my last breath.

I never thought this would be my end.  I did all the things you’re supposed to do with school &amp; grad school &amp; following your dreams &amp; being kind &amp; volunteering but I still ended up here, ya know?  It’s a fucking lot.  I’m calm writing this when I probably should be sobbing.  I don’t want to die but it seems like it’s happening whether I want it to or not.  I’m told there’s nothing I can do to prevent him from taking action to stop my benefits. 

Thanks for letting me say it.  I won’t be telling anyone in real life &amp; probably won’t leave a note.  I don’t think anyone would care about a reason. Thank you for your time.  I’m gonna go pet my cats.