Paralyzed in my situation. End of my rope.I apologize for the length of this, I need to get this off my chest.

I'm in my mid 30s, and have been depressed since I was a child. Depression runs deep in my family, my mom has been unhappy pretty much her entire life. She recently got a terminal cancer diagnosis and her only reaction was 'Finally I can be done.'

I'm paralyzed (not physically, just figuratively). I'm stuck in some sort of huge rut and I can't claw my way out. When I was younger I had hobbies, even when I was depressed. Now all I do is dick around on the Internet and drink. I'm gay but I'm not interested in any relationship whatsoever. I have a hard enough time staying in touch with friends.

I'm totally burned out at work (I'm in IT). We've had some significant changes in the past year, and we're overloaded with work. I welcome change and kick ass at my job, but we've got WAY more than two people can manage, and they won't hire anyone else. They don't have overtime, but because they're a charitable non-profit, they expect people to put in the extra hours for free anyway. Right now my workload is so ridiculous I'm spinning my wheels. Projects going past their deadlines and nothing is getting done fast. The money sucks.

I'm so ready to GTFO and spend the rest of my days driving a forklift or anything else not computer-related but there's one catch -- I work with my dad. Before I got there he was 'the department' for 10 years. So when I leave, he's going to be totally fucked. I don't even know if they would hire someone to replace me. His health is not great -- he's a colon cancer survivor. I'm seriously worried that the work WILL kill him. So here I stay.

There's no joy in anything, the only emotion I have is anger. My brother and his wife just had a baby (so relieved that one of us was continuing our family into another generation), but I have to be drunk to feel happy about it. I also used to volunteer a lot, and have been involved in creating some really cool things, but I've cut a lot of commitments because I'm not getting any satisfaction out of it anymore. I know, it's a little selfish.

I also drink a fuck-tonne. At least 4 days out of the week I go to bed hammered. I know it's sabotaging, but being able to zone out and forget/don't care about all the shit that I'm procrastinating on is the only coping mechanism I have. It's draining my meager bank account and putting obligations even more behind. Then the cycle repeats itself. The self-destructive side of me doesn't even give a shit.

I didn't sleep last night. I ended up taking the day off work, didn't even call in sick. Didn't check email. I just wanted to be alone. Some days I think the only reason I don't just end it is because I'd be fucking over my roommates on rent and they'd have to deal with throwing out my shit. Plus my dad would probably die from the stress.

I've tried seeing a counselor and my GP has given me antidepressants in the past, but nothing has really helped. The last antidepressant I tried was Effexor, didn't do shit for the depression, though the side/withdrawal effects were fucking horrible.

I don't know if there is anything that can be done, but I figured I'd get it out there anyway. Maybe it'll help a little bit. I'm lying in bed but I still can't sleep. I want to sleep forever.