I thought that I was better than this. I’m not. I’m just way over my headI’m hysterical because I feel trapped. I’m 24 with a college degree and currently enrolled in an internship with a prestigious marketing company, albeit I do not make much money at all, not as much as I did when I did live on my own (lost job thanks to corona). It’s very stressful because they expect a lot from us. I’m also facing a bullshit court case for having less than a gram of weed in my car. A lot of my friends have moved away and I spend many many days alone just trying to work on myself and focus on my career. It’s all I have right now. I’m sort of proud of myself because I have a spotty history given my mental health. 

My dad often feels like he needs to take control of my life. Today he was just trying to give me a tip about calling my lawyer and as I was talking to him I walked down the stairs to get my earbuds real quick. He was so devastatingly insulted that he started going off about how disrespectful I am and how I just walk away from everything when I don’t, I just didn’t think it warranted such a reaction. I tried to explain my case and he told me to “shut the fuck up” because I interrupted him (he interrupts me constantly and also gets extremely insulted when I interrupt him) I asked him to apologize and he refused to do so which I thought was a bit childish, I called him out on that and he just spiraled off even harder. I left the house to take a long walk with my dog to calm down. 

Now my mom is often the mediator in most cases but many times she’s just adopted the “accept whatever bullshit he’s saying right now and just try to move on” which is somewhat effective but I can’t bite my tongue constantly. It’s driving me nuts. I came home to a 3 hour lecture of how I need to improve my communication skills and that I need to be more respectful from the BOTH of them. I just adopted mom’s old tactic of “accept the bullshit” and then just ran down to the basement and burst into tears.

It was then 8pm and I have several assignments for my internship due tomorrow. I had purposely set aside this time to work on one so that I don’t have to sweat it between all the other assignments I have due later in the week. Again this is all a lot for me and the fact that I wasted so much time on basically just getting verbally abused made me feel hopeless. This is not a one time thing. This happens basically on a weekly basis if not more

I genuinely feel hopeless. I’m not sure I can get all this work done on time. On top of that, my emotional state is NOT in the state of work mode. I’m trying but my failing attention keeps getting distracted by my destroyed self-esteem. Who the fuck am I kidding? I’m actively working with Princeton and Ivy League students. I can’t compete with these people. I’m destined to fail, just like my dad did, getting a degree and then never pursuing anything in it. Becoming unemployed and then work as a crane operator for the rest of my sad pathetic life.

My dreams are dead. My hopes are gone. I can’t even explain why. I just lost all optimism about my future and any desire to pursue my vision/dreams. I thought that they were important, but I think I got a little over my head. Its just not in my family blood line to be successful. People will never know who I am. I will die and the only people who will actually care is my mom and sister. Maybe my dad if he feels guilty enough. I am born into a slew of mental issues I can only thank my dad for. All I ever wanted was to work hard and be a good person to other people. And I try to do that. I have my healthy coping mechanisms, I always try to think of how other people feel, and I just want to do good things in the world and provide to people who need my help, be it professional or emotional. 

My therapist’s dad died earlier this week. I just had the thought to myself “how convenient”. I promise I’m not malicious in any way, I’m just frustrated and upset because I just want to be left alone for once. But instead my dad pushes his control on me and waves his money in front of my face “I paid for your x, so you owe me one” kind of deal. 

I can’t take it anymore. My mental health is suffering and I’m worried the damage will become permanent or already is. I already notice my behavior forming into my dad’s slowly over time. I guess just need someone to talk to or at least some rationale to bring myself above the toxicity and abuse. This is far from the first or the last time an argument will result.