Just my few wordsFrom a neutral perspective my life seems perfect. I am currently performing very well in University and my current study path would give me a job with certainty with a salary over 100k, but somehow I find it so hard to find happiness. I am not sure what my situation is, but I can't seem to find the purpose of life. Why would I try this hard in life and have this much stress just to die in a later stage of life? Why shouldn't I end it now to have all this load of my shoulders? I have this thought for a few years and I try to understand it on my own but I just can't. I feel like I am depressed but I am not sure, I am not sure because everyone jokes about depression and sees it like it is something stupid. I am scared that people around me will see me as weak. I tried to talk to 2 people about my thoughts and "problems". At first it seems like they listen but shortly after they just push their own problems and it feels like I just have to "man up" I am not sure if I want to label myself as depressed, I want to fight on my own but I just can't

Alcohol is the worst in all of this. Alcohol makes the situation better around other people and creates some sort of happiness, but once I am alone it just is a spiral of negative thoughts. Negative thoughts about nothing, I am just not sure where I am so depressed about. I just don't feel like being alive even though everything is going well. 

I thought about a psychologist or taking anti-depressants, but I am just top scared to take action. I am scared my medical file will become public somehow and I will get shamed or it could have negative impact on my career. I also not really sure how I could define my problem to a psychologist. I feel like I have to fight this battle on my own to become strong enough to overcome my depression. 

I am scared that I would give my pain to my family and friends, that is the only reason that is currently keeping me alive. 

I considered posting something for a few weeks now and finally decided to do it. To be honest it feels nice to type out the words, but I am still scared that people will identify me somehow. I am so scared that I used a VPN and a throwaway account. If you read my post thank you, the fact that people can see and read my words actually gives me some relief.