I think I am ready to go.Well, I am 26M, I don't really have anybody to talk to, so I guess I just want to post here for somebody to hear my story. Sorry for the long post, kind of a lot to go through.

It all started about 2 years ago, woke up with neck pain and back pain. Being a construction worker, I'm used to having a few aches here and there, so I thought nothing of it. After a few months I finally got checked out. Turns out I have rheumatoid arthritis all over my body. I have pains in my hands, knees, elbows, feet, back, and neck. So, basically every joint in my body.

After further testing, it was also revealed that I have Lupus, and that is also causing more pain and extreme fatigue. I wake up every day in pain and absolutely drained of energy. I have no idea what it's like to wake up feeling energized or even feeling normal.

As time went on the pain got worse, I now have a hard time making it to work, and am struggling financially, behind on every bill I have. I refuse to be put on pain killers, as I have seen first hand people go from pain killers to heroin and destroy their lives, I will not go down that path.

What has really put me over the edge has been these excruciating headaches that started over 3 months ago. They started as being every other day or so, but the last month, it has been one permanent headache. It has not gone away, It's there when I wake up and it's still going when I'm finally able to get to sleep. My doctor and the hospital have been unable to figure out the cause, and I'm currently waiting for the result of a CT Scan. I just don't know if I can wait any longer, it is unbearable, on top of all the other pain and fatigue.

On top of all this, my 2 year relationship just ended because I can no longer be happy due to the depression this has all caused, and she could no longer take me being so miserable and negative all the time (can't blame her).

It's no longer worth waking up anymore. I just can't keep pushing through all the pain. Everything has come crashing down on me. I don't know, I think I am really ready to call it quits and end it, it's just too hard now.