I miss my son who I can’t see because of my mental health, I’m not working because of previous suicide attempts, I’m home alone a lot of the time and I’m just over it. I’m over it. I’m so alone.The title says it all. I’m exhausted. For over a year I have been counting down hours until I can sleep and when I wake up I start again.

My son is 5 this year, his grandmother and father will be taking him to schools in his district that he can go to- and I’m not there. Such a huge and influential moment in his life- in arguably his most formative years. It’s a very long story, with a lot of sad parts, but in the end I removed myself from the picture because I wasn’t a good person to keep in frame. There’s nothing worse than having a sick parent, and there’s nothing worse than not having your parents- I know that personally, but I didn’t want my son to see me completely decompose in front of him.. Last year alone I tried to end my life twice and was hospitalised both times and held in police custody for the last one. 

When it comes to why I left my son I can’t explain to you why I chose what I did, but it worked for his family and for his routine, and they’re a lot happier now. They all sleep a little easier and his Grandmother told me a few months ago he was doing really well in kindy.

I made a blank Instagram account a few months ago and use that to check up on him. He’s so big now. And he looks just like me. Truth is the last time we spoke was on FaceTime in January and my 4 year old son stayed on the camera with me for 3 1/2 hours just playing games, pretending to be witches, goblins and riding brooms- I loved it. I love him. I miss him so much and I could tell in that moment he missed me to. I feel like I can never ever get past this. Me being sick. Me always being sick. My Dad was very violent and abusive when I was a kid, the raping started when I was young and lasted until I escaped at 16. That’s over 8 years worth of memories I can barely remember but wake up in sweats and tears over. My Mother isn’t close to me either, and I suspect it’s because she blames herself for what happened when she left me as a kid with my dad...

There’s too much going on in my mind. I’m mourning everyday. Every. Fucking. Day. I have a partner now who I have been with for a very long time (not my sons father) and he is very understanding, but he still doesn’t get it. No one does. The people who were meant to help me find a way to get better when I tried to kill myself BOTH times last year don’t even know what they’re doing.. I’m just a burden. I’m a burden who brought a child into this world and couldn’t care for him- and I feel that every day. I miss him every day and I’m sad for what we lost. I’m sad for how he will feel as he grows and wonders where I am.

This week is the first week a mental health team have properly reached out to me to try and secure a (student) therapist for me to talk to- and I think it’s too late. I’m just too tired again. I don’t want to be in this house with my own thoughts and my own nightmares and the memories I mourn for not having... 

I just want to move on, but the only way I can do that? Is ending it myself. The last time I did it I was caught unexpectedly by a passer-by, a stranger. I’ll be smarter this time. Ill do at least one good job before I go. 

Thank you for giving me a place to let this all out before I go. It feels better than holding it in or worrying people who do not need to be worried anymore. 