I think it's almost time...sorry long postFirst of all sorry for my English but I'm a mess right now...and German. 

I guess this is going to be a long post...sorry.

In about 2 weeks I'll turn 30. I'm a student and want to get my B.A in social work. I already missed the last semester because of my depression etc. and this semester I#M officially taking a break because of it. 
I'm living in a shared apartment but end of this month I have to move out. 
I moved in here about 1,5 years ago because my apartment was full of mold -&gt; I had to throw away everything except a bag full of clothes (I was house sitting a friend's place), some pictures, credentials etc. 
Everything was going well within the apartment but when I decided to take the break from Uni we started to have a problem because of money. Before I was the one who paid my part of the rent now the government pays it (thank you Germany for being a welfare state). That means she doesn't make money off me living there but she doesn't lose money either. Well she's not happy about it so I have to move out. Finding an apartment here just sucks, I tried it before when I was in a relationship, going to school, working every weekend, short: when I was pretty okay. 
Now I'm not even close to being okay. 
I tried a couple of different ADs and got FAT. I eventually got a medication that works okay for me...at least I didn't gain any more weight since taking them. The first months I was pretty apathetic now I'm just chilled (which is somewhat nice) but I still don't have any energy, need a lot of sleep, sleep most of the day but awake at night, my anxiety is still pretty high and I avoid going outside or talking to my friends. But like I said I need to find a new apartment. And because I know I'm such a psycho I can't just take any apartment. 
I can't live downstairs, I can't live in some neighborhoods, I can't live in a too small space. = a lot less options. Now add not a lot of time + little budget and you've got even less.

Well today I had an appointment to check an apt. I was already in a hurry but then the daughter of the "friend" I'm living with needed help. I helped her an was even more in a hurry but I wanted to take a bottle of water with me. Took me some time to find the damn glas bottle, filled it, put the lit on it and ran out to catch my tram. On the way to the station I noticed something wet. Unfortunately I didn't close the damn bottle well enough so the water leaked into my purse. At the station I took a good look at the mess and saw that my mobile got a little bit wet. I dried the few drops off of it, cleaned the rest of my stuff and then decided to cry on my friends (another one) shoulder via whatsapp. The phone was working fine but suddenly it froze...or so I thought. I restarted it and voila the display didn't react any more. So I took the battery out for about 30 mins and then tried again...that was a mistake. 
So now my new Note 4 is spending some time in a bowl of rice on top of the heater and I'll have to pay another 23 months for a phone that's probably dead, yay me.
The apartment that I rushed to was hmm quite disappointing. I thought because I had an appointment that I'd be the only one there, that's why I hurried up so much. But of course there were several other people (stupid me). The lady then told us that she guesses that we won't be able to get a reservation on it because it had been shown to a lot of other people before and all of them wanted to move in. The company that owns the building is just bad (like officially bad, news bad, tenants complaining on fb etc.) but I'm desperate. Well getting an apartment from them is like a lottery. 3 contracts are sent out and 1 person will be lucky ^^

Suicide has been my plan b since way too long.
When I was younger I didn't go through with it because of my mom, then I ended up for a year in prison in another country (was acquitted because all I did do was being on vacation but at the wrong time with the wrong person) where I almost died because I refused to eat because the food made me feel super shittty. Of course I wanted to commit suicide but I thought of my poor mother that wouldn't be able to get there nor to get my body over there. Well I somehow made it through and when I got home I was just high on being free. Sure, things weren't easy e.g. sleeping in my mothers living room on a super small couch, money being tight but I was hopeful. I started working within a week, moved out after 6 months and then went back to school to get my qualification for university. After about 3 months of school my mother passed away suddenly. She had a surgery and just didn't make it. I knew something was wrong when I called the hospital in the afternoon and the nurse told me to hold, when a doctor answered I knew she was dead because 2 years earlier I had that awkward phone call before when my father died of cancer. 
I got a cab (thanks cab driver for telling me not to cry) to the hospital and thankfully the staff there was way nicer than the one where my dad died. They took me to the nurses station, talked to me and when I was ready I went to see my mom and they made sure to put something under her chin so her mouth wasn't open like my fathers. I spent some time there and was asked if I wanted to have a nun there. I agreed and it was defiantly the right decision because she told me it was okay to touch my mom and to hug her. 

Later on I had a lot of problems because of the funeral esp. with my older sister (no contact to my mom). Well to make it short it's been 9 years since I last saw here in person. She doesn't give a fuck about me. My mom took off with me when I was 5 and my parents had really bad custody fights until I was about 16/17 so I don't have any contact to anyone of my family. 
The only thing that kept my going for a while was that I didn't want to disappoint my dead mother, then after a while I though "wow it's been a lot it'd be stupid to give up now", then "if I'll go to a real clinic and it won't help then I'm allowed to give up"... so my plan has been working on myself by myself and then to finally check into a clinic for some time. Since the "friend" told me I had to move out I wasn't able to do shit for me so I know in order to get better I first need a HOME where I feel home and safe, then take care of myself and after that clinic. 
Since the thing with the phone happened all I can think is "that is the sign, things won't get better, you will not find an apt in time, you'll end up on the streets" 
I still got a few appointments to check some apts but I do think if that won't work out and the end of month is there I will kill myself.
And I will do it at home so that the "friend" has to see it and hopefully never gets that image out of her head. (btw she knows the things that happened to me, she knows my option about suicide, she knows I'm alone, she pretended like I was part of the family etc).

Now I wrote down a lot &amp; nobody can be like "I can't explain myself why she did it" 
My life is pain, that's why. 
I wanted to become a social worker to help kids and young adults to never feel like me. I wanted to make the world a better place even just for one person, just one that doesn't have to suffer that much. I wanted to be there for people that felt so lonely. I wanted them to know that there is somebody that cares so deeply and will fight for them when they can't. I didn't want to save the world but at least one soul so that when I'd die I knew what for.

I wish my mother would have listened to the ob-gyn when he told her to get an abortion. 



