I don't feel good about anything I've done, nor do I have any hope for the futureI will be 24 shortly. I am still in college. I've always hated school and have been suicidal for almost 10 years. In middle school they told me it would get better in HS, in HS they told me it would get better in College, and in College they are telling me it will get better when I have a job.

But I feel like I'm in a no-win situation.

I am getting a biology degree, which seems to require a PhD to get a job that pays more than a UPS driver. I don't have the grades, research or motivation to get a PhD. 

However, I feel like I've sacrificed everything to get this degree and I've lost it all.

I wanted to drop out of HS and join the military, buy a house and use the GI bill to get a technical degree.

Right now I am a full-time student, I serve in the reserves and volunteer at a clinic. However, it seems like anytime I do something good I can't experience it without thinking about all the shitty things I've done in the past and how shitty I think I am right now.

I hate myself because when I was HS I got good grades but I hung out with the wrong crowd and we did things like egging random people's houses and stuff. I feel badly about that now.

Also right now my parents are paying for the part of tuition that is not covered by grants and my rent. This is pretty common for the town I grew up in, but it makes me feel extremely guilty and unaccomplished.

Yet, I don't really appreciate it, at all. It almost seems like a burden - because I never really wanted to go to a 4 year college, but since it's free, and my parents highly encouraged me to go when I graduated HS I reluctantly went to school.

I've never once in my life really felt that I could be myself. Girls have asked me on dates and I've declined sex while lying in bed with girls because I feel like I will be a disappointment.

So basically, I'm staying alive for what?

So I can *maybe* get a shitty job that will hardly cover my living expenses? I've thought about transferring to active duty after college or applying to be a civilian contractor, but I don't think working 16 hours is going to help me overcome this depression.

Also, I hardly have any friends. I've lost most of my HS friends and my friends in college seem superficial. It seems most of the people I meet here all think they are super special and I just end up keeping to myself.

I feel like I would have a better life if I just did what I wanted. I spend so much time regretting my decisions and just realizing that when I graduate I'll be viewed as a failure because I won't have any money or a job.

There is so much I want to do sometimes, but at the same time, I don't see how any of it matters.

I haven't gotten on a plane in the last 10 years without praying that it crashed.

I enjoy running and that's about it.