I am going to kill myself. I know how, I know when. I just need some kind words before I goIt's close to Valentines day. My boyfriend is no where to be seen. I havent heard from him in a while. No call, no text. We've been dating for close to a year, and had everything planned out. I've wasted my life on him. I've given up everything and changed myself for him.

My mom kicked me out because hew new husband doesnt like me and finds me a waste of space. I've been cutting myself constantly, I have not eaten in god knows when. I barely drink anything anymore either. 

My face is always red from crying and i'm dry-heaving all the time.
I'm in so much physical and emotional pain, so much of it built up from no one ever fucking listening to me.

I dropped out of school because I was bullied to the point of attempted suicide. I have no life and no future already, and i'm only 16.

I plan on killing myself the day my mom buys me helium. I told her it's for my grandmothers birthday, which is the 15th.

I love everyone and i'm going to miss them but I'm in so much fucking pain it's not even worth going through for them anymore.

I just want someone to be kind to me for once to help me maybe at least be happy by the time I go. Please talk to me.

Edit: 2:10:2013. 4:16 AM

I can't sleep and I can't think correctly, and trying to type is frustrating me.
Turns out my boyfriend decided to up and move to Kentucky without telling me. After freaking out because he was supposed to come see me and didn't show up for two freaking days, to get a text saying that he couldn't live there anymore and that he's sorry it just life-changing. You think you know someone and you think everything is so fucking fine and they just leave you there. No goodbye, no I still love you, no "We can still make this work".

Just "I'm confused and hurt and i'm sorry"

I haven't eaten and i just want to throw up everywhere. I don't know how to start over. Last relationship, it was already in shambles when we broke up and we had closure. This one was so fucking sudden, and I fucking hate change to no end, I don't know what i'm going to do. I spent every fucking day for the past year with him. Almost every night. You don't just throw that away... right?

Edit2: 2:21:2013. 11:57PM

Obviously i'm still alive. You guys were a big help. I also got back in touch with some friends I threw away and i'm glad that they all welcomed me with broken arms. The main reason i'm still alive though, is my mother. I forgot to update about this so I may as well now.

I went to pick up my things from Joshuas house and tried to talk about everything, but he simply said he didn't love me anymore. I got most of my things (With the exception of two computers and my entire Star Wars and Star Trek movie collection) and left. As it turns out, he was in love with someone else, his "best friend" of five years and told me he was moving just to get me out of his life. He admitted to never caring for me after 2 months of dating me and only being with me because he was lonely. It's really a shot to the heart right there.

I took some painkillers, strong ones, that I was supposed to take for my tooth pain a few weeks ago. Everything spilled out to my mom and she confiscated my helium she had got me (Which she thought was for balloons for my grandmothers birthday)

I'm still suicidal and sad and lonely, and frankly I feel like I should just date whoever will take me even if there's not attraction. Beggars can't be choosers, right?