I just want someone to look at me and tell me what to doIve been contenplating writing this for months Now, and today I was like “Fuck it. Im just going to do it”. 

The problem is that Im just a very useless teenager with absolutely no skills and no way to go from here. I’ve never made a good friend and no matter how much I try no one seems to be interested in me at all. I dont blame them. I’m a pathetic fucking person an I dont deserve to exist.

So here is everything wrong with me. I‘ve always wanted to list it out but never could because then people will think that you are self absorbed and care only about yourself. Which is not the case because I want to sort my shit out and actually be so some use.

1. I have the social skills of an Alien; I can’t keep a conversation going and when the ball comes to me, I just drop it.
2. I have 0 athletic ability; As a teenager, every who seems to be able do some sport. I live in a country where sport is not free and you have to pay alot to even do it an hour once a week. I was doing tennis that way for about a year and my dd told me to drop it because of how expensive it was getting. As a kid I was not really into it when I had the opportunity which was kind of my fault, but still it does not change the fact that I dont have any athletic ability. 
3. I have 0 musical ability; I would like to learn so many things but my parents arent interested. My parents told me to opt out of music when I was 11 so I’ve never had any lessons. I just feel like the opportunity to be an interesting person just vanished.
4. I am absolutely useless to society; I other countrys teenagers can do jobs and stuff like that that make you useful. Well I cant and Im always stuck in my room not knowing what to do with my life.
5. I look ugly as fuck. I am a living wart and thats all you need to know.
6. I dont game at all, and I have no idea how even the most popular games work because apart from a really old nintendo DS I had as a kid, I’ve never really had the guts or the opportunity (due to the lack of any friends) to play any games.

Given all of this, its seems like the world would just be fine if I disappeared and no one will feel bad. 

However, there a few things that are actually not catastrophic about me.

1. I am good at academics. I like science and math and do well at them. I have good tutors and I am fine that way. I want to be a doctor, but the aforementioned faults may prevent me from going to medical school.
2. I like writing and I’ve finished a novel. Granted, it sucks af, but its a book I wrote and I am proud.
3. I actually live a decent life and I have everything I need to survive. I’m very middle class.

I just need someone to go through my post and tell me what to do.

If you have read upto this point, you may be the only person who has ever listened to me to this extent because I’ve never been able to talk to someone so deeply. 

Thank you.