How on earth do I stop comparing myself to my handsomer brother'Sup guys! Aight here's the backstory for my sitch.
I have 3 brothers, all younger, and one of them is sorta giving me trouble. It ain't any of his fault though, he's completely innocent, it's just that he's better-looking than me.
Now, now I know what you're thinking, dang that's kinda innocuous, well unforch for me it ain't.
Everyone has always gushed about him and I sorta brushed it off because I wasn't really into social stuff now. Now I started to care about how others perceive me, and comparisons between my and brother started to bother me.
Literally everyone in high school gushed about him. Everyone. I always felt like an inadequate knock off of him. Heck, there was this girl I sorta dated for a few days last year, and I heard from another friend that that girl gushed about wanting to fuck my younger brother.
A classmate of my brother called me a fucking 'rough draft' in terms of looks compared to him.
Welp, there goes all my fucking self-esteem.
Look, to those who will say: "People see beauty in different things " or "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder", I really appreciate your thoughts, but it won't work for me. Literally every fucking person I know either wants to fuck him or is doubting their sexuality.
It's driving me fucking nuts. I tried to have a good relationship with him, but the fucking jealousy is still there.
I know this sounds shallow as FUCK, but I'm legitimately losing my mind and possibly my will to live. What if I try to get with a girl and she's introduced to my brother?
I try to distract myself. I try coding, playing the violin, gym, learning fucking French, being a funner person socially, but I just can't beat him in terms of looks. It's impossible.
I've tried considering suicide at several points just to relieve myself of my inadequacy. At this point I've taken up nihilism to TRY to make me feel better, but the ever-present comparison is still there.
Sorry if this sounds ranty /r/Advice, but please, there's got to be some damn way to solve this problem. Moving away and forgetting he exists seems like a good idea, but that's for a long time from now. Anyway to sorta accept my inadequate self?