I'm tired. I wish I were dead.Hello reddit.
I don't want to be alive anymore.  Yes, there are still things in life that I enjoy, and yes there are people who love me who I love right back.  I don't think I can say anything is really wrong with my current situation, yet still, I'm not happy.  My entire life has been a giant emotional roller coaster.  It's exhausting and I'm tired of the back and forth between "normal" and "depressed".  I guess this week has been one where I'm in the dark a lot.  I couldn't bring myself to go to work, missed 3 of the 5 work days, and on the 2 I actually did show up to, I was late and left early.  I'm a worthless shit, and I can't even take care of my basic needs like eating meals and showering regularly, let alone keeping my apartment tidy.  It's an obstacle course.  You can't draw a 1 ft radius circle anywhere that is clear of random junk or garbage.  I'm behind in literally every single one of my pursuits in life.

And I'm lonely as fuck.  I'm not close to my biological family, they are pretty toxic people and mostly out of my life now.  I made friends in college but after I graduated I moved to a place where I didn't know anyone.  I don't have the ability to make friends because of a betrayal of my former best friend, so now I have serious trust issues.  Every potential friend, I can't help but think they're out to get me, and will take advantage of me in some way.  I keep myself distant because when I don't, after we hang out and I get home, I break down crying.  I don't want to care about people, because when I do, I'm vulnerable to them hurting me, and I've been hurt a lot, and I would rather die than suffer going through that sort of hurt again.  But the only way to ensure that I never get hurt is to not have friends, which I've managed to do but it's lonely and depressing as fuck.  I can't even work or collaborate with people out of fear that there's some ulterior motive going on.  I hate myself, my inability to function like a normal human being.

I honestly don't know why I'm posting this.  I think I'm beyond help.  I'm on 2 different antidepressants, see a therapist every week, and back in October I was checked into the Loony Bin for a week.  I don't know what else is left to do.  I've called the national crisis hotline.  I've read a good number of posts here in SW.  Hell, I've even responded to quite a few of them, offering comfort and hope and encouragement, trying to make it seem like everything could turn out okay, but recently it feels insincere, like I'm saying those things more so to myself than to OP, trying to help OP but also trying to convince myself that what I'm telling OP is true for me too.  But I don't believe it is true anymore.

Not existing, I think, would just be so much easier and have so much less pain that dragging my life out simply for the sake of staying alive.  I'm a complete mess, and everything that I involve myself in becomes a complete mess too.  I can't help but feel that the universe would be better off without me making a mess of everything.  My work doesn't like me, they're always yelling at me, telling me my logic is bullshit, and demanding unreasonable deliverables of me.  If I were to disappear they'd replace me with someone more competent.

Why should I keep going?  What reasons are there to not end it all?  Just because I don't necessarily have it *really bad* doesn't mean that I have it good and by default should be happy.  Is there any reason for life?  I don't think I can have a family, that would involve trusting someone to be my SO, and I can't do that.  Also my biggest fear is that I will treat my kids the way my parents treated me, and I would rather die than inflict the harm they did on me onto someone else. But it's genetic, and I fear I'll end up doing it without realizing it.

I'm just tired.  I just want it to be over, I'm ready, and I think I've gotten all I can get out of life, continuing onward wouldn't really do anything, for me or for the rest of the world.