How do I understand what my daughter is going through and what can I do?I apologize if I'm reaching out to the wrong community.  This seems like the largest and a very supportive group that would be able to respond in a timely manner.

I'm a father, my daughter has cut herself in the past (13).  It was small and we talked plus she sought counseling through the school she attends.  Today I noticed strange behavior (holding her sleeves, wearing long shirt in hot weather).  End result she cut herself again, but her entire arm.  30+ times from wrist to elbow, looks like was done yesterday.

We talked for 2 hours.  People told her she was worthless at school (schoolmates), she feels like she's a disappointment to us (her mother and I, separated, split custody week on week off).  Makes her feel invisible when she cuts which feels better to her.

Tomorrow I was leaving for an extended weekend with multiple events.  I have cancelled all of them.  Going to contact the mother to keep my daughter over the weekend and discuss what is going on.  I don't feel like she should go to school tomorrow or friday and that we should leave tomorrow to anywhere but here.  I want to take her to her grandparents, I don't want to keep any of this secret.  I feel like everyone in the family should know so they can talk to her about it.

I have no idea what I'm doing, I'm just making this up and going on gut instinct.  Going to spend next few hours researching self harm help.  I have never done self harm, usually empathetic, can't connect with this.  I don't know what to do.  I bandaged her in case of infection and cleaned the wounds.  I laid down with her till she fell asleep.  I have no idea what I'm doing.

Edit: Thank you.  I have no words, all of you have helped me to start picking up the pieces.  Talked the past hour to her mother.  We are all meeting up to have breakfast in the morning.  I have some local numbers to call and ask about counseling while her mother and her talk.  We're leaving after to go camping and traveling for as long as my funds will last.  She's always wanted to see a waterfall.  I won't tell the rest of the family till she wants too.