29 year old man with daughter with special needs dies, and baby mother is after my life.She obviously is going through a hard time but treated the baby daddy like shit til the very end. He died. I dropped everything to help the mom and daughter. I cleaned her house, did her laundry, my friend spent hundreds on take out for weeks for her, she used and abused us. She said in plain text she wanted to die. She did not respond when I called over and over for a half hour. Had no choice but to call police for a wellness check.

She’s been conning my friend before her baby daddies death to give her money when she doesn’t have a job and was exposed on Turtle Boy for insults she publicly posted about her now deceased baby daddy. I spent time money energy out of the goodness of my heart for her and her daughter. I found disturbing things like dried out turds under her daughters bed that had been there for longer than her dad died. The house was a disaster and I pampered her mom and tried to be strong for her daughter who won’t eat and has anger issues like her mother.

What do me and my friend get? We are told we are ugly, she is glad my father and bf are dead, that “I took her daughter away” which I didn’t. But a psych EMT picked up the phone after I already received nasty texts in paragraphs with the most lowest blows at that point because we were terrified she was dead, and didn’t want her daughter to find her no less. She’s shady as fuck cuz she pops benzos and seraquil among other substances and manipulates people into giving her sympathy money. She’s literally a very psycho stalker person who is threatening to ruin my life once she’s out of the hospital. She said she prays I die and will laugh when I do. She threatened to hurt me too so police will be involved. But she can’t be stopped to slander me online as she’s threatened. She’s pissed many people off before her and yes the EMT asked about what it was like taking care of her daughter and I mentioned the filth and neglect that had been apparent for a while MAYBE because she needs psychiatric help. She knows people and could do whatever. Tires slashed you name it. She is nothing short of vindictive.

Sorry the police were called because you threatened to end your life. 