I feel really alone, and am pretty sure I'm going to fail in life.Well, to begin, I am not killing myself. I just don't know where else to post this, and I really need some support right now.

I'm pretty sure everyone in my life hates me, and if they don't, they at least seem to always walk all over me. I've always been nice to the people I really care about, specifically my girlfriend and my family, but it feels now like they just walk all over me, and always get angry at me over the smallest things. Today, my girlfriend smacked me because I accidentally distracted her from a game she was playing. She died in the game, and then cursed me out and smacked me really hard. It reminds me of when my family would put me down, or when my stepdad would say I was worthless and stupid. It made me really sad, and is part of the reason I am making this post to begin with. 

I'm really tired of how everything I do is wrong, but everyone else is right, and no one else has to change but me. 
I'm not allowed to get angry, but everyone else is. While this hasn't been said to me in the exact way I'm wording it, it's pretty much what I've been told by most people whenever something bad happens to me because of the actions of someone else, even if it's intentional or accidental. I'm really tired of it, honestly. I'm not allowed to speak up at all.

Now, what does this have to do with failing at life? Well... You see, from 2011 to 2014, I was pretty much homeless with my family and going from house to house, so I couldn't enroll in school. So, I technically never began the 10th Grade. I'm currently 17, but I'll be turning 18 this year. Ever since I was a kid, it was my dream to go into a university and become successful in the field of Japanese linguistics. I've always wanted to be a translator, and I've followed that dream so much that I started learning Japanese as I was a child, all the way up until the present. As of now, I'm actually very good for someone self-taught in the language, and it's the only other language I know besides English. I can play any game in Japanese, and read the language really well, apparently. However, there's still a long way for me to go until I can be truly proficient in the language. But, I've pretty much come to terms with the fact that I'll never be successful, and that I'll never become a translator like I had hoped for. I do fan translations of certain video games, and I can't even do those right, because I lose track due to everything going on in my life. Sure, I can read, write, program (a little bit), and translate, but what was the point? I can never get a career. Everyone walks all over me. My girlfriend and I are long-distance, and I'm currently at her house, but now what? I can't do anything right. All I do is bother people. I barely know anything that could ever be important to me, like actual life skills and social skills, and I'm pretty sure I'm just an annoying and idiotic person, judging by how I'm treated by people most of the time.

I'm just done right now. Sure, I won't kill myself, because I have no desire to, now or ever; but I still feel very sad, and want to know what to do, and why people I care about always walk all over me in certain ways. For most of my life, I've pretty much been put down or criticized whenever I do anything, right or wrong, and it's really made me feel like giving up a lot of things.