Not actually sure why I'm doing thisI'm just a random bipolor queer guy who never fit in growing up. Middle and high school sucked and I had very few friends. I feel like that's instilled in me some insane complex of falling like I'm always being left out of stuff, even things I don't like (well, then I feel like I'm left out of the things I don't like).

College started better, somehow I made a couple good friends. But soon after the beginning I started to feel shitty again and for all the same reasons. At this point I think it's just my brain and I don't know if I'll ever change. I've been in two relationships and my second one ended like 6 months ago yet of course I'm not over it. I really thought we were going to be together forever. And even though I still felt just as bad at times, that's what's given me hope. I was an idiot and moved away for a period of time to do an internship before coming back to school. Of course, one day they tell me they've realized they are poly and, well, we broke up. That's not unlike what happened in my first relationship and that gave me such a negative association with things that I just couldn't do it. I really, really, wish I could.

If my mind worked right, my life would still be salvageable. I got fine grades at a fine school and already have a job offer. My family, though not physically where I am, are incredibly supportive. I feel like my friends are less close than they were but that's surely my fault. I have not don't a good job at being a good friend, or relationship partner imagine (and who knows if the poly thing was just an excuse). Point being, I could get through all that if I could fix myself now. But I'm too lazy and I've always been.

I've fantasized about suicide for so many years. I don't know exactly when it started but I have a distinct memory of thinking I could do it by shocking myself on a standard American power outlet, so it had to be when I was young enough to think that would really work. But now that I'm living alone, it just seems so much more accessible. I wrote a will (still need to put it in handwriting for a legal reason) and drafted (for like the 5th time) a note. This time though I also ordered a shotgun which is now ready for me to pick up today.

Literally the only consideration I've got about this is how it will effect my family. Part of me thinks this would be the ideal time to do it because I'm separated from people, but I think a counterargument could be made. It would be such a selfish thing to do though. But I've never been much short of a sociopath in life so far, so why is this any different?

Any advice on mitigating my family's suffering would be appreciated. Would something like a drug overdose look better? Or is that again just me being selfish and trying to lie?