Not knowing is the worst feeling.I was arrested almost 4 years ago for a PBL, I did house arrest and I'm currently on probation.

I'm a completely different person than I was when I got arrested.

If I make one wrong step, I get a LIFE SENTENCE. 

I go for an early termination hearing in less than a week. If it goes my way, I will be have completely dodged incarceration for something that some people get life for.

Everyone keeps telling me I'll definitely get it, but I've been in the system too long to believe that. I feel like if I put all my hopes on early termination, there's a good chance I could set myself up for a disappointment so strong I would kill myself.

I keep day dreaming about how I'm going to buy some land and start a farm and get away from the city life. 

The person who has the biggest say in whether they cut me free is the judge. The person who is most disconnected from what's going on is also the judge.

My probation officer is double checking that I'm abiding by the terms of my probation the day before I go to court and ask the judge.

Call me a pessimist, but I feel like there's a million ways this could go bad.

I have been a model inmate if that matters. But I went on a prisoner support forum to talk about my case and it was nothing but probation officers talking about how they like to violate people and then let the judge figure it out.

That's a real problem for me because historically, when they tell me "fight it and lose and we give you life" I end up taking a plea whether or not I did something wrong.

I am so scared right now I can't handle it. Tuesday, the probation officer wants to look everything over, Wednesday the judge gives his ruling on whether I qualify for early release.

Everyone is so excited but doesn't understand why I'm not. The court system keeps getting it wrong with me. I get that I had something to do with an armed robbery, but the court kept acting like I was the spawn of Satan. 

I barely dodged prison time, the judge hated me no matter what I did, and I got handed down a hell of a sentence to deal with that has terms that don't make any sense for my personal situation.

