Something very odd happened to me yesterday (yesterday being: 9/11/2020) and I don't know what to do and honestly killing myself seems like the only thing to do.I got very very high after hitting an extreme bong rip. 3 extreme things happened.

1. I remember going into my closet and something...definitely wasn't right. I definitely was here but something wasn't right, I was in a mode I feel like i wasnt supposed to be in and it felt like I was supposed to die or something right then and there..it was really weird and im never going to forget the movements I had. They were very frantic but I knew everything that was going on. I felt everything that was going on. I felt the clothes hanging, I felt..everything?

2. TMI and NSFW but I need answers. My body went through another phase where it was telling me I has finally reached my max orgasm and I found the man that finally knew what to do for me in bed to actually do everything right. (Meaning my boyfriend right now) and that was the meaning of life and the whole time I just remember singing to him? Or letting out a really orgasmic sound to let him know he really got it.

3. (This one freaked me the fuck out) The world. The Universe. One wrong thing that never happened atoms wise happened that was never ever supposed to happen and I just remember everything going slow and a slightly loud voice going "wait a minute what the fffffuck?? This isn't supposed to be happening????" Everything was gone. My whole life, me, but i knew what was going on. But everything was gone, everything in existence even stuff that we didn't even know existed.

I feel like i wasn't supposed to know about any of this and somehow I found out about all of it. I dont know if it sounds stupid or not. Im not religious or anything, I'm far from believing there's a god. I just need an explanation. Im going crazy and its really making me want to end it all. I dont know why. Someone please help. I havent had a good few weeks at all and since this happened, it seems like it just broke so many levels of the meaning of anything. Please help. I went to the hospital the day I put up on the title as well and I wasn't acting myself everyone said the whole entire time I was high. I need help.