Februrary first mental health struggle - June everything is fine - December suicidal - Made it till 19 at leastHey, 

I am stuck in like an insane reality atm, the only way out seems to be suicide. But suicide was NEVER EVER on my mind before, not even when I experienced severe anxiety and panic attacks earlier this year. So basically I recovered from Depersonalization this year...but as the symptoms slowly vanished, I still battled irrational thoughts from day to day when suddenly my mind switched to: ur life is over. I was overwhelmed, suddenly paranoid of time, feeling like I shouldnt be here anymore. This feeling...it feels like I shouldnt be alive anymore, like I shouldnt have lived past August and should be dead until August. It just feels like it is wrong to be alive, when I go to the hairdresser for example, my mind goes like this: You are dead inside, you died, you dont need to do this, you are trapped in hell, you shouldve killed yourself as I told you! When I look in the mirror: "Why are u still alive?" AM I INSANE?:( WHY DOES MY FATE FUCK ME LIKE THIS!!!????? I HAVENT DONE ANYTHING WRONG TO DESERVE THIS. 

When u have Derealization, u are alienated from your surroundings, my mind is still conditioned from it. First thoughts like: Is this really your hometown as you knew it? Or much worse: How do I know I am not dead? Or I didnt die when DP hit me? There is no answer to this, and it freaks me out, maybe I am destined to suicide or so? Then the time thing, I am anxious of the date and like my mind cant cope with the time passing so fast, I really cant explain it. In August, there was a switch in my mind, on the first of August, I was laying in bed and suddenly the thought "suicide could be my destiny" popped up and made me unable to sleep. 

But it was much more painful than anxiety as I knew it back then with DP...AND THIS IS WHAT SCARES ME. I THINK THOSE THOUGHTS ARENT ANXIETY RELATED BUT DEPRESSION. I feel like I will never recover from this, it feels like I am trapped and thinking that theres soon a "2018" on the calendar triggers like a hopelessness, painful, suicidal feeling!:( I FEEL SO ALONE. I am 19, I dont really want to end this in suicide, but srsly my mind sees no way out.