I'm stuck and I don't know what to doHi!

I don't really know what the norm is for this subreddit, but I really need to let my thoughts out, and someone to talk to if possible, so I'll just spill my guts.Hopefully I have the right place to post it.

I'm not currently seeing a therapist/ counselor, although I'm working on getting one. I have seen one a few times about a year ago, and initially they wanted to prescribe me medication, but I was worried about taking such a serious drug. I don't know if I have depression or anxiety or am just going through a hard time, although I feel like I have anxiety and am going through a spout of situational depression. Maybe this isn't what I'm supposed to be talking about.

Basically, all of this stems from a relationship. It sounds dumb, but I guess everyone has they're own issues and I shouldn't belittle how I feel. A brief summary, this was my first relationship through our teenage years, and I was/ still am very in love with him. We have a very deep connection. I am not very good at making friends/ have always been shy and had low self-confidence, but he has been the person I've been the absolute closest with. Our relationship really ended because of long distance, and we both acknowledge that now is not the time for us to date and have agreed not to speak to one another in the hopes that someday in the future, when we are happier and healthier, we might naturally come together again to be friends or whatever we choose. But you can imagine how hard it is if your best friend/ family leaves you. It felt like how it would feel if my mother left me.

I was very dependent on him, and at first, couldn't imagine a future without him. Now, I'm seeing that that possibility is becoming stronger and stronger which I've accepted on some level. This has all been going on for months and months and I just can't get over it. I've cut him out of my life, deleting him from all social media and not speaking to him, but I did see him about a month ago to resolve some things. In all of these months of not speaking to him, I've gained the ability to be more independent, make new friends, not rely on him, but I still feel like there is a huge hole in my heart. In ways, it feels like I've made no progress at all. I still think about him all the time and get just as upset as I did a few months ago. In the end, he was a jerk to me, and in all honesty, I don't know why I love him, but I still do. 

I'm not planning anything seriously, but as of this moment, the only solutions I can see to this are suicide or, possibly, moving away. I don't live where he lives but I still feel so connected to him as all of the people in my circle of friends are friends with him and still interact with him. It hurts to know that he is still out there and vaguely know what he is doing, if that makes sense? I don't know if moving away and leaving all of my friends behind is what I need to do or will only make me more lonely. It seems so fucking dramatic to kill myself over some guy, but the pain is so bad.

FUCK I just feel like an immature dip-shit for thinking all of these things, but I just don't know what else to do. I don't know how to just move on or let things go. I'm not looking for relationship advice. I know the right thing to do is not to speak to him, but I just feel so shitty and don't know how to feel less so, other than the two options listed above. please help :/