I want to smash my car into a wall first thing in the morning.I'm tired of telling my story.

It has to do with Chester Bennington and Linkin Park.

I'm a young trans girl with world class musical skills who is adored by men around the world for my silly pink hair and pastel aesthetics.

The music I make is beautiful, energetic, complex, emotional, and important. But nobody cared.

I travelled across the country to start a band with 🌌. She abused me. She begged me to come live with her and do this band. Said she'd kill herself if I left her. I told her I didn't want a relationship with anyone except those who would form this band and travel with me.

She lied to me to get close to me, and has already made a plan to replace me. I never meant a thing to her, even though she said that I was the reason she realized she is transgender and all of her music was made because of that.

The police come looking for me every week or so because I call the suicide lifeline every day, desperate for my story to be heard. They want me to go to a psych ward and be tortured again. I think 13 times was enough.

All I wanted was to make this album and sing about the problem of suicide, and being transgender, and make the cutest, loudest progressive rock ever.

But nobody cares.

I did my best, and found out that I mean nothing to anyone. I am disposable at best and despised at worst.

The world doesn't need me. The message is loud and clear. My life doesn't matter.

Tomorrow I plan on doing what almost happened tonight. I'm going to crash my car inside a tunnel driving as fast as I can.

Why should I give these amazing gifts to a world that has tortured, abused, abandoned, and hated me for trying to speak up about what matters to me the most?

Jimi Hendrix, Kurt Cobain, Janis Joplin, Jim Morrison, and so many other rock stars died at this age - I'm 27. I didn't get to have their successes, but I understand that none of it was worth a thing to them. I get it. Life has nothing of value. I have felt the drive to end my life every single day since 2010. Instead of being taken with compassion, the world is reviled and disgusted at my honesty. I do not owe them my aura.

When I die, I will be forgotten. Nobody cares about transgender folk. We are not even second class citizens. We are subhuman. We are mistakes. Abominations. Mutants. Thousands of men want to add me on Facebook and flirt with me only because they think I'm a real girl. I'm not. I'm a tranny and a suicidal maniac.

There has never been anything in this life that has given me any hope, joy, comfort, or happiness. It has been a long, cold, dry, and rough stretch of grey concrete, that my long since dead spirit has been dragged down hundreds of thousands of miles in a despair of worthless failure. I am not loved or respected by anybody. My dearest friends will turn their backs on me in an instant, all because I am nothing but pain and dread to them. My love and affection are discounted and denied, instead I am merely an expression of suffering that deserves to be erased.

Nobody will notice when I'm gone, except that there will be a big sigh of relief across the whole world that there is one less negative creep out there.

I will be at peace, and so will everyone else. Suicide is the right thing to do, I simply have no choice.