Just witnessed my father have a psychotic break and threaten suicide. Made me see the reality of suicide. TLDR storyAs my username checks out I have fantasized about suicide many times. I am a 21 year old and live with my parents and recently in the last two months have taken a downward spiral to severe depression. It has gotten to the point of severe hopelessness and each day is a pathetic repeat of the next.

I chose not to commit suicide not because I want to live, but for the sake of my family. My father has been going through astronomical amounts of stress with his business software company he owns. It is a very small company that recently (last few weeks) attracted a venture capital deal that is supposed to close very soon. He is an extremely paranoid man and a major control freak with his business. He will overwork himself into madness, which my mother and I have been noticing in the last week or so. He is a very paranoid person and has an alcohol problem but is not violent and never has been.


Fast forward to tonight. I am in my room at around 12:00 when i hear my parent's fighting escalating. I hear my father say "I have to tell you this but i can't its too horrible" (which is something he has said a few times). He proceeds to babble on (eventually) about how his biggest client is going to sue him because of X reason which is not rational and completely out of nowhere.  I chose to join in the conversation saying he is loosing his mind and making up excuses for everything to fail.

And then it gets scary. He apologizes to my mother many times and speaking in past tense saying things like:
"i loved you"
"you were a good kid"
"its over"
At one point he says:
"shoulda done a murder suicide". I got very angry that he could say that to myself and my mother (as well as shocked and frighted) and say WTF is wrong with you why would you say that. I kept trying to make eye contact with him and follow him as he paced around. Said things like " im nuts", "where is a knife so I can kill myself", "it's all over" etc etc.  

The horrifying part about all of this was the look in his eyes of sincerity. And the laughing, I will never forget the laughter. If he broke down and cried at any point I think i would be doing a little better right now. My mother ended up calling the police and they took him to the hospital. As he was leaving the house he asked to speak with my mother. He apologized to her and told her passwords to his computer, and showed her where the keys to his office were. It was a scary moment, as if he was saying goodbye forever.

And now i sit here in my room wondering if we will hear from him tomorrow. Wondering what I am to do with myself, how I can help my mother through this. Wondering what our life will be like now. If there is any positive from this though, I admit I will never commit suicide and destroy my mother. 

