What am I supposed to do?I'm about to start my last year of college, and I just have too much for me to handle. I go to a wildly competitive school where I already have settled a lot just to survive. The rate of mental illness and suicide at my school is already one of the highest of any university in the country.
My roommates just ditched me, so I am effectively homeless because I can't afford to find a better place. I have lost 3 deposits and been screwed over 5 separate times while trying to find another group of people to live with. My anxiety is so bad that I can't look around for housing without imploding with anxiety. This ended with me going to a school therapist, who sucked, and being referred to a professional psychiatric clinic and being diagnosed with severe depression. The worst part is that the psychiatrist says that it could have started as early as four years ago. (As a side note, America really sucks in regards to mental health. No one knows anything about themselves. If I'd had pneumonia or some serious disease for four years, it would have been a huge deal. Sorry. Rant over.)
The icing on the cake is that I just found out that I will not be graduating on time. A miscommunication with my academic advisor ended up putting me on the wrong track, and now, I won't even graduate within 4 years. I can't afford to stay in school another quarter, let alone another year. I can't tell my parents, especially because they're going through a really tough financial situation and they have to prepare to send my sister to school soon. I feel like the world is collapsing in on me and there really isn't anything keeping me here. I have no real friends anymore because of my anxiety creating misunderstandings and my growing introvertedness making me withdraw more and more. Honestly, leaving things behind seems like a better option than having to put up with the rest of my life being derailed and going further without much hope. As of this moment, not a single thing has gone according to my life plan. I've been set back at least another 4 years, if I'm lucky. And these were the years of my life that I had the most planned for. I feel so lost. I feel very hopeless, and that might just be the depression, but I really don't see things getting any better.