Life is playing cat and mouse with me and I can't keep being teased and punished anymore.This year has a pattern for me: I'm more miserable than I've ever been in my life, I get something that makes it better, and then that something gets ripped away and I'm twice as miserable and hopeless as I was before. 

The initial lockdown happened, and I had to go back home and live with my parents, who I swore I'd never live with again. But at least I had my cat, who I got right before lockdown and gave me a reason to wake up every day - and then my cat died suddenly and unexpectedly the month of my birthday, which was already a huge depression trigger for me because I'm 24 and still a virgin. That was when I first planned to kill myself - I wrote a note and everything. But then, things turned around. I met a guy online and we started talking. He was actually interested in me, the first person in years, basically the first person ever. We had \*so much\* in common. We talked for hours on the phone every night. I convinced my parents to let me fly back to my apartment, was settling in, life was good - until my job got cut to part-time in a really demanding sector (entertainment), a month before my lease was up. My boss told me it was partially due to COVID, but it was also clearly partially due to my performance, because I never adjusted well to WFH and then the death of my cat sent me spiraling into the deepest depression I've ever been in. She wasn't going to write me a recommendation. I was panicked and distressed and sure it was over. But then, things turned around. After three weeks of applying, I got a miracle job that paid way better than my old one and was a career step up. I found a new, better apartment in a new, better neighborhood that was close to my new job. I moved. The boy and I made plans to visit each other safely, and he told me all the time how much he thought about me, how much he couldn't wait to meet me, how much he wanted to be together.

And then, the day before I was supposed to go visit him, I was fired out of nowhere. My boss told me I'd made mistakes but didn't tell me what they were when I asked. They didn't give me a warning, written or verbal. I was just asked to leave in the middle of the day on a Thursday, because apparently I'd fucked up that badly. I got a UTI and couldn't have sex during the weekend the guy and I spent together. The weekend seemed fine, but afterwards, he got distant. He told me he wanted to keep things casual, even though we were talking about anniversaries and meeting my parents a week ago. He doesn't text me anymore. I told him to tell me if his feelings had changed, but he insists we're fine while he ghosts me. I have to move out of the apartment I never fully moved into at the end of December. I have no roommates, so I'm alone all day, every day.  And now I'm sick (not with COVID, thank god) on Thanksgiving, with the worst cold I've had in my life, lying around in my silent apartment, counting down the days until I pack my bags and go home as a failure.

Now, after Christmas, I'm about to go back home, again. This time for good. My already meager savings were totally drained by the move. My boyfriend is clearly done with me. And by the time there's a vaccine and I can maybe move back to LA to pursue my industry again, the market will be flooded by newer, cheaper graduates who are hungrier than me. This is it. It's over. There's nothing left for me anymore. I feel like this is rock bottom, but life is going to plunge me even further and deeper down to a new rock bottom. My romantic life is a long string of people who were briefly interested and then dumped me when it came time to actually commit; my career is dead; I'm broke and isolated and a failure. Today, my aunt and uncle called me and I didn't tell them I was fired, because how do you admit how badly you've failed? I'm calling friends 24/7 just to fill up space in my apartment with noise, but I can tell they're already getting frustrated with how whiney I am. Soon, they'll be done with me. I will be a single, sexless, friendless parasite on my parents for the rest of my life.

The only conclusion is that god is punishing me. I'm not even religious, would qualify myself as an atheist if asked, but that has to be true. It's all too clinical, too precise, too designed to not only make me miserable but make me miserable in the most grueling way possible. I don't know what new misery the world has in store for me. I don't know what there is left to take away. But I don't plan on finding out: I'm not going to stick around and let myself get happy, only to have it yanked away again. Happiness is a temporary condition now, and I'd be a moron to fall for it again. I'm taking pills with whiskey tonight, or maybe tomorrow. My boyfriend will see it as a relief, my parents will grieve but will eventually realize it's better for them financially, and my friends will get over it. Tell god he fucking wins. He broke me. I'm done.