I've lost it all.Hey guys, I'm grasping for straws here, idk what to do anymore.

I've lost everyone dear to me in my life, except 1 person, and now I feel like a complete failure to them,  I feel like I'm dragging them down deeper.. Last night I did acid, I really shouldnt have, but it was out of impulse. I guess this acid trip made me realize that I don't belong in this world anymore. I've never actually been so depressed and sad in my life, to the point where I felt suicide is my only option. As I was on acid the person who cared most picked me up as I was walking on a main road trying to self-inflict pain, I've never broke down more in my entire life, I didn't know I could cry this much, but I genuinely wanted to die. I felt weak. Hopeless. Useless. Distraught. Now, prior to doing acid I kindof melted down at work, one of my coworkers claims I am trying to guilt the only person I care about in my life with suicide, and thinks I am not being serious, and this hurts, because I do not ever advocate for this type of behavior, but I guess I shouldve seen it coming, this person has been malicious to me ever since I started working there. Losing everyone in my life except for this 1 girl has been the worst time for me, I always was extremely optimistic, never had a bad day, always cheered people up, now I feel like a deadweight.. like I'm everyone's shadow. You know, it's funny, on this acid trip that's what I realized mostly, that honestly, I've always been the shadow of the group, the person the group cared the least about, very easily replaceable, and well, I guess that's what happened. I used to be around so many people, and thought I was popular, or cool, or chill, but it turns out as I notice, I'm just a shadow of everyone... I'm falling deeper into this hole, and I'm trying to pick myself back up, this girl has been my most supportive person in my entire life and I feel like I'm failing her, like I'm not able to continue on with life, even though I genuinely love her... Someone, please help me, I'm scared.