I don't know what to doMy wife and I have both been severely depressed, to the point of suicidality. I'm 29, she's 26. I learned about two years ago that I am transgender. So I feel like I have found a way to "cure" my depression, but my cure is to transition and it is making her more depressed.  I haven't started any medical transition yet, but I have been transitioning socially for about 8 months. And my depression is lower and less frequent now than it has been in years, I feel like I really am doing the right thing for my own mental health.

My wife tries to be supportive. She uses my preferred pronouns and outwardly supports me, but it's killing her inside. She won't talk to me about it because she says I'm too sensitive and defensive about it. She has also said that I'm becoming narcissistic, and I can see what she means. I recognize the behaviors in myself and I'm trying not to be, but I think it stems from my trying to fight the shame of being trans that I've felt most of my life. My wife is openly bisexual (she came out right after I came out as trans) but she has never had a relationship with a woman. She has also been diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder, which makes her very hard on herself and gives her severe social anxiety. So she has nobody to talk to because she has no friends and isn't very close to her family. She's a very intelligent person, she just got her Masters degree and is going to get a PhD.  She also told me this morning that people with BPD have around an 80% suicide attempt rate. And that it is basically on her mind all the time.

I really really don't know what to do. I've found a treatment for my depression, but it's making her's worse. We've been married about 5 years and have talked about getting a divorce multiple times. But I'm afraid that if we ever actually did, the rejection would literally kill her. Or if not it would traumatize her so severely she wouldn't be able to recover from it.

I'm going to cross post this because I really need some help. Please.