My father just said something to me, something that I can not handle.Long post ahead, I am sorry, I don't expect  you to respond but I have hope. don't feel obligated.. but please.. 

He just comes up to me and tells me that he is going to kick me out  at 18, and that I better find something that I can make living out of. He says that with a smile on his face, when I tell him that it hurts me he just tells "I don't care I just told you so you would be prepared"


 I am 16, I am not emotionally stable, I am male but I am more emotional than the average woman is. I've been hearing these kind of things since I was 10,  I don't have any good childhood memories, because I was always involved in the adult world and it's problems, parents would always involve me in their financial problems, their marriage problems. . , I'm a bad student, even thought I study more than the usual person would, studying is all I do most of the days, but mostly it's studying things outside of school subjects. The only thing I am exceptional at is English (third language) He told me that it's impractical and that I should tell him a way in which I am going to use my English to make money....   I just started doing good, after he told me this I got very demotivated again. Of course I don't know how to make money of any skill I posses but that's just not the way I want to look at the world.


 When I am very happy I just ask myself "When is this going to end."  I am trying to be  an artist, I am a failed artist, can't draw, couldn't learn to play instruments, because of money and time. Been doing CGI for few years, sucked at it. Now I am at photography, I love it so much. I am pretty good at it. But every time I see him, every time he tells me something like this, I am all out of ideas. I am all out of artistry.  I have been trying to write as well, a book, I was just in the middle of writing a song that one of the characters sings, It was all in my head now it's gone. All he does by his speeches is make everything worse, demotivate me, make me sad.  Does he think he is helping me? Does he even care about me? This just makes me damaged, emotionally, and it impacts my grades, my motivations, my creative mind, I just instantly lose any motivation to try or to study because how am I going to make money with that, right?  And ART is impossible to do in this state.


 Throughout the years of my parents failed marriage I've been involved in so many of their arguments and literal fights I don't know. The most vivid memory I have of my childhood is when I was 6, I know exactly how I fell, I was happy and I went to my dad (he was with his friends in a restaurant somewhere)  I have just gotten glasses before that I was almost blind so I have never evolved any motor skills. Instantly as he sees me running there he says "here comes my dumb/retarded son." I cried. This happened so many times.  I have evolved into a person who actually looks emotionally though, I now realized that it's just a defensive mechanism. I don't want anything to get to me, I don't want to fall in love, or like someone very much, because I expect them to hurt me. My everyday life is just pretending to be someone I am not. I don't want to open up,  I can not open up to my sisters, not to my mother, I can only open up to strangers on the internet, but it feels wrong, to ask someone for help. I am also expecting to be rejected banned or just ignored. For some reason though, I can be emotionally tough unless it comes to the root of the problem, which is my family, if my father only raises his voice a little, I'm going to be depressed for the next few days to come. 

Same for my mother, she hasn't done my as much harm. She is a good person, I know she is, I know my father abused her, but I cannot look into her eyes and tell her that I love her. She still has done much harm to me.  Everytime she was depressed  or my father made her angry, I was the child to scream at(I have 3 sisters), I was the child to blame. I was also the child to share the problems with, so my child mind would have these though questions and problems to deal with instead of enjoying itself right ?  Few years ago she found a cat ( I didn't like cats ) She told me that we are going to find it a new home in a week, we found a dog a year before the cat, a dog that I loved but we had to give it away, after 2 weeks of the cat still being in our house I stupidly insisted that we should find it a home(You must understand that in my childhood and even now, those things happened out of nowhere,one time I was happy thought that nothing like that is going to happen again, that's why I could get very irrational and raise voice on my parents and stuff, like a normal child would, we looked like a normal family and than BOOM out of nowhere my father beats up my mother or  my mother starts living with another man than comes back, than we are family again for a year and than BOOM (usually in the summer) the shit happens again which now makes me scared,  when is it happening again?  )
 so that time  without a warning, or anything my mom just flipped out, took the cat, got into a car and dropped the cat off somewhere in the  forest, than I realized what I've done. I've just killed a fucking cat, because  I was stupid. I also cried.


Nowadays though, I am a like a zombie, I completely isolate myself from all feelings. There are always exceptions, sometimes, like recently I have fallen in love with a girl that I am never going to tell I have fallen in love with. Simply I know that it's impossible and that I won't be able to talk to her anymore. And I don't want to lose that, she literally makes my life better everyday I write with her. I have told her many things but I can not share none of this, I don't want to see her sad, I don't  want to concern her with this stuff. But without that exception. I think I am slowly but surely becoming a Sociopath, and if not that, I am  going to kill myself.  The girl I am talking about is the reason I've stopped myself so many times, but it's not going to last forever. Even though I love my sisters, my mother and my father as well, I don't care about the impact my death will have on them. Which is irrational, since, I have never met that girl in real life, she is also older than me, and I know for damn sure she doesn't have any feelings towards me :)  I just talk with her through the internet. and yet. She is keeping me alive, literally. But, the question is, when is THIS going to end ? Because it will. And when it does,  I am going to kill myself and I have no reason to not. Because I don't fear death. And I can die painfully, I don't care.

**EDIT: Sorry I had a lot to think about so I didn't respond  until now.  My Father again screamed at me and told me that I can not make living out of photography and that all artists are only popular after they die and that I'd better die young so that he can enjoy my money.. yeah. He tries to force me into things I don't want to do and screams at me all the time if I am currently doing something that does not directly lead to me NOT getting money**