Hopeful and hopelessMy bpd makes me have very black and white thinking. I go from trying to get better and searching for new good methods of coping to actively trying to  find ways to kill myself.

I do want to get better but it’s hard to see that ever happening when I’m bad. I have a lot of things keeping me going even if I can’t believe it. I’m trying my best to help out on the mental health blog I’m apart of on tumblr, mental health advice. I would recommend going there for help if you need to talk to someone who has gone through what you have. The friends that I have met on this blog keep me going and I know that I’m doing good by helping people like me.

I don’t really know why I’m writing, I just know writing makes me feel better. 

I’ve been trying to find things I can do to cope. I’m doing little things that may seem stupid but if it keeps me from ending it then that’s all that matters. I’m trying to make a self-care/mental health box type thing that has things I can use to distract myself when I’m bad. So far I just bought legos because I wanted to and I feel like that would help. I suggest you try this if you think it would help. I’m going to put some other things I can use as a distraction like puzzles and things like that. 

So far playing the new Pokémon game has helped me a bit. Also going out with friends a bit, or should I say going out with friend. I was very bad before I left but it helped a lot to be distracted with someone who kinda understands and didn’t make me talk about what was going wrong. Not that talking is bad, it’s just the only thing I ever do. I just want to stop talking about it and physically do something to fight it.

I don’t know why I made this but maybe it will help me or someone else. I am very hopeful and hopeless at the same time. 

I am done having to deal with mental illness. Well I know I can’t shut it off but I’m going to try so much harder than before. I’m going to get rid of all of the pills that I don’t need so I don’t have them to abuse/overdose on. I’m going to keep being organized and try to organize ways I can stay better, like remembering medication. Being organized really helps my mental health so I feel like this will help.

Another reason I’m suicidal is because I feel like I don’t have a future. I don’t feel like I have access to education like I want and what I want to do is looked down upon anyways. But fuck that I’m gonna start classes again. I’m gonna write music. I think I want to do music therapy, so I am ready to start making myself better so I can finally live and see a future for myself. I know I’ll feel the opposite of this later. I constantly write all of these motivation type posts for me but then I feel like they are stupid and a lie when I’m bad. I’m gonna try to look back on the moments when I’m positive and try to think, “I’m not always bad. This will go away. Even if this happens all of the time everyday, it will stop.”

I’m ready to live.