My first post here. Please help... Tried to talk to my wife about feeling depressed/suicidal - she wasn't very understanding and now I feel worse.Hi everyone.  

Firstly this is a copy of my post from /r/depression (https://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/6q2zkm/my_first_post_here_please_help_tried_to_talk_to/ ) so please feel free to comment there instead if you want. 

It's my first time on this subreddit (only just found it today).  Now I know it's here I'll try to come more often to listen to people, but today I'm not in a good place; I'm hoping I'll find people that will listen and help here as I feel pretty low and lonely. 

I've struggled with depression on and off for about 20 years.  Recently it's getting worse.  I feel isolated from my wife/daughter and like my life holds little joy or meaning.  I feel like I just live to work to support my family (my wife is a stay at home mum) and like they don't really appreciate me or want me other than to pay for their life together.  It's made worse as I have chronic fatigue so every day is a struggle and I also support my family on my own (my wife is a stay at home mum). I know these bad thoughts are probably just in my brain and not reality - but this is how it feels.  Recently I lost one of my Idols (Chester Bennington from Linking Park, who committed suicide a week ago).  It hit me harder than I expected for some reason - I guess as their music was a light in dark times.  I don't have intentions to kill myself,  but I've had thoughts that it would be better if this ended and I was free - better not to keep going back and forth for decades with depression and to feel like I struggle every day.  All the Chester Bennington sites say to talk to people before you choose to take action, so last night that was what I did.  I tried to talk to my wife and say how I feel depressed and stressed and tired and like I feel isolated from her and from my family.  Her response really surprised me; instead of saying anything sympathetic or asking what I need or how she could help or just saying things will improve (which I think would have been my reaction) she just said I need to "own my own shit!" and that "this wasn't all her fault".  She basically said I need to sort myself out as this is all my own shit and not hers.  To be honest it knocked me for six and it's just made everything a lot worse.  In my head it confirms things like how she doesn't really care - how I'm just a wage slave for the family. It at least confirms she doesn't understand, which I can get, but she seems not to want to stand.  It was all very "tough love" and that's the complete opposite of what I need. To be honest it wasn't even touch love, it wasn't even "man up" - it felt like "this is all your own mess - you deal with it".  It made me feel even more alone than I did before...  

Today I feel very low.  She bought me a cup of tea this morning and asked if I was ok (a peace offering I think); all I could say was "no".  I'm not ok.  Things aren't ok.  We just got into another argument with her again saying it's not her fault (which I've never said it is - I know my head is the main problem).  I asked her to go and she said no and that I need to talk to her - but how can I when I just get these reactions? I mean, who says things like what she said that to someone that's asking for help?  Especially given that I give my life for her to have the life she wants, at home with our daughter!  I give her everything and she couldn't even give me kindness in a dark time... How does she expect me to talk to her now?  


Sorry that this is just a long stream of consciousness laid down in text.   I guess I just need to put these thoughts somewhere and I'm hoping I may find someone that understands or shows some kindness.  I don't find I get either in my life - just people that want to take from me. I have no-one to talk to in my life, and I need someone right now.

For anyone that's read this far I really thank you for taking the time. Please post a reply, even if just to say I'm not alone... Thank you and god bless you.