New here, not sure what I'm looking for. Maybe just a place to tell my story.I have always been drawn to the counter culture of the 60s and 70s. Drawn to places like Woodstock, music like The Beatles, Jefferson Airplane, and Grateful Dead. I've smoked more weed in my life than Cheech and Chong combined. I started in college, around 2013, to avoid my problems and used it as a crutch. It was illegal where I lived, so I moved to Denver, Colorado last year. Today, I have such a high tolerance that I don't even get high anymore. This sucks because I'm unable to mask my pain from myself anymore. I'm 26 years old, I'll be 27 in May. I'm gay, and my husband and I have been married a little over a year now. I used to be a paramedic, and a correctional officer. Now I'm unemployed and I can't seem to get a grip on things. My husband provides our sole income, and we are not able to pay our rent this month so I fear that we will be out on the street with our cats in the near future. We have no family here. Everyone we know lives on the other side of the country. I want to go home but I don't want to be anyone's burden anymore. I used to have my whole life together. I was in a fraternity, had so many friends, so many fun times. And now I have no one but my suicide-driven thoughts. My husband goes to work, comes home and goes right to bed. On his days off he sleeps the entire day through. I feel very much alone and I don't see any way out. I have always anticipated that I'd be part of the "27 Club" - for those who don't know it's the term given to many musical artists who have died at the age 26. Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, and Kurt Cobain to name a few. So this year, 2020, I will turn 27. And I have this feeling in the pit of my stomach that I'm going to die. Probably by my own suicide. Is it strange that I can't tell if I'm actually a suicide risk? I don't want to worry my husband or family with this. I don't have health insurance, and I just think that fighting this may be more trouble than what it's worth. I'm not looking for sympathy really. I guess I'm looking to see if I'm truly as alone as I feel. Has this happened to anyone else? Is it just me?