Fighting a Losing Battle Against LifeI honestly thought I was doing better, SW. I really did. I hadn't been fighting with people as much, my mood was getting better, Community is back in it's rightful place, and Battle Royale is finally getting an American release, all very good reasons to want to live, right? But then, this morning, it hit me like a ton of bricks. I'm a loser, and no matter what I do, or how hard I try, I always will be. 

Today is another day of being pathetically broke for me. I have no money to go get something to eat, or to get something to help boost my mood. My mom's friend promised to let her borrow $100 at work to get us through the week, then he called in sick. On top of that, 60% of my mom's coming paycheck will have to go to rent, and that doesn't even count the other bills. Our gas is off, and our fridge is broken. (Thank god we don't have any food to cook with it, amIright?) People always give me the classic "GET A JERB AND ERRRYTHANG WHEEL BE EH-OKAY! DURH" speech, as if I haven't tried. All the work I had done before was under the table, and I can't put it on my resume. I've applied a million times over to every place in the vicinity, and I got jack shit. Not even a call back! I'm fucking unemployable. And even if I get a job, it'd probably only bring a paltry amount barely enough to make a dent in the bills, so I'll probably not be able or allowed to keep any of the fruits of my labor. And on top of that, all the people who tell me to get a job do absolutely nothing but bitch and moan about theirs. So, let's send the admittedly suicidal guy out into a world that has never accepted him, act like it will now, and make him get a pathetically low paying job that'll only further his feelings of dehumanization and depression so he can have money that he doesn't get to keep because those cases certainly has proven to have ended well and never with said guy snapping... YAY FOR LOGIC!! Problem solved. *facepalm* I hate the people in my life.

On top of that, I'm never going to be acceptable enough for someone to love me. On the point of the Battle Royale American release, I was elatedly telling my two best friends about it. (One male who constantly mocks my nerdy obsessions and hobbies and once systematically isolated me from the only group of friends for years before he realized what a dick he was. The other is female, who I had a crush on for 10 years before she turned into an evil hipster bitch and got knocked by an asshole who abandoned her, all while ignoring my feelings because I was "boring" while they weren't.) They then started telling me about all the cool new nerdy/cult things that their boyfriend/girlfriend got them into, like Donnie Darko, Doctor Who, DeathNote, Oldboy, Evangelion, Marble Hornets, etc...

...Every single one of which I had told them about before and tried to get them to watch because I knew they'd enjoy it, only to be mocked and called a nerd! What the FUCK!?! Oh, because they're "hot" enough for you to want to fuck them (which they really aren't, honestly. My guy friends current "fwb" is like an 7/10 at best. Points off for being another self-styled Manic Pixie Dream Girl that are so prevalent nowadays. The girl's guy is no way more attractive than me, but has a job and kid of his own.) their nerdiness is acceptable while it's absolutely ok to mock me! No, it's fine, really. It's ok for you to treat them better than you do me because of what they can offer you, and then turn it around and bitch to me about how horrible they are to you because I'm chopped fucking liver, right? Sure, why not! Not like my feelings have ever mattered, why should they start to now!?!? I'm sick of the fucking hipster assholes and "beautiful people" co-opting geek culture to give them a false sense of identity and depth of character aside from being a shallow hipster fuck when they so happily excluded us when it suited them. I'm especially sick of the notion of "meritocracy". GTFO!!!!

And love, don't even get me started on that fuckin' crock! Every girl that I've ever known says that their best romantic relationships start off as friendships, and that they want a guy who listens, but then they'll friendzone me, use me as an emotional tampon, and call me selfish for being their friend while wanting something more from it when I tell them the truth. Where's the logic in that? And then people tell me that I need to be exclusive about the people I choose to associate with, and that I need to be more discerning as if I'm some Don Juan, life of the party motherfucker who everyone wants to hang out with. The thing is, I CAN'T BE! People barely even give me the chance to be a friend, let alone a boyfriend. Social interaction has always been like yanking out my own teeth with rusty pliers with a loose nut and no anesthesia. A whole lot of needless effort for a lot of pain in return. Sometimes I want to make like Chief Tyrol at the end of BSG and (spoiler alert) abandon all these assholes who have only served to make my life a living hell, and go off to Scotland to be alone. Of course, though, I'm absolutely terrible at solitude and need people to stave off my own sense of loneliness. I'm damned if I do, and especially damned if I don't!!

And then there's the cherry on top, in the past year, I've become very interested in social justice. I'm a libertarian socialist, so naturally, I believe that this and egalitarianism go hand-in-hand. Thus, on Tumblr, I follow a lot of "social justice" blogs and check as many tags as I can ("misogyny", "misandry", "feminism", "anti-feminism", "MRA", "egalitarianism") and it's a total fucking crapshoot. Everywhere I look, there are feminists who believe that I should be marginalized and have my life made a living hell because I'm a "white cissexual male" and thus automatically part of the oppressors, and I've never even had the chance to meet them, let alone oppress them! Worse, there a bunch of men willing to agree to that logic! That's not saying however, that masculists are any better. They go around praising deliberate misogyny for the most part, thinking that that's a proper response to fighting a problem. (Replace misogyny with misandry and you'll have most tumblr feminists. They even take it a step further by saying that misandry doesn't even exist to obfuscate theirs!) Honestly, I do want real equality, but these people have to come in and fuck up any attempts at intellectual discourse. I think the only way that society is going to ever change is with an ocean's worth of bloodshed as history has proven, and I can't say that, because if I do, I'm a fucking looney school-shooter kid or a goddamn terrorist! So I may as well spill some blood of my own to make all this shit stop. I really can't think of any way that any of the above mentioned will change while I'm still alive without lot's of either hurt feelings (mostly mine because of the fact that it doesn't) or lots of horrific violence. (Not necessarily done by me.)

I guess that's what it all comes down to, I'm sick of living in a world that tells me that it's ok for me to be constantly put down, dehumanized, and marginalized. And instead of trying to help, or make me feel better, everyone just fucking justifies it and gives me reasons why it's A-OK for me to be the constant Butt Monkey! Capitalism, love, friendship, happiness, it's all fucking lies and I've had it up to here with it! Please, SW, help. I'm desperate.

P.S. My mom called in the middle of typing all of this to remind me that it's my late dad's birthday. He died while my mom was pregnant with him, and even thinking about him hurts. Just when you think you've gone as low as you can, there's always another hole just around the corner for you to fall in.