Paying for the dumb decisions I've madeI'm 27f. I'm not sure what to do. I feel numb and cold. Like nothing could make me out to be a worthwhile investment again. 

About a year ago my fiance and I broke it off. I'll never forgive myself for how that relationship went. He was horribly depressed. One day he came to me and said he didn't want to build a family despite wanting to be with me. I told him I did and he should leave. There was a discussion about whether it had to do with depression and he assured me he'd felt that way much longer than how long he had been depressed. After that it came out he had tried to sleep with people on Craiglist and that he was snooping through my reddit accounts, emails, and craigslist posts. He had figured out my passwords and gotten into everything after we'd broken up. 

That sucked. I had committed myself to this person and now he won't do anything wit his life. Why did I allow him to become this shell?

Fast forward a bit I've been seeing this guy for 7 months. While sexually exclusive, we have never been emotionally inclusive. Meaning... we were non-committal. I really enjoyed this guys company but he was generally not a great person to be in a relationship with. he would show up to hang out at 10/11 and he would drive me home whenever we woke up. There weren't dinners. There was hardly breakfasts. There was barely even hanging out at bars. 

That said I really liked the guy and would've liked to have taken it further had he shown a little more care. 

About a month ago I found him on CL trolling for a date on both Casual Encounters and after I searched I found him on Men seeking Women as well. (I was on CE because I get off on how raunchy some people are on there. I know it's gross, but thats what this post is about - how terrible I am). Anyway... he was there. I faked being someone else. Cornered him. He came over and never really said that he didn't want to see other people or anything but said he had learned his lesson and will not be doing that again. 

Fast Fwd a week I had tried to hang out with him. I was pretty much the one who hit him up for entertainment. He wasn't really hanging out. 

My roommate was moving out and came onto me... I allowed it to happen. In fact, at the time while guilty I was super into it. I wasn't guilty because of this guy though, I was guilty because my roommate is also my best friend's ex boyfriend who she is still very much in love with. 

Fast forward a month. I find a letter left by my roommate that said a whole bunch of sweet things that were just about what great friends we were and how we should keep in contact depsite him leaving the state and how good we are for each other (not nec in the confines of a relationship but as people). I took a picture of it and sent it to him to show that I'd found it. 

That night I hang out with this guy and I was showing pictures of my new room as I had moved into my roommates old room. Guy has my phone and the picture just previous to those is this note which i didn't realize he would read. 

I came clean about the situation and now he won't see me. He won't even give me the chance. 

Listen reddit. I feel HORRIBLE about what I did to my friend. I never wanted to make out with my roommate.  knew there was something there but I never wanted to act on it. When my roommie did I couldn't help it. He is the only person that showed he cared in a long time. Then it turned out my roommie and I weren't quite right. Mostly I could never date him because of my friend, despite having hooked up with him. But he made me happy for a moment and now I just feel like I will be a terrible person for the rest of my life. 

I broke a code that you just DON'T break. I can't confront my friend about it. This guy won't forgive me for it. And my roommie is a womanizing asshole. 

I don't sleep well anymore. I prolly won't sleeep befoe I have to work tomorrow. My job is menial. My dreams are non existent. My looks are fading faster than my qualification for life. I live near a bridge. 