The Happy PeopleApologies for the wall of text in advanced:

I'm a 21 year old jobless, college dropout. Two years ago, my life ground to an absolute stop when I was kicked out of Drexel University over money problems that weren't entirely my fault, and a girl that I had a crush on for the good part of a decade got knocked up by a guy who abandoned her. Since then, I've been in a self-loathing, depressed slump. Through my whole damn life, growing up without my dad, being bullied, being thrown out of Drexel, watching the only place I've ever felt at home be shut down (again, over money), everyone would only tell me one thing: It'll get better. They lied. I've done nothing but what life's asked of me, and I have received nothing in return. Only recently have I been trying to remedy this by seeking help and trying to be more outgoing socially. I live with my mother in near infinite poverty, and getting help has really been like banging my head into a damn wall. (But that's all besides the point. I'm sure I'll be back here posting about this shit eventually.)

No, my problem isn't with my depression, or the slut, or even the bullshit nonsensical fictionland that Capitalism has turned the world into. No, my problem is with the happy people. You know who I'm talking about, the people who are completely content with their lives, who've never had the rug pulled out from under them, and who are more than content to offer fake sympathy and understand to save face, all while rubbing it in just how much better they have it than you.

Now, a good number of people (most every damn one) I know can fit into this little description, but there are two people who stick out to me the most:

The first one has been my best friend for nearly my whole life. Unlike most people, he actually puts forth the effort to be a good friend, which means a hell of a lot to me. But ever since I've known him, he's had this massive compulsion to make himself feel superior no matter what the cost to anyone else. Up until recently, he's always made me feel like he just kept me around to make himself look less like a perverted loser to girls. (And that tendency hasn't entirely disappeared.) Even worse, life's given him every damn thing that I've ever wanted. He has a normal family with a dad (even the sisters that I wanted as an only child and never got), a nice two story house to live with them in (I just barely avoided eviction), gets to go to Drexel even with less scholarship money (even though he's coasting through it because he picked a major he didn't give two shits about), more women than I could ever want (Even the aforementioned one who got knocked up!) we even applied for the same damn job on the same fuckin' day! (Three guesses as to who got it...) And I wouldn't even mind that part, but he doesn't appreciate it! He just spouts all this meandering pseudo-intellectual nihilistic bullshit, prattling on and on about the meaninglessness of life, and how it's all an unfair random mess, when he's been handed every damn thing!!!!

Even worse than him, though, is a girl who I've known since kindergarten. She has the lofty image of herself as this hipster goddess, another one of those self styled Manic Pixie Dream Girls who plague the world nowadays. She plays guitar, goes out everywhere, is well read, and pretentious as all fucking fuck. She's always had this high ideal of herself. You see, I once had a crush on her, and even asked her to my high school prom. She says no, money reasons, whatever. However, within the same week, she magically gets the money to go, and a dress from her aunt, and a date with this guy who was suspended his first day of school for bringing in a knife. But that's not the worst part, no. She has a shitty time at the prom, and then has the damn balls to bitch about it to me, the guy she rejected!! (I called her out on this, but it didn't even seem to make a damn dent. All she did was give a hollow apology, and then block me a few days later. Fucking cunt.) But even after we started talking again, she still wouldn't stop! She tells me about all the fun little adventure she has like hanging out with ?uestlove from the Roots (She didn't even use the damn "?", she spelled it with a goddamn Q for fuck's sake!), opened for the Dead Milkmen, and how her and her band will be going to Chicago in the spring to record with Steve fuckin' Albini himself, of course not until after they tour Europe and take a "cheapness race" to Key West. (Yes, she actually explained this whole concept to me, a guy who hasn't been able to keep enough money to even go on vacation since 6th grade. Her and her friends are going to see who can make it down to Key West the cheapest and fastest just to see the country before leaving. Because that's not conspicuous consumption at all!) And the worst part is that she's one of those irksome pompous bleeding heart liberals who pretends to give a shit about Occupy and the poor and shit, all while being gleefully oblivious to those people around her who are suffering. What makes this cunt deserve to be happy? Why does she get even the chance at fame and fortune while I'm left to rot with absolutely nothing to show for my efforts? (And don't even try to give me the "Oh, she deserves it because she put in some nonesense and unquantifiable amount of work. Deeeerrpp." Answer because if I hear that shit one more time, I absolutely will kill myself.)

Now, you're probably asking, what the hell does you being a bitter, jealous nancy boy have to do with anything? Well, when I see these people who I feel don't deserve all these blessing that they take for granted, it makes me want to absolutely just snap. I nearly feel physically ill when I hear them go on and on about how fulfilling and happy their lives are, and patting themselves on the back, all while giving feigned sympathy, telling me it'll get better, but that I should be ashamed of myself because I didn't get up off my ass and earn it like they did and that I've had a pretty good life compared to, say, a cancer patient or a starving child in the Congo. They act as though I haven't tried to make myself feel better, and that I'm as happy as a pig in shit being a depressed loser all the time. And that's the thing that makes me want to die. It makes me feel like, "Oh, because I happen to be white, and in America, I by default don't have problems! USA! USA!" just because I'm not dying, even though I feel like I am inside. And I'm not just having these thoughts about myself, I'm having it about them. Their lived are taking off while I'm stuck in the mud. I want to knock them off their damned high horses, and let them know that whether they like it or not, their little high and mighty bullshit is just that. I want to get in their fucking ears and scream until they're deaf. I grab them by their throats, drag them off their high horses, and remind them that no matter how much better they think they are than me, at the end of the day they're stuck in the mud just like me. This manifests itself in violent fantasies of myself just absolutely destroying them, physically, emotionally, and mentally. I sometimes even think that killing myself would snap these bastards out of it, but the thing is, they wouldn't give a fuck. They've abandoned me before without a care, and they probably wouldn't miss me at all if I were dead. They probably didn't miss me when I was alive. That's my problem, they don't give a fucking fuck about me, and don't even give me enough of a passing thought to be sensitive to my feelings, so why should I give a fuck about theirs? Even the girl that got knocked up is doing better off than I am. I feel like I'm on the verge of snapping, and I need help. Please help...