I feel more and more isolated each day, and no one around me knows or cares how bad things are...I'm not very good at talking about my feelings and I don't think I've ever shared everything I'm about to but I'm so tired of having to constantly keep things to myself, having to edit and censor conversations so I don't make anyone uncomfortable - and ultimately having no one I can honestly and openly talk to.

It's not that I've never tried to reach out, I have - but I think people don't understand how bad things are because they never see me at my worst. Obviously I try to be cheerful and happy when I'm around other people, so when I try and talk to friends or family, they think it's a one-off bad moment/day rather than a moment expressing how I feel everyday. 

I feel like my only option is to end things because I know I'll never stop being depressed (it's been 7 years since I was first diagnosed) and each day is an exhausting battle and as petulant as it sounds there's no prize for winning the fight - you just get another shitty day to slog through.

I'm 23 and I cannot imagine living the rest of my life like this - people always insist things will get better and if they could give me a timeline I would believe that - but indefinitely waiting for something to change is just impossible. 

I feel alone despite having family and friends. 
I feel unloved and like everyone hates me, despite people insisting they care for me. 
I feel like a giant failure with regards to the degree I've tried to get this past year. 
I feel so embarrassed about being such a mess when I should be getting my life together and starting out properly. 
I feel so guilty for what I will (eventually) do and how horrible it'll make my loved ones feel.
I feel like a burden anytime I say something to anyone and try to share it. 
I feel angry and frustrated because people say things like "don't be so negative" or "just think positive!" when I try to share my concerns and worries. 
I feel like I'm at such a dead end and I desperately wish someone could help me, but deep down I know that this is the sort of problem you have to fix for yourself, and I just don't have it in me to keep trying to fix it - especially because I have to do it on my own. 

