I want to die. I am not depressed, or even sad. Just tired.So I feel the need to elaborate some on this posting.

First off I have been wanting to kill myself since I was about 14. I have had worse time, and I have had better times. I just turned 24. So it seems like a good time to say something about it. A decade having passed and all. 

I have attempted suicide 3 times. First time tried to slit my wrist when I was 16. I went into a field in the middle of nowhere down some dirt tracks and hid myself in some bushes in-between two hills I was not going to be disturbed. I very unfortunately brought with me a really blunt knife. After sawing at my wrist for about 5 minutes until I had burn marks and puss was starting to come out, I actually had to stop because I was crying and shaking too hard. I was incredibly disappointed with myself and I also lost my knife :( 
Second time I was 17.... Pills. Failed woke up deaf from tinnitus (lasted 2 weeks) and my dad shoved charcoal pills down my throat and I vomited everywhere.

 Third time I was 20. only had a coat hanger and one of those pens you use for your phone with the rubber taken out and also a metal shelving rack. That and a shitload of meth, stress and adrenaline in my system. I proceeded to smash the shelving rack over my head repeatedly until it was bent to the shape of my head and lost effectiveness. Next I grabbed the coat hanger and tried to strangle myself with it remember I was very high on meth and I was also having some sort of a mental breakdown (my girlfriend who I had gotten off of heroin 3 times had just gotten high again) hypocrite I know... Anyway. I then grabbed the pen and tore the rubber off and proceeded to shovel skin out of my arm piece by piece. I have some pretty crazy looking scars from that one. Anyway. My girlfriend jumped on me and after some wrestling I fucked the shit out of her. Very bloody. Was quite strange.

Now. As I said. I am 24. I feel as though I should mention, when I was 15. I promised myself that I would kill myself before the age of 30. People told me I would be over this shit by then. So far... not really.

Right now I am in-between jobs. I have 6 different job offers for reasonable paying jobs (nothing less than 17.70 an hour) and I have a couple thousand in savings. I am clean off all my drugs. My girlfriend is also (same girl from before) we have been together for just over 3 years. I think I love her. She says she loves me. 

But..... I just really don't give a shit about any of it. I feel bad when I stand on blades of grass because I hate that I am damaging them. I am vegetarian, but I don't even have the self discipline to be vegan despite hating myself for crushing a flower a bee could have landed on. I hate all my jobs because I am always working shitty warehouse jobs where we don't give a shit about the environment, but I only have a GED and good work ethic to my name. So I can only get shit jobs. I always feel like I put so much hard work into my job and nobody gives a shit. I get a raise. maybe some praise, but at the end of the day. I don't give a shit.

I feel every day I live on this planet. I impact it negatively. Don't you dare tell me to go pick up garbage or get Involved. I am way too fucking lazy for that shit. I work hard at work, I give it my all. I go home and I become a vegetable. Sometimes I wont eat for days at a time because I too lazy to get myself food. I mean literal days at a time. I am actually pretty strong considering, but I look like a stick figure. I don't know how it works.... but it does. 

I don't know where I am going with this really. I guess what I really wanted to say was. I just want to die. every day I get older, I feel more like a failure and I dislike myself more. I get less of the depression (used to get hardcore debilitating depression) and then a week of absolute insane happiness. I have no idea how my girlfriend handles it all. She pretty much is the only reason I am still alive. Literally. I would probably have starved to death already if she didn't make me eat. 

Food is cool, sex is cool, life is cool, work was cool, even my boss was cool. Now I have loads of new opportunities. There is really nothing fundamentally wrong with my life. Except for me. I simply do not like myself. I don't think I am really looking for help. Unless you could tell me a good place to get a bottle of CO.... I think maybe I will take the cat converter off my car and do the good old hose through my window method. (yes I own a car and hate myself for not being vegan I know I am hypocritical)

I really don't know why I started this posting.... I think I kind of wanted to let people know that I am sound of mind, but I do just want to die, and I really don't feel like trying to slit my wrists. I just don't have that same suicidal drive anymore. I just am tired of my life.

So maybe if you guys know some easy to go methods. I will check them out. Maybe I will even film them..... Not really sure how I will upload after though.... I guess I could leave a suicide note. How cliche.

Goodbye.


