I exposed my suicidal ideation to my most trusted teacher, and the obvious happenedI know, I was here yesterday. However, this was the worst experience I’ve faced with my suicidal thoughts. I could’ve prevented any of this from transpiring, but I felt isolated and my entire world was falling apart. I had no other choice.

To preface this and provide context, I was triggered that morning by my boyfriend saying he was thinking about breaking up with me, in addition to me failing a class. The downward spiral didn’t end; it kept going. As a result, I felt entirely alone, and wanted to kill myself more than ever.

I always sit with my English teacher, Mr. C, during lunch since I don’t have friends to eat with in the cafeteria. He noticed I was miserable, and asked me if everything was okay. I couldn’t contain anything. I admitted how I felt and what I wanted to do. Within ten minutes of sobbing and trying to explain my mental state, I was sent to the front office and basically interrogated. I had to be asked if I planned on hurting myself or others, killing myself or others, so on and so forth. It was humiliating.

In the end, the social worker who asked me these questions deemed me “low-risk” and said she wouldn’t have me sent away to inpatient care. However, she still called home. I don’t want to explain how degrading that was. I hate talking about my feelings with people and it takes so much out of me to keep all my thoughts in. Now my dirty laundry is stacked high and can’t be ignored by my parents. I wouldn’t find out the ramifications of my actions until I got home.

I never felt more ostracized. At all. Imagine being unwelcome and unwanted in your own home, and no matter where you went you felt like you didn’t belong there. Thats how it was like yesterday.

I don’t want to be here anymore. I want to run away and start over, suppress my suicidal thoughts and everything that makes me a god awful person, and live a normal, plain, dull life. That would be more fulfilling than living a life where everyone knows you don’t want to live anymore.

Lesson learned - keep shit to yourself.