I am a horrible human being and the abusive girlfriendThis may end up being a noncoherent rant but here it goes.


i realized tonight that I am the abusive girlfriend, the one doing the abusing of all the men I have dated.  I emotionally abuse them into thinking they are doing something wrong all the time and when they hangout with their friends I make them think they shouldn't be.  My latest victim felt awful after having 4 drinks with his friends, and I yelled at him.  He thinks the night and the fight was his fault and not really mine.  I only just realized this, but I've done this to every guy I've ever dated and I can't stop myself.  I also find enjoyment out of hitting guys, and for all of this I am an awful human being.  


Because of these recent realizations I have the overwhelming desire to kill myself.  I don't deserve to live because I am just a stain on the existence of anyone I come into contact with.  I have been suicidal before, been to a therapist, been on meds that frankly didn't make me feel better, stopped taking those over a year ago and generally felt fine.  Tonight all I could recite while on the phone with my boyfriend while I got him to talk his way into feeling like an awful person was variations of "I need to cut." (former self-harmer of over 500 slices, haven't in over two years).  That recitation was all before I realized how awful I am which has now escalated into me planning my death and ranting in a very non-coherent way to reddit.  


I'd say thank you and I love you all, but I'd frankly make you feel like this was all your fault anyway, so I'm just going to hope someone can help me not feel so awful and like I want to die sooner rather than later.

TL;DR I am emotionally abusing my boyfriend and have to every past boyfriend.  History of suicidal thoughts, self harm, and depression.  I am an awful stain on the earth. 20ypo F


EDIT: I might mention my mother (who I live with) is emotionally abusive to me.  I have an older brother who doesnt have a job and hasn't gone to school.  My dad died a year and a half ago from a degenerative disease called ataxia that i have a 50/50 shot of having.  If I have my dad's disease I would definitely go for it.