Concerned for a friend, our conversation has left me shaken up.I want to start from the beginning, I apologize early on if the information is not needed. I will try to get to our conversation that just happened a few minutes ago quickly. Sorry if the formatting and paragraphing is weird. 


I play online video games quite a lot. This has led me to meet plenty of people who come in and out of my life a lot. Except for one of my friends who we will call James. We have talked and played together for a little over a year now. This has caused a pretty good relationship to grow between us. We text/call each other and even video chat on the occasion. James is 19 and lives in another state than I. 


Because we have grown so close we talk a lot about things that happen in real life and about our pasts. He mentioned to me that he has attempted suicide before, but was saved, and generally during our relationship he was never depressed or has ever shown any signs that he is still feeling like killing himself. 


It all started a about 6 months ago, when he got together with this woman, they dated for a few weeks and he made her pretty happy. He often makes the mistake of falling to quickly and deeply in love. When they broke up he was very depressed, the only time we would ever talk was when he was completely intoxicated. We went through a period where he would never answer calls or texts from me even. Finally, some good things happened in his life that brought him up and we were talking again. 


Just 2 weeks ago, he decided to try dating again. He met a girl via a dating app. They talked non stop, which made him smile and laugh and REALLY made a difference in him that even I could see from a few states away. They met each other in person as she only lived an hour away from him and everything was going great. He was talking about how much he loved her (I don't know if he told her that) and how she could be the one he marries. I didn't want to ruin his fun, as it was nice to see him happy, so I did not say anything to him about how soon it was to make statements like that. 


They broke up yesterday. He had text me very early in the morning when I was sleeping and I didn't get the text for another hours. All it said was "I need someone right now". I felt terrible because somehow I knew what happened. I gave him a call, no answer. I text him, no answer, so I called him again and he answered, saying he was at a friends getting drunk. I asked if he was okay, and he explained to me what happened. They broke up because "her mom told her she didn't want them to be together". He pretty much hung up on me, so I decided to give him space, as he clearly didn't want to talk about it. 


Today, when I asked him if he wanted to play any games (I didn't want to bug him about what happened). He said he would, so we got on and played for about 20 minutes before he left to go play a different game. After a few hours he called and sounded extremely intoxicated. He asked to play, so I hopped on the game and joined him. I asked him if he was drunk, he said he was. I could tell. 


This is where it gets to our conversation I asked why he was drinking so much, he explained that he has felt like he was having a heart attack all day and yesterday. He was slurring his speech, making incoherent sentences, etc. Then he (very casually) says he wants to "blow his brains out". It took me by surprise and I asked him why. He says he was in pain, saying that he wants to end it so he no longer feels how he is anymore. I got more and more concerned as he spoke. I had no idea what to say. I know for a fact that he has the means and intent to do something like that, so I asked him if he was serious, why he was going to do it. He said he was serious and said he wanted to end his pain and that he didn't deserve to live anymore. 


I tried to tell him that I care about him and that I would miss him, his family and friends would, etc. Anything I could think of to say to him. He just shot everything down, saying he hates everyone and that his family and friends (including me) could "fuck off and go to hell" because he will be dead and won't have to deal with the consequences of his death. I pretty much was left crying my eyes out, left not knowing what to say. All I could say was "your life matters to me, and I would be upset if you died". After repeatedly saying he didn't care, he finally says "do you think if I was actually going to kill myself I would be sitting here talking to you? No i wouldn't be". 


He basically started to lash out against me, and I had nothing left to say. He had shrugged off anything I could think of to say. Right now, I am heading off to work and said he could call me and I would talk to him if he needed or wanted to talk. He didn't respond and just logged off of the game. Hasn't answered my texts or calls. It's not my fault I have to go to work and can't listen to him calling me a whore for the rest of the night. But I did offer to listen while I was at work. 


I honestly have no idea what to do anymore. I'm not sure how serious his threats were, and I have no idea where he lives, no contact other than his cell phone number. I don't know if I should reach out to his family members on Facebook or if that would cause more damage. 