I seriously can't remember any point in my life that I wasn't depressed when I wasn't dating someone. I don't know how to live anymore.I made a throwaway for this. I don't know what to do or where to go anymore. Every time I have this issue, my family and my friends are good, and every single time it's because I'm in a relationship with someone. I've never solved my depression. I'm as depressed as I was when I was a kid. I couldn't resolve it then and I haven't resolved it now.

I really have no idea how to fix myself. I've spent the entire year just trying to find someone who's actually worth loving back. Instead I got cheated on and then when 2018 came on, a friend I thought had feelings for me got together with another dude who I believe was her ex. It fucking sucks. 

Before this all happened, I told myself that I'd follow through with killing myself this time. It's unbearable. I can't fix any of my issues, and the more questions I try to answer about myself, the more questions I get. I can't remember my childhood. I can't remember if I was ever happy without a girl. I can't remember what my voice sounded like before now. I can't remember anything about myself, yet I have always been known to have the best memory out of everyone I know. I can recall the smallest detail about a restaurant I went to once two years ago... and I can't remember what I did as a kid? I can remember exactly what my mom said in the car one day she tried to make conversation before a doctor's visit, word for word, and I can't remember why I was motivated to do anything I did as a kid? I feel like an outside observer, watching this person who has every reason to be happy wishing for some last thing to push him over the edge. 

I seriously don't know what to do. I need help. I'm not even in college yet, and I made ten grand overnight trading crypto. I made ten grand OVERNIGHT, I have friends who care about me, and no matter how good of a state I'm in, I always think about killing myself.

It always seemed like a joke. [This stupid fucking video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PsLdeyAXI8) that I used to tie people's phone chargers into a dark joke, knowing the difference between cutting vertical and horizontal, knowing the angles to shoot yourself if you want a (theoretically) less painful death... they never worried even *me*, because it just seemed like I was being a retard who found stupid things funny, let alone everyone else who knew about my dumb antics, since regardless of work, school or being with friends, I was always the class clown. Now I don't know how real they were.

I don't know if I'm serious this time, but it feels more real than I ever remember it being. I've never had an anxiety attack like I did before. I literally started drooling on my keyboard and typing as fast as I could, just to take my mind off it. Nothing I typed was even legible. There were typos all over the place. I was typing just to take my mind off of it, fucking talking to myself... I've never done that. And when I woke up, I wasn't sad. I was just... tired. I felt the same pain I did before. And all I could ask myself is "When will this finally fucking end?"

I want to do it. I don't want to live in this world anymore. The only thing of significant value I have left is my crypto wallets. All I would have to do is burn what I don't want seen, email my wallet to a friend who barely checks their email and hope they stumble upon it and then do the right thing with the money, and then I would have everything done I care about. It's so close, it's so real, and I don't know what to do about it anymore. I've tried hotlines, I've tried counseling and I've tried hospitals. They don't work. They never work. Everyone assumes I'm fine when I'm not.

What do I do. How do I make this pain fucking end

Sidenote. I don't think one of my friends will see this, but if you read this and know it's me, then you should know that I've been through the hoops before. I don't want another fucking cop to show up at my door and ask me about my suicide plans. I always try my best and think they're there for me, and then it all goes to shit. It always goes to shit. They won't help. I tell them all the same thing and they never help. Don't call the cops again. It won't help, even though I wish it would.