I gave it my best shot, but ten years later, nothing has changed.About ten years ago, when I was in a hopeless place, I tried to kill myself. I don't really even remember the attempt anymore, but I do remember the next night, which I spent lying alone in a completely empty room. No one held me, no one told me it was going to be okay, no one told me my life had meaning and was worth saving. But apparently, what I had done was evil and selfish, and I had to live, because... Everyone in my life would curse my name and call me coward for the shameful thing I'd done? I still live with the pain and the rejection I felt that night. I tried to let it go, but I'm still hurt and still angry at my family for completely failing to show me any kind of compassion when I needed it most. If it makes me a whiny bitch then so fucking be it; they can call me whatever names  they want when I'm gone. 

Since that day, I finished school (wishing I could die every single day), completed my internships (wishing I could die every single day), and found a difficult professional job, where I still wish I could fucking die every fucking day. Not only are clients your garden variety customer service assholes, my manager has jeopardized my career (and the hundreds of thousands of dollars of debt I am trying to pay off) by trying to coerce me into committing insurance fraud. When I tried to fight her off, she responded by cutting every single resource I had available to me down to the bare minimum. I now do the work of the three other people in my office with no set schedule. Still, I try to do my best for clients and my coworkers while fighting her off my back, completely at the expense of my own schedule, health, and well-being. 

They're not even half-decent to me in return. 

"Buck up, buttercup," everyone says. "Life's not fair! Other people have it worse than you! They're speaking out of their own pain! You just have to not take it *personally!"* Sure, okay. Everyone lashes out at me all the time, and I'm expected to not take it *personally...* because I'm not really a person to anyone? I'm the punching bag they vent their frustrations upon. If having one person in my life who doesn't treat me like the filth on the bottom of their shoe is just too *unrealistic,* too much to ask from the universe, then I'm done. I don't know what there is for me. I'm taking the ball and going home; I don't want to play anymore.