My brother in law is on his final day.My brother in law has never been properly diagnosed due to being over 18 so he refuses treatment unless its a miricle cure pill. From what the specialists gather he is bipolar with ocd. But again thats their best guess. He is a genuinely amaxing kid when he isnt having an episode. But other times.. He has no empathy. Tells his parents that they are cruel for forcing him to live. Among other things. I dont want to give too much detail as he confided in me a bit and dont want to break hia trust. But i NEED help. He has refused to talk or tell anybody then sneaks out under his parents noses once every few weeks to jump off a bridge or use much faster.. More lethal means. I cant describe them as they are unique and anyone else he may know might also see the likeness. Yesterday we brought him to the hospital because he finally agreed to be seen and assesed. (im christian and have the paitence of a rock but nothing has ever made me so mad) a nurse came in with broken English and started basically telling him he doesnt have mental problems and hes being selfish. Then did the single dumbest thing ive ever seen in a hospital. She gave him a Bible verse about how dying for someone is the purest form of love. He looked at me and took it as "kill yourself to save us the trouble" i know she was trying to help but holy crap please pick something else in the bible! Literally anything! But he has told me that the next chance he gets he will hang himself. (he got drunk and let loose that he bought rope. I asked why and it slipped) after everything he has done to himself and his body i know he is serious. Maybe he wants attention but how can i just try to HOPE its that and hes not serious. His amazing parents have been in tears trying to give him all the attention they cant saying they want to make the most of their timw together because they know they cant stop him.

Please i dont have the words. I dont have the prayers. The skills the knowledge, anything. But he trusts me. I feel like i have to find the words to ahow him just how much we care. How much we cant live without him. My partner (his sister) and i have been on rotation for days trying to help him. In the mornings hes amazing. Kind and considerate. Can be a bit of a blunt ass but i dont judge him. He knows he needs help but when the switch flips like that bible verse he is beyond reason.

Legally we cant do anything. We have tried. The hospital, crisis team also cant do anything because they dont believe him and kick him out when he shows up at 3am. I know they have a hard job so i do not blame them. The police have picked him up more times than i can count. Tackled him before he lept off a bridge. Wrestled knives and pills from him.

Sorry for the ramble. Its been going on for a long while now and after having my best friend commit suicide when i was 12 this made a lot of my emotions recess and hurt my relationship with my partner as well. Only today ive hit my breaking point because i cant handle going through that again.