There is no beauty left here, and I am drowning.Today I had my last therapy meeting, a closing meeting if you so will. Half a bottle of whiskey later I stopped my ergo therapy, we had only talkative solo meetings instead of being creative in a group or whatever you do usually in them, I also dropped my assisted living thingy (usually for grocery shopping and some outside vitamin D fueling).   
In the end, if you cannot deliver on the most basic assisted shit, you're going to be left alone, by everyone. It's incredibly frustrating, because they tell me I don't want to, but the truth is I just can't. I wish I could, I really do, I even wish I could express myself properly but I am too scared. I have suicidal thoughts for years now, and I wish I would've done it back after my break up, when she was fucking this fat bastard above me for a whole fucking year. It broke me, more than anything before, and I already was super non functional before all that. I didn't do something stupid because of my mom and my grandmother, the latter now being dead and the former being deep into all the far right conspiracy shit, which made me cut my contacts to her, because I just could not handle those viewpoints of her. She also has mental issues, schizophrenia or psychosis, drug abuse, lots of conspiracy theories throughout my and her life but I just ignored that. But when it got really racist and antisemitic I just couldn't do anything but distance myself, for my own good.  
A selfish thing in a way, but I barely even manage to stay alive on my own, all alone. I have health issues because I never really had a general practitioner checking me throughout my life, and since last year I felt a painful knot, which no one really knows about either. I told my therapist I had a knot, but she interpreted it as me not being able to express myself. Whatever.  
I really wish I did end it back then when I had the guts to do so, when I was actively fighting not to do it, and potentially take them with me. Now it feels so far away and I am too scared to fuck it up. But at the same time my future is dark, it always was. I just don't have the strength required to keep on going, I never had. I always crawled along, having a bad conscience because I required help, but without improving I just take resources which other people would need more urgently.  
After about 15 years I started cutting again, just to try to get this fucking pressure out of my body. I feel like I am about to explode, every god damn day. Even now I can't really cry, tears are forming, but I subconsciously leaned to swallow it and shove it into some dark spot, deep within my own self. Whatever that might be. Because I don't even feel like a human being anymore. I feel like some broken failure that just cannot fulfill what is needed in life. I just wish someone would put me down, erase all my memories and things that other people might could use to remember me, whoever is left who could even do that - leaving no trace.  
Life is nothing but pain and disappointment. I just want this endless pain to end, one way or another, but I don't know how. There are no safe ways to end it (and I am so fucking scared to fuck it up and wake up in a hospital, maybe crippled for life, unable to attempt it again. There are seemingly no ways to get through it either though, I just feel like I am just not made to live, not capable to do what is required of me.  
Those spots in assistance and therapy are worth something, but only for people who can improve, who can somehow get through this. I cannot, I don't know how, and nobody else seem to know either. So it is on me to end it, to at least give those spots to someone who can make use of them. And maybe my health or my situation overall with get so bad that I finally get the strength and willpower again to make this final decision,  
Take it as you will. I know nobody will read this, or truly care, regardless of what they might say. This world is dark place, and we as a species are ruining it even further. There is no place for someone like me in this world, I am not made to be this mindless worker drone, doing its job for everybody else. I am just a burden to society, a menace that has no place, no future, no hope. Someone who is all alone, someone who will never be able to be happy, someone who always drag everyone else down and cause disappointment between me and everybody else. That is why I walked alone for so long, my trust in humanity is ruined by my former relationships, both of them. Over a decade down the drain, a decade of me being a fool.  
I deserve this, all of it. I am unable to do my part, so I have to take the consequences. Wish me luck in falling further, and hopefully deep enough to maybe finally end this. And I am already sorry for whoever has to be traumatized by it, I wish I could get a peaceful and save way out, but this is a luxury that is not allowed to happen. I really wish you wouldn't have to go through this, seeing myself in my last moments in this awful world, or having to scrape off what is left of me, but if, or when I cannot take it anymore, I hope I will finally do it, and not back down again.  
...  

I don't know where the future, short of long, will take me, but this was needed just as much as the blood flowing out of my body. I'm sorry, but this is the pain I feel, just out of my own existence.