My storryyyDoubt anyone reading all this....Hi, alt account here so no one i know can find me here! I've been depressed since 5th grade  but onky suicidal since about a year ago! :). SO lets start at 5th grade. My parents never taught me to care about homework or never cared about me at all so i would never do homework or...anything  in school. Oh look im blaming my parents for my own fault HAHA. Anyways so as i would never care about school or do anything at all my teacher would constantly embarass me everyday which made me hate school alot. I completely stopped doing everything and was very sad in elementary! :). Then one day my teacher decided to take me into  her room and call my parent telling her im a horrihle student who doesnt care about my future, ETC straight roasting me and i broke down crying while she was talking to my mom and my mom agreed with my teacher that im not a good child. Which made me hate life even MORE so i completely was too depressed to do anythinf and I decided to run away from home the time cause i was stressing out. When my mom found out i got beat severely. :). Anyways fast forward to middle school (idk how i passed to 6th grade.) But things got worse in 6th grade. I had a 7th grade bully would physically abuse me on the bus ride home everyday, Im pretty sure i got my social anxiety from here. I would be sitting staring at the window and he would come and start punch me and i would cry out my older brothers name but he sits in the back and my voice kept breaking up as i was trying to call him. It was quite traumatizing and i never could tell my brother that i got bullied cause i was scared to even look people in the eyes anymore. Next year 7th grade i have 0 friends and my bully is now in 8th grade and he still harms me on the bus rides home.. When i tell you i suffer so bad from that bullying i mean I can't even stare anyone in the eyes anymore. Im afraid of people. Oh and also i would get smacked around by father whenever hes in a bad mood and he would never show me affection or teach me anything and he leaves our family when i was 13 which sucks alot. (Idc if this story is a run on btw im at work and want to vent) Fast forward to high school I have 0 friends and stopped caring about school due to thinking everyone is judging me and social anxiety just built up ALOT. ALSO im gay aswell and if i tell my parents they would hurt me then disown me right after! :). So after me still suffering from all these problems i decide to drop out cause id probs hang myself or do worst at that school. After I dropped out my family started to thinking i was useless and antagonize me but if only they knew what i went through! :)))). I started skip a few years i worked at a grocery store at 18 hated it cried multiple times in the break room cause im retarded. Eventually quit stopped working for 2 years and i got the courage at age 20(now to work at a call center) but the depression took its toll on my body already my teeth is fucked up cause i stopped caring about hygeine and i recently started cutting myself and it really does help with the pain. I currently work at an call center and its so brain numbing I called off like 5 days in a row but apparently i still work there im just so tired of life at this point I have no future and no motivation. Dont tell me it gets better cause it doesnt haha I just want to off myself and even if i do end up in hell  and burn forever atleast ill be alone with no one bothering me while i burn