GoodbyeIm about to go an a roadtrip and it feels like everything happening around me is telling me not to go. I've always been a shy kid growing up due to being raised by my grandma who only had one lover all of her life and was beat/abused. I picked up on a lot of her habits and thus have 0 self confidence. My mom was always very hard on me and my siblings and so we learned that if we acted out for attention or showed love we were doing something wrong and would get into trouble. I never learned how to properly react with emotion or how to express myself. I'm turning 26 on the 9th of this month and I've never held a girls hand. Never kissed a girl.  Never been on a date. There have been plenty of girls that have shown interest, even pursued me, but I end up pushing them away because I don't feel like im worth it. I come with too much baggage and unresolved issues. There was a girl at work who I recently fell in love with and I know she had strong feelings back. I did what I always do and reverted back into the shell of a man I was a few years back and pushed her away. No matter how hard I try to be a positive person I always seem to end up right back to where I started. I don't learn from my mistakes. There's something wrong with me. People love me at work. I get told im the best IT guy they've ever had. I get joy from helping other people even if im not happy myself. I've become really good at hiding my sadness over the years. I feel like im not destined to have the one thing i've always wanted, a family of my own. I never had a father figure growing up. I've never even met my biological dad. We've always been poor all of our lives. I've eaten out of the trash to not go hungry before. I got made fun of and bullied a lot as a kid. the only  friends I had all ended up leaving me behind in highschool so I was a loner. I tried to party and drink and make new friends but it always felt forced and out of place. I guess I just don't know how to be happy. My life sucks and I feel like im drowning. The past few days i've woken up sadder than ever. It's been a hard week at work trying not to cry. People at work also make fun of me for being the way I am. I'm a needy guy I guess. I talk try to talk about my problems with me friends at work and people have overheard. They have all judged me for it even if they don't know the full story. To them i'm just an asshole who leads girls on. All I want to do is tell them everything so they might understand but it's too late and they probably don't even care. Life goes on with or without you. I can't expect anyone to wait for me. The only thing I have to live for now is my debt. Working for a paycheck and not having a life isn't what life is all about. There is no point to this. I'm barely a functioning member of society. As I write this Im holding back tears because my life has gotten to this point. I guess it's my own fault. This is the only reset button I see at this point. It'll take years of therapy for me to find peace and by then it'll be too late for any sort of happy ending. I guess there's no point in dragging it on. Thinking about jumping off the bridge on my way  into San Francisco. Or maybe getting lost in the forests of Oregon. If all else fails i'll take a bunch of pills and drink myself away. Atleast people will know I finally committed and followed through on something. Don't even know why im posting this. The people I care about won't ever read this. Time for Snorlax to sleep.