Forests of Oregon.I’m living in Fresno. I have been battling a lot. I truly do not have the support system I need , and I feel completely broken and useless. I’ve tried many routes and people who don’t understand wont understand this. 
 My body’s been used up , I’ve had family members molest me , beat me and abuse me in every way possible. I’ve watched my mom with a shotgun to her head to growing up now and realizing how fucked this world is. 
   In December of last year everyone forgot my bday which was fine sis turned 21 so I had like 4 blunts ready to go , so I just drank and met up w some dude to smoke , he laced my shit and I woke up a mess in my car in so much pain and he was gone. Blocked off the app I used and gone from my life.and I know he’s doing it to others. I failed to stop it. Being used the way I was while asleep has left me feeling COMPLETELY Downright disgusting. 
And now afterwards everything just hits. I’ve been in around 10 different places this year alone from Stockton to Fresno and in between. I feel so much more alienated the more I move. 
   I didn’t give up after the rape. I moved myself to Stockton with my little money , I fought my own anxiety’s until they were unbearable. Losing my high school crush to suicide right after finally starting to have him to myself in may.  to friends stealing from me and to my “ friend “ now kicking me out. It’s been a road. But I truly feel it’s the end. 
   I just wanna run away to Oregon and relieve myself there. Completely and fully. Idk how to do it and honestly don’t wanna do it alone , because the fear of pain and that moment of regret but I know I want to do it. I just wanna spend the weekend with the trees and swimming and smoking blunts and taking acid , I wanna fully cherish nature and then become one with it. This world isn’t for me. Growing in a world as an empath has no meaning but every piece of pain is like a knife and I’ve been truly staring at myself wondering why tf I’m still here. 
   Ide rather be in Oregon right now. 
 I wish I could have a suicide pact with someone but I couldn’t watch someone else go. Or have that thought to have a beautiful soul next to me go along w me. But it deff would make it easier. 
  ( sorry if this was a mess. there’s so much more to my pain but I just wanted to write quick. I have to pack again and figure out where to go next if it’s still even worth it. )