The next rejection will be my last.All I ever wanted in life was to find love. To do things, to travel, to experience life together but so far, at 24 years old, no one wanted to tag along. Why is it so difficult for me to find someone? There's seven billion people in the world all I need is one.

I've tried everything from friends hooking me up, online dating, cold approaches, making friends and then asking them out but they all end the same. They all rejected me. It hurts you know? Every rejection makes me feel worse and worse. 

I've become depressed (unofficially diagnosed) and suicidal from rejection. You'll probably tell me to fix and love myself before I can find someone but has anyone ever stopped and think how, people like me, lost the love for ourselves?  Did you guys think we grew up hating ourselves? Did you guys really think we were never happy to begin with? We lost the love for ourselves because no one else wanted to. We were happy before and all we wanted to do was share it with someone. If you open up a shop on a busy street and not one single person who walked in didn't buy anything, how would you feel? You would have to close it down, in other words committing suicide. We start to blame it on our self because... we are the common denominator. There was definitely a time when I was happy and that didn't help at all. It's sad really. A whole gender decided not to stick around.

I've been trying to fix myself for a while now by going to the gym, going out and hanging with my friends, and putting myself outside my comfort zone, but I'm not seeing results. I don't even consider myself ugly but I guess I might be from your point of view. It's just so frustrating seeing all my friends, yes all of them are in a relationship except me, and couples when I go out. I swear I see more couples than single people. 

Imagine everyone in the world is driving exotic cars except you in a busted up 1970s car? Imagine everyone in the world living in a mansion except you live in an old 1 bedroom apartment? That's what it feels like for me. I'm feeling left out. I'll go out and see all these happy couples smiling, laughing, holding hands, kissing, etc. I guess I'm suppose to just be over there smiling and laughing to myself? Am I supposed to just fall in love with money and objects instead? I understand that this won't guarantee happiness but it's what I want and possibly need. 

I'm just tired of all this emotional pain, and you'll probably tell me to take a break from dating but I never even started. The next rejection will be my last because I don't deserve to feel this way anymore. I think the way I'll end myself is from drunk driving because I like drinking, driving fast, and taking corners.