I cheated on my girlfriend multiple times in the past and I’m going to kill myselfI have been with my girlfriend for almost 4 years. We started dating in high school and I instantly fell in love with her. We lost our virginity to each other and she had been my best (and only) friend. The first time I did it was on a trip to Japan. I met a guy and we made out 3 times and yet I had no guilt. I went on with the relationship as if nothing happened. It didn’t help that one of my only other friends at the time had no morals and put in my mind that cheating wasn’t the worst thing. I cheated on her again after a huge fight with a guy from my choir. He wasn’t cute he wasn’t nice, I initiated it and yet I called her right after it happened and pretended as if nothing was wrong. The last and final time I did it was a year ago, I went to see my sister and downloaded tinder. I found a guy and decided I wanted to do one for thing before we moved off to college together. I met him and slept with him. I felt absolutely nothing for this past year, we fought almost all the time because of other reasons. She has told me how in the past she’s had girlfriends cheat on her and yet I still did it. I lied to her when she asked after a dream. I was insecure and disgusting. I realize now that I couldn’t have truly loved her back then but now I know for sure she is the only person I will truly love. I can’t do this to her and want to be as close as possible with her but I can’t because she knows me as a loyal girlfriend when I’m fact I am a disgusting whore who doesn’t deserve anything. I can’t tell her because I know she would kill herself if she ever found out. I was able to keep it in a tiny box of my brain for so long but now i can’t to it anymore. It’s all i can think about, i can’t eat and all i want to do is sleep so don’t have to feel it. We are still living together and have planned on being together forever.  My only way out is to kill myself and hope she can move on and find someone who deserves her. I am writing this while she is in the room and this is my confession.