I don't want to be melodramatic with my title. Besides, I'm more pissed and defeated than sad.I posted on here a week ago about how fucked up I felt my childhood had been. I get it, we all have fucked childhoods, so I won't waste your time by recounting every detail.


What I'm posting for this time is with respect to life end game. You know, the big finale. The final happyish ending with a living partner and a decent job. Not a nuclear family but close enough to whatever your ideal life is.


I just don't think it's going to happen. 


"But OP, you're only 25, you have your whole life! Remember that Louie CK quote!"


Louis CK is a divorced miserable shit who made his money sharing how miserable he was. And it's fucking hilarious, but that's not my end game goal. 

I'm too pissed to be anybody's lover or friend. I post on anonymous forums all the time because I've forgotten how to befriend people. I delete my Facebook within a week of remaking it each time, because people fight with me, don't get my humor, or find me generally insane. My daily dose of socializing comes at school and through imgur/Reddit. And i can't maintain messages, I just can't.

I've been sitting alone in my underwear, in an apartment ive not cleaned or even picked up slightly in about two weeks. Friday I found out the job I got for post graduation, by some miracle, isn't happening anymore. I can't graduate on time because it turns out my academic advisor miscounted my credits during our summer back and forth. Now I have to forfeit my offer. 


I was going to be something. I got a job offer for an engineering position, and i have a fucking liberal arts degree. I just knew a guy there before switching majors from engineering. I don't have the degree or even the credits to make it for another engineering offer.

My family was finally proud of me. I dropped out of high school to work and support myself. I worked to get here, and now it's all fucked to hell. Where is my happy ending? I don't want to be a miserable, angry fuck like Louis all my life.


So, what's honestly the point? Where does my joy done from? I'm incapable of loving, of being friendly. I don't make my own joy, and i get too anxious and angry when I'm out in public. Living as a hermit without a job or a home isn't any way to live, and it seems this is where my life is going. 


So why not just end it all tonight?