Laying it all down before I lose itUgh.  I'm done. 

I'm done pretending to be okay to make this Lexapro-addicted world happy. 

I've suffered from depression since I was 11.  Most of my childhood was spent with low self-esteem despite having many friends, and a great family who tried really hard to convince me I was better than I thought. 

I began self-harming when I was about 13 or 14, in anticipation of working my way up to a suicide completion.   Instead, I got addicted to the way the pain in my body drowned out the pain in my head, and I grew dependent on that as a coping skill.   

As I got older, I went through abusive relationships, one right after the other.  They just "proved" what I've known all along: I'm stupid, I'm slow, I'm fat, I'm ugly, I'm worthless, I'm evil, I'm not good for anything but getting f****d, etcetera.  

I ended up giving medication and counseling several tries.  It was rocky and tenuous at best.  My body adjusted quickly to every medication, and I refused to open up to my therapists for fear of being sanctioned.   It happened multiple times, regardless. 

I've been existing like this for twenty-seven years.  Every day, I struggle with suicidal thoughts.  I wake up and groan that I'm still alive. 

But now, that's changing.  It's getting worse.  The thoughts are churning at a million miles per hour, trying to figure out the perfect plan. 

1.  Must be failproof.
2.  Must be something I can do alone. 
3.  Must be a place no one who knows me would associate me with. 
4.  Must be close enough to walk to, with a's little time spent out in the open as possible, lest someone recognize me.
5.  Must be a place that is rarely, if ever, frequented by humans. 
6.  Must be a place with a lot of scavengers. 
7.  Must be a place that would be difficult to get out of if injured. 
8.  Must be out of shouting distance from any place likely to be visited by humans. 
9.  Must be wooded with a thick canopy. 

The longer I think, the more details I think of.   I'm not even scared anymore.  I've lost everything.  My sanity is beginning to crack.   I'm angry at everything in this pain, and I am scared of becoming violent.   It's time. 

This is from a cold, calculated state of mind.  This is not emotion; this is not a cry for help.  This is simply a plea to be heard, finally and maybe understood.  It's better for everyone if I leave, and soon.  Just a few more details. 

I need to release custody of my son so that he isn't saddled with my debts.  
I need to remove his father from all of my legal documents: my disability, my insurance, my loans.... he won't get a penny from my death. 
I need to find out how much a pauper's burial is. 
I need to make sure Mama knows that my son's father is NOT allowed to keep my new furniture.  She is to sell it, and put the money in a savings account for my son's college fund. 
I need to find out how to make sure Mama gets my last paychecks.

Dying is the longest process of our lives; it seems PREPARING to die is the second longest. 