I'm alone and I don't don't know what to do anymore (long)My life is just complete shit. I failed at everything. I dropped out of high school at 17 to obtain the GED. I dropped out because I went to school that started at 7AM and ended at 7PM. The school was in a house, it was practically not a real high school. So I went to obtain my GED. In my state there are very specific rules to getting a GED. And because of my young age it took them 10 months to finally schedule the GED for me. I was already 18 by the time I got the date. I missed the time I planned on going to college. During this time of waiting for the GED date to be scheduled, I had a job at a smoothie store. At the smoothie store I was very much attracted to my coworker. We worked together by ourselves for hours on end. Finally I got her number, and fastforward 3 months we were dating. I loved her. I was so alone until I found her. My best friend stopped talking to me for 4 months (also my only friend). And I was so lonely. But she made me so happy. Happier than I've probably ever been. We quit that smoothie job together.




We really started falling in love. We would be together about 13 hours a day. Just me and her and no one else. Then I noticed she changed her facebook password. I eventually hacked into it and found out she was sending messages to her ex. Telling her ex "I love you, were are going to have a beautiful family.". Literally hours worth of messages they were sending each other. At that moment I wanted to die. I quickly replied with her account writing very vulgar messages. She had no idea it was me. 15 minutes after, she calls me. She asks me " did you hack my account?". I said yes. I then ask her "you only called to ask me this?". She says yes. She said that she was never gonna call me again. And only called to make sure it was me. She then says that her love for me was pretty much a lie. She never loved me. And that was it, she hung up and never called again. I was alone again. And my trust for people depleted.




Shortly after the break up I took the GED. I failed it. I passed every subject except math. My depression grew stronger. I then got a job at Subway. At Subway I was being trained for free. I was so desperate for money that I let them pay me nothing for the first 2 weeks of working there. Shortly after obtaining the job I noticed I was having throat pain that wouldn't go away for weeks. I felt feverish on a daily basis. I then went to the doctor and was later diagnosed with mono. This was around the time I took the GED. I had a fever of 104. But I had work the next day and I couldn't get fired. I asked the boss if I can take the day off and she said no. I would have to go or lose my job. So I went. I biked 3 miles to work whilst having mono with a 104 fever. I was working by myself and had to close the store. The next day one of my coworkers were complaining that I didn't close the store correctly. I didn't take out all the trash and enough bread. 




Fast forward a few months of working there, this coworker. Were gonna call him Eric. Eric would constantly treat me like a child and say that I can't do anything correctly. Even though i'm in the store by myself 90% of the time. This only gets worse, one time he said I'm such a shitty worker he was about to take my check out of the box and rip it up. He said that I don't even deserve to get paid. This increased my depression. 


He would constantly yell and scream at me for no reason in front of customers. Even though we only worked with eachother an hour a day. On some days he would be nice and on other days he would throw metal trays and bins at me. It was a toxic and stressful environment. 


Finally the retake for the GED arrived. I retook the math, and... failed it again. This greatly increased my depression. Back at work getting harrased by my coworker, making me feel like even more shit. I finally saved up to buy a 500$ package for a road test and driving lessons. I wanted to get my license since I'm 18. Long story short.. I failed it. Twice... This made me attempt suicide. I biked to the brooklyn bridge to jump off. But there was no way to actually get to the top of the bridge without a car. I failed at killing myself too. 


Finally I can't take the shitty job anymore and I decide to quit. I decide I'll just deliever with uber eats on my bike and quit my shitty job at Subway. I also wanted to quit to focus on the GED. So I practice day and night for the GED. And finally took the test last month. I failed again. by only 4 points. I am now almost 19 and still haven't completed anything since I dropped out. Couldn't even kill myself. So now I'm gonna take the test again next month in the end of April or the beginning of May. I don't know what I'll do if I fail again. I guess Eric was right about me. I can't do anything right. I'm crying as I'm typing this and I really hope someone can help me. I do feel as though I will 99% pass the next time I take because I only failed by a few points. My dad said I will definitely pass because every time I took the test I got a higher score from the last time. So my only hope now is to just pass this test. Here's the results from when I first took the [test] (https://imgur.com/Ou2S7KZ). Here's the results the second time I took the [test] (https://imgur.com/vbB6AlH). And here's the 3rd time I took [it] (https://imgur.com/IwZck1C). Do you think that statistically speaking I will pass the next time? You need a 500 to pass. 








Now for the last section of my depression and anxiety. My health problems. For the past 2 years I've had swollen lymph nodes. All over my neck. Maybe around 10 swollen lymph nodes. I went to my doctor twice on the first year I noticed it and this year. I had ultrasounds, xrays and bloodtests. All came back normal and showed nothing suspicious. The doctor said I have nothing to worry about. But I don't know. If I move my shoulder up to my face and jerk it back, I can feel lymph nodes get stuck in between my collar bone. And I feel the tug against my collarbone. The nodes are kinda small, not able to be seen but felt. They are movable and rubbery. But I can feel some on my collarbone. Should I worry about this or just ignore it. And just watch it if it gets bigger? Or I notice any other symptoms? Should I just listen to my doctor and not worry about it? Am I paranoid?





I hope someone actually read this and can give me advice. Because I have no else. Please help me. 
  