(22M) I'm so close to jumpingWarning: Contains explicit personal information

As a child, I fantasized about committing suicide. I was the lonely, awkward kid on the playground with no real friends, but I don't think that was the main reason for it. I have borderline Asperger's, so I always felt odd, and like I couldn't make myself the same as normal people. I was generally meek and sensitive, didn't do much sports, and was always much more brains than brawn, so to speak. I wanted to be tough, strong, and athletic, and maybe I was just too lazy or unmotivated to make that happen. Then again, I was always physically awkward and uncoordinated, so maybe I was never born for that sort of thing. 

I grew up with an emotionally abusive, alcoholic mother, a temperamental, domineering older sister, and a timid, autistic brother. My parents were divorced and my father lived a short way away, always struggling financially and being romantically unsuccessful. Fights in my mother's house were common, and terrifying. 

When I told my mother about my suicidal thoughts, she broke down crying. Up until then, despite her sometimes abusive behavior, she had always been the main emotional pillar in my life, the one person I could always confide in. Of course, at the time, I was also too oblivious at the time to realize how troubled she herself was. But basically, after that, I never felt I could rely on her in the same way, and for the first time, I felt truly alone.

Going into middle school and high school, those suicidal feelings pretty much went away. Granted, I was still far from mentally or physically healthy. I gained a lot of weight, had no real friends, suffered from stress attacks in school, and submerged myself in solitary, nerdy hobbies, but I no longer thought about ending my life.

Going through my teens, my mother had always warned me against dating or relationships until I was more fully mature, so up until I was 18, I made no efforts to date, and it never really crossed my mind. Of course, I didn't have any friends or social life. After I turned 18, just at the start of senior year, I finally started to become more laid back and outgoing and to make sort of “semi” friends/acquaintances. I was building some self-confidence finally, and starting to see myself as someone who could have a girlfriend. 

I was still very socially stunted, though, and had no romantic success of any kind. I was okay with that, though, as I didn't blame myself and thought it was just bad luck, and that the right woman would come along eventually.

Then college happened, and reality hit me like a truck.

I loved my experiences in college, for the most part. Freshman year of college was probably the best year of my life, but it was also at this point that my suicidal thoughts came back. It wasn't too bad at first. I still felt optimistic about the future, and was working toward self improvement, with there just being this nagging doubt in the back of my mind that I was a disgusting loser and that everything wasn't going to be okay. 

It got worse sophomore year, and junior year. I started jogging regularly to try to get in shape. Maybe I just didn't commit to it long enough, but it seemed to make very little difference in my health or appearance. The years were going by and I was starting to become frustrated. 

I know I have an inferiority complex towards women. That is clear to me. I'm pretty sure it stems from my childhood and my constant search for female approval from my mother, my sister, and my teachers.  

I'm scared that I'll be bad at sex, and that I'll be unable to satisfy a woman. I'm still out of shape and uncoordinated.

I started to panic when I read a bunch of articles talking about circumcision and its supposed negative effects. I read about nerve endings and the glans, and how circumcision reduces sexual pleasure for both the man and woman. Whether this is actually true, I have no idea. I'm a virgin. But at the time, I was furious about this. Suddenly I felt like had been made no longer whole, like something had been stripped from me and made me less of a man. I researched methods of foreskin restoration, and then bought and used for a whole semester a foreskin restoration device. I had to stop using it because it was causing the skin to grow unevenly. Only later did I find out that apparently, most women prefer circumcise penises, which angered me even more, as I was now left with an ugly, lopsided, partially restored foreskin.

Then it got worse. Last summer I somehow developed a severe case of epididymitis, a painful testicular infection. It led to weeks of severe pain, and a weekend in the hospital. What made it even more angering and confusing was that epididymitis is apparently usually transferred sexually. After the pain and swelling subsided, I went to the doctor and learned that the infection had caused permanent damage to the left testicle, as well as obstructing its blood flow. Since then, my left testicle has permanently shrunken about 20% of its former size, and I still feel pain down there. Knowing that I have a dead, useless testicle down there is killing me. 

I also have a small penis (I think) and chronic acne on my arms, chest, and back, so to sum up: small, ugly, lopsided penis, dead testicle, chronic body acne, flabby gut, out of shape. I forgot to mention I also have minor scoliosis as well as other skeletal problems, like a winged scapula and torn ligaments in my rib cage. My body image is at absolute zero at this point.

And I know I'm not even a good person. I've always held onto old-fashioned, sexist views of women (chivalry and all that stuff) because I'm intimidated by strong, independent women and don't know how to approach women on equal footing. I feel like such a disgusting piece of shit that I take comfort in the idyllic, fairy-tale fantasy ideal of love and romance. I'm completely clueless and terrified of actual relationships between adult human beings. 

I'm also very sexually stunted. I'm not attracted to pornography, or even to images of naked women. I think that's also too intimidating for me. I also have trouble masturbating and keeping erections. I'm a fairly certain I have low testosterone. I rarely have sexual dreams, but when I do, they almost always involve me being dominated or taken advantage of by powerful women. And I know, in my early teens, that I felt physically attracted to my older sister. Even now, I notice that most of the women I'm attracted to remind me of my sister. 

I used to lie to myself, saying I was just waiting for the right woman to come along who I would fall in love and have all that romantic crap. But I realize now that if this “ideal” woman ever actually came into my life, she would be so far above me, so far out of my league, that it wouldn't matter. I held onto that fantasy world anyway, though, because I was too shallow, petty, and cowardly to face reality. 

I'm human garbage. In 22 years, I have accomplished nothing with my life. I feel no ambition, no drive to do or achieve anything. I have no purpose or value. I disgust myself. The only thing keeping me alive is the thought of how it would hurt my family, and those fleeting moments of happiness in day-to-day life. 

I see now that I have been miserable as long as I have been self aware. My suicidal thoughts now are just a continuation of my thoughts from childhood. I've always hated myself. Now, I just can't hide from it anymore. Life has no inherent value. I'm not special. I'm not “worth saving.” I'm just a lump of dust in a meaningless universe.

Tl;dr I'm a worthless, petty piece of shit with a small, ugly penis, a small, ugly body, and a dead testicle, and I don't want to keep on living an empty, lonely, meaningless existence. I've hated myself since childhood and I just want to be dead.