how much longer can i live with being totally useless never good enough and unloved for? (vent)my life feels like an endless cycle of being hurt and everytime i try to overcome my self loathing life just smacks me in the face with about 20 more awful things at once that only make me worse. i know i’m just not good enough for anything or anyone frankly , no ones ever been in love with me, i’m not pretty or talented or even a good person. i’m a fucked up mixture of total carelessness for myself and everyone else and caring so much about every little thing that it’s unbearable to even move or speak. i don’t want to admit the only time i’m happy is when i’m on drugs but they’re all that haven’t fucking let me down, i’ve slowly and quickly lost everyone in my life and no ones there for me when i need them, though i know i’m probably just too high maintenance and they can’t be fucked to see through it frankly. no ones ever loved me, truly loved me, not my family, a friend, a boyfriend or anyone. at least that’s how it feels. either they’re moving country, or not picking up calls for days, or having a go at me when all i need is someone to talk to, with my family i just feel like an awful game of pass the parcel, chucked around one house to another cause no one wants the hassle of looking after me anymore. and if it’s any consolation, i want to save them and everyone from it. make everyone happy. people talk about how when someone dies people realise how important the person really was and blah blah but i really don’t think it would be so with me. no ones ever seen good in me or loved me or tried to help for longer than a month or two, so many people are so angry at me and hate me just for the way i present myself and the things i say, i want to just get off everyone’s backs and end it but i also want to hope that it really couldn’t get any worse and it can only go up from here. but i just can’t believe it anymore. years after years of thinking i’ve finally found the one, they use me, abuse me, cheat on me, or just stop talking to me. i’m no way trying to remove blame from myself, i’ve presented myself as a careless bpd attention seeking druggie and wouldn’t expect anyone to treat me any different. i just wish there was someone out there who’d love me. just one person. cause the fact i’ve never been loved and it feels everyone else i know has by so many times by so many different people just destroys me. they’ve either had a s/o that did anything for them, a stable and loving family member, or a best friend who couldn’t be taken away from them by anything. i don’t know what to do anymore and i think i’m past the point of where any help could actually help me. i think i’m a lost cause, and i don’t know how much longer i can do this for. i just want someone to say they love me, mean it, give me a big hug and listen to me for a while. all i need is one person. i can’t feel this alone for much longer.