Suicide from physical illness?I'm interested to know if anyone else is contemplating suicide over an unknown or incurable physical illness?

Since late November of 2016, I've experienced a perplexing array of symptoms. I had some anxiety/depression before this time, but one incident sent my physiology and mind over a cliff. I had chamomile tea with lavender one night -- the first time I had ever tried it -- to help ease me to sleep at night. Before this, I hadn't experienced difficulties sleeping. About an hour after drinking it, I began to feel weird, and decided to lay down, only to experience a slight, radiating pain from my solar plexus area upwards to my neck. The next day, I awoke to extreme anxiety that was crippling, accompanied by my first actual panic attacks, etc. Then, two nights later, I went out with a friend who was in town, and had a few beers to drink, but did not indulge excessively. The day after that, I awoke to a crashing feeling, where everything was gray, flat, dull, and seemed unreal.

Fast forwards a few weeks, in which I suffered a lack of energy and cognitive impairment, and I stopped taking 300 mcg of melatonin at night to help me sleep, and my sleep fell off of a cliff. It's continued to this day, where I sleep for about 2-3 hours and then awake every 90 minutes, waking up to feel completely exhausted.

Now I can't drink any alcohol, or my sleep is even worse, whereas I once was able to drink quite a bit and sleep without a problem. I've developed dizziness occasionally, some vertigo when I drive, a sensation of falling when I'm standing in the grocery store before food aisles, and continued sleep difficulties. My gait is also sometimes uncoordinated and awkward.

I've tried non-prescription means to resolve my ailments, and I currently take Fish Oil, Vitamin D3, B Complex, Multivitamin, Probiotic (more on that in a bit), and Magnesium.

St. John's wort made me feel high and generally quite strange, so I discontinued it after one use. Sam-e sent my anxiety through the roof and also produced a weird feeling, as well.

When I started the probiotic, I initially had heightened anxiety, but that subsided, and I began to feel incredibly refreshed. There were some nights where I felt as I hadn't felt in years, in a good way. However, one night, I experienced a crashing sort of fatigue, where my lymph nodes began pulsing, I felt as though I was going to sleep sitting upright, and I couldn't focus or do anything. Then, my sleep worsened exponentially as well. I switched the brand of my probiotic, as well as the strains, and I seem to tolerate the new one at least somewhat well.

I haven't tried a prescription AD yet, as I'm afraid of the side effects and what it'll do to my physiology. Additionally, and which is why I'm posting here, I'm so exhausted, having seen multiple doctors, having blood work done, thyroid and adrenal function tested, getting an EKG, D3 and cholesterol levels checked, and receiving no answers, really, except that my blood work is "normal," my EKG is "flawless," and my D3 and cholesterol are "excellent."

It seems like ending this ridiculous suffering is the only answer which I have left before me. It's gotten to the point where, after some particularly terrible nights of sleep, I cannot function at all for the next day. I'm so tired, in a mental fog, with no energy.

This is all on top of the worst 3 years of my life, where I experienced an abusive relationship, familial problems, friends leaving/deserting me, school difficulties, and so forth. I don't know how much longer I can withstand this. I've been giving everything I possibly can have to improve, as I want to live and pursue my writing, and be as I once was. I would give anything in the world to achieve that, but I don't know if I have it within me yet to do so.

Thoughts, anyone? I don't know particularly what I expect people to say, but I wanted to maybe find people who are struggling as I am or who could lend a listening ear and perhaps some advice.