I decided to get drunk, cut myself, and write somethingSorry if its long, a complete mess, and as pathetic as I know it is.

I cant figure out why it is I hate myself. Its been an issue for maybe 8, 9 years. Waking up every day, wondering how I can be an even worse piece of shit. I have a lot of problems, it seems, but this is one that cuts deep. It’s hard to motivate yourself when the first thing you hear in the morning is “fuck, again? I have to do this shit again?” and the last thought before you go to bed is “I hope I’m not me tomorrow. What I wouldn’t give to be someone better. Someone people respect. Someone people want to be around”. I really don’t know what to do. There are a few times (although rare) where it seems I have some kind of chance against this shit. But most times I feel like its pointless; living a life where I can only feel happiness when I’m on something. A life where I can’t motivate myself to be better. A life where I just wish that I wasn’t such a fucking embarrassment to the people around me. 

I can’t even talk to people. I’m such a fucking pussy I just let people walk all over me. Unable to speak up. Always being interrupted by someone that deserves to be heard. Its rough when you’re your own worst enemy. When you already feel crushing loneliness and not even your own mind is there to reassure you that maybe its not your fault. Maybe people are busy and thats why they won’t text back or want to hang out? Maybe some other person is having a bad day and thats why they don’t give me the time of day? But no, even my own mind is against me. Not that I can blame it. I’m just a boring, uninteresting, piece of loser garbage and I deserve what I get. It wouldn’t be a just punishment for being me unless I knew, what a complete disappointment I am. That’s why its very rare that insults hurt, because I know the truth and I’ve been telling it to myself for years. That I’m a pathetic waste of space that deserves no better than to wallow in my own pity. Forced to watch people succeed in life while I start to fail more and more at the only thing I’ve ever had any success in. Forced to watch other people live out the best moments of their life, knowing that its not me and it sure as hell won’t be. Forced to see others connecting with other people; friends, family, girlfriends. It would be nice to know what its like for someone to genuinely care about you, someone who wouldn’t lie to your fucking face. Someone who wouldn’t tell you you matter only to turn and talk shit about you. I can’t handle this paranoia anymore. Constantly worrying why the people behind me are whispering and laughing or why some person that just made brief eye contact with me just rolled their eyes.  I can’t handle being my own worst enemy.Constantly forcing myself to see the disgusting mess that I’ve become. But it’s all my fault I suppose. I had the opportunity to be normal, the chance to be a little better, the chance to not be such a fucking disgrace. But just like everything else I’ve wasted it. Now I’m drunk, alone, anxious, and hating myself. Basically any other fucking Wednesday.

I haven’t been happy or enjoyed myself in years unless I take some kind of drug. And even then I know it’s fleeting or that it only shows how weak and miserable I really am. I just wish I could be somewhat normal, or at least that I could get fucked up every day. Anything that makes this seem less real.

I wish I had the balls to kill myself. I’ve tried before, I got so close. I felt so relaxed and ready. I was almost there, I could feel myself going to sleep, yet I fucking blew it. There hasn’t been a day since where I don’t regret not being man enough to do it. 

So fuck me I guess. I deserve it anyways, at least thats what I, and other people, tell me.
