life just kinda sucks right nowscared of posting this due to some of my friends following me, but I’m terrified of reaching out to anyone specific since we’re all going through some shit right now and I don’t want to be a burden.

I don’t even know how to put it into words. Life is just not treating me well and I don’t know what to do. I’m swamped with school work and I have no time to just live. Hobbies, watching movies or shows, socializing, etc, nothing. I don’t have time for any of that. I go to sleep, I wake up and I give myself one hour to do what I want before I spend the rest of the day staring at a screen and cramping my hand by writing so much.

My family just gets worse and worse everyday. I live with my twin sister, my mom, and my grandparents. Every time I talk with my sister, she just insults me and calls it a “joke”. She’s mocked and bullied me throughout this time of quarantine and before that and I can’t take it anymore. My grandparents, my sister, and my mom are always yelling at each other. Especially my grandma and my sister. Every night at dinner ends in a screaming match. My grandma has guilt tripped me a lot and I’ve started to be scared of my grandpa as he gets angry very easily and lashes out. My mom is the only person I can really talk to, and even with that I feel like a burden.

I’m trying to get an autism diagnosis as well, but it seems as if no one believes me. I told my therapist and she’s having me screened for social anxiety and autism, and my mom has said that I’ve “convinced [myself] [I’m] autistic”. My sister has often use the r slur and autism as insults as well, and despite me telling her that she shouldn’t she still does.

Not to mention the current politic state of America, and the pandemic that is still happening. Sometimes I wish I could contract it so I could die. People won’t wear masks or quarantine themselves, and all they’re doing is making this pandemic worse.

I’ve lost over ten pounds since I’ve started antidepressants. I’m never hungry and I’m never thirsty. I don’t have the energy to take care of myself. I almost fainted in the shower a few days ago.

I just want to end it. I wish 5th grade me went through with their plan. I have no escape besides the internet, and I have no time to consume content I like. I’ve never wanted to kill myself so bad. In theory it would be so easy, but I’m too much of a coward to actually do it. I’m 15, turning 16 next February. I won’t be able to move out for another 2 years. I’m terrified of driving. I don’t want to hurt the friends I have or my mom but it just hurts to live. I promised a friend of mine and my mom I wouldn’t leave. I have possibly the most amazing and supportive partner ever and I would never want to hurt him.

I don’t see myself graduating high school. I don’t see myself going to college or growing old. I didn’t even plan to make it this far in life but here I am and I’m suffering because of it.

I would tell my therapist about this but the last thing I want to do is be placed in a mental hospital/psych ward/whatever they put you in. I don’t want my entire school knowing I’m suicidal. I don’t want my family to hang it over my head. I don’t want my old ex-friends from my old religious private school calling me selfish and sinful. I don’t want my sister to use it against me in ever interaction we have. I would rather just kill myself than go through that.

I’m so tired. I want to leave this life so bad, and I don’t know what to do. I’m too scared to do it. 

People say “it gets better” or “if you can’t live for yourself, life for someone else” and... I don’t think it does, and I don’t know if I can.

I just need a break.