I gave up on life 5 years ago because I’m uglyI’m male, aged 30 (look younger) 182cm tall (1cm under 6ft) skinny af lanky with long legs etc, pale with a receding hairline and a kissless virgin (never touched a girl or even had more than a few words spoken to me by one)  So yea in the looks department it’s over. I never leave the house and havnt since 2015. Between 2012-2015 I had a bar job,I had girls like me and I wasn’t ugly then facially. I got older and ugly.  I met some amazing people but also some horrors. Horrible women who’d call me ugly and treat me like shit for it and these were the staff and managers I worked with. The good looking guys could do no wrong and when they fucked up it was pinned on me so many times by a fat ugly overweight bitch.

◾️Heres an example: I serve a table of 6 ‘ladies’ in their 40s food and try being polite and helpfully nice as I can. Not one of them says thanks and they practically snatch the cutlery and plates of food from my hands when I pass it to them. When they finished eating a good looking guy I work with went over to get the plates and they stacked the plates up for him we’re all saying thanks and we’re laughing and joking with him he was there for a few minutes.  Fucking hags.◾️


 In the end I got fed up and left and havnt left the house since to let ageing hit me like a train.

🔲(Before I had that job I had the same job advisor for 6 months and she was the same, I was very quiet but also really polite and respectful and it got me nowhere, she was still snotty and bitchy with me and would totally ignore me if I asked her advice when I needed it.  but yet you’d see other guys who were aggressive and disrespectful but because they were hunky/manly and attractive she’d open up easily to them and be very nice with them and help them no problem. This gave me trust issues) 


 I do go out to work at football stadiums as a steward and that’s the same, women staring me down because I’m skinny like it’s my  fault they’re fat. Other guys I work with staring at me with a ‘wtf is that’ face and overweight short girls calling me a ‘Ming’ (whatever that means) it’s great when say for example an older male will pass conversation to me and be very friendly and I think ‘it’s nice when someone looks past what I look like’. It’s funny how I succumbed to judging people’s niceness to how they judge me on my looks or not. but there isn’t many like that about. I eat to gain weight my face goes fat and rounder but thinner I feel better. Still hidoeus nevertheless. A comment on here once I asked about my hair one comment said ‘he’s clearly balding and hidoeus btw’ and it got upvoted 17 times. I drink whiskey every night watching cartoons  and I’m starting to get chest pains. 

Also the only girl who ever liked me was in 2014 at work and She was gorgeous too. You should of seen her Instagram at the time it was fire. 
She worked in the bar with me. I was 24 then. I looked nice then. You should see me now it’s depressing. Waking up every Morning crying through sleepy half shut eyes 

I basically live upstairs watching Netflix everyday and smoking weed in a house waiting to die while seeing other guys my age or younger/older have looks on their side and a life to go with it. Funny how most of them are cocky as hell and very arrogant and the girls love it. I have a friend whos like that he’s cocky as hell and thinks every girls he walks past fancies him and you wouldn’t believe how the girls love that persona on him too. 

It’s not about getting Girls for me, but I could care less about not getting sex tbh etc it’s juts the restricted life I have because I’m ugly and seeing good looking dudes treated better even when they’re complete cocky arrogant assoles. 

Lookism man


Edit: Iv tried stopping the whiskey every night in a pathetic attempt to look less ugly again but I don’t think it will work