This year feels like the last.
I know i’ve said this before but I honestly haven’t felt this worthless, ever. I remember being a kid and having hopes and dreams; I thought one day i could afford to buy my mom a home and take care of her the way she always took care of me. I think i have a plan for helping her though, it just means i have to stick things out for a little while longer and then i can benefit her a little bit. It won’t be enough, but it will help. And considering how she seems to feel about me now, this will be better for her. I would like for her to hold onto good memories of when we were young instead of ruining it by letting her know who i turned out to be.

I wish i saw some light or some hope or just anything in the future, but i look forward and everything is just blank now. 
How did this happen? 
Why is it so easy for other people to progress? 

I’ve always said that the most important thing in life is being happy and yet it’s the thing that always escapes me. I really don’t know what i’m doing wrong and i’m just so tired of trying. All i’ve really ever wanted was a true partner. I hate being alone. Even being with someone who only pretends to care about me has been better than being by myself. 
I’m sure realistically i could find someone acceptable who wouldn’t hurt me too much, it just doesn’t feel worth it. I feel like i lost myself cus i never really knew who i was before him. I never felt complete. And now i don’t think i can ever again. 

&amp;amp; the real is that though no one could admit it, i am just a burden to all of them. I know it scares them all when i avoid talking to anyone for weeks. I’m no good at being a positive force in people’s lives, i just fuck things up. I have so much debt, no career to focus on and everything that mattered to me before is gone. The world is falling apart anyway and while i tell other people to “have faith in the coming changes” it’s not necessarily something i truly believe in. People are too corrupt and the system runs too deep. There’s no hope to be had. 
It feels like my days are slipping away from me... like everything is out of focus or far away. i have nothing to show for my life. 

Nothing is real anyway though. Time is just a social construct, feelings are just chemicals. So if nothing matters, and there’s nothing to look forward to, what’s the point?