Two weeks ago I made a massive commitment to move 800 miles to a new country to be with my gf. New job, new start, and she ended it out of the blue the day I got there.I first met my gf through work. She got a summer job due to a connection with my boss (they're both from Germany) to work in our UK office. We'd been dating since last summer, and for a few months now it's been clear that my boss was winding down all operations in the UK, and re-focusing everything in Germany where he is located.

There was only two of us left working in the UK as of this year, the other guy has apparently lost his job (put on garden leave, no confirmation of anything else otherwise) and I talked with my gf about the possibility of moving over there. She returned home last August, and we have flown out to see each other every 1-2 months since. Now she lives only 15 mins away from the German office, where she works now, and seemed incredibly excited about the idea of me joining the office over there when the UK one shut down.

Last month (March) it all started happening. Everything seemed to be fine, she was still super excited about it, and it was all finally ready to go in the middle of the month.

So I booked a channel tunnel ticket, and drove 800 miles into Germany. Literally as I got there though, she suddenly and totally out of the blue, made very clear that we were over and I wasn't welcome to stay with her.

With no one else to reach out to for help, and myself only speaking partial German, no way to contact my boss or anyone I worked with, I was facing being homeless almost immediately after arriving.

I didn't even know how to get to my office. The address isn't listed on the website, and I was expecting to be travelling there with my gf anyway. Ultimately I made the decision to go home while I could still afford the travel. So 800 miles again, and after around 34 hours of driving in total, I was back home again.

I emailed my boss to explain the situation, who (eventually) replied he was sorry to hear about it, and was looking for a solution. I haven't heard anything more in two weeks, but apparently I was fired, and haven't even been officially notified so I've just been sitting around waiting for the boss to contact me back.

I still have no idea what went wrong with my gf either. She seemed so up for the move right up until I actually got there, and I last visited her mid-February and we were just as fine as ever together. Even just trying to ask her what was wrong or what happened, she got so angry and defensive about it she just blocked me, so I can't even talk to the person who literally just 2 weeks ago, was my best friend and the love of my life. I mean I don't just risk everything like that on someone I wasn't sure about.

It hurts all the more not even knowing what happened, or why asking about it makes her so angry. Was it cold feet maybe? But I dunno why that would make her so angry to me even now.

It feels like my entire future was destroyed in one day. My gf/best friend, job, and place I was living. I've been learning German, literally putting my all into this move. We also video called every night, and nothing ever seemed unusual.

Now I'm back home. Don't even know if I've been officially fired, but either way we no longer have an office back here so I don't have a job which is quickly going to cause me a lot of problems. I've not been out of work for over 10 years, and I've jobhunting since but so far not even a response yet. The only person I could ever confide in won't even speak to me, which has just highlighted my lack of friends even more. I don't have anyone to turn to or anyone who can help me. I'm approaching 30 years old and now I'm stuck with my mum again. I've got no prospects, nothing good to look forward to, apart from financial ruin when my bills and commitments catch up to me by the end of this month. My best friend since school couldn't even give enough time to see me before I left, and still won't make time to even see me now. He lives 5 minutes up the road! But makes excuses everytime I suggest doing something. He'll never attempt to rearrange or suggest a better time.

I've just never felt so low, or so worthless and alone in all my life. I've tried reaching out to the tiny circle of friends I have, and they're all too busy to even meet up with me, even after telling them what happened. I literally can't see anything worth looking forward to. I already thought I was lucky to have the job I had. I'm not exactly a fast learner, despite my efforts, and I've constantly been worried about falling behind. I've got no one to even spend time with, and have the financial fallout of not having a job so unexpectedly looming over my head. I don't really even have the means to meet new people. I'm quite shy and awkward with new people, so actually meeting someone new who doesn't think I'm an idiot is pretty hard.

It's just since I've come back home. I've been sitting alone, jobhunting, and just wracking my brains over what could possibly have even happened. Everyone I've tried reaching out to just won't give me any time at all, so either I'm too much of a hassle to deal with, or they just don't give a shit about me. I just can't see any way this will get better for me. I was already pretty depressed before I met this girl, but she gave me a new lease of life. A new start, somewhere totally new where I could try to really find myself again. I had so much hope for the first time in years, and it's the first time in my life I've ever actually felt like someone wanted to be around me. It just feels so cruel that I thought I had finally found a life I could be happy with, and it was pulled out from underneath me, and I still don't even know why.

I hate feeling like this. Thoughts of ending it make me feel so goddamn selfish. I just don't see anything to look forward to, or even really who would miss me. Some immediate family perhaps, but even then I get the idea I'm already seen as a disappointment.