(17 y/o male) My story.I really didn't know how to start this, and this is my first ever post on Reddit, I have another account, but I'm just a lurker, but I do spend a lot of time in this sub-reddit.
I can't use my other account as it is a popular nickname that I use over the internet, and one that all my friends know, and I don't want them to find out just how bad I've gotten.
Through out 2009 and 2010 I had two relationships which resulting in major trust issues that have negatively affected my current relationship (we are both nearly 18), due to those 'relationships' I haven't been able to trust anyone in 3 years, when ever I begin to trust someone they just show me another reason why I shouldn't, this results in me having anxiety attacks (I'll talk about it in a bit) when ever my S.O doesn't reply, I know this is stupid and I wish I could stop it, but I just can't seem to.
I was cutting myself nearly twice a week for a long time there, I know most of the people out there wouldn't think my cuts were serious, but they were to me :/ After I cut I seemed to feel better for a little while, I guess I thought of it as me punishing myself for being useless.
I often wake up believing that suicide is a real option, I believe that I should do it, and that it would make everyone around me happier, when I think about it logically it really would make everyone happier. I'm to scared to actually do it though, some days I just wish I had the balls to get up and actually do it.
I have a eating disorder where I starve myself, often I go days without food, but most days I have around one small meal, every time I eat I just feel sick, I was really bad a few months ago to the point where I didn't eat for days, then I got a bit better, but now it's just gotten bad again.
I also have crippling anxiety attacks, I had one a few nights ago which resulting in me on my floor in the fetal position being unable to move for over 15 minutes, I have constant anxiety attacks which drove me to smoking, I feel better when I smoke, it's a horrible and disgusting habit, but it is just a coping mechanism, and it's all I have.
I didn't really expect anyone to read this far, everyone in my life has already proved I'm worthless to them, and it makes me feel a little better knowing that you would actually read all of this just for me.
Thank you for actually reading this.