Prepare to roll your eyes...I'm 23, was just dismissed from the University of Pittsburgh and just let go from my Student job. Thousands of dollars in student debt and behind months worth of rent. I see it plain as day, my life isn't over, I've been through worse. I'm just tired, I've failed so many times that it's getting difficult to summon any strength. Thankfully the more time I spend failing, the more doors close. Those stars I've been shooting for come closer to the ground every time I miss.

I attended the Swanson School of Engineering on a whim, and found myself in a depressing city with broken people. My relationships have been uninspired, my jobs all dead-end, and I can't help but realize that I'm the constant factor. I only have superficial interests, spend my days watching Youtube videos ad nauseam, I think the site preys on the bored and the depressed alike. I spend my days entertaining myself, and think that maybe my secret passion is entertaining others. I'm definitely critical, so maybe I can be a writer, director, or even a Youtuber.

Irresponsibly, I bought a condensor microphone and wrote a script, I wanted to make someone laugh. After a week of struggling to release my first 2-3 minute video, I've realized that anything I'm going to want to do will require hard work. I feel like I just don't have it in me, 5 years of misery has beaten all the joy out of my life. I kicked a 9 month spice/bath salts addiction years ago, but find that I'm still that weak piece of garbage waiting for the next source of entertainment.

I'd say I don't have any passions in life, but really, I don't have any passion for life. I feel like trying to continue with making videos, or really anything creative will help, but I can't express enough how it just feels like I'm moving through quicksand. Like there's some small voice within me begging me to keep going, but all I can muster are expressionless, labored movements.

If it weren't for the trouble it would cause my loved ones, I would have jumped off to the next life in seconds. I hope that by writing this embarrassing, whiny, drivel, I've at least shown that I'm authentically unhappy and more importantly I hope you forgive me for taking up your time.

Thank you for reading, I'd appreciate any feedback at all really.