I'm losingI'm losing the fight. The urge to end it is so strong. He abandoned me again. I don't like who you are anymore. You've broken me so many times and keep giving me hope only to break every promise and abandon me over and over. Push and pull push and pull. Give me hope and break my heart. I'm mourning a person and you're making me remourn you over and over. You're a stranger you're not who you were. You're now with someone who's the embodiment of everything you said you hated. The opposite of me. But I was happy you were well. You know I'm suicidal and have abandonment issues. You keep pretending to care and then breaking me as soon as I trust you again. 


You didn't cause my depression but you've broken me in every way possible. You're not a bad person but you're sure dressed up like one these days.


I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die 


I'm afraid if I don't succeed my mom will be mad about the mess and kick me out.


I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die I want to die 


The urge is so strong. IM FUCKING TIRED IM TIRED IM TIRED IM SO TIRED NO MATTER WHAT IM JUST TIRED. and I let people down. I let myself down. I hate myself. I don't know how to fix me. I don't know how to fix how I feel. I'm ugly I hate myself I'm horrible I want to die. 


You're fucking selfish for wanting me to endure. Fuck off. Fuck you. I'm mad. I'm mad and tired. Im mad, tired, can't  stop fucking crying. Every fucking day. Every fucking night. Cry cry cry. In between work. When no one's looking. Just crying and feeling my heart rip apart over and over. Crying and feeling the numbness creep over. Empty, hurt, numb, pain. You think I laugh BC I'm amused? It's my mask. I'm pretending. Look at the puppet dancing. "You seem better" hah. No. Fuck off. I don't need to justify how I feel when my mask is on. "Come to me any time" *changes subject every time* it's a joke and makes me laugh. Everyone leaves. No one listens. Everyone goes away. My fucking fault. My fucking fault. My fault my fault my fault my fault my fault . 



I hate you so much BC I love you. I don't want to anymore. You're not who you promised you were. You're a stranger. You say things to hurt me on purpose. You think I don't notice BC I brush them off. Fuck you. Just be you again. The one I knew for six years. Fucking fake. You're fake. You're mean. You're not the one I fell for. You used to hold me when people made me feel this way now you do it and I have no one. Nothing . Still want to run to you though. Not you, the you that was. The you that is is a horrible scummy person. I'm angry. I'm hurt. You blame me for everything. We both chipped the walls and you brought them down while I was holding spackle. Coward. Fuck you. 



I hate me so much BC I wasn't good enough to make you stay. I'm not good enough to be loved and listened to. My life has no meaning and purpose. One day I'll do it. One day I'll be gone. 


Thank God my counselor got back to me for tomorrow or I might not have made it through th night