I've decided I want to end my lifeI'm almost 25 and it has become clear to me that I want to end my life.

When I was around 15, it became clear I wanted a university degree. I was an underachiever in school and my mother kept pushing me to drop out of school. She would scream and insult me when I resist. But I kept fighting back to stay in school, often involving counsellors to defend me because I felt I wouldn't be listened to if I spoke myself.

I didn't meet the requirements for university. My mother pushed me into a graphic design course I did for 6 months, then I pushed back into a university preparation course, then she pushed me into an arts degree after I completed the university preparation course, I did that for a year even though I didn't want to, then pushed back and started a Computer Science degree.

As you can see, there was no clear plan. Just two different conflicting ideals. But sadly for her, it is my life so she can fuck off and stop controlling it.

I did a year of a Computer Science degree. I consider going to university and doing a degree of my own choice the proudest thing I've ever been proud of -- because my mother made it her mission to make sure it doesn't happen. Yelling at me to give up and forget it.

The process of staying in school and going to university was a hurtful and intense experience which redefined what I want out of life, and my parent's roles in my life. It didn't happen once; it happened every year from 15 onwards until I no longer needed to rely on them. My sister believes my mother did nothing wrong and believes I'm just blaming her -- I believe she's just too blindly loyal to see any wrongdoing in my mother's behaviour.

After a year of my degree, I fell into deep depression and left university for 2 years. One year I was on the welfare, the next year I worked at a supermarket (grocery store). They didn't appreciate me there. I was honest about my struggles with mental health early on, and had issues with talking to myself in the isle. It was a tough experience.

After that, I quit and came back to university.

I have an ongoing backward-thinking habit. I don't know where it comes from, but it has existed for my whole adult life. I continually think about people, places, and memories from my past, and feel a frequent urge to search them up online to see how they are now. I feel regret at hurting others and smile at the nicer memories. I still think about YouTube personalities I used to watch at about 10 years ago who haven't uploaded videos for years.

I've seeked out EMDR because I believed it was trauma. But now I'm not sure. I don't know why I continually live in the past, but I believe it is a lifelong habit I'm stuck with.

Now I'm almost 25 in a week. I've seen many of my peers in the 4 different courses at 3 different institutions I've done graduate, I'm watching peers from high school and university have babies and get married. Every day I'm just reminded of how far away my high school years ago, and watch as peers keep moving ahead with their lives.

Even if I do graduate and get a degree, so what? I'm still going to keep looking backwards forever.

I've decided I don't want children because the inability to move on from past experiences isn't practical.

I've also had a lot of fun in my youth and it seems from here, it gets a whole lot more boring.

So I don't really see much point in being alive anymore.

I want to end my life and just write on my suicide note that if there is a funeral, my sister and mother aren't welcome, so they can have a good think about how they've treated me.