Done with reddit.As the title says, im done with reddit. Well, if you dont technically include this post.... but this is more for others. if you're depressed in any sense, find another site. The two years I've used this site haven't done shit. In fact, I've felt worse everytime I used it because as few of the responses I got were from assholes! As of recent they have tried clearing this issue.... and gotten rid of most people who want to help as well! This applies to the depression part of reddit too. The people here are almost synonymous with 4chan. I'm not even joking.... there are few who care in the slightest and most of them are gone now! Even then they were just random people who sometimes had no chance of cheering you up in any way, but now you don't even find people who have a chance to cheer you up! Most people now use "tough love" which doesn't help, is against the rules, and may be harsher then tough love. They often carry the "if you dont like it then get out" thought process. I have made over 10 posts on here, only found 3 people who were actually helpful in lifting spirits or being there for you in any sense. Then you have all the other people who ask a question and leave, those who encourage youre depression, and those who think if you bite enough bullets you'll be fine or the straight up just call you a pussy. If this site was getting better not worse then you wouldn't see this message, but it just gets worse! Even in some areas I have left posts about how I feel there should be a change because it leaves some people uncomfortable and how it was pretty much against the rules, i quickly met hate and arguments that had little evidence that the person even knew what they were talking about. It's like "welcome to reddit, here's all the places and goodbye till next time you get bored. Oh, you don't want funny comments and pictures? Then if you just head over there you can find our loners club, we'll send some trolls to tend to you" so, I'm fed up! Normally you wouldn't really here me whine like this (except in my posts of how I am a depressed sack o shit) but this site has honestly made me feel more suicidal then when I came here..... and for 2 years! So I didn't try it one day and left, no no no.....  I gave it 2 years worth of chances! Normally if you were actually looking to get rid of depression you see SOME kind of improvement over 2 years.... so yeah, if you're depressed or want to help some one who is, try another site. It'll work much better for you and them. And if this gets taken down? Well, it won't be for the people and that just means reddit hates criticism that will likely be buried in.... 6 days?  I think that's how long posts usually last before they don't get any views.....