Just need to ventSome of this may be triggering to some people please dont read this if you think you can't handle it. I guess I just want someone to know my story even if its a stranger on the internet.

I'm 20 yr old male and I live in the UK. My mother was and is a heroin addict, an alcoholic, violent, has severe psychiatric problems and does not take medication or have treatment. Her mother (my maternal grandmother) was a violent extremely overzealous Christian and a cruel woman who could make other people outside the home believe she was a lovely church going lady with a troubled daughter. I lived with my mum, her and my younger half sister for most of my life. My mum was barely there. She was also in prison a lot and when she was home she made things worse. My grandmother used to beat me and lock me in a cupboard, saying I was the son of the devil, the antichrist and whatever else she could find in her bible. I got starved if I disobeyed, and I got beat, usually with a wooden rolling pin if I spoke out of turn. My half sister never experienced this abuse, my grandmother seemed to see her as an angel, and me as the demon. She idolised my sister. I could hear her singing "you are my sunshine" to my sister at night sometimes and i always cried wishing she'd sing it to me

When i got to about 13 my mum came back and got her own house from the council. I moved in with her and my sister stayed with my grandmother. I had a lot of pity for my mum, i knew she was messed up and she'd had to deal with abuse as a kid. I thought i could help her and possibly fix her and have a happy life with her there. Well the next 3 years were the worst of my life.

*this paragraph is graphic but i need to get it out feel free to stop reading* i started caring for my mum when she OD'd or just sat staring at a wall, stealing food from shops and begging for change so my mum could afford vodka,  which she said she would die if i didnt get it for her. I didnt mind this too much, but then my mums drug addict friends started coming round more and more and living there, i dont want to go into too much detail but this ended up with me being raped by a group of them in exchange for heroin and a six pack of beer. This happened several times. I attempted suicude at age 16,and ended up in hospital, then a psychiatric ward, then social services, then with ny paternal grandparents who are wonderful.

However the damage is still there and i cant escape it. I have had several suicide attempts, which have just left me damaged in different ways. I've broken my spine from jumping off a building into traffic, i had sixteen hours of surgery, part of my crushed spine removed and a metalvrod, screws and plates put into my back, which then got infected and i had to have 8 more hours surgery, and now im in constant pain. The doctor said im lucky to walk but will likely be in pain for the rest of my life.

I've only just been starting to improve a tiny bit (actually thinking i have a chance at maybe having a future) the past few months. I was in a relationship with someone who i believed loved me and i loved them. We were going to move in together. First he cheated which was hard to get over, but i tried to let it go, and now, a few days ago, seemingly randomly after a night out to a bar we usually went to, he broke up with me, wouldn't give me a reason specifically but just told me he couldn't stand the person i was anymore and that i was selfish and made everyone around me miserable by being miserable. I was sobbing begging him for an answer amd to not do it, all he said to me was "stop shouting you'll get me in trouble with my housemate" i then went home and just aobbed for 2 days. He's since texted me, he hasn't given me any reason yet, he only text me to tell me to pick up my wallet which i dropped as he threw me out. I feel completely drained of any hope, i feel nauseous, i feel like i need to cry, but theres no tears left. I haven't slept in 3 days and i seem to find a way to have a meltdown about everything. My doctors have increased all my meds (antidepressants, antipsychotics, mood stabilisers, tranquilisers, sleeping tablets) and they haven't done anything. So i have started to stockpile them. I know I sound selfish, but I cant stand living anymore. I don't even want to try and imagine a future, and i feel mortified that for the time I was with my partner I felt like it was possible. I'm planning in taking my life when I have enough meds and enough different types of meds that I can take them one night, while my family are asleep, and not be disturbed and have an almost certain chance of dying, I've also been buying over the counter painkillers from the local pharmacists and supermarkets. I'm going to take them with alcohol. I'm going to put a bag over my head and lie on my back so I can't throw up. I've written a brief note. I'm going to write the proper one on the night. I'm not going to listen to anyone trying to stop me. I know I'm selfish. I just wanted to get ehats in my head every day out somewhere, and this is probably yhe wrong place tbh. Sorry if it is. I hope you all have a better life, take care and thanks for taking the time to read my story. 