Severe anxiety around adoptive family resulting in regular periods of starvation and dehydrationYou would think that you would be comfortable around the people that love you the most: your family. But for me, that is not the case. I have severe social anxiety around all of them. It’s even more difficult because it happens to be a large family. I do not speak a word to them, I only speak when I am spoken to and give short answers. My voice makes me sound nervous as fuck, it’s so shaky. I think that’s because I literally have energy for nothing, not even speaking. Every little thing I do around them, I overthink about it for hours on end. I worry about what they are thinking about me and how weird I am. It's been like this for years. I feel absolutely pathetic.

It's so bad that I am not able to make any kind of noise without worrying about being judged. It is seriously that fucking bad. Even moving about in my bed while someone is moving outside my room. Sometimes I say "fuck it" and do it anyway but the anxiety is still there.

I can't even think about trying to go downstairs and make myself something to eat while my family is there. Because I know I can't make conversation so it will just be awkward as I quietly stand there waiting for my toast to pop up or whatever. I often go starving for hours waiting to be called down for dinner  (over which I get severe anxiety obviously, but still look forward to because it is sometimes the only food I get in a day). The only other food I sometimes get is that which I grab when I sneak downstairs at night when no one else is there. I still hate having dinner with them though because I’m so fucking silent. I physically can’t speak to them, in part because I have no energy to and in part because I have a sense of hatred towards them deep down for all the anxiety they have caused me. 

You can see why I am so fucking suicidal. I am useless. I have literally no energy because I cannot eat or drink anything for hours on end and it really fucks up my sanity. I’ve found myself self harming many of times because of how I have to suffer for so long just until I can get something to eat. 

Normal people would just go downstairs the split second they need something and would make whatever they want. Maybe ask their parents about something or have a conversation. I can’t do any of that. I can’t make myself a nice little snack or anything which would make me a little happier, instead I have to just starve and hide in my room all day while harming myself and researching suicide methods.

I know I need to get the fuck away from this family. That is my priority. Obviously I will be anxious moving somewhere unfamiliar but I don’t give a fuck, at least I’ll get away from this family that doesn’t give two fucks about me.