I feel like killing myself and these past few months have been horrible (longish)(I'm sorry if the way I type is horrible, not exactly in a good state of mind)
so yeah this will possibly be long i don't even know right now.

okay, i'm in highschool young and everything. i should be some happy kid. not really so practically went to a doctor like two years ago and was clinically depressed been feeling the same since. When I got that home that day I got told by my older sister to 'get over it', my mother was on a vacation at the time and said she'd get me help never did she kinda just makes fake promises and then my dad has to step in although it's hard for just one parent and I know that.

Recently this year, everything has fallen down. At school a lot of the people I cared about left or it just broke apart. I sit in bathroom stalls and wait for breaks to be over and it's not the loneliness that bothers me it's the fact is I feel so just sad when I realize that I can't go outside without wanting to crawl in a hole and that I have no friends. Yes I've tried the good old solution of 'why not try and make friends' it's hard because I don't like the people in my school. Yes there maybe some different great side of them but I take into consideration what they decide to show and a lot of it is either disgusting or just nothing I'd ever relate with. Once upon a time I was more happy and courageous but ever since the start of this year I've lost motivation, I have potential in school but it's just the motivation to try and do it, it's not there. I've also recently grown to be very anxious and have social anxiety which impacts me a lot at school.

I've became more sad to the point I've began to self harm. It's not that I wanna cut deep enough and that I don't wanna stop. It's just the first cut kinda just... released something for me. Just made me feel like I am releasing inner demons but in the end it never worked and it's more like a vicious cycle. I don't know what I'm doing anymore and it's got to the point I will break down all the time and my anxiety is through the roof in real life. I feel like killing myself I'm just cowardly and scared to feel the pain.

I hate myself, I feel worthless and like I'm a burden everyday of my life. Even online I'm scared whenever no one replies and I freak out because I believe I've annoyed them and that I deserve it and then I hurt myself mentally even more. I have extreme self esteem issues and have recently thought about starving myself a week ago it got to the point where I was suffering severe dehydration and I didn't care. Almost once a year in the past 4 years I've been to hospital for dehydration leading to a virus. Each and everytime I've enjoyed the hospital, I find the hospital weirdly comforting and I just like laying in a bed and just sitting there not having to do anything. Most days when I wake up for school I just wanna stay in bed and think about just sleeping all day but I've already taken up to 3 months off these past 6 months. I plan to possibly starve myself because I feel like crap whenever I look at myself and my eating has gone down anyway. I've also always failed with friendships and each and everytime I do something wrong feel worthless and stupid and then I just accept I ruin every relationship/friendship and that I should just die.

Also I've had the big trouble of my mother doesn't support me. I remember the school social worker called my mum and I had no clue came home to hear 'Who's your friends at school?'. I told her no one and she just shrugged it off, she blames me for a lot of things when I ask simple things I just get yelled at. My sister is 23 and abuses me verbally, back two years ago when I was told by my G.P I was depressed and he gave me antidepressants. My mother never let me take them and at the moment my mother has been on holidays and my sister is 'caring' for me. I was at my dads on a Thursday night and I realized I don't have any charger or anything so I decided to leave Friday afternoon so i text my sister and ask kindly to leave the key under the door only to get told after awhile of me just being kind that "I need to stop acting like an adult even though I'm young and that I treat everyone like shit. Also that I pulled the 'antidepressant thing'." I've never thought of her as a sister either since we definitely don't love eachother in anyway. So it's always been a problem with no one to even lean on. 