Yesterday, I tried ending my life.This is going to be cluttered and chaotic, and a super long post. I'm sorry in advance. ): 

I've been having anxiety attacks a lot lately. I left school early because of it and on the ride back home, me and my mom into an argument because she wasn't listening to what I was saying that was causing my anxiety. I was telling her it was schoolwork (and it is, I have a lot piled up and i've been catching up this weekend) but she insisted it was my friends causing it, and because I wasn't in a good state of mind, I lashed out at her. I mentioned some of my issues my mom has been having (an example would be on how her and my dad haven't been on the same page as of recently) and used that against her. I regret that choice now, and it was really messed up for me to even mention it. So, my mom started calling me names (like slut, rat, bitch, whore) and started talking about how I didn't deserve to come home from school and how she should've left me there, how she shouldn't feed me dinner anymore, how i'm abusive, etc.. 

When we got home, I started doing schoolwork while she was still yelling at me. Then she went to go lie down, and I decided to take a walk to go end my life. I walked for 2 hours, and I zoned out for most of it. I felt blank. Nothing was in me anymore. I went down to the bridge near my house twice, and the second time I got caught for sitting down on the bridge railing while looking down at traffic. A police car pulled up next to me and the police officer got out and started talking to me. I started crying as he was talking to me, and I just started telling him everything. I didn't tell him about my mom, though. 

He then took me home, and while on the way there my mom was also looking for me. We passed by her (she was driving her car) and I told him about it and my mom saw me in the cop car, so she also pulled over. Me and the cop both got out, he talked to my mom, and then he left. 

I got in my mom's car, and then she started driving to back to our house. The conversation with her wasn't really all that important, she asked if he was nice, checked to make sure the cop wasn't at our house, and then we went to Starbucks. She called me dumb for going to the bridge to commit suicide. That stung. 

And since then, me and my mom haven't talked about it. I guess she told my other family some details about it, cause my dad was trying to talk to me about how I had a bad day, etc.. but he didn't mention the suicide attempt or anything. 

So, there's that. I realize what I did to my mom was rude and mean, and I deeply regret it. I've tried committing suicide around three times so far, all with the same bridge with unfortunately, no results. Nobody would care. I don't have a partner, nor do I have friends. People would celebrate my death.

TLDR: had an anxiety attack at school, mom brought me home and we started arguing in the car, hurt her feelings so she hurt mine, went on a walk to kill myself, cop found me and brought me back to my mom, mom called me dumb, and told other family members certain details and left out other details.