I'm only 20 years old but I constantly think about the process of ageingSorry if this is too long.

I'm "only" ("only" according to what people say) 20 years old, and even though I wouldn't say I feel "old" exactly, I'm always thinking about our finite youth, about ageing and our mortality. I can't get it out of my head.

A new song from a band I like comes out and I realise they're 33, and I immediately start imagining myself in their shoes, as a 30 year old, with a lot of nostalgia of the past and thinking about my past and my past mistakes. I'm inevitably miserable in these pictures.

I see people I like, admire or love age and that induces me into a profound existential crises. I'm **extremely** scared of ageing, you probably have no idea how much it scares and paralyses me. I'm scared of regrets, I'm scared of ending up a nobody, I'm scared of working a job I hate and that drains me emotionally.

I can't stop thinking about my past regrets and worrying about doing things now that I will regret in the future. I feel so much guilt when I'm not 100% efficient in what I'm doing. I feel so bad about myself, my laziness and my inability to spend long hours focused and studying. I guess I hate myself for allowing myself to get defeated so easily by difficulty, I hate myself for being too weak. I really REALLY want this thing but I'm so fucking lazy and when things get difficult I just can't pull through. I want it so much that I want to cry. It's more like a necessity than a mere desire.

The idea of having obtained this dream of mine is super motivating, but having to do the work exhausts me *emotionally*. I know at least one of the reasons why this happens (meaning perhaps there are others), but I'm too embarrassed to tell anyone, let alone publicly. The past month when mom came to visit me and help me with my breakdown, with difficulty I partially told her my "dream", why I want it, and why it's so important to me, and why working hard to achieve itself is so painful.

It's not a crime or anything like that, but it's something I feel is ridiculous and laughable, something silly and that demonstrates how weak I am (or have become).

One of my fears is *having* to commit suicide in the future (between 2 and 4 years from now) due to an unbearable amount of regret and guilt. I *know* I won't find any other solution but to commit suicide if I don't achieve my dream at least partially or if I don't achieve it in the time period I *need* to. This is because my goal heavily depends on my age, and it has nothing to do with a decline in my capacities or anything like that. My goal is along the lines of "enjoy your young years doing things that 20 years olds are". Time itself is part of the "specifications" of my goal.

30 year olds or late 20 year olds hanging out with early 20 year olds is weird and unacceptable, and I wouldn't feel part of the group either. I want to hang out with 20 year olds AS a 20 year old, but right now I can't. I've already wasted so much time isolating myself for 6 years in my room with my computer, not hanging out with people my age, not gaining experiences, not making memories, but now what I want is something slightly different. And being so "ambitious" or "demanding" sometimes makes me feel bad too. Perhaps I'm just a spoiled kid who hasn't grown up yet and learned of life.

Maybe I have to stop being so stubborn and unreasonable, make peace with a life without this delusional, grandeur dream of mine, and live peacefully where I am. I know progress can't be accelerated so much, I do know it, but I so wish it could, you don't know much this pains me. Life is so painful, ageing is so painful, your face changing and getting more 30-year-old-looking is so painful. I want to stay this age forever, hang out with people my age all over the world, celebrate with them, suffer with them, talk with them, know of their dreams and fears, learn about their subcultures, be part of the group, etc.

That last sentence is an exaggerated and less specific version of what I actually want, but yea, as you see, it's kind of stupid.