I just need someone to listenI am just here to tell my story, I am not looking for sympathy.  

I was recently employed as a restaurant manager in Portland until I lost my job and my benefits.  I have not had luck finding another management position, but I have found a job as a server at a restaurant (with NO benefits)

I have a beautiful wife that loves me and supports me, but she crumbles when I tell her about how I feel like I dont want to live anymore.  I cant discuss how I feel with her.  

I have tried suicide once before, but I just woke up really sick after taking too many pills.

Now my story

I just dont want to live anymore.  As a child, I always wished that I could just go to sleep and never wake up. I felt this way all throughout my schooling.  I went to The Citadel for college, and had my first half assed attempt at suicide, but my roommate caught me and talked me out of it.  I then dropped out and went back to my parents house.

Fast forward to now..I am 33, I have never had a drink of alcohol, maintain a good credit score, and have a fake smile on my face that burns my soul.  I fake being happy, but I am just dying inside.  I cant take life anymore.  I am crushed by debt, and overwhelmed by life.

I will be taking my life as soon as I can build up the courage to.  I sit here right now with the contents of the medicine cabinet wondering how long it would take and how painful it would be.  I just would want to know that it would be clean and painless. I do this often, every time I drive over a bridge, I ask myself what if?  If someone asked what stops me, it is actually thinking about that trauma that it would cause someone to witness me do it.  

I secretly wish my wife would leave me so that I could be alone and not worry about hurting her.  It is my desire to not leave her devastated that carries me day by day.  I pick fights with her on purpose, but she is saintly with her patience, and never leaves my side. 

I plan on telling her that I cheated on her.  i never would, nor have I ever cheated on her, but I want her to HATE me.  I want that last push over the edge to give me the courage to end my life.  

That is my story as of right now.  I dont know if I will make it to tomorrow, but chances are good that I will wake up tomorrow hating myself and hoping to die, but being too cowardly to do anything.

Thanks for reading

David
