Sometimes i just go to a really dark place.I am 19 and i live in Australia.

I see a psychotherapist (two of them) a community nurse, a psychologist and my gp. it works out to about 4 appointments a month. (sometimes more) I was diagnosed with depression at age 12. since then i have been diagnosed with ADD, Bi-Polar, Borderline Personality disorder and i also am a chronic procrastinator like you would not believe.
(I'm currently browsing reddit instead of cleaning my room)

I have a couple of close friends who i can turn to when I need to but it makes me feel like i am being a drain on them despite them being very nice to me.

I was kicked out of home at age 16 and my dad doesn't want to be a part of my life anymore (i had a party when he went was out, i threw it for my girlfriend who then proceeded to sleep with all of my friends and lie to me about it) 

I feel abandonded by my family, i feel like i exploit my friends. and most of all i feel like a fat lazy motherfucker.

i need some tips on how to better motivate myself

Here is a list of the medication i take.

I smoke marijuana almost every day because it helps me take my mind of the fact that my family thinks i am a cunt.

I take dexamphetamine when i have to do work so i can pay attention (i get distracted very easily)

I smoke ciggerettes because i am a worthless piece of shit and don't respect my own body.

I havn't had a job in three months and now have $1 to my name.

Edit: I was bullied from grade 5 (age 10) to grade 11 (age 16), i went to a private school, i have tried to kill myself about 6 times, suffocation, pills, cutting, i am openly bi-sexual and this didnt go down well at this school. i didnt graduate from high school because i couldnt face the tormet that each day would bring. I have almost 0 self esteem on most days and i don't feel like i am worth peoples time. Because most people i try to talk to just write me off as useless and not worth their time. "cunt" "fag" "dick" "asshole" "loser" "you should just fucking kill yourself, even your parents don't love you"

There is so much more that i want to say but i just cant say it all :(