1. Least painful way to kill another human 2. Fuck the pussy way off yourself covered in cum and shit and piss using them to jack myself off. 3. Torture methods. The best ones. I want to pleasure myself as I torture my father to death. I have a boner typing this out.1. I think shorty to head. I don’t hate them per se, but they aren’t on my side. I’m not even gonna type out my story because none of you cunts really give a fuck. And even if you do, I know you really don’t actually give a duck. You don’t know me. I don’t know you!

Assume “you” replied and username is username1. Then, in a week I see a news report about so and so doing such. His Reddit username was username1. I would fucking laugh cuz that’s a crazy coincidence. 

Like I said. I don’t want them to suffer too long, but I would like to see the moment their soul leaves their body 

PA Walmart’s sell shotys.  I have too many ducking felonies at 19.75 almost 20 years old. 11 felonies in 2 years. Have my friend buy it (a friend that I hate a lot), and as we pull off, somehow get him on the side of road and bam. Not only that. I would jerk off onto his new hole and wipe my jizz all over his face. Then cut his cock off and drop it in his moms mailbox. 

That’s the ticket. $400 for a decent gun. Shells to kill 5 people? $50 at most. 

2. Fuck every human. I’ve been put down my whole live. Every name. Tortured. Fuck you if you can’t imagine it’s fucking bad. No pills. No concrete shows, no off a bridge, it’s killing the people that know me the best. That is the best revenge. I hope that split second before they say of like “holy shit my son is going to kill me???” I hope that hurts. And I hope the death actually hurts. 

3. Torturing my father. Waterboars him for days. Weeks. With an amohetamine IV IN HIS arm. After a few hours of boarding, I’m gonna bend him over and rape him until his anal ruptures then pull it out as much as I can and feed it to him. Then, slowly cut off slices of the fingers. One by one. Till the fingers finished. Then all the fingers, then force feed him, or shove it up his ass. His secret girlfriend? Her rape won’t be like this. She’s an ugly deformed cunt. I’m just gonna trap her in a pot of boiling water. Right before death, let her out.  Take the largest stake knife, and stab her cunt 4 feet deep. And piss and shit on her

And I’ll rape their son. I’ll rape his little ass. I’ll brake his jaw by how hard I’ll be making him suck me. After the jaws broke, I’ll rip it off. And I’ll dump both of their bodies right on the streets of Manhattan. Let everyone see. 

Back to father. Electrocution and and adrenaline shots for day. Cut off his nose and feed it to him. Beat him senseless. Then, I’m gonna take one of those skinner trees, cut it down, and the trees diameter like A foot, and thrust and thrust until it goes thru the entire body. 

When I’m done, I’ll throw him in the kiddy pool. This is the best part. 4 fucking deep but can’t swim lol. I’m definitely gonna be masturbating to that one. And I’ll rape his dead body every day until he’s rotten. 

My mom and sister are different  they don’t have what I have. They are evil cunts for that. I know they can tell it, but fuck all humanity. Now, it’s about me. I’m just gonna headshot then and leave them. 

I’ll walk through the town and rape every person I see. Until they bleed and their sphincter Rips apart. Then I’m gonna find my psych. Then the neuro, then the GP. 

I’m crushing on a girl right now. She’s cool. But I don’t know her like that. But On God, all I want to do is torture her in so many ways. Cut her ear off and shove it up her ass, make her accept my shit in my mouth and swallow. Fucking pain. It makes me want to cum so ducking hard. 

The idea of getting revenge like this, I’m literally having a boner as we speak. 

Or maybe I should let one of them watch while I tear the other apart

But I digress. My solution:


1. Shotgun to the brain. Many many times until the face is unrecognizable. Both mom and sister.

2. When I’m done killing all these people, I’ll feel normal again. And I would rather die than go with the cops. I’ll pick up some stuff and tell them to meet me at somewhere. When they walk in, I want them to see me covered in shit and piss while I jack my pathetic penis off and shove things in my ass

Once I start this mission, there is no end. All or nothing. If I happen to see a woman in the middle of this? She’s getting brutally raped until she loses all her fucking blood which I’ll then wet my cock with. Even better if there’s a kid. I’ll rip that shit out, and use his entire body as a flesh light. 

I’m finally ready. I’m more angry than I thought thong goal is to rape at least 10 cunts before I end it. I want to ruin more lives. And right up the asshole dry. 

Christians believe that after some time in lergatorh, we go to heaven! Yeah like all the serial killers and Hitler and me after this happens? Fuck off. 

Fuck Christianity. Think for yourself you stupid fucking followers. A man can’t be the sin of a god. Fuck your entire religion. Because my uncle tried to sit and tell me everyone’s going to heaven ok. Fucking faggot. 

I have the shells. I just need the gun. Don’t even need to buy one, it’s at the other house. 

And to anyone who reads this far, fuck you honestky. I resent you for feeling better than me. If I could anally rape your mother I would. I would cut her up and fuck the resulting pile of mush while you watch. 

Fuck you cunts. Fuck this website. 

I hope all of your family members 1. Die in a car accident 2. Painful cancer 3. Heart attack, burn to death. I wish they were all here because I would wipe my cock all over their newly formed Stubbs. 

Off yourself now. Like I shoulda done 8years ago. Back then I wasn’t this bad  I didn’t get immediately hard at the fact if toeturing my father. I wish I can givhis address. Hill him. Unironqkkh 


Yea I know I spelled shit wrong. Go fuck your mither on her period and suck her pussy so blood doesn’t drip