Why...just, why?I do not understand myself at times. How could i have gone from being such a carefree youth so such a troubled mind and soul. As it stands, I diagnose myself with anxiety, depression, psychosomatic chest pains, borderline OCD, overactive bladder and wokeness. Only one of those is speculative. The others are certified by medical professionals. I want to end my existence, honestly I truly feel that it would be the solution to all my problems. People say it is not but let’s think about this for a second. The mental health issues I have will never disappear, they can only be alleviated (I’m basing this statement on my personal research into treatments). The economic issues I have will not disappear unless I become extremely wealthy. Otherwise, my parents and other financial obligations will continue to drain my account until I probably have to go back to having 2 jobs. Racism, sexism, homophobia and more may not ever end, though they can be lessened. The possible physical health problems I have will never resolved unless a magical cure is discovered. Even then, a new illness could emerge. And for reasons I will not delve into here, a cure for cancer, for example, will not be released to public anytime soon even if it does exist. 

What do all these issues have in common? Should I die, they will no longer be problems for me. I will no longer have to deal with such endless struggles only to have my progress taken back by yet another obstacle that life has for me. Yes, people can thrive under pressure and difficult situations but let’s be honest...life does not get better for some people. It can get progressively worse until death. To persevere and hope that true peace of mind awaits is essentially gambling. There is a chance I can find what I desire but there is a chance I do not. There is a chance I end up worse than I ever thought possible. That’s a realistic perspective. I of course hope that is not the case but I cannot control fate. I hate my job, my brain and this world. Death is the ultimate freedom. And who doesn’t want to be free? Can you blame by being seduced by such a concept. 

Another solution is to “hack” the mind. To change my neural pathways to view the world in a more positive light. This will take a combination of exercise, meditation and leaving toxic environments such as my customer service job which is very anxiety inducing. That combined with adopting positive prevailing attitudes can make a huge difference. I feel as though I know what needs to be done but I cannot gather the strength to do it. My job cannot be quit because my living situation depends on it. That brings me to another point. Money may not provide happiness but you better be damn sure it can facilitate the circumstances for happiness. Without currency, I would not have even the most basic necessities one could argue I have a natural right to. I have been in danger of losing my home, bed and food. Money provides the very foundation for Abraham Maslow’s hierarchy of needs, a psychological scale that outlines the necessary factors for well-being and happiness. 

But anyway, the point of all this is that I’m lost. Why should I not just end my life when a solution is not only NOT guaranteed but incredibly difficult to achieve. What is the logical reason for me to continue struggling? Is there even a reason at all. 