Anyone up for a sad story?Hello people. Im your friendly neighborhood depressed person. Don't worry I'm not suicidal. I was before though. I am here because I have to do something on my phone, because I'm a millennial and have nothing productive to do in my life. 
I write here regularly, and get sympathy. I don't want sympathy though, I'm okay with being obscure. All of my life, as far as I can remember, I've not been normal. There was always something off with me. I have a loving family but I still got depressed. Idk, maybe I just wanted attention. In fact it still feels good to be sad and wallow in hopelessness. That's why self sabotage myself. Why do I still do it? Idk, maybe I still am a attention whore. I just want to tell others don't become like me. Why be sad when you can be happy? As long as you have a purpose, go all out for it. There's no excuses buddy. If you fail though, others will help you, like the lovely people here. It's sometimes okay to be sad, just don't be sad always. And don't seek a psychiatrist as soon as you start feeling sad. Go to a therapist first, and pour it all out. If that made you feel better, there's no need for a psychiatrist. 
I regularly see people who come here and talk about their life and how sad it is. I know life can be tough, but try to be an adult please. Hey I'm not being condescending here, but I didn't try that hard enough. My point is, you should become tougher with time, because life ain't sunshine and rainbows. And yes, I stole that line from Rocky because it's true. Don't think it's cool or sexy to feel depressed, because it ain't. That's what I want to tell kids today. Fuck I feel old. Anyways if you have made it this far, you now know I'm a hypocritical bitch. I know. But don't be like me.  Fight,but know surrendering ain't shameful. And you know what the secret to happiness is? It's knowing when to stop. If you keep asking yourself, "Am I happy now?" You'll never be happy like this. Lose yourself in the moment sometimes. If you can't do it, then learn it  stupid. Living ain't hard if you think it's easy. 


Thank you for coming to my TED talk on happiness and life. 

Please don't be overly ironic like me. It will kill you. Have a personality dude, and stand up to defend it when it's time. And don't watch lot of news and YouTube please. It will only divide you and the society.