I love my daughter, but I can’t keep pretending I’m not bad for herMy daughter is a perfect, beautiful healthy one year old. She loves me (30M) so damn much and the constant Dadadada screams warm my heart.

But I’m not meant for this. I should have stayed alone my whole life. I never should have joined the world.  At least my inevitable mental collapse would be a simple disappearance into obscurity rather than leaving something behind. I can’t hold a job, I suffer from such severe anxiety it sometimes causes me to hallucinate. My little girl will lose me someday and I fear that day is coming sooner than I’d hoped. I’m lying in bed trying to get her to go to sleep and holding back tears.

I’m a failure, I always will be and my fiancé (22), despite her love for me, would have been better off having never met me.

My mind races 24/7 to the point it physically exhausts me. It runs on so many tracks and so loudly that at it’s best it’s a dull roar, and at worst is an indecipherable screech. When I can comprehend my own thoughts they’re nothing but self loathing and second guessing. I have spent 30 years balling up my problems, shoving them down and hoping they would go away, but alas, no avail.

I yearn to be the person these two deserve, a functional and worthwhile provider that they can be proud of, and yet I find myself trapped in a place I hate, and without any job around that could hope to let us build the sort of savings we’d need to go somewhere better. We live with my parents in one of the most rural shithole towns in the most rural shithole state.

I’m 30 years old, have no degrees and yet massive unpaid student loans (left college when she got pregnant, unplanned).  I also have massive medical debts and a credit rating in the 200s. I’m physically, mentally, emotionally, and financially broken and short of someone handing me about 200k straight cash I can’t see a way out of this deep deep hole that my lifelong lack of insurance has caused. On top of that it makes the option of seeking help financially non viable.

I try so hard to be a good father, a good fiancé, and good person. So much so that I’m a doormat, and have let people treat me like trash my whole life. Mostly because I think I deserve it, but also because my anxiety issues make me do it so I never run people out of my life, which is something I’ve went through before. I try too hard and it causes friction which leads to me sabotaging whatever relationship to snuff it out before I get hurt. Again. So much so that I did it to the woman I still think of as the one who got away.

I hurt, I struggle and I wish I could simply snap my fingers and either everything would resolve, or I’d simply stop existing. There is no rescue. No hope. When I did work I wished every day for some negligence based workplace accident to end me so my family could sue, fixing all of our problems.

I am not cut out for this world and I wish for nothing more than my daughter to have every opportunity. I wish because I can’t provide. Such is life, a constant trail of disappointment and hardships.

Long read I know, I’m a pain in the ass.