Needed somewhere to express my thoughts since the only friend I have doesn't want to talk to me anymore.I just need to say some shit really because my best and pretty much only friend has just told me she doesn't want to talk to me anymore and I'm worried that if I talk to the nurses in hospital I'll end up getting sectioned.  
So I'm in hospital atm and have been cutting in my room but said I was doing it at my parents so they wouldn't take away the razor blades I have. Obviously they saw that I'd been cutting and now they are quite hesitant to let me leave the ward, I think I'm close to them stopping me all together. 

  
Basically I realised that life just isn't for me a few years ago and I don't think that's a big issue, like surely it can't be right for everyone and I kind of have this feeling of being uncomfortable constantly, everything just feels wrong and it's usually worse when I'm around other people, I think maybe because I become more aware of myself? I'm pretty nonchalant about killing myself, like I said I'm sure it's not for me and I've accepted that.

  
I've tried quite a lot of medication over the past year and a half but nothing has really helped and I ended up in hospital after trying to kill my self again, twice. Being in hospital is just the same as being at home really, except it isn't as comfortable but I spend my time in pretty much the same ways. I'm just passing time and I'm pretty sure I'm ready to try and end my life again.

  
I've been thinking about it a lot because I've messed up 3 times before and don't want to fail again so I've been planning things pretty meticulously. My meds were changed a few weeks ago and the last time I saw the psychiatrist he asked how I felt about having ECT, which I know can be very effective. The thing is though I don't think I want to try and continue with my life. I think at this point I'd much rather just die, something that is made a lot harder if I end up getting sectioned, if I wasn't in hospital rn I'd definitely had done it.  


Sorry if this is all rambly, I tried to post on the suicide project but couldn't register. Don't know if anyone will read it anyway.