Need some thoughts against my opinionHi fellow redditors,

I'm not in need of suicide right now, but I have some thoughts about it permanently, and it bothers me because I can't really find any arguments for the question:

Why suicide is bad?

I really don't want to hurt anyone arguing for it, probably this thread with your help will advise me and others against it.  I even tried to convince some people against suicide, but i realized that I'm very very *very* confused.

1) You'll hurt your relatives? Well, if they can't help you while you're alive to avoid it - they don't deserve the empathy for the feelings of your absence. Also I'm quite selfish (potentially that's a bad characteristic, but it is based on physiology, some people have more empathy, some don't).

2) You'll stop spread goodness or won't achieve something valuable for humankind if you commit suicide. Well, that's true, but I won't do that even if I'm alive. I don't have any huge goals for the greater good right now, so that's pretty even.

3) Chance of not killing myself and only deal irrevertible harm. That's huge, but with some preparations I don't think it will be a huge problem. Not a rocket science

4) Religion. Really? That's 21st century, come on

5) Obscurity of after-death experience. It's hard to put it as an argument against a suicide because it also can be an argument for it. I'm sure everyone wants to know what happens after.

6) Interruption of consciousness. That's interesting. If there will be your clone alive after your death will this argument works? But with every cycle of our cell life we die. The cells in me are different then the cells that I made of in my childhood. We are already clones, but the changes are gradual. Will it be different if the progression will be faster (and without a clone)?

7) Iirreversibility. That's the thing that forces you to weight all pros and cons, that's why I ask a help. But that's not a bad thing by itself.

Please help me to figure out some cons. I want to fight it with some consistent model in my head, not just by the instinctive pushes "that's horrible, don't even think about it"
