I don't know what to dohey. I'm a 16 year old girl. I have been suicidal since I was 13 but most of the problems I have where even there before that. I had experiences of anxiety and some other stuff when I was just a child, I mean like 7 years old or something.

I'm gonna write a lot now. I mean, really a lot. I just have to let it all out. I understand that there probably won't be many people that actually want to read all of it, but if just one person does, that would mean a lot to me, as I really need help.

anyways, last year in december I was hospitalized because I wanted to kill myself. this year in april I had to go to the mental hospital again, because my therapist said she was worried about me and she wouldn't let me go home like that.

well, my stays at the hospital helped, but only for a very short period of time. both times they ended because I just couldn't take it anymore, being there for weeks, I don't know, it was just too much. and almost immediately as I went home again, everything came back and I felt horrible again. 

when I was released I was diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety. but I kind of know that that's not everything. my therapist even told me that my problems are so complex that she can't give me an actual diagnosis yet. I mean, for the things that's not depression and anxiety, because these two I definitely have. well, I feel like my depression is pretty much gone at this point, I got antidepressants that are really helping and my whole mood just got better over the months. but concerning my anxiety, that's just getting worse again. a lot worse.

right now, I'm on vacation in Greece and I know I should be enjoying it, but I just feel terrible. I'm counting the days for when we fly back home again, because I just can't take it here anymore. that has a few different reasons, but I guess it's all my anxiety.

I have always been suspicious of people and never trusted anyone. but it's getting worse. I feel like everyone's out to get me and wants to kill or kidnap me or something. everyone. strangers, but also my family that I'm here with (my sister, my dad and my stepmom). I'm so afraid that someone's gonna hurt me. even when I know that that's a really weird thing to think, I don't have any experiences of being hurt by a stranger or something.
I'm also afraid of the flight back. I just feel like there's gonna be a plane crash or something. I don't trust the pilot, I mean he could do something like that on purpose, or the staff, or the other people on the plane. Or there could just be turbulences, or something could be wrong with the plane.

I also can't enjoy the vacation because I have so much trouble relaxing. I just can't do it. there are so many thoughts and concerns, always. and even when there is nothing that I actually think about, I still feel restless and  just can't relax. I hate it. and I feel like such a bad person for not enjoying this week. I know I should be thankful and should probably have the time of my life right now. but I can't. and I hate myself even more for it than I do anyway.

my fear of dying/death in general has also gotten a lot worse over the past few weeks. even with my meds that actually helped a lot with my anxiety at first. I don't know what changed, but my fears are getting a lot worse again. I'm so, so afraid of not existing. I know that probably sounds weird and I can't really explain it. but sometimes I just don't feel real anymore. or like nothing even exists. and that is such an awful feeling. and that also relates to my fear of dying because I'm so afraid that I won't exist anymore after I die. that there'll just be... nothing. 

well, apart from that, I have a lot of other problems. I constantly feel like everyone in my life is gonna leave me. I feel like my friends don't actually like me, well actually that nobody really likes me, and that I'm a bad person. I'm afraid that everyone's gonna leave me, especially when they get to know me better and I'm gonna be alone.

I have very, very intense mood swings. I kind of always had them. but they're also getting worse. my mood changes really fast, I could be extremely motivated and happy, almost a bit "too happy", and the next second I'll be devastated, crying and feeling like a huge failure, not being able to do anything anymore. and it's really exhausting. I don't know what causes these mood swings, I mean there often is a cause, but it's tiny little things, and I'll just completely overreact. my feelings are very intense. and I don't have a reason to have these huge mood swings. I just don't get it.

there is a lot more, but it would take like a whole book to talk about all of my problems haha, so that's just briefly what's going on right now. 

and lastly, the reason why I chose this subreddit to tell my story. I sometimes don't want to live anymore.  actually, almost all of the time. the suicidal thoughts are always there. and sometimes I actually wonder if I should do it. every day just feels like a fight against myself and it's really exhausting. I mean it's not like I really want to die. I just want all of that pain to end. actually, I don't want to die at all. but I just don't see another way out of this misery. the only reason I haven't done it yet, is that I don't want to hurt the people I love. but it's getting worse. and every day I actually consider taking my life. and that's kind of scaring me myself. 

I've been seeing a therapist since I was first hospitalized, and I like her a lot, she's great, but I can't really tell her all of my problems anymore. I'm keeping a lot from her, because I'm so afraid that I would have to go to the hospital again if I tell her everything. and that's a problem. there's so much pain, anger and devastation inside of me. I really need someone to talk to. but I can't even talk to my therapist, because I already know she would send my to the hospital. that just feels shitty. I hate it. and I hate that I won't get a real diagnosis for all that's going on with me.

I just want someone to talk to. and to hug and someone to tell me it's gonna be okay. I feel so lonely right now, but I don't know who to talk to.