I fear that I'm broken, and quite probably beyond repair. (Huge wall of text warning - x-post from /r/depression)I posted this to /r/depression first, I don't know which place I belong more, and sorry if xposting is bad. 

I know before beginning this that it's going to be massive, I can't think of any other way than to start from the beginning, and give as condensed a version as possible of what ails me, and hope against hope that someone will say something that helps me. I want to say up front I have been under the care of 13 different psychiatrists, and tried a myriad of pharmaceuticals with no improvement in my condition over the years. I'm 28 now, and saw my first psychiatrist for depression/suicidal thoughts when I was 11. Medicine does not work for me, I've been prescribed over 30 different anti-depression medicines, and even after going through the courses exactly as described, varying dosage, etc - the results were terrible. I respond to every drug I've ever taken in one of three ways: 1) Absolutely no effect at any dosage, 2) some anti-depressants I've been prescribed made me extremely short tempered, hostile, and borderline violent - they were scary, and 3) completely numb, which while it might sound like a reprise from misery, feeling no emotions at all is a prison that scares me worse than death. I only preface my story with this to say that I have seeked help, and it seems that pharmaceuticals are not the answer for me. However I have been diagnosed repeatedly as depressed, and with disassociative personality disorder.

So, from the beginning. I have to admit that my childhood was not bad, I grew up upper middle class, the youngest of three. My older siblings are productive and fine - however we don't speak (more on that later.) My parents divorced when I was 6, however I never really had issues dealing with it. They lived 6 blocks away, were friendly and helped each other for years, and we were allowed to move freely between them with no problems.

I was relatively popular in elementary school, had no trouble making friends, and was in all available magnet/advanced programs. Supposedly I'm fairly intelligent, or at least have the aptitude for it. My first IQ test was when I was in 2nd grade, and I have had 7 since - I've never scored below the 160s. The only thing I struggled with in school was behavioral issues. I finished my class work quickly and would talk and get in trouble for interrupting other students who were not done yet. This started a damning trend with my teachers however. As the years went by, I found myself in trouble more and more often (and the out of school/in school suspensions started racking up). I wasn't attacking or abusing anyone, and I wasn't a bully. I was constantly in trouble for not following directions (like talking when I wasn't supposed to be, as mentioned before), and as I got in more and more trouble at school I became the scapegoat for any problem near me. At first I welcomed this role, even taking the heat for other people because I was used to being in trouble for things I didn't do.

This however followed me to Jr. High school, where after our first report card in 7th grade (all As) I had no less than 3 teachers tell me I was the sorriest excuse for a student they'd ever had. Why? I didn't do homework or keep a notebook, and I talked in their classes. This infuriated me, and when a week later I was suspended for 10 days for damaging school property (a window was broken on the 3rd floor of our school, and I was with 2 teachers at the time, who vouched for me, yet the principal still suspended me and claimed I did it.) I simply stopped doing school work. I would go to school every day, and any assignment in any class that I received, I'd simply write my name, the date, and 0/F at the top of the paper, and then go about doing whatever I felt like doing. This, as far as I know, was the beginning of my lifelong downward spiral of apathy.

I failed 7th grade, and received a letter from the school that I had failed to meet the requirements of the magnet program, and would be enrolled at my zoned traditional program school the following year. The same day my parents received a call from the school, which boiled down to my SAT score being so high that the board had decided something was going on, and were willing to give me a second chance. 8th grade miserable, the teachers hated me - they had failed me and couldn't understand why I was back. I didn't do a single piece of classwork my entire 8th grade year. I hated being at school, I hated being in class, I was miserable - this is when I first started thinking about suicide.

My parents were divorced by this time, obviously. So I was a latch-key child no matter who I was staying with, and growing up in the south we had guns in the house. 8th grade was so miserable for me that most days I would come home, before my parents, and spend a few hours sitting alone in my room with a pistol, unloaded, pulling the trigger against my head over and over - trying to convince myself it wasn't scary. At the end of the school year, finally, I thought it would be over.

The board of education and my parents decided I had a learning disability, so I was required to take placement tests to find out how far back they needed to move me in my classes, and what kind of school to send me to. When I then took my 2nd IQ test, still in the 160s, and my placement tests placed me at the college level, there was much confusion. This is also when I began seeing psychiatrists, it was obvious to everyone something was wrong. When I was 14, I completed my placement tests, I required one class (trigonometry) in a classroom setting, and graduated that year.

During that time, my mom started drinking heavily (to the point that my step-dad left her over it at some point), she was always coming home with new dings on her car, because she'd get trashed at the bar and drive home. I was accepted to several universities on full ride scholarships based on my SAT/ACT scores that year. However my parents refused to let me leave town to go to school, because I was so young. I lived at home, and started at a local university. I thought the worst was behind me.

I lasted less than 2 years in college, and I've never gone back. I was an outcast in every direction. I lost all the friends I had from K-8th grade, because we never saw each other, and I didn't fit in at college because I was too young. When I started getting too depressed to focus, I started failing my classes. My mom also started to give me encouraging little tidbits when she'd drop me off at the campus every morning. She was furious that I was failing yet again, and so constantly would tell me things like - you might as well not even try, you're going to fail. So I listened, I quit trying, I quit going, and I dropped out.

I spun downward quickly, and in a last ditch effort moved several states away to live with one of only 5 friends I had left at this point in time. Things were looking up for a while, I got a good job, my own apartment, and a girl I'd been head over heels in love with for 6-7 years (she was my best friends girlfriend, so I of course never made it known before hand, but after they broke up - it turned out she had always liked me too, supposedly.) She wasn't my first girlfriend/sexual partner, but she was the one I always wanted. I was 22-23 and things were going great.

Less than a month after we started dating, on christmas eve (I'd gone home to see my parents/siblings for christmas, I did for every holiday), my dad collapsed and I took him to the ER. The following day, christmas day, he was diagnosed with terminal cancer and estimated at a year to live. He died 23 days later. I've always hated that he had to go so early in my life. He said something pretty hurtful to me after I dropped out of college, that he 'rememberd when he was proud of me'. It was something he regretted saying, he apologized for it many many times, but to this day it's all I can think of when I think of my dad. Because he's right, my dad died before I could ever do anything for him to be proud of, unlike his other children - I was the failure. This of course put a heavy weight on me, but I had made a lot of friends in my new city, and my SO was very supportive and loving. I was going to make it.

Three months later came the biggest shock of my life. I was woken at 6:30 am to the police at the door with a search warrant. I was about to find out I was being arrested/charged with distributing child porn (something I've never done in my life), a felony carrying 10-25 years at the state level where I lived. My SO was not in town, and I had no family in the area, and all my friends were in college, no one had a home phone, and you couldn't call cell phones from the jail. It took a week before I finally caught my boss at home, who found my sister on facebook, to contact my mom, who came to bail me out. My bond was 100,000$ (so 10,000$ cash to get me out), which the only reason anyone had was because I had the life insurance from when my dad died.

What followed was the most demoralizing endeavor I've ever been a party to. I did not meet the requirements for a public defender (you have to make less than 400$ a month...), 80% of attorneys wouldn't touch the case, and the big name ones who would (the only ones who would) wanted between 50,000 and 250,000$ to take the case. It took every penny I had to my name, my mom had to her name, and my stepdad had to his name, to get a lawyer on the case (I still owe him 16,000$ today.)

The prosecutor offered me plea deals for the next year, 20 years, 18 years, 15 years. I had a preliminary hearing where the detective flat out lied about our interview, and claimed I said things that I never did - I told my attorney, who brought it up. The judge refused the line of questioning, because it was a 'preliminary hearing, and those are facts for trial', and refused to allow the tape of the interview to be played for him. The judge and prosecutor, after the hearing, launched a verbal tirade against me, my mother, and my lawyer for not forgoing my right to a pretrial hearing, they had already decided my guilt.

When that didn't work, the court 'sent paperwork to the wrong address' of a court date for me. There was nothing on the docket for me for that day other than to show up, and it was sent to an address I never lived at, and my attorney wasn't sent a copy. Of course I didn't show up to court, and the US Marshals arrested me at my job for failure to appear. Now everyone who didn't know already knew, and I was in jail on a no-bond charge. It took 3 weeks for my lawyer to convince a judge to let me back out. This is when the great shedding of "friends" occured.

Now that everyone knew the charge against me, the worst of my 'friends' left immediately, a slow trickle followed them - shamed in being seen with me by others who knew about it, which turned into a river. My SO couldn't handle the flak she was getting from people, and although she'd stuck by me for 2 years of it - she left for the comfort of one of her friends who'd been helping her deal with it. After another year, I was done. I couldn't fight anymore, I left my job, defaulted on everything, was evicted, and the court allowed me to move back home (out of state), where 7 months later - they sent a letter informing me that during the process of setting up my actual trial dates, the police were unable to find any corroborating evidence, and the case was being dismissed as nolle pros ('we do not wish to pursue'). So many years, every penny I had to my name, all of my friends and family (my brother and sister stopped speaking to me after my arrest, which hurt me and made me so angry I've never tried to speak to them since, I cannot believe they thought I could've even possibly been guilty), and my SO - who I loved dearly.

As I sat reading the letter from them, I just started bawling. I had dreamed of this day for years, and the feeling of elation that would come with it, but it didn't come. Nothing did, and nothing has since. I got my job back at my previous employer, they are the only person who will hire me. Every other interview I get extended a job and then fail the background check (my arrest still shows up, the court refuses to remove it until 10 years has passed, and a direct quote from the solicitor here, 'because people deserve to know what you were suspected of, so you don't get away with it again.') As you can imagine, when you see a charge about sexual abuse of a minor, every conversation is over, jobs, dating, anything. That's it, end of story. Even though I didn't go to prison as an innocent man, my life was ruined.

I now work from home, I make decent money, low 60s. I'm still in a mountain of debt from a court case that never went to trial, and I was innocent of from the beginnig. I've gained 130lbs, I don't go outside, I have no friends and no drive to make friends. I can't quit smoking, drinking, eating shit food, nothing. I tried hard drugs, I tried pharmaceuticals, I tried therapy. I'm at my wits end.

I don't leave my house because I'm ashasmed of how I look, I say every day that I'm going to start exercising, but I never do - it's always tomorrow. Today I'm going to quit smoking, but I've said that every day for the last 2 years, I never do. I'm so broken that I have no willpower, no motivation, no nothing. I'm terrified to make friends because I don't want to explain my past, and because I'm convinced they will be taken away again. I've lost all my friends twice now, and have truly been betrayed and abandoned by every person that I've ever loved. I can't get past it having to be me. There has to be something wrong with me that I can't function correctly. The few friends I managed to keep through the ordeal I've lost since, no one wants to talk to someone who's always depressed, and I've lost the ability to pretend to be happy anymore.

I don't even know what I expect by posting this. I've taken the medicine, done the therapy, read books and motivational bullshit, and nothing is helping me. I am a prisoner in my own mind, and I'm so tired of it. I used to be a loving person with a huge heart, I've been robbed twice stopping to help a stranger change a tire on the interstate. I've given literally my shirt off my back, and I always try to give food to those less fortunate than me, even when I couldn't pay for my own food, but as time goes on and I die a little more inside every day, I'm just an asshole now. I hate myself so much that I hate everyone else too.

I'm sorry for writing such a long post, and am truly appreciate of anyone who read this far, whether you choose to comment at all or not. I don't know what to expect, but I'm running out of options. Please help me.