Depression since ~9yo, now a scared 22yo engineering student, with suicidal ideation, on of the verge of getting kicked out.Hey guys. This is my first time actively reaching out to someone else. I'm not entirely sure where to start... I guess I'll start by saying I'm not coming here because I want pity or anything like that. I'm just afraid of where my mind keeps going. This is going to be long but writing it honestly takes my mind off of things and I want give a full scope of where I'm coming from. 

**Feel free to skip to the most recent section since I wrote more than I thought.**

 I am undiagnosed, however since a very young age I remember feeling depressed. Around 9 my social anxiety started when I had a bad run in with a group of bullies at an all girls sleep away camp. I still remember what was done and said vividly to this day over the course of that week. I used to frequently get these thoughts that everyone around me was pretending to like me, that I was ugly, that I was unloved and I didn't have any friends. I'm not sure if this is where it all started, but even at that age I felt that I hated myself. I would write I hated myself hundreds of times all over my books in a coded language. I continued doing this for years. I also started self harming around that time too. Although I dint do that often. I should mention that I have breaks in memory from my childhood and as early as six knowledgeable about sex and vaguely remember doing weird shit with other kids. To my knowledge, everyone in my family has been molested except for me and my younger cousins. I've always been nervous about this break in my memory. 

In November I came in contact with my mother for the first time in 10+ years. My uncle called me and put her on the line, with barely any warning. I tried to foster some type of relationship with her or at least understand her over the phone. When she called for the first time, I learned a lot. Maybe too much. To start, she said she had been smoking PCP the week before. She had been hallucinating, walking around high and naked. She shared she had almost keen raped and beaten. She shared how her brain doesn't feel the same. I could tell that she didn't sound too intelligent but I guess that's what drugs will do. She had been homeless for the past 4+ years, walking around with no shoes or proper clothing or food. She shared too much... I didn't want to hear how she survived the streets, but I couldn't hang up. 

She mentioned that she had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder at some point, which scares me. Over the course of a few months I thought I could do something. I tried to get her to come out here so she could get on her feet. But she decided to stay with some man who she just met. He ended up kicking her out one night when it was snowing. I lost contact with her and another woman answered her phone. I was sure she died since this woman was three states away. Eventually I got my family involved and they found her. I continued talking to her, trying to find out more about myself. I eventually found out that my grandmother, that I knew and loved, ended up selling her children's bodies for drugs. This 40 something pedophile had grown fond of my mother. He shifted his attention from my grandmother and onto her. That continued for several years and a 14 my mother got pregnant with me. 

Eventually it came to a point where it was entirely too toxic to keep in contact with her. Before I ceased contact she shared that she was suicidal.... During those lapses in time where I didn't hear from her, I thought she was dead. Even to this day 3 months after I stopped talking to her I'm still afraid she's dead. I'm afraid I could have done something...

I've kept a journal for most of my life, so you can imagine the shit I've written throughout this all. To put it into perspective. I constantly go through periods where I'm telling myself I'm a piece of shit, I deserve to die, no one loves me, I'm nothing, etc. I have been doing this for years now...

Fast forward to now, I have a final on Wednesday. I retook two classes this summer. I got a B in one of them and I have a final on Wednesday. Did horrible last semester and I explained the situation with my mother to my school. They said if I get a D in any course I am going to be kicked out... 


**SKIP HERE FOR MOST RECENT* *

I just finished having a panic attack cut short because a neighbor knocked on my door. I didn't open it but honestly they probably stopped me from doing something stupid. I have been driving home from work thinking that if I just drive off the road it could end. I've been crying and resisting the urge to cut for a week now. I have been having a lot of suicidal thoughts lately.

I've come to a point where I won't cut because it's an actual release that I don't feel I deserve. I don't even take my thoughts to commit suicide seriously because I'm a coward and I don't want to give myself any type of satisfaction. I hold it all in til it blows up. 

I have been wanting to get help for years now but I honestly feel like denying myself help is yet another way I torture myself. I used to think of myself as a mental masochist. My mind constantly betrays me and its like I enjoy treating myself like shit.

My friends, family, and boyfriend don't know what's going on. I'm afraid of what I'll do if I fail my exam on Wednesday. I want to study but I have just been sitting on my ass like a piece of shit..
