Came here for help but it seems like this sub is doing the opposite for me.. now what?I’m 26, last year I was a passenger in a rollover which had to have major surgery on my shoulder. I got a attorney for it but my attorney ended up leaving the company and the workplace wouldn’t tell me what was happening so I ended up losing my job which I had long term insurance with, had no help from my state so I had to move in with my parents. Going into this year I thought I would completely change my life but all the medical issues shoulder, back, thigh, PT, stomach, sleep and mental health lots of doctors throughout the year kept bringing me down mentally. I’ve done nothing all year because I always had a appointment to go to and become more and more scared of simple things like just driving my car again. Which my family always tries to force me to do and my brother will also mess with me in the car like pretending to slip on ice which causes me to scream in fear. My family always makes fun of me for being worthless but they play it off like it’s all fun and game’s and that they’re good God loving people. I was recently in the mental hospital for about 10 days. They said I had a bipolar psychosis possibly due to marijuana. During that time before hospitalization someone linked me from Reddit to BPD and BHS which I may have those as well. I’m back to “normal” now and heavily medicated. Honestly I’ll sleep like 10-16 hours a day when normally I got 5 hours of sleep because insomnia and sleep apnea. Most of my family is in with their children. Which I do like and understand if I died it would make everyone sad. However at the same time I feel like everyone just looks down on me and thinks they’re better even the older kids act differently now. This is all because nothing is secret in my super religious family. We all know each other’s dark secrets or most of them at least. I hate that nothing is secret I just want to be happy and not reminded of my past. Yet they still act better, make fun of me or whisper things in front of me that I can still hear. I’d love to just be normal again, drive and get a job but I’m also scared of going back to old habits if I move back to where all my friends are. I don’t want to drink or smoke marijuana if I don’t have to. I’m going to be seeing a therapist Friday but annoyed because the date and my prescriptions were put on the fridge for everyone to know what’s wrong with me. How do you cope with your family if all the want to do is point out your flaws or try to enforce “parenting”? I just want to be a normal 26 year old male but feel like I’m a child stuck with a two faced family.