I'm emotionally abusive and controlling and I want to die
I love  to manipulate people.Manipulating people makes me feel so in control, it's such a high for me. I love that I can say a few words or do something and just completely destroy someone. It feels so good to have that kind of power over someone. And after everything is said and done, I pretend like they were in the fault and play myself up as the good guy to the point that I end up believing whole heartily that I was really the victim in that situation. I'm so sick

 i'm very jealous and petty and very very clingy. i hate seeing my friends hang out with someone else or have any other friends outside of me. I like to control my friends lives so that revolve completely around me 
I isolate them from everyone else and convince them that I'm the only one who cares enough about them.
When they start to catch on to my abuse I play them as the bad guy accusing them of not trusting me and that if they really were my friend they'd do everything I ask.
 I'm such a pathetic person. 

I've lost all my friends now because they realized how awful I really am and cut me from their lives.

School makes me feel so angry that I feel ill. I hate everyone at school because I'm so damn jealous of them. they all have friends, they're all happy and successful. I just want to stop being a lazy piece of shit and do something but I never will. Its to hard to change and I don't have to will power to do so.

I've been bullied,mocked,put down and underestimated my entire life. I was such an easy target for people to make fun of. I am so socially inept and weird that its so easy too make fun of me.
People do things to me that I don't like. Not having control over that makes me want to die. Maybe that's why I'm like this 

Outside of my horrendous social life,I'm lazy with school work. I always procrastinate or just never fucking do it. I'm perfectly content with just barley passing a class. Hell, i don't even care even if I fail and neither do my parents. My depression is so draining that I barley shower or wash my clothes. My teeth are full of cavities because I brush them like once a week or so. My room is filthy and full of trash. I've honestly just given up on myself.  
Not having control over something so simple as my own hygiene make me want to die.

I have no control. I have no control in my life.
 If I cant control people I lose my mind. I need to be in control 24/7 to feel good and feel happy.

I'm such an awful person I don't know if I'll ever change. It's too much work to.
It's just easier to die.

