In 2 weeks it's my birthday and the thought of that day is making me want to die.In two weeks it is my birthday, I will be 27. Life isn't what I planned, it's not bad, but it is depressingly lonely. Knowing I'll be that "old" it causing a lot of emotions...I feel like i've wasted my youth and I've lost the chance to have meaningful friendships in my life.   


I should feel positive. I have a fantastic job, I'm the youngest teacher at a local college, I teach a subject that interests me and I get paid to talk about it. That should be enough, but no. I still feel like I have zero idea what I want from life, I kind of just fell into this job...I don't think I deserve it. Majority of my coworkers are the same age as my mom, so it's awkward to be social with them.  


Maybe this is heightened because a friend of the family just OD'd two days ago and the thought of death is rapidly in my brain?  


I used to go to dance and gymanstics everyday, I miss it. i miss my healthy body from it. Everyone else just seemed to make friends so easily while I was always on the sideline. I miss dance. I wish I had made friends as easily as everyone else did. 

I call my grandpa &amp; grandma at least once a day, gives me someone to talk to. I don't bother with my mom, she loves me but she rarely has the time for me. I try calling her but she doesn't usually answer, she has her own life so that's fair enough. I'm not close with my sister, it's hard to be when I'm 27 and she just turned 13...I can only really talk to her on a superficial level. I have a boyfriend and he is amazing but I still feel incredibly lonely. I think they feel sad for me, they know that I'm lonely and I think they realize that I actually don't have friends. I had a friend, but we were both honestly toxic for each other so we don't talk anymore...probably for the best but I still miss our friendship.   


I asked myself to think of reasons not to kill myself. I'm not skinny enough to die. I have my pet skinny pig and even though he rarely shows any love he'd starve without me. My family would be a wreck, it wouldn't be fair to them. I don't live alone and with social distancing it would be a lot of effort. I'm scared of what is on the other side. Because you can't listen to Hamilton or watch Bojack if you are dead. You can't start dancing again if you are dead. You can't write if you are dead. You can not video chat your loving niece if you are dead. You have no legacy if you die now. You've never seen Star Wars Land at Disneyland yet. Your mom would never forgive you. you won't get to cook again. You won't get to perform again.   


Breathe. Take a breathe. I can't cry because I'm actually on video as I write all this down, my class is doing some assignments and little do they realize I am writing about why i shouldn't kill myself but want to.   
I keep saying things will be okay, I keep trying to make things okay, I keep trying to add new lights into my life...but when will everything just be okay? stop. stop focusing on the negative. breathe. in. out. in. out.   


now I need to go back to teaching my class, pretend none of these feelings are here. but the important thing is, I am safe, as much as i want to harm myself i know that writing this helped. I feel less anxious, I feel like I can focus on those reasons to not kill myself. It's a start.