i want to prevent suicidal thoughtsi am 17 and i live in turkey. my dad has anger issues and is always trying to srart a fight with me and my mom. my brother lives in another city because of his job and most of the time im alone with my mother (my dad works all day and only has the weekends to himself). they have worked really hard for me to have a good life but they always skipped the emotional support part. my mother only started listening to me after i got diagnosed with depression and anxiety and had suicidal thoughts. my mom also dealt with them and thats why she started talking about our feelings more. i was glad i could finally open up to my family about these but i dont think thats the case. my family's patience lasts only so long, and whenever my thoughts effect them they just stop caring. i used to not care about these kind of things before highschool, but i got diagnosed and prescribed antidepressants 1.5 years ago and everything changed for me. mental health and issues are still kind of taboo subjects in turkey, so one of my best friends refused to help me at that time, and i honestly felt terrible. my other close friends were too busy (i dont blame them) and couldn't talk a lot so i was alone. my family was there but i couldn't feel really good after being ignored by almost all of my friends and the school counselor (i waited for 2 hours to talk with her, she told me to come the next day, and when i went there she told me to go home, have a bath and sleep???). after 2 months of trying to heal and little to no sleep i quit trying and started taking medicine, because i could never relax, i was always on edge and never comfortable, even in my own room. the medicine helped me a lot and i quit it (the doctor told me to) 2 months ago or so. during that time, my friend who had ignored me decided to end our friendship because it was "toxic" (she says that because whenever i tried to talk to her about my issues she would tell me it was bad for her mental health and completely ignore me, and the way she ignores someone is so rude, she doesnt even look at you and gives short answers and you feel like absolute shit). we had been friends for 2 years and she said fuck it with absolutely no hesitation and thats what  made me extremely sad. i could never take someone out from my life that fast and with no feelings. we were on good terms, too. i was dumbfounded, i still am, and i have been seeing her in my dreams every week for the last two months. i am sad someone could forget about me so easily, i am sad that nobody cares enough to talk to me, i feel like everybody ignores me, including the people i love the most, my family. my dad used to be very protective over me and always cared about me when i was younger but the more i grow up the more he ignores me. i keep telling my mom im not okay but i cant really express my feelings well so i think she doesnt think im serious. i grew up in a household full of shouting and fights, and even though my parents love me to death i cant help but feel bitter about our relationships. i have been cutting my arms for almonst 2 years now and its become a way for me to deal with sadness. i am not that anxious anymore but the constant sadness and emptiness is still there and whenever i start crying it just gets worse. i cut myself to make some sort of short-cut for myself, because most of the time i stop crying after cutting myself. i dont like cutting myself but its the first thing that comes to my mind when im sad. i cant talk to anyone and i feel alone. my mother just tells me shes tired and i can never express myself. i sleep most of the time and when im awake i am attending online classes in my room so i dont really see my family members as much i should. all of my peers are studying their asses off right now and im just being miserable. and it hurts more because i know i have potential. i am stuck in a loop of trying to get better, failing, being sad and shutting down and trying again. my life lost all its routines and im just all over the place. i have had suicidal thoughts for a long time now and i can only prevent them if i cut myself or i go out the balcony at night to freeze myself. the worst thing is that in my religion killing yourself is one of the worst sins and its said that you cant go anywhere (heaven or hell) in the afterlife. most of the teenagers here dont commit suicide because of that ( i heard people say that a lot) but we are also forced to keep everything in us. nobody opens up about their mental health in my country and we are crushing ourselves from carrying all that weight. many young people just like me killed themselves just because they couldnt find a place for them in our country. honestly everything is so bad here and i feel extremely guilty that i feel suicidal when i have a somewhat normal life, but i cant change my feelings. honestly i dont even know if im trying to get better. i just cut myself again a few minutes ago and i am feeling so tired of this bullshit and just wanted to post this here. i really wish i could kill myself and not be punished for it, i hope i gather the confidence one day to either do it or completely forget about it. thank you for reading.