please read, say somethingi am so fucking mad. i hate everything about my life and i dont know how to fix ANY OF IT. i could kill someone and i most definitely could kill myself and wonder if that is why i'm so mad because i'm not dead or dying and i didn't [do the thing i need to] kill myself because i got hope again that maybe things could be better. but how are they going to be better? just how? if i move? i cant even move. where am i going to move? portland? just a larger [city like where i live]? i need out of this shit. i need to fucking go somewhere, bad. i want to be somewhere else and what i really mean by that is that i would really rather be dead, but i have nowhere to go i have no idea what to do and i just hate myself and my life and myself and my life and myself and my mother fucking life. and i hate my mom, yes i hate that fucking bitch and yes i want to run i want to get the fuck out of here. i want to teach english? in another country? do i want to do that? do i? and then apply to grad school? do i want to do that? do i want to do that? why do i keep living like this, what am i going to do, where am i going to go? ive already hit myself today and i threw my phone and i almost broke my computer and i just havent been THIS MAD in such a long while but i want to destroy everything and myself and it doesnt matter. it just doesnt matter. no one can fix any of this and i most certainly cant because I DONT WANT ANYTHING AT ALL. i just dont want to be fucking miserable anymore. will that ever go away? fuck this life. life is fucking stupid, honestly it is. it's the most RIDICULOUS GAME. i dont want to play. i dont! i hate it here. i sound like a child, I DONT CARE. this shit is fucking stupid as fucking fuck and i want out. it isnt fair for me to live like this and I HAVE ALREADY BLAMED MYSELF FOR EVERYTHING and it didnt help AT ALL. i did not suddenly successfully take responsibility for my happiness and frolick through the world like it's a wonderful miracle. i just ended up hating myself more because i blamed myself for EVERYTHING. i did not choose to be here like this. i did not choose my mom or my brothers or my dad or [ex boyfriend] even or for james to mean what he did. i did not choose any of this. i didnt even choose [my cat] and he is amazing. i have no control. i am out of fucking control and my life is out of fucking control and i just want to be and feel better. i want to sit on a couch and read a fucking book. i dont want to try anymore. i just want to live my fucking life. i am so tired of being here like this. i am so tired of living here in this city with these awful people with my dead end job and my awful self. can at least one thing change. new city dead end job and self. same city same job different self. same city better job same self. something has to change. and i cant get better with this same fucking job, thats for sure. i fucking hate [where i work] now. i dont want to be there at all. i want to be so fucking far away from that place that i forget it even exists. and to think i loved that place. to think i loved those people. for WHAT?! for fucking what. i am fucking miserable. it is me, i know that but i cant fix it and everyone wants me to fix it but i cant fix it when im alone and im surrounded by all these people but im alone because they dont REALLY care, and i hate that. i cant even fake a smile anymore. i dont even have a good reliable therapist or enough money to have one. because i gave myself to this fucking job and no one gives a fuck that im there and i want to disappear and i want to [kill myself] and everyone see that im DEAD. because i fucking hated them because they hated me and i hated myself. and i couldnt fix ANY OF IT even though i was completely aware of all of it it just contributed to my misery. misery. my fucking misery. blame me, hate me, whatever. it could not be any worse than what all of you have been to me anyway. i shouldn't have stayed. i always come back to this, that i should be dead. so why am i still here? oh, the hope. the hope for what. a better life. a better life that just can never ever happen. fuck me. i am a fucking piece of shit and for that i am sorry, but fuck you too. because not one of you could really step up and just BE my friend. no one could help. and if it was really such a helpless situation, then save yourself from being mad because it is as fucking pointless as my life. there's no way you can be mad except for the fact that i existed in the first place because i really shouldn't have. my mom really should've had an abortion and my dad's vasectomy really should've worked. i was not a miracle i was a fucking mistake and the whole world has shown me that time and time again. there was no reason for me to be. i was just here, against everyone's will. and i'm sorry. i didn't fucking want this either. i wanted to be a normal person and hang out with you guys and have fun. but i couldn't because i hated myself so then all of you hated me and i couldn't fix it and no one could or wanted to help because i was so broken. i just needed love and no one could love me in the way that i needed. i do blame my mom. she was a fucking bitch to me and i don't care that she has to live the rest of her life knowing that. she should know that, she was a FUCKING BITCH. i tried to love her and i tried to not love her and all of it ruined me. it ruined me and james, my one true friend. he shouldnt have meant that much but he did and i couldn't fucking help it. i read every book and tried all the mystic religions so i could set myself free from it and let him go. but i never could let it go. it destroyed me. to the absolute core of my being, loving james and him helping me destroyed me. no one therapist could ever address it or help, i asked every one. they didnt know, i dont even think they could understand how deep it went because everyone just thought it was an obssession but it wasnt. i needed him, i needed him to get better and i was getting better. i needed him to not leave and he left and it's my fault because i told him to go but i didnt fucking mean it and i needed him to stay and that's all ive been able to say since but now he wont say anything and i hate myself for not being able to let it go and i am so disappointed in him for understanding or feigning understanding and then just leaving me like this. because i really needed help and wanted help but i just couldnt fucking get it. and if its something wrong with me--of course it's something wrong with me! that's why i need help! how the fuck can i fix this myself? what about me is wrong, what am i supposed to fix? just what is it????? what is it about me that is so bad that i can't fix and no one can help. why can't the professionals help. and what does this mean for me? because i feel like i'm dying, and no one is going to help. it is too much. it is too much wrapped up in what people think is my will but it's not. if i had cancer, people would not blame me for that. they wouldn't say things like "i can't help you", and you know, maybe they would sit there on the couch with me and watch tv. all i really want is company, but my sickness repels company. no one can understand. i am broken in the worst fucking way. i am unlovable and apparently i can't even love. i do all the wrong things. and im supposed to keep living this way? knowing that my existence HURTS THE ONES I LOVE, and that i can't get help? that no one is going to help. 
someone please help me. but you can't. 