How can I fake a suicide attempt?I'm asking this here because it seems to be the only sub where I can ask suicide-related questions without getting banned. I know this might look of bad taste for suicidal people, but please read me out. For a long, long time I've been contemplating suicide, but I just don't have the guts to do it. I lack the necessary impulsiveness.

My whole life I've been an outcast. I searched for meaningful connections in high school, in church, in college, in a lot of extracurricular activities, but I never found them. But that changed a few months ago. I found a group of friends who seemed to genuinely care for me and loved me, and for a few months, it seemed like life could be something more than loneliness and despair. But then, Covid arrived and my mental health just couldn't handle the quarantine (I'm not from the US. My country has very strict quarantine measures), and I alienated them from my life by being a fucking piece of shit (I know it sounds like an excuse, but so many years of being a loner really fucked me up and it's really, really hard for me to behave empathically, and the isolation didn't help at all). 

For a few days during July, I ended up without a cellphone, and they all freaked out when I didn't answered because they were certain I had killed myself, so I know I can get them back if they believe that this time I actually tried to. I know this is manipulative and unscrupulous, but I really can't think of other ways to get them back (Yeah, I tried talking with them and apologizing. It didn't work). This time around I wouldn't be a shitty friend. I would respect them and give my everything to make them feel valued and loved.

So, I'm asking if there are ways to make it look like I tried to kill myself but failed. Maybe I can cut my forearm in a way I don't cut any arteries and make it look like I missed cause I didn't know what I was doing, or take some pills that would only knock me out for a day and make it look like I failed to kill myself cause I don't know anything about chemestry (I genuinely don't). 

You can berate me all you want, I know I deserve it, but please help me. You don't have any idea how lonely my life has been and how much of a loser i feel like cause I finally got what I've craved my whole life, but I fucked it up by being me.