Read this if you are feeling Suicidal. I hope I can help.Everyone who is looking at this is either contemplating suicide, or has contemplated it before. I am one of you people, and I want to tell me story to help others.

I was put into school a year early due to my "Smarts". I could pick up things rather easily if said things were artistic. Having this intellect is a curse. It makes one see the world for what it is, and you don't have the option of "ignorance is bliss". 

Because I was younger and also a "Late bloomer" I was shorter then everyone in my class. A boy named Jake became my friend in kindergarten. After a few weeks, Jake began bullying me relentlessly. He hit me with berserk comments and horrible names that stung my sensitive heart. After a few years of this, I had made alot of friends. One of them, Al, was truly a very close friend.

He and I would ignore Jake's comments together and were very tight. One day, however, Al jumped onto Jake's side, and he joined in the brutal assault aswell.

While this betrayal made me quite sad, it had not yet made me suicidal.

At this point, it was 8th grade. I was the least popular kid in school, and I was just trying to get by. I tried making friends with a skater gang, but that didn't really help as they kept pushing me away.

The bullying got worse and worse, and no matter what I did they kept bombarding me. One day I had enough.

I had a plan, to go home and hang myself with my bed sheets. That, or I would jump out a 2nd story window head first onto concrete, whichever came first.

I was going to do it, but then I mentioned it to one of my skater friends. He instantly brought me into the boy's bathroom along with the other skater friends I had made and gave me an intervention for me to cry and confess in. They gave me hugs and comfort.

I told them not to tell the Counselor at school, I didn't want to go. Sure enough, one period later, I was called down. They cared about me enough to know when to disregard what I had said.

I got therapy, counseling and all kinds of help.

Since that faithful day, I had slowly come out of my melancholy state, and each day got better. I made all kinds of new friends and became more popular. I did this through optimism.

HOW DOES THIS HELP YOU? Because I'm going to tell you what I realized.

Life is crap. It is enduring through pain. Some do it better than others and some just get lucky. But we all are lucky.

We all have life, something some creatures could never have, or can never have again. The baby that dies in the womb must envy us so, being trapped without even the beginning of their existence. Thousands die each day prematurely. Next time you watch the news about some 14 year old getting killed in a bus crash, realize you still have your life. YOU own something that others less fortunate don't. To throw away such a thing by killing yourself would be wasteful, and staying in depression and pessimism is just as wasteful.

Remember how I said that i couldn't have "Bliss through ignorance"? I have achieved bliss through enlightenment. And not through religion, though faith does help.

Just realize that life is a glorious gift. According to science, the only reason that we have life is because at the beginning of the universe, two unlikely molecule created the big bang and started the ever expanding system we know today. To know that the reason we exist is because of a freak occurring really makes you think "Wow, it's lucky I'm alive right now"

For those of you with true, deep depression, please at least try to do this, I know it is hard, but at least try.

My situation got infinitely better, and so will yours. Just give karma a chance. Thank you Reddit, and godspeed.