I really wish somebody would kill me.I occupy myself with menial things just to distract myself from my thoughts. Every thing I do just feels like it stems from how desperate I am to get these thoughts out of my head. If I just sit alone in a room doing nothing I get so sad and anxious I can't even breathe.

No body cares about me on this planet and, as much as it just rends me to say it, I don't really care about anyone else. Do you guys care about me? Would you really care if I died? People always tell me they care on reddit but I really doubt they do. You don't care about me, you all lie to me. Why do you lie to me? If I died tomorrow you wouldn't even know, and if you did know you'd just shrug it off in a day or a week and go "eh, that's too bad" and carry on with your life. Just like everyone that knows me and will ever know me. I don't even know why I bother posting on here.

I wish I wasn't so scared to kill myself or I would do it already. I wish somebody would do it for me. I wish somebody would just drive a bat into my head. I'm only 18 ("wow you're only 18? god suck it up and shut up. You just want attention.") but I don't want another 50+ years of this. It will only get worse.

I try to be kind and empathetic and sympathetic to all the people in the world and around me but that only goes so far when everything else about me is fucking horrid. Sometimes I wonder if I try to be kind for the sake of being kind or if I just want to feel better for myself, in which case my true intentions are vile. Sorry, I'll stop stroking my own ego now.

I hate myself and the things I do and the thoughts I think and the things I say and the way I look and the pretentious way I wrote this stupid post and everything else. I don't really have a reason to, though. I was dealt a pretty good hand in life. But I ruined it myself. I've been ruining it for 18 years. Always been a mopey kid, always shut myself off emotionally and from the people around me, always pushed people away, always been lazy, etc etc. Maybe I should just suck it up and shut up.

Whatever. I'll be dead in the next couple of years. If I make it through college (if I even get into any) I'll be very surprised. Here's to 2018, another year of my poisonous bullshit. What a fucking joke of a human being.

I'm going to bed now. If this post gets any messages or anything I'll respond to them in the morning. Goodnight guys.