How can I stop my friend from committing suicide? (x-post /r/depression)I've got a friend who won't fucking listen to me or anyone no matter what we say to him.

For as long as I've known him, he's been talking about how his life is shit and how nothing works out for him: "everything's fucking pointless cause this, everything's fucking pointless cause that". I can't talk sense into him at all. I never was able to my entire life, but he would always say things like "when I leave this world, I hope you remember me." I thought this fucker was joking, but I can tell he's not and he's getting serious about it. I'm fucking infuriated because I feel powerless. I feel like a veteran psychologist can't change his mind, and he blocks out everything I say. He says that I'm being selfish because I want him to "keep on suffering," but this fucker doesn't see it the other way. He doesn't see it that I want him alive. And I tell him that, but he doesn't acknowledge it in any way. He just acts like I'm saying it so I can make him suffer more. Fuck no, I think he's a great person. Sure he's a bit quirky, but that doesn't mean he's some low-life that he always claims to be.

This guy fell in love with a girl in college. He claims that he's tried everything to break his "weaboo", "beta" stigma by working out, drinking, stop watching anime, etc. From the looks of what he's told me, he gone out on a date with her at least once. Apparently, it didn't work out and he's thinking about ending his life. He claims there's more to it, and I'm sure there is, but how many fucking things can go so wrong in your life that you have to kill yourself.

This guy got an intern to Microsoft and he's looking to intern also at Weebly. He's fucking good at what he does, so it's not even like he's going to have a shit future.

I think his parents divorced long ago and I don't think they give him much attention. I'm sure this must have had huge impact on the way he thinks about things, but people around the world have this kind of shit going on all the time. They grow up, they get out of that shit hole. I don't think he's even trying. I think he's so stuck on one belief that he's not going to listen.

I don't fucking know what the fuck is going on and I'm shaking because I'm pissed as fuck, but I need to do something for him before he seriously kills himself.