Resignation from life.Things have been hard for me recently. Recently isn't exactly right, its really been the last 7 or so years to be more accurate. 

My story is similar to a lot of people that I've read on here (I lurk a lot). Grew up being bullied, grew up having zero friends, horrible self-esteem issues, lots of negativity, tons of self-hate, the works. Childhood and early adolescence during this time obviously had impacts on my life later on. All of these feelings have just gotten worse with time and as the taunting and doubts of early adolescence developed into further negativity, depression, and self-hatred in later years. I'm 22 now but I don't feel like it at all. I feel completely foreign and alien to everyone around me. I feel like I don't understand anyone and no one understands me. I have no friends, zero relationship experience, no job experience and no real hope going onward.

The more I think about life going forward, the more I begin to realize that things just are not going to get better. Everyone will come and say that the future is a mystery and its better to just stick around and see what happens, but you could have told me that advice 5 years ago when I was in a similar state and the way that I feel would be identical to now. Nothing has changed. Things have really actually gotten worse. 5 years ago, I wasn't in tens of thousands of dollars of college debt for a worthless degree. 5 years ago, I still had some sense of blind optimism or naivety to dream about. 5 years ago, I still have a slight, minuscule amount of hope that maybe things would turn around in college.

But that didn't happen. My college years have only cemented my sense of resignation. After being bullied in middle and high school, I thought college would be a new and fresh start, somewhere that I could "reinvent" myself and have friends and happiness for once. That was not the case. College was just a further extension of the ostracism, bullying, and loneliness that I felt while I was younger. I felt like a ghost my entire college career, only coming into physical being to be the butt end of jokes or when people needed to use me as a human textbook for help with classwork or quizzes. I thought that maybe for once in my life I'd be able to feel some sort of companionship - no, that's not really the right term here. The real word I'm trying to convey is a sense of normalcy. Being this alone, this sad, this anxious, all the time robs you of your humanity. You don't feel like you exist. You don't feel like you are meant to be among others. You start to feel like your existence is some sort of divine mistake, that there's no way someone as worthless as yourself could ever exist in a just world. But lo, you do.

I got to a point during my final semester at college where I was at my breaking point. Up to that point, that was the lowest I had ever felt. I hadn't been to class in almost 3 weeks and I didn't want to risk my parents finding out about my grades dropping significantly so I finally talked to a therapist. She was beneficial mainly because she allowed me to vent and talk about my thoughts - similar to how I am right now. Scheduling made it so we were only able to meet four times during the course of the semester and on the last day I agreed and signed a release form to allow her to call my mom to try to get me some help with the way that I feel for when I eventually moved back home. In the days leading up to the phone call, I was an anxious wreck. I knew it was coming. I knew that I'd have to face the music at some point and come clean to her about the real reason why I appeared so tired and lethargic all the time and it wasn't a conversation I was eager to partake in. But deep down I knew it was what I needed to do. If things kept on progressing as they were, I'd more than likely jump off a cliff.

Eventually my mother got the phone call from my therapist. I know that she got it because my therapist called me to let me know that she told her about it and for me to give her an update later on. So all that remained was the waiting game.

An hour passed.

And then a day. And then a week. And then a month. And then two.

It became apparent that nothing was going to happen. Either she completely misunderstood what my therapist meant by "extremely depressed" or she doesn't seem to care. Regardless, the point remains that I am now back at home, living with my parents, no friends, no place to vent, nothing. I am just alone with my thoughts all day. I've applied for jobs and have gotten a few interviews and for almost all of them I've been told that I'm overqualified for the position. This is the final laugh of the education system; being told that if you don't have a degree, you'll suffer an existence of flipping burgers. Well, I have a degree and I'd kill for a basic minimum wage flipping burgers and now I'm being told that I won't be a motivated worker because I decided student debt was a logical decision. Priceless.

To bring this rambling mess to a conclusion, I have no real reason to believe that life is ever going to get any better in the future, near or far. I've been plagued with low self-esteem, self-hate, anxiety, depression, and a myriad of other negative emotions for too long to draw any other conclusions other than that my life is going to be long, pitiful, and sad for however long I live. There's no avenue in my life that I can see good - no friends, no job, no girlfriend, no social circle, no therapist or drugs to aid me. 

I will never kill myself. This is not some defiant statement against the abyss. This is a resignation to the reality that I am in a purgatory of sorts - forever feeling dead but unable to become it. I've read too many stories on reddit and 4chan about the impacts of suicide on survivors and while my family may not have any real understanding of the way that I feel, the impact of an unexpected suicide would destroy them. For that fact, I am forced to bear this cross for as long as I live. It is heavy, it breaks my back and ravages my body but for their sake, I have to bear it on my own.

I really don't know why I typed all of this out. To be honest, over the past year or so I've posted a lot of threads like this on /r/SuicideWatch hoping to get some form of answer or clarity, but to no avail. That's not a dig at any of the people that take their time to try to save the lost souls here, its just a realization of the extent of my own issues. Just to clarify, I'm not going to do anything drastic any time soon - if ever - I just needed to empty some thoughts out into the void, somewhere at least appropriate.

Thanks for reading.