Need helpAlright before i start i may just start with the begining. I never was an easy child. I lived with my mom and brother. She left my father one day on a heafbutt. I was 3. She never really cared for me because i'm technicly the same as him. Im headstrong, impatient, got anxiety disorders and heavily sarcastic. At around 6 i was seing him like 2 times a years at most. She always made me feel like i was unwanted. At middle school i was fairly a good students. Scoring from 75-90℅ without putting much effort. But it wasn't enough for her tought. On the other side my brother who have a ADHD had an excuse for everything. Got 45℅? Thats normal. You hit you're brother? He deserved it. Didn't clean your room? I'll do it.
She did that for as long as i can remember. At around 9 i starting doing small chores like cutting grass for the neigboor for small amount. I scored a pretty high amount aimce i did as much as i could to get out of the house. Until i was 12. She started charging me a rent. And of course my father still payed his monthly check to her. I suspected she was drinking and most likely doing drugs but i never catched her on the act. My father told me she had a problem with it when she was with him. Around that time she made me see a psychiatrist. Guess who was paying. Yep. Me. After a few sessions, she told me my mother may be the problem. Whenshe confronted her on it ahe changed of psychiatrist. It went on for years. And meds were changing as often as 4 time a years. I was frequently beaten up at school and at home. She (mo never really hit me but she kept on saying i wasn't worth the effort. One day i asked my dad to take me. As soon as she got it, she made a statements at court saying he beated her. Obviously faked to keep my father from paying her for keeping us. One day my mom settled out. She had 2 other daughters. Both she cared for again making me the black sheep. At 17 i went to college in another city. I was fairly scoring good but i didnt like my degree after a few class. I told her i'd finish my session and move back home to work for a years or two to takey time to change of proffesion. She called my a whimp. Told me i'd be the same as my father and that i'd die alone. Really needed again. Same time met a virl online moved out near her and left her 2 month after. She cheated. Multiple time. Rented somewhere near my ancient job. She took me back in but since my mother worked in the same place, she fired me 1years after. I knew afterward why : she told my boss that when i left the house i stole some furnitures from her, told her horrible thing and said i hated my jobs. All faked again. On top of that she called depression when i came up and 2 weeks before she got back i was fired. 

Now for the main course. Im 22. Before getting fired, a girl started working there. I was kinda interested in her but she was taken. The thing is she was smoking drugs and his bf didn't like it so she came at my place for him not to see her. She told me almost anything about them and eventualy left him. We started smoking and drinking more and more. One day we were particulary stoked and i made my move. I touched her privates for a few minutes and she seemed to like it. She told me to stop because it was too strange for her. She stormed out and I was destroyed. She texted me and we talked about it. She told me she didn't know why she told me to stop because she felt like doing it but couldn't resign since i was her best friend.
2 days later she came back and same thing happened. Homever we did it. I was so in the act homever i realised that when im drunk i can't get a complete erection but it all went pretty well after a few minutes. Around an hours later she dressed herself and went out. She told me she was sorry amd that it was a mistake. We kept seing each other to this day homever we never did it again. She now has a new bf wich make me feel even stranger and everytime she wanted to come here with him I made a new excuses.  I don't want to see him. To my great dissaray she freakily opened and she even tell me about what they do together and by that i mean everything. 

This week we were drinking with a common friend and i was drinking and i passed and made an ethyl comas. They freaked out because she tought i was dead until she took my heartbeat (she work in health care) they left me on the floor with a pillow because i was too heavy. Before the went out i reached for the drawers and tried to stab myslef with a knive and i fell down missingy chest again. They hide the knives higher so i couldnt reach them and went out. The following day they came to see if i was okay. I told them i didn't remember a thing but i lied. They told me the whole story. I didn't want them to be worried.  Since then i restarted to cutting myself and i badly want to die. I just don't know what to do. No family. No one for me. No real friends. Im just done with it i want it to be over. I don't want to forcr myself again. So please can someone who has had these tought help me. Before its too late.