Here is my storyI am about to type a lot but you can decide if it is worth the read. I have been messes up for a while, I moved halfway through 7th grade to NJ from Hawaii. Ever since I got here I haven't fit in, my relationship with my parents is declining, and things have gotten hard. I never even had the thoughts of being sad, hurting myself, or killing myself. I got through that year with minimal sadness, still thinking maybe things would change. I was so optimistic that I could turn things around. But they never did, I went through 8th grade hopping around groups and then getting kicked out, trying to find those friends to help me. Trying to find a love, knowing I am to young to truly know what that means, I still tried, and failed. People only decided to date me out of pity, or lie and say they liked me. The longest I dated someone was a day in 8th grade. Then I found out they lied and were faking it the whole time. After the second time this happened is when I started to decline. I never really noticed it at first, I just kept on with my life. There were more and more sad/bad thoughts coming into my head.  Near the end of the year I thought I had found my friend group, these people were like me, we had good times, I had a lunch table and didn't have to eat in the bathroom anymore, that was a relief. With this came a girl I liked, which is a whole different story, but part of this one. She lied to me for 2 months, and a lot of her friends, telling people she loved me, and others she never did. I didn't know who to believe, but still having hope I decided to believe that she loved me like she said. She didn't. I got into a spat with someone in the group and it turned into something else, here is what it was over. These boys in the group, friends with the girl I was talking about earlier, yet these three boys all thought I was trying to take their girl. Knowing I was in love with the girl that crushed me (though she hadn't yet at this point) they still decided to believe that I was trying to take their date away from them. So the rumors started, me slapping other girls butts, me trying to kiss someone, all of them were false. So one day I walked up to the girl that was the source of the rumors, and we got into an argument, she stepped to me, and I pushed her away. Knowing this was a bad decision I took to snapchat to try and stop the rumors before she started them. I got in trouble by my school for posting, while she, accusing me of pushing her in her boobs, which shown by the security cameras, was completely false. But did people around the school see the footage? No, so they believed her over me. I ended up with an ISS and a lot of people hating me. Over the summer I went to a camp which was where I was truly happy, four days where I did not want to die or hurt myself. That continued for about a week, but then everything came back. My summer continued, I was dreading school, but I knew I had no choice anyways. It was the first year of High School, everything matters. So I dived headfirst into 9th grade with a now very low self esteem, and a lot of hatred for myself as well. I was now stuck in a mentality. A mentality of wanting an end, an end to the crippling fear, doubts, and shame. An end to the feeling of being constantly overwhelmed and under equipped. Where you want to be happy and confident deep down, but you just can’t seem to be that person. Where you hate yourself for being flawed. It is a dark mentality to be in, and I am in. I do not know if I have depression but it sure feels like it. I tell some people but I figured I would throw this out here so people know why I’m gone if I decide to go. But I don’t know if I will because I reasons to live and people to live for. It is all just so confusing, not knowing if you have depression or not, with your life falling apart around you. But you can’t complain or tell people because then they hate on you for wanting attention, or tell you that you should be grateful for what you have (which I am). I have a good life, but not a good mind. I can’t really explain it. I just don’t know, ya know?
I am aware some response's to this post cannot be said due to the rules of this subreddit, if you care enough to feel free to PM me.
Have a fantastic dayyyyy!!!! :)