I need some advice/help for my friendHi!

I need help with a friend.

Well, we are not exactly friends, but I know him. Know him through friends of his, all good guys. He's an ex-marine and a vet. Same age as me (early 30s). I've met him maybe 2 or 3 times over course of 4 yrs. I went to SEAR training with someone who knew him in the marine core. Then many yrs later he became friends with a lot of my friends (he started going to a church).

I ran into him 6 days back and some our common friends and I could tell he was clearly distressed from talking to him. It was a rainy cold night, one thing led to another, we talked a little bit, and the story came out. He's just about lost everything and is about to lose all his cool. 

A little background. : 

He came out of the marine core because of PTSD, he is divorced with two little girls who stays with their mom, he joined DHS as an agent, lot of shit happened (his friends pulled their guns on him), got out of that job and has been without a job for close to 2yrs now, he's been part of a Horizon schools program for the past 1yr (which he graduated, its discipleship program), his newly wed wife (whom I know/seen. She was stationed on board w.the fifth fleet while I was in Bahrain. Cute face among a 1000men stands out.) filed a restraining order against him after 7 months of being married of which she only was with him for 4 months (I only know his side of the story, he yelled at her/called her names, she got upset and left him), he's about to go to court today, he's worried that he will lose visitation rights of his children, he has a lot of debt and bad credit, and he's been under extreme agony, depression, worries and thoughts that he's a fuckup with his life. On top of all of this, he had to leave the place he was staying at. And sadly, when I talk to him he always compares us and somehow, he always blames him finds himself a fuckup. I am no therapist.

What I did :

Over the weekend, I arranged a room with a friend (another vet who knows him) for him to stay with and be roommates. He gets VA benefits for PTSD/being ex vet etc., so he can pay rent, put gas in his car and survive barely.

I got him an attorney (to go with him to for his court appearance today). (paid for the attorney $$$$. fuck. i barely know him but whatever.)

Talked many talks with him over dinner/food *(none of which are really helping much. I don't know. I try to man him up a bit.). As it turns out he has no friends and everybody gives up on him.

Has a job interview today after his court thing for a some nonprofit job (*$14/hr., you can barely live in SD w. that, but heck he hasn't had a job for 2yrs. He needs something). I really hope he gets this job. It wil certainly help his confidence.

Last night he told me he has some sleeping pills. I asked if I can take it from him for sometime and he gave the pills to me. What kindof doctor would prescribe him sleeping pills I don't know?. But it is true that he cannot sleep because of stress/worries etc. He hardly sleeps.

I am a very busy individual, and have a job and I cannot baby sit him. I live at a different part of town, have a very busy work schedule and often work late (experiments/code work etc as an engineer). I am certainly no expert therapist or have any experience with people with PTSD, but looks like my friend never got any help out of all this. I mean, he used PTSD to get out, but never got treatment/therapy. He did a lot of things in between in course of last 3 yrs, including meeting that cool girl and marrying her (all good things) but his issues always surfaced., and he's about to kill himself and lose everything. It is at this point I ran into him. What can I do to help him? I mean help him in a way to keep him emotionally and psychologically stable? I asked him to go running w. me/ go to the gym etc. I think he need a life coach or therapist or someone? I think his VA benefits/insurance allows him to see one. We both live in San Diego, the Marine base is here, we both have completely separate lives/backgrounds/education etc. He's been married twice, has two kids, is a father and a husband. I am still single. I can use any advice how to deal w. him.

yikes! I got to get ready for work.
