Sexual AssaultQuestion. I'm not making excuses but I feel like I can't do anything right. So quick synopsis over the last 8 months I've been on citalopram for depression and anxiety over stomach problems. Then getting over that just dealing still with anxiety over being numb will all my feelings. Just got off the medicine 2 weeks ago and after dealing with withdrawal symptom of headaches mainly, feeling better still very numb.

Just last night though after getting back on track, went to a party got drunk. And went to the bathroom to help out a girl I had a crush on for a long period of time. She has a boyfriend currently. 

Anyway after sometime, I can't remember how long in the bathroom I started to massage her and touch her. I touched her vagina and she didn't say anything. Then after that a little bit later when I was moving hair out of her face she started bitting my fingers like she was turned onto me. So I fingered her for maybe two seconds, then stopped because I didn't know if she wanted me to or was blacked out I'm not sure what her state of consciousness was even though she was wet.

After that I grabbed her breasts and butt, as we were talking and she never said stop. But I don't know if I did something wrong here. She seemed in and out of like she was blacked out, but was carrying on full conversations at times. I feel horrible because I feel like I did something wrong. My biggest concern was she was affected by it, because she's a good person and close friend of mine. But she has shown no signs of that at all. She's acting the same. She's not hiding anything I really don't believe. To be honest because she was joking with me at times and also slept with me all night and the next morning when we got up.

I just feeling really guilty because even though I believe 99.9% she isn't affected because she wanted me to do it or doesn't remember, I still shouldn't have done it because she has a boyfriend and also it's not right to do anything with a girl when's she drunk in my opinion. I've had a similar situation before with a girl when I turned her down when she was drunk and I was sober. This time we were both drunk and even though I know that's not a proper excuse, I know sober I wouldn't have done this. 

How do I stop the guilt? It's been two nights ago this happened. How do I know if I was wrong? How do I know I'm not a bad person or rapist? How do I make sure she's ok, because I really know or highly, highly believe she wasn't affected but I don't want to ask her about this because it's very awkward and if she doesn't remember I don't want to bring it up and make her a victim. 

Please help. 