it just keeps coming backI can’t talk to to any of my friends and it’s not a case where I havent tried to. I’m sick of getting depressed and angering people. I can’t keep a job and I’m always in my room. I don’t really even get on the computer very often I just lay in bed and try to sleep because so little bring me any sort of joy or satisfaction. And the things that do are in such short bursts they don’t matter enough to make life worth living. My “best friend” can’t handle talking about any of my depression or anxiety and repeatedly tells me she can’t be a source to confide or vent to. my other friends get equally or more upset when I try to bring it up because it just come around in cycles and it frustrates them. I’d love to meet new people but I have so many mental blocks and I don’t know where to start or how to interact and I feel disgusting and creepy for talking to people I don’t know. I failed out of school because I have no passion and my last job was a mess where I felt more and more alone everyday surrounded by people who I felt I constantly let down. I could get another entry level job but I’d be just a mother disposable cog and it would only be a matter of time before I lose the job due to some sort of melt down at work. Job hunting alone makes me wish I didn’t exist. I feel so lonely all the time and on the past 6 years I’ve made 2 friends only one of which I still talk to and all of my old highschool friends are hemorrhaging away as my mental issues get worse. I go to regular appointments and was recently told I’ve tried most of the medications the market. Weed helped a little but I’m facing a felony for having less than a gram because I live in Texas. I really have no friends I can talk to about how I feel and the only thing keeping me here is an intense fear of pain that is slowly but surely fading. I’ve stopped caring about what others would think or feel about me leaving. I’ve started researching carbon monoxide poisoning because I think it could be low pain way to go and I’m at the point where a gun may even be fine because it sounds quick enough and has a high enough success rate. I’m really scrapping the bottom of the barrel, I don’t want to talk to strangers or a hotline I want friends that care and reach out but even that’s not enough to fix the all the issues of no passion or motivation. It’s such a tangled mess and maybe it could be untangled but im so far in I don’t care to try anymore. I’m tired of being a financial drain on my family and I don’t feel like I could ever live alone and I don’t want anyone to have to handle the burden of living with me in case I have an anxiety/autistic meltdown. Everyone talks like they care until they are face to face with someone who is too far gone. They think I’m not trying and that sends so much deeper into my depression. I’m fighting constantly and it doesn’t result in anything externally so I must not be trying hard enough. I try so hard to be what I want from people but I constantly feel more and more alone. I wish I could just text my friend right now with out the fear of angering them to the point of blocking me. I know I should have better friends but this is all I have and I know the loneliness can get worse so I cling to what I currently have which again makes things worse. Therapy is the only option I could see exploring more and it’s not that I haven’t tried it but when I have it makes me sit in my car so depressed after wards that I can’t even drive home. even with perfect therapy it’s still a stranger and I don’t see what good it would do to still not have friends I can confide in or a passion I care about. I won’t magically find a passion and I know any sort of reply would tell me to keep trying therapy and the benefits it can provide. I’ve researched it a lot and when people talk to me I end up making the conversation feel hopeless and trapped in a loop of circular logic. I just want to be held and told I’ll feel better in time but instead I am refused any sort of hug from my friends and am met with anger. I don’t know what’s wrong with me and I’m unable to ask people what my flaws are because when I do it’s just people getting more upset. Doesn’t matter how I approach the subject. It really feels like I’m out of options. My psychiatrist wants to try some brain chocking technique but I’m just ready to die. I wish I wasn’t so afraid of pain. I would give anything to just have my heart stop while typing this. But of course it won’t. and I’m sure someone is “so happy I am still here” but I just don’t care anymore. I keep almost getting back on my feet but it’s never enough for the people around me. I feel so isolated I can’t talk or touch or cry around anyone except my parents and it makes me feel pathetic like I’m unable to go out and do anything on my own like make a friend that cares about me. Parental love wasn’t earned I haven’t done anything with my life. I’m just ready for it to all end.