I fear my friend might be depressedI fear that one of my best friends may be depressed. He never wants to talk about it and every time I ask him he simply responds “I’m fine” and change the subject. Nothing I say seem to go through to him. 

His behavior has changed so much over this past year, and I don’t really know what to do. He has stopped working out, both going to the gym and track and field. He used to really love both, especially the latter. He would go to multiple competitions over each season and end up high on the scoreboard. Despite this, he stopped showing up for practice, right out of the blue. He’d have some reason like “I have to make food today at home” or “I have too much schoolwork to do”. 

He has also started drinking. Before last spring he had never been near alcohol, but suddenly he was out drinking 2-3 weekends a month. He also started smoking around the same time, “joking” that the only reason he did was because he was hoping to get cancer so it would kill him. 

When he is not partying, the only thing he does is sit in front of his computer and play video games. The only reason he plays games though appears to simply be that it burns time until he can go to bed and repeat. He seems to have completely given up on school, spending less and less time on the assignments. He rarely touches anything to with school before the day of handing it in, and never reads up on the material before a test. 

Whenever he hangs around me or other friends he always smiles and laughs, but it never seems to quite reach his eyes. He always has somewhat of a distance between himself and the group, preferring to be on his phone over talking with the rest. 

He seems to have really bad memory, both short-term and long-term. You can ask him about anything game related, but that’s about it. He has no grasp whatsoever about what we’re currently doing in school, nor plans or appointments he has scheduled. 

Does this seem like depression to you guys? Or am I just being paranoid?