No motivation, no point in going on.Well. Here I am, finally. I don't really know how to go with this..

So yeah. I'm in a first world country, within a good family with a not too bad economical situation, no health nor abuse problems, a girlfriend of more than four years, university student with passable grades, so yeah, I'm afraid I'm going to sound like a whiner without anything real to complain about.

But yeah, it has been going on for a while, but I don't really have any motivation. Studies don't motivate me, I go to class only to spend my time doing other things, I play games or read books instead of doing proper homework and pass only through a mix of good instant memorization, asking friends and colleagues, last minute cramming, and sheer luck.
I cannot explain this supreme dislike of working. I might have had too easy a school life in the beginning since I didn't have to work to have good grades, but that has stop being the case already 4-5 years ago.
I have been having random thoughts of suicide since a long time back, with the middle school (or whatever you call it when you are 13) bullying, and then when my grades went down in high school.

I really find it hard to work. It takes me a long time to force myself to start doing something, and then I will go back to doing something else every five minutes most of the time. In class it's the same, I don't have enough interest to continue going on for more than five minutes. Nothing really interests me...

I have a few hobbies, reading fantasy, mangas, sci-fi, light novels or playing some games. Dungeons and Dragons is a hobby I particularly like, but yeah. All this is but a temporary setting my mind to something else than my life or than working, which isn't particularly helpful.

I have a pretty girlfriend, and quite nice, intelligent and funny too... But even so, my heart doesn't burn with anything strong enough to make me want to work for it. So yeah, I don't know, why the hell should I continue this pretend life of working towards a typical scheme when I die inside each time I find myself not working.
I feel apathetic, and I can only pretend to everyone I'm doing fine. I have tried talking already, to family friends psychologists and all, but except burdening more people, it hasn't seemed to change anything, so I pretended I was better.

The only reasons I still am going on are that I do not want to hurt the people I hold dear, and probably also that I am too cowardly (or I have too high a self-preservation, whatever) to actually try.

But the struggle continues. So here I am. Maybe someone will be able to help me out of this...