My Roommate is Not OkayHey yall,

I am writing this because I am seriously concerned with the welfare of my roommate. Last night she attempted suicide while myself and my other roommates were in class. Some of our friends got to our house in time to talk to her. They ended up making her call a campus hotline (she was refusing), she went to sleep, and then the hotline called back and sent a police welfare check who took her to the hospital. She was lying to the people on the hotline, and I think she was lying to whatever psychologist she talked to at the hospital because she was there and back in under three hours. The way her mental health has been for the last year, they probably should have kept her there longer.

I've been her roommate for two years. She's self harmed, abused narcotics and other drugs to cope, and for a while was displaying traits of alcoholism. She started seeing a psychiatrist over the summer, but her meds are giving her side effects and she wont tell the psych about them. As soon as she got back to school, she went immediately back to how she was the previous year. She is refusing help from all of her friends at school, and lies to her family about what's really going on. She was going to take a year off from school, but then decided not to because her mom convinced her it would be harder if she came back a year later and was in a different grade than her friends.

I have no idea what to do. Everyone keeps telling me that all of this is her decision, but it was also her decision to put herself consistently in harm's way, so I do not trust her to make her own decisions right now. I'm also concerned for the health of myself and my other roommates: my two other roommates have never dealt with this before and cannot cope with it, and I have severe depression and this is triggering for me. It's not just that I don't want her to be in this kind of pain, but I also cannot live around it like I did last year (I know this sounds selfish, but I really just can't). I'm angry that people keep telling me I can't do anything to make her actually get help and take it seriously.

If anyone has been in a similar situation or has any opinion on what I should do, please share. I am completely lost and no one is helping me find answers.