Could this be considered "an attempt"?I'll begin with that I am not currently depressed, anxious, nor receiving any kind of treatment. However, I often find myself reflecting on an event that took place about eight years ago.

At the time I was diagnosed having an anxiety disorder and likely depression. Though I'm not a physician, I was reluctant to accept the doctors diagnoses of depression, but having had a prior bout with anxiety I began treatment for both. In time, and under medical supervision I was eventually permitted to cease treatment.

Some time later I went though a period of limited and difficult sleep. Sleep has been an issue for me since early adolescence. One night, after about 50+ hours of sleeplessness, I had become so desperate and exhausted that all I wanted -- all I could think about was sleeping. I took a handful of pills: muscle relaxers, a couple of different narcotic pain killers, and diphenhydramine. Probably around 20 - 30 pills total; washed down with about half bottle of liquor.

The drowsy feeling I had been seeking was upon me in short order. Before surrendering to sleep a though crossed my mind. It may have been too many pills -- to much liquor. I had my phone by my bed and two flatmates within earshot. I didn't care! I just wanted to sleep, and soon I would be. I awoke about a day later with evidence that I had pissed myself sometime during my drug-enabled sleep.

I did not actively seek to end my life, however for that brief moment before surrendering to sleep; I was honestly indifferent about ever waking up.

I've not since found myself in such circumstances, and have been mostly happy for the greater part of the past decade, but I often think about that night and wonder how to classify it. I've never spoken to anyone about it, and this is the first time it has even been externalized (put to paper/computer screen).

**TLDR:** Couldn't sleep. Took a lot of pills and booze. Before passing out honestly thought it may have been too much, but I didn't care. Help was readily available; just needed to shout for one of my mates (thin walls), or could have used the phone sitting right next to me. Wasn't trying to kill myself, but I didn't care if I never woke up.