Not seeing a point in crawling forward anymore, once again thinking about suicide tonight, but in a calm way. Hopefully i wont be a coward this time and actually make up my mind.Im not even really sure why i am writing this post, i just feel alone and i am alone. I have no one to talk to nor to do anything. I feel emotionally numb, i cant cry, i barely feel any emotions. Death and suicide doesnt bother me and im fine with it being here and i want it. Im complete 0 in real life and dont tell me otherwise, i experienced nothing in real life other than walking from home to school and the other way around. Ive spent most of my life online, and so i tried finding first friends, then love online. Friends are not exactly something im looking for, and i am able to somewhat feel love. For me, one person that i would be with means more and does more than if i had 500 friends.

I tried several times to find love, i was with some people, but in the end they always dumped me/put me away. Some cases were horrible and i barely picked myself up, and some were somewhat friendly but they still hurt and made me go back to being hopeless and giving up.

Some hours ago, one person i was with told me that they want to be just friends, and that they dont feel "that thing" anymore. Just like it always was- the feelings fade away, the messaging stops, being lovey stops, everything falls- all while i am trying to hold it up and make it feel like the first time we met, but its not working if only one side is doing it.

Im a wreck, i probably have few mental issues, but i dont know if thats true because i wasnt checked and i dont want to be checked, atleast in my place where i live. I struggle with a lot of things and i feel useless and worthless. I barely have energy to do daily basis things that many other normal people do. Im very negative and i overthink a lot, but im trying to be positive for the one i am with. Though i am friendly, good person and im very open.

I panic and overthink and whatever else whenever the other person goes off, or doesnt reply me, or isnt as lovey and so on- Im paying attention to the smallest details and whenever i feel like something is going down slowly, i go down with it. In the end its all falling apart just like i felt it in the beginning.

Im done with people, i tried my best on finding someone perfect, i thought i found them, and i lost them. Im done with people, they are horrible. Most of them just use you as a ladder to climb up but leave you behind. You give something to someone, and you get nothing or a punch back.

I wont be able to find anyone that is like me, and has the same mindset and thoughts about relationship and things associated with it etc.

I should just give up completely- if i didnt already, make up my mind and actually do it tonight.