I’ve been depressed since I was 6I can pinpoint the exact moment it all turned dark in my world. My cousin molested me. After it happened I did something really uncommon for a victim. I actually told my mom. She had no idea what to do so she called a therapist. He told her that I would forget all about the incident because I was so young. He was half right. I blocked out the memory because it was horrific but deep down I always knew something was off. I wasn’t “right” or “normal”. I grew up so angry and would spiral into deep depressions that I couldn’t get out of. I was hospitalized by 12 because I was threatening to take my own life. After that stint in the hospital I went to another therapist who gave me too high a dosage of some kind of drug, no idea which one and I felt nothing. I hated feeling nothing so I swore to never take pills again. My mom always says that I used to be the happiest kid. I would even laugh in my sleep but I was not only physically abused my cousin, I was emotionally and verbally abused by my dad and multiple family members. For as long as I can remember I have just wanted to die but I can’t seem to do it myself. I turned to drugs and alcohol but that only led to more problems. I finally broke the cycle of abuse and I have gotten away from all the toxic people. I’m 30 years old, college educated, in a successful/loving relationship, great group of supportive friends, great job, and I practice self care by eating right and exercising regularly. Why do I still wish to die? I really and truly thought that getting away from all the shit that caused the darkness would help stop the depression and suicidal thoughts but it really hasn’t. I feel awful because I know the people in my life that truly care about me just want it to go away and they don’t know how to help me. I want to get better for myself and for them but it’s paralyzing sometimes. If I could flip a switch to feel better then I would but I have seen over 15 therapists since I was six. I’ve done workshops, taken psychedelic drugs, talked until I lost my voice, picked up hobbies, and tried to follow what feeds my soul but I cannot shake this darkness that has followed me since I was six