I’m going to be that guy who kills himself over a breakup.It’s been just over a month since I’ve spoken with her and things are getting worse. 2 weeks ago I was a morbidly depressed excuse for a human being, but atleast I was in a fog of denial and benzos. Now that the dust has settled and reality has set in, I don’t think I can live without her.

We only knew each other for 3 months. I’ve been through gut wrenching breakups in my 20’s and still felt optimistic about the future. There’s something about this one, about her, that has wounded me far beyond repair. I left my job to get away from her. That was mistake # 1. I sleep until 1PM every day and occupy the hours that I’m awake chain smoking in my room and half-heartedly searching for jobs. I don’t think I’m in any condition to work, but I’m trying to convince myself that a new job will represent a new chapter in my life and will get her out of my head for a few hours a day.

There’s something about her finding someone else that has destroyed me. I find myself getting lost in my thoughts about them doing all the things that we once did and It sends me on this depressive spiral of self harm and oversleeping. I can’t cry because I’m on anti-depressants which take the edge of JUST enough to not allow me to fully melt down, which keeps me in a permanent state of misery.

I don’t want to rely on Xanax or other drugs to get myself through these dark moments, as I know that the grief will still be there when I decide to withdraw. 

I made the mistake of researching Limerence last night and my scumbag brain has almost convinced me I suffer from this horrible psychological disorder and Ill never be able to get her out of my head. I sat here for hours last night trying to find one negative flaw of hers to focus on, but I couldn’t. She was so unusually perfect for me, and I fucked it up.

I want to know what she’s thinking, if she ever wants to reconnect, what her new apartment looks like. Her new boyfriend gets to experience all these things, and Im laying here in the dark researching suicide methods. I’m past the half-assed suicide attempts just to get her attention. At this point, I need to silence my head. I pray every night when I go to sleep that I’ll wake up and feel even a little bit better. But It’s only getting worse. I know time heals these things, I’m 32 now and this isn’t my first breakup. I just can’t live like this for 5-6 months or however long it’s supposed to take. I just want to be happy again. I need an escape from this hell.

There’s a high speed train that comes through my area several times a week. I know the schedule, and am giving myself 48 hours to feel better. If not, I’m going to write her one final letter, send it, and then go jump in front of it. My family and friends know Im in bad shape but don’t understand how I can be this messed up over a breakup. To be honest, I don’t understand it either. 

I hope to be able to give you guys a positive update by Wednesday evening. If not, Ill be back here to say goodbye forever before seeing what the next life has in store for me.