[22M] I thought I knew what I wanted from life and that was to be an animator, and as I suspected, my expectations came crashing down when I found out what it's actually like and I'm a fucking mess and I don't know what the live for anymore.I'm UK. I recently completed an animation degree and did well in it. I had a hard time at university motivating myself due to various reasons but I finally finished and I'm free to do whatever I like. 

I recently had a personal change of heart and a HUGE surge of motivation when I decided to chase my dreams and work in the games industry specifically in the USA than try to stay in the UK for the sake of it being safe. I know it's unwise, but I really want to work especially for one specific company eventually in Burbank LA as my ultimate goal.

I struggled with pressure A LOT at university. I could see my peers around me produce work and get up in the morning like it was nothing and I'm on the side having LITERAL meltdowns. My motivation plummeted. I never came in, I stayed in bed all day, I was a nazi when it came to team work and when the work got stressful, I would drop everything and 'curl up into a ball' and just not try at all. My teaching there wasn't very good and I had to teach myself a lot. Many of my peers agreed and complained to the University. 

My girlfriend had offered me a lot of support while doing my degree and I thank her but I can't help but feel like I tied myself to her ambitions because I didn't have any of my own or something. I had to mentally let go recently and imagine if she didn't exist, what would I do. That's when I had this sudden realisation that my goal would be to work abroad. I didn't have a personal goal I actually wanted to achieve independent of my girlfriend and not influenced by my girlfriends goals to fit it into my life.

I've been doing some more research into the games industry and it's apparently a soul crushing industry to work in. Long hours, a lot of pressure on you to deliver from the publishers etc. I already knew this, but I didn't fully realise how much it may affect me.

I've gotten told to people on reddit that if mental health is a concern of mine, then I shouldn't work abroad. Like what am I meant to do then. I've always wanted to do this. I've wanted to do this. But I guess that it will just make me unhappy or something. What the fuck do I do. Don't follow your dreams because your brain won't allow it. I'm so fucking pissed off.

I constantly feel like I'm just not fit for the world. Everyone around me seems to just get by while I completely crumble under the stress and give up. I get so distracted too and I don't see that I haven't done any work until it's too late.

I don't know what I'm meant to do with myself now. I don't want to do anything else but in reality, my dreams are not real and most likely are pipe dreams. It will be nothing like that.

I want to be a success in my eyes. I want to follow my dreams and those to be a reality but I guess they're not a reality.

I don't want to chase something else for a more stable career because it's safer because I know I'll die with regret of not doing what I like doing. 

I at least think I like animation. I like doing it most of the time, but when I'm feeling this way I don't know for sure and it depresses me so much.

Thoughts of just ending it completely are going through my head now because the world is a fucking horrible place and I don't think it's ever possible for me to be able to cope in such a competitive world.

I feel like such a hypocrite because my brother mid way though my Uni course went legitimately suicidal after a bad breakup. (he suffers from actual depression). He's alive 2 years later thank god but I know what the effects of suicide did on our family so I really really don't want to do it to mine.

I won't lie though, I feel genuinely like I'm going to get in my car and drive it into a wall.