People who try to stop others from dying are selfish.That’s just an opinion. This post isn’t even coherent bc I am in one of my episodes and I also took some attention suppliments and it’s fucking with my head.

To be honest I am starting to realize there’s no point in talking. I have nothing to say. I can’t help in any way.
I tell people not to kill themselves because there’s hope, things will get better, God loves them and all that, but I can’t even fool myself. How can I convince and help others when I can’t do it for myself?
What kind of hypocrite am I? Telling you to  hang on, that life is beautiful and you should fight for it, when in reality I think life is absolutely nothing, I have no purpose (nobody does. We are born to die. But must struggle and  fight tooth and nail in the middle? For what? To end up dying later anyway?) and I just want to lay down in bed and never wake up. I want to disappear and be forgotten forever. 
There’s nothing worse than being told “don’t die, there’s really some who loves you” “you are wanted/needed/loved etc” “your problem is temporary, but death is forever” but in reality there’s nobody there for you, and even if there was they would be better off without me, because I don’t function normally and all I do is annoy and worry my family. I’m not wanted or loved or needed, I became a burden and a problem. I am not even a person anymore.
My family would be better off with the money they could save from not spending it on me, they’d be better without our fights, without my fucked up health problems and without me in general. 
My problem might be temporary but after this one goes away another one will come, or more. Or maybe it’s not temporary, maybe this problem is ruining the quality of my life and it’s never going to go away. 
Why should I live? To sudy? To work? To become a doctor like I wanted to? To have kids? 
There are plenty of doctors already, there are plenty of students and workers. I’m not needed. There are enough people on the planet as well, too many actually, and there are plenty of kids. If I continue to live, what good does it do anyone? I become another one of the millions of doctors, I consume oxygen and water and food, while other are starving and dying of thirst, watching their children suffer and die, I make trash and waste and I pollute the stuff around me. What good am I for anyone if I live? 
When I was young I was told that I don’t have to do something if it doesn’t make me happy. Living doesn’t make me happy. It doesn’t make anyone happy, so knowing I am a burden, an extra problem, I contribute with nothing, I only ruing things and pollute everything around me, why should I live? There are so many others that   want to live, sick and dying people, poor people, they want to live, they want their children, parents, lovers and siblings to live and sometimes they don’t get to. I get to live, but I don’t want to, I feel like the food I eat, the water I drink, the money I use, I don’t even enjoy it, I waste it, and there are so many people who could use it. It’s not fair that I have to live, that I get to live, even if I don’t want to, while others have to die. Why do I have to live and they have to die? Why is it selfish of me to kill myself but it’s not selfish to continue to live and hate every second of it?