Can't stand doing workI'm 19, a high school dropout, very few friends, greatly lazy, and unemployed. At the moment, getting a job seems to be the thing I need to do, and it's honestly driving me crazy.
I haven't worked much in my life, and I haven't done a ton of searching, but what I have done has been (somewhat) successful. All except maybe one of the jobs I've applied for have wanted to hire me, and there was one that I started working for, though it didn't last long. After a single day of working there, I was so stressed out that I considered ending my life the following morning, though I went to the Hospital and got a bit of help instead.
Now a big problem is the job I most recently applied for. I got the interview, and I'm supposed to do a few online forms before I can be accepted, but to be honest I really don't want to be accepted. The idea alone of working stresses me significantly, and I've considered ending my life on numerous occasions just to get out of it. I've been putting off filling those forms as well, and have just left it half-done thus far.
I've done an odd job or two over the last couple of years, and even though they usually only last a couple of hours, I often hide away, lie, and make excuses to not do the work, or at the very least, pretend that I'm doing more than I am. Hell, I don't even want to mow someone else's lawn for a couple hours even though I'd be paid for it. 
I left public highschool a few years ago, mainly because my health was suffering because of it, in favor of virtual schooling. I never did much other than sleep throughout my school days, most of my grades were failing, and I figured virtual schooling might make things a bit more accessible... And it ended up going about the same, I didn't do much work at all and ended up failing courses because of it. After being there for a couple years, I decided to drop out in favor of doing work, since I figured working for money was better than wasting away on an education that I didn't want.
It didn't work, as I said earlier. These obligations do nothing but stress me, and I can't stand it. On top of this, I lack any kind of direction or motivation. I have no dreams or ambitions, I'm not active in anything even moderately important, and I waste away as a hermit in my room, playing games (of which I constantly lose interest), watching videos on YouTube, and generally just being lazy. I hang out with a friend sometimes for a weekend, and we play games together, and I also play with a friend online relatively often. Otherwise, my social interaction is pretty minimal. I don't like people, and they generally don't like me.
Other forms of activity just don't interest me. I don't like sports, I don't like bike riding or running, working out is insufferably boring, and just about anything else that isn't confined to my room is off-putting. 
I feel like life is just constant stress, save for those few times I can be with friends, and it's driving me totally insane. I know everything is likely due to me just being a lazy child, but I can't really help it. I don't currently take medication, my primary psychologist isn't really much help with anything, and the therapist I had to see when I went to the hospital I ended up just arguing with. He didn't seem particularly smart to me.
Apologies for this being a bit long winded, and maybe a little off topic, but I really needed to get this stuff off my chest, and I don't feel comfortable going to anybody in my family or my friends. I considered making an alternate account to post this, but I couldn't think of an email or username, and I figured it'd probably be better not to actively hide stuff behind a different account.