Too tired to go onOK, before I go on, I'm sorry for whining. You must see posts like this all the time and this is no different. I'm just at a loss about where to go.

I've been off on a planned break from work this last week, and I thought I was going to be able to recover a bit. Was I? No. I've been dizzy and disorientated for about a month, and last Friday I got worse. I've been sweating like a pig, nauseated, having feverish delusions and I've been so tired. My chronic pain has got worse. I'm just not coping. I basically ruined last weekend by not being able to leave my bed. I'm supposed to be back at work in a couple of days and I feel rotten.

But why am I on the edge because of some weird illness? That makes no sense, right? It's not just that. It's like it's the final straw. I don't know how I can get through another 40 years of this before I retire. I'm 28. Is it meant to be enjoyable? I've posted about my chronic conditions before and it's just all getting too much. My boyfriend deserves better. He's the loveliest man in the world and he deserves nothing but the best in life. What can I give him? A girlfriend who is stuck in bed half the day, can't enjoy anything, struggles to leave the house if I don't have any alcohol (which doesn't help), can't give him children and can't be bothered to eat non-junk food? He's better than that. I think about him, and the crap he has to go through because of me, and I just cry.

I'm bitter that nobody even gives a shit (except my boyfriend) too. I go to the doctor's and ask for help, or diagnoses, and they're just like "dunno lol". I'm expected to function like everyone else, but I can't. I keep failing and it's shit. My brain has turned to mush as well. I used to be good at mental tasks. Not now. I don't know what's happened. I feel so stupid nowadays. It was the only thing I had going for me, and it's been taken away from me. Load of shit.

I don't feel anything now. It happens every year, at least. I don't know how many antidepressants I've been on. I've had years of therapy, CBT, God knows what. The doctors say they can refer me to the local mental health clinic but they always say it as if it's hopeless and like they're terrible. It's just... where's the way out? There isn't one, is there?