I don't know what to do anymore.How do I fix this? I feel like I have no control over my own life, my own emotions. I'm constantly fighting myself. There's these echos of people long out of my life telling me that I mean nothing, my life means nothing, that the world wants me gone, and that I should just give them what they want. Constantly echoing that no one could possibly love me, that I have no purpose. Why am I even here? Why do I even try?

I want to be somewhere else. I want to be doing something that matters. Something that doesn't stress me out, or hurt me. I want to enjoy life, but somehow everytime I start to do so, something happens. Someone tells me a secret that puts everything in a new, shittier perspective. Someone uses me and throws me away. I have a nightmare about things I would rather let die. I can't be emotionally unstable like this, because I have more important things to worry about. If I fail, I take down others with me at this point. 

And I can't leave. I want so bad to not be here anymore. I want some sort of human contact, a hug, a pat on the shoulder anything. But I recently lost a friend, who it turns out was never a friend to begin with. And some of the happiest moments in my life were poisoned by perspective. And it turns out that the person I loved never actually felt anything towards me at all. And I am sitting here, wishing I could quit all of this and do something else, be someone else, have a fresh start, but I can't because I've put too much into this already. I can't leave this with nothing to show for it but a broken mind. 

And the echos tell me that I am weak, so weak that I can't do anything. I can't leave or stay. I can't fix my relationships. I can't do well in school. Maybe I deserve to die.

And I yell back, "you're wrong". But what if they're not. They're never wrong about anything.  

So to sum up, I am alone, I hate myself, I can't do anything to help myself no matter how hard I try, I will amount to nothing because of all of this shit, and I feel like no matter what I do from here, All I can do is lose. 

I'm safe for now. I haven't got the will to do much of anything at the moment. But I'm afraid that soon I will, and if that happens before the morning, there are going to be some very unhappy people. The fact that I even consider these options makes me hate myself even more, because I know I'm going to hurt everyone. I'm struggling to survive, but I'm afraid that the ropes that I'm tangled in will somehow make their way around my neck, metaphorically speaking. Sort of. 

I need people to talk to now before I do something horrible. Please distract me, or something. 