I’m so lostHello, my name is Adam (16) and I’ve been struggling for years and I’m afraid. Through these past years thoughts of suicide, fear, anxiety I’m so close to my limit . I’ve been quiet for so long and I’m too scared to come out to my family about these feelings. About 3 years ago  losing my aunt triggered it all. Everyday feeling hopeless , lost, guilty, and remorseful over her and all the things I’ve done in my life,but thoughts like these with the little I’ve experienced in life? Only time I’ve revealed these feelings to my family is when I broke down where they saw my cuts. Watching them get so worried over something I portrayed as an average day made me feel absolutely dreadful. They later found out I was an attempt survivor from attempt OD(overdose from pills) and attempt hanging. All that happened was a blackout from the pills and I never went through with the noose because I’m still so afraid. During my first therapy I was diagnosed with severe depression, social anxiety, and a eating disorder.
I was later transferred to a fucken group therapy for some reason which made me feel more anxious. Eventually before my last session with a 1 on 1 therapy she showed me my results from a daily check up on my feelings(which was a 2 - step survey for me and my mom/dad )
Come to find out as I’ve been putting feeling horrible and afraid/anxious everyday , my mom has been doing I’ve been doing absolutely amazing with me described as “happiest she’s ever seen me, therapy has helped him” 
I eventually was put on Sertaline (anti anxiety or anti depression I’m sorry I forgot) but I never finished my first prescription nor ever found the right type of anti depressant because my mom thought I only wanted the drugs so she took me off my recommended pill schedule after ~3 week and stopped me from taking them. All this time I’ve been feeling worse afraid of the damage/ worry I’ve caused them even more. 
Now here with everything going on, I’m as afraid as I’ve ever been . I’ve relapsed on cutting and have developed severe insomnia . Day after day feeling more hopeless, worthless questioning why am I still here? What’s my motivation to move out of bed and keep going? I ask these to myself nearly every night almost having a break down everytime. 
Please Please Please someone.. anyone help me.
I’m so scared I might do something drastic, I’ve been shaped by fear and anxiety. Idk what to do anymore