I don't want to die. But I'd kill myself immediately if I was guaranteed I could wake up in someone else's shoes.Hm. I don't know where to start. Excuse the fact that this is a new account, I made it to post here for the sake of anonymity, and in other subs to express my struggles.

I suffer from. Numerous mental health issues. I have crippling psychotic episodes.  I'm Autistic. I have PTSD and trauma from childhood abuse that I'm convinced there's no undoing. It's not something I think I *can* undo. I have gender dysphoria, I do identify as a Trans woman and I live in a fairly intolerant and passive-aggressive household. I've been told I'm a narcissist, but I think that's inaccurate considering the fact I belittle myself and think nothing of my decisions that do end up having positive ramifications. 

I think those things define me. They are what make other people dislike me. Define me as awkward and intolerable. Are the reasons I am annoying. I just want to wake up, healthy, and well liked, with a good group of in person friends I can phone up if need be. Happy. A Job. A significant other. Family that isn't perfect but lets me express the way I kinda need to at this point, doesn't force me to hide my emotions. 

Without those things, it feels like suicide might teach the people who are so hellbent on labeling me as problematic and annoying without at all *thinking* about why I am the way I am, what their sorta. Inability to be patient with me has led to. I'm fucked. If people in the communities I go in and out of will always end up shitting on me for *being someone I expressly am trying to dissociate from and do not want to keep being* then I just don't see any other way. Again, I don't want to die. But maybe I need to. Maybe that's the only way. Even if one person who has cast me out and been shitty to me comes to my funeral and feels bad about it, it'll have been worth it. If one person can try to understand me for me, who I wanted to be, underneath it all. It will have been worth it.


I'm not normal. I'm not healthy. I'm tired of losing. Losing opportunities. Losing friends. Losing my passion for things and losing people. I don't know if I will ever have a chance to gain them back.


If I could change tomorrow I would. If I could be anyone else, I would. I don't have flaws that need to be ironed out. I am socially inept and don't know what the hell I'm doing when it comes to other people, and therefore people will naturally dislike me. It is unchangeable. It's a fucked cycle that's beyond hard to break out of. Even if I did fix myself, it would take years of effort, and it wouldn't be worth it because some people are just cruel and don't keep an open mind to me, or to anyone. I cannot win the people I've cared about back. I cannot force them to like me or to be friends with me. So, giving up on this whole life thing, even if I want to live happily and get to a better place, just seems fundamentally sound.



Fuck. I don't know. I wish there was more to say... but I think I got that all out there. Thank you to anyone who comments or reads through this. It means a lot if even one or two people relate. I'm just tired.