i don't even know what this post ishi, i don't really know what i'm going to say now, i'm just gonna write, with no planning beforehand.

also, i don't think trigger warnings are needed here, obviously, but, just in case: tw for self harm, death and kinda suicide mentions.

i don't really know if this is the place to post this, cause i don't want to die, i'm DEEPLY afraid of death, but i also really don't want to keep living. and i need to get this off my chest.

i'm tired. and i guess that i'm not even in a, like, HORRIBLE situation or anything. my family is nice, i have like 4 or 5 good friends, i have some stuff that makes me happy (like movies or games), but i'm just tired. i feel like i shouldn't feel bad, cause i'm in a pretty privileged position, but i do, i feel like shit. i just REALLY don't get what i do anything for.

i know FOR A FACT that i will never be who i want to be, i just know it, cause what i want to do doesn't match what my anxiety and shyness and fears LET me do. i basically can't talk to new people and i'm so afraid of what my future's going to be. i know that i can be smart, i know that i can get along with a lot of people, but all that just goes away whenever i talk to someone new. i just blank.

i'm also so angry at myself, i have always been a calm person, but lately i've been SO angry. cause how can i NOT be angry at the mess that i am, and i don't mean this in a "low self-esteem" thing, i mean this in a "i have done so many stupid things to myself" thing. i have messed up my future. i'm too lazy and too much of a procrastinator. all i doo is listen to music and lay down and cry and literally punch myself cause i just feel like i deserve to be punched.

i tried to kill myself like two years ago, i failed, and i'm glad i failed. but now i think about it and THEN i didn't really had reasons to do it, i mean: yes, i was feeling sad and i had my reasons, but NOW it's like the first time that i actually feel like there's no reason to live, my happiness doesn't feel real. i'm also literally just completely bored of life. help.

i'm sorry if this doesn't make sense, it's hard to word everything right at this moment, and also english is not my first language. thanks for reading, it means a lot&lt;3