A lot is going right, but I still hate myselfI accidentally deleted my original post I was writing here, which is probably for the best because it was even longer and more rambling than this one. Now that I got the original cathartic one out, I can focus.

I try to stay optimistic, but it's hard to stay in that mindset because I am constantly afraid and it never stops no matter what I do. It's gradually been made worse by the fact that my ex-best-friend of 13 years became increasingly abusive, especially toward the end, and I had to escape the living space we shared, but I realized I needed to leave her when I was 26 and I couldn't physically leave until I was 27 because of the lease. 13 years is almost half my life, so I'm trying to relearn how relationships are supposed to work, and I'm experiencing a lot of grief over the loss of what had long been my closest non-familial relationship. She emotionally tortured me and now I'm afraid of every close relationship in ways I've never experienced before. I keep getting the urge to run from everyone who loves me because she loved me.

I've been considering suicide for a lot of my life, and now that I live alone it's very feasible. It feels selfish and weird to be considering suicide right now, because so much is going right. I'm finally free from her, and my art is going well, and my job, while exhausting, is finally enough to pay for me to live alone. Yet, I can't escape the feeling that I'm trapped. I feel as though I'm broken.

I understand that there is evidence that I'm good and intelligent, but I can't stop feeling as though I'm a stupid failure idiot, and what good is evidence in this situation if I can't make my feelings match up to it no matter how hard I try?

My job is fine but it's exhausting. I try to be brave the whole time I'm there because I'm very frightened the whole time, and they all say I do a very good job at my work, but no matter how hard I work, I can never escape the feeling that I'll never be good enough at my job and I'll never be good enough for myself. I also can't stop feeling like they all hate me, even though there's no evidence to suggest this.

I'm ruined and broken and I don't belong anywhere. I'm trying to stay positive but it's hard when every time I feel happy I feel guilty for enjoying something.

I'm wondering if early 2020 would be a good time to end it. I'm in emotional agony. I don't belong anywhere. I'll never belong anywhere. All I can think is that I don't belong anywhere, even when I try to convince myself otherwise.

I keep going back and forth between trying to keep living, and coming up with a plan for how I'd kill myself. I think I know how I'd do it, and I think possibly February would be good because that way I wouldn't be sitting through a Valentine's Day where I'm scared the whole time of the close relationship with my boyfriend that Valentine's Day celebrates. Also it wouldn't be tax month yet so I wouldn't need to confront the 2020 edition of my being bad at doing taxes every year.

Anyway I'm falling asleep now, but I just needed to get this out first because in my day to day life I'm afraid to say I'm suicidal. I feel like I've been in this depressive episode for ages. I don't feel safe talking to my loved ones about it anymore. I hate myself and I'll never belong anywhere.