I can't live and I can't die. I don't know what to do anymore.I don't even know where to start. I hate almost everything about myself, and as a result I've put everyone before myself for my entire life. After I tried to kill myself when I was twelve (I'm almost nineteen now), I realized I'd deal with this for my entire life. So I started offering support for everyone around me, and I mean everyone. I put everyone else before myself, because in a weird way that was the only thing that took my mind off how much I fucking hate myself. I've talked down friends from suicide at least a dozen times over the years. I've had strangers at school come to me for help with their lives. And for awhile, I was somehow legitimately pleased with my life.

But then I went to college and everything fell apart. I am alone here. I support no one. I've tried to replicate what I did at home, but I can't. I have a bad stutter and only a few people will give me a chance. I've almost died here a few times, not really a suicide attempt, but not really an accident either. In September, I was having a bad night, so I got high as fuck out in the woods and almost fell into a river. Another time a few weeks later, I drank an entire bottle of codeine, not really caring what happened to me that night. My lips were blue, but somehow I did not die.

Now it's February. I was involved with a girl, a girl I really liked, but she broke it off last night. I'm still a virgin. I think all the girls I date are more attracted to how fucking nice I am than me as a whole. Sometimes I'd take that as a compliment, but with them it just acts as confirmation that I am one unattractive motherfucker, and my very low self esteem is right where it should be. When I make a move, they realize just how ugly I am, and they don't want anything to do with that. I don't blame them. If I were in their shoes, I'd do the same thing to me.

I want to die. It's not just the girl—killing yourself over a girl is dumb reason to die, in my opinion. It's that I know I've peaked. I don't have anything to offer this world. Maybe I'd make for a good therapist if it weren't for the fact I can't speak five words without stuttering. My life isn't going anywhere. No woman will ever want to marry me. No employer will ever want to hire me. High school was the best it will ever be for me.

But I can't die. If I died, the people who rely on my back home would fall apart. My best friend would certainly kill herself. My dad probably would too. I can be responsible for my death, but I could not do that to them.

I don't know what to do anymore.