So I'm trans.Yeah. I'm trans. A trans guy, specifically. So a lot of you are not gonna understand what the heck I'm going through right now, but whatever.

So here's some thoughts that have been rolling around in my head lately.

- I'm a freak of nature and will be for the rest of my life. I'll never be a real man. I'll have to take testosterone shots until the day I die, unless I want to get fucked up bone density/weird shit happening with my body. After the surgeries, I'll be Frankenstein's monster. Complete with scars. 

- My SO and I are pretty much sexless now. It happened before I came out as trans, by the way. He refuses to have sex except on his (extremely boring) terms. Once a week or less, always me on top, he's always quiet, no oral sex, nothing else. 15 mins tops for the whole act. No foreplay, a few kisses but no.......seducing? He just kisses a little bit and then goes straight for 'the goods'. Every time I try to initiate (I stopped..oh, around 5 months ago?) he rejects me. Some of you know the sting of rejection, I'm sure. It hurts.

- I was....last night, thinking about suicide. I couldn't really help but cry a little tiny bit, silently. Unfortunately my SO and I sleep in the same bed. He must've heard my breath hitch (it was ~1am) and huffed "ugh, really? Can't I just go to sleep? Can't you just stop, we'll talk about it in the morning....ugh." So yeah. That happened.

I'm reminded every day how I'm not the man I feel like I am. Disgusting things my body does. My back occasionally sore because of always wearing a binder. 

So I'm pretty sick of dealing with him (my SO). I'm gonna buy another bed and put it in a different room so that I can cry in fucking peace. I think a lot in the evenings about suicide. About how I would do it. About who would miss me (I used to think he - my SO - would, but....I don't even know anymore. My dad would miss me. My brother and sister. Not my mom though, hah, she hates me!). I think every day about how the more male I get, the more I drive away my partner and the more disgusted he becomes with me (he's straight.)

But the thing that really hits me is how easy it would be. Almost too easy. It's like....not to belittle anyone on here, but it's the easy way out. I don't believe in an afterlife, so I imagine it would be like going to sleep and never waking up. Just nothing. I wouldn't have to worry about anything anymore....wouldn't get told by my goddamn partner and parents and everyone **why are you so eager to start Testosterone, WHAT'S THE RUSH?**.....Something about the words "what's the rush" just bother me so so much. I'm holding back tears right now just thinking about those words. What's the rush? What's the rush?

No one understands.

Some days I just want to.....I just get so damn angry I want to rip this stupid meatsack off. Or something. I don't know. Lemme tell you Reddit, if sheer *anger* and willpower could change stuff, this would not be a problem. Some days I'm angry enough about it I feel like I could punch through a brick wall just with sheer force of pissed-off-ness.

I could just go. Not that many brokenhearted people left behind. Because Reddit, some days I just don't feel hopeful. Some days I just don't want to go fight the good fight, and struggle through life, and go and do all the things I do. Some days I just want to freaking *give up*.

Seriously though......Christ. I thought my partner would comfort me or something. But then the reaction I get is basically "STFU, I'm trying to sleep." Damn. I just had no idea that was how he thought about me. It just kinda hit me a little hard, ya know, Reddit? Yeah. And now he's acting all like nothing happened. Fine.