Concerned for a friend, need help soon.I buddy of mine has been having a really rough time this past year and a half. He lost his mom last year,  she was the only family member he kept contact with and the only one that loved him or he loved,  period,  no extended at all.  On the one year anniversary of his mom's death, his girlfriend of many years dumped him. Less than a month later he lost his job and his back up job. Due to this he's now lost the place he was staying. 

He's always been a morose guy and highly pessimistic as well.  Now he's been in a heavy downward spiral and we can't cheer him up at all.  All he posts or talks about is how devastated he is or how he's got nothing left that matters to him anymore. 

I've been keeping an eye on him and talking with him,  but haven't been overly concerned until today (as annoying as it is and as much as we joke about the classes,  while I was in the military we took tons of suicide prevention classes).  Yesterday he was talking about selling everything and living in his Jeep,  but today he text my girlfriend,  a long time friend of his and fellow art student/enthusiast and told her that she could have all his art supplies (probably thousands of dollars worth of stuff from his stidio). 

I know from training that losing interest in hobbies and giving things away is a late in the game sign of suicidal tendencies and he seemingly skipped all the stages between saying he had nothing left and where he is now. My problem is here,  we can't offer him a place to stay and the help he needs mentally.  We are also from a pretty small area,  Jacksonville,  Alabama and the services he needs might not be available.  I also am 75% certain he wouldn't go anyway.  What on earth can I do?  His negativity and defeatism are preventing any help I can offer.

TL:DR (Really? This is a serious matter,  please read.) 
 Friend skipped to the giving things away and loss of interest stage and is shutting down all avenues of help,  what can I do? 