I feel so disappointed and humiliated. I just want it all to end.I share an apartment with Liar *not his real name* for 2 years now. I was in a relationship with him, and when that didn't go right, I looked as him as my best friend. He was the closest person I had, and I felt like I always had someone to lean on.... domestic partnership, as you would. I invested a lot in him, giving him cheap accommodation.... who turned out to be screwing another girl in our house while I was in  hospital.

We were in a relationship, there were ups and there were downs, but generally, I was happy. He never hit me. He's never tried to steal my money. He's never really done anything except genuinely care for me during my emotional meltdowns. When we broke up, I was interested in getting better emotionally, and hopefully, one day, get back with him in the future.

As for the living arrangements, I paid 2/3 of rent, all the internet bills and electricity bills. I work hard to buy him expensive alcohol and gifts, things to spoil him. He did pay $100 for rent, and bought dinners while I bought lunch. Every other month, I'd take him shopping for clothes. I took good care of the people who took care of me. When we broke up, I was having a depressive episode, so I went back into hospital.

The living arrangements led me to paying that much more than him since I had very specific house rules... I do not like girls in the house, he is not to bring home any girls (ESPECIALLY SAID GIRL, let's call her B) and he is not to throw parties in the apartment to be considerate for our neighbours.

After we've broken up, I have never increased his rent, and he's continued to reassure me that he's never broken the house rules, that no girls were over, and that I am safe (I needed this rule to feel that my house was in control and safe). I trusted him with this. After my discharge from my one-month-long stay in hospital, I went back to my country of origin in South East Asia for a month. I came back in January for 3 weeks to work (for school fees, bills, rent) and I left again in February.

We still talked like normal, he'd still ask me for nudes, he'd still tell me I was the prettiest/sexiest. I thought it was going well, me taking a break for a year and finding myself once more, while he could enjoy being free from my emotional burden.

I flew back early to XXX from south east asia because during my time there, Liar expressed he wanted a new phone as his friends had damaged his. So I went out of my way, helped him buy a phone for a lower price, and spent hours unlocking the phone. I did this all willingly because I thought he was taking good care of our apartment, and I genuinely care about him.

I came home midnight on 21st, and to my horror, B (girl 100% banned from my apartment) was in the lounge room watching tv. Liar was stunned, and I was too shocked and hurt for words. Liar drove B home instantly, but came downstairs where I was cooling off to 'stall', presumably so B can pack her things. Liar assured this was a one time thing. He assured that they were not having sex, and they especially assured they were not dating. He said B has only been in the apartment 3 times, which I affirmed it was still 3 times too many.

Next morning I found yellow underwear on the floor and a black top. I decided to find out for myself.. so I went through his facebook- which was where I fucked up. It turns out Liar was living with me because there were "no good options" to move out.. Other quotes like "Good news! She's working 7 days a week now so you can come over." and "I found out she's leaving on the 22nd.. wanna come over?"

I feel so used. I feel so stupid. I feel so disgusted. I feel so worthless. I overdosed on my tranquillisers yesterday but they sent me home today after observation. I thought this was the guy that wouldn't screw me over... I had so much trust in him. I trusted him with my money, my house, my emotional state... my life. And he did this to me. I've messaged B with screen shots of what he's said to me... and confessed that we've had unsafe sex while I was in hospital in hopes that she would get herself checked... and see for herself that he isn't being loyal with her... only to be labelled as a psycho.

I'm so sorry for the rant... but I can't get it out of my head and I feel like I'm going to down another bottle with alcohol soon. I'm so sorry for ranting.. I'm so sorry I wrote so much people probably don't even give a shit...

I'm done with life... he wins..