Already chronically suicidal, just had all my suffering pain and existence invalidated by only support system. Help...Hey all I'm in a very weird place at the moment. I had to drop out of school and work a few months ago because my anxiety, depression, pill side-effects and severe chronic pain became too much to handle and I could no longer function. 

I'm talking no showers, no eating, sleeping all day and crying all day. Any past passion has been completely shattered, humor and self identify exhilarated. Everything from turning my body over in bed to sitting up hurts, it has been literally just surviving and suffering.

Thankfully a family member took me in, but it has been a complete struggle. 

I lay in bed all day every day in extreme physical and mental pain.  I have been trying to get my family member to try and understand what I'm going through. Isn't that what we all want here? Just to be understood and hugged and validated, is that so much to ask?????

She just doesn't get it. It's ironic though, she DEMANDS empathy and for me to understand her, but believes that I don't deserve it because human beings aren't 'equal' as she said. 

I just wanted her to see it's not all in my head and this wasn't my choice, that EVERY or MOST days my pain physical pain is a 6+ and I feel the emotional pain equivalent to your lover breaking your heart, your family or friend dying, the realization your family doesn't love you.

Everyday.

This is being suicidal, living the worst day of your life over and over again. People are supposed to support you in these times, and I get none. You literally need support to get better when suicidal, all I feel is worthlessness, uselessness, being a burden, feeling unloved. And most importantly, I feel so hurt and sad that someone could watch their family member struggle with suicide and pain and not try to help or understand. 

Most people will say 'I wish I knew she was suicidal so I could have helped'. She knew I'm suicidal and still did nothing. 