StrugglingI've been struggling a lot.
This isn't the first time I've felt suicidal and hopeless.

I feel like i have hit the point where trying to bring it to an end is the only option i have.
All my life i have been a mess, a fuck up as many would say.

I started this post to express the way i feel and how my life has been.I wanted to open up and talk I don't have the energy mentally to keep going.

EDIT: To the person that told me to type and let my mind loose. Thank you

EDIT:

I've been struggling a lot. This isn't the first time I've felt suicidal and hopeless.

I feel like i have hit the point where trying to bring it to an end is the only option i have. All my life i have been a mess, a fuck up as many would say.

I'd say most of it started when i was younger. I dont remember a lot of my childhood a lot of it is just blank but what i do remember is clear.

My Father was an abuse alcoholic. He beat on my mother for fun but as i was a child i couldn't do anything to help her. I had to witness it for years on end. As i got older it started to happen to me.
A few years later my mum moved us away from him (my younger sister remembers nothing which i'm happy about) She started her life over and met someone new.
He became my step-dad a few years later, so for maybe 4-5 years everything was great, my mum was happy, so was i.

They started to argue because of me and said i was the blame and everything that happened was all my fault and i was nothing but a waste of space and trouble.
About 14 i started to shut my self away from family and friends and ended up losing all my friends. Around the same time i was always sad, and having no one to talk i never really connected it to depression.
I was told "your sad because you lock your self away all the time." where really i locked my self away because of the way i was feeling but i wasn't always like that, sometimes i was over excited, happy, care free.

This went on for years and after a massive fight and argument, my mum told me,i was just like my dad and i should have been left with him to become a monster like he was and i was a massive mistake, then if it wasn't for my grandperants i would have never been born as i was evil spawn.
After years of being kicked out of home my aunty took my to a doctors as she believed there was more to the way i was feeling all the time.

After months of Drs, Therapists and so on, they said it was bi-polar. Which explained the mood swings and why i never really had a balance point between happy and sad.

I moved back home hoping this info would change things, stop the fights/arguments and hopefully they might understand I'm not being to way i am on purpose.
It changed for a while.
My meds got changed and things went backwards. I told the new Drs the meds ain't right they ain't working.
They basically point blank refused to put me on what i used to be on.

I ended up stopping all meds.

Since that day (which is now 7yrs plus) i managed to try and keep it under control by myself but I've gone to a worse state, worse than what i have ever been.

My good days are good. My bad days kill me. 
If i argue with my mum she tells me i was a mistake and life is better of without me and im not needed. Im a burden basicaly. 

I now spend so much time depressed its taken over me. 

I wake up most morning hoping it will be different or it will just end.
The pain of life its self, as that will ease the pain in my head.

Over the past few years the pain has got that bad, i've tried more than once to end it.
I've backed out a few times but the times i haven't, i felt peace and longing calm, only to wake up in hospital on drips and machines.

I always think about ending it and somedays the urge is more than others.

I never thought i would post this, or parts of my life

I never thought i would get a reply to my original post as it was vague and pathetic but someone messaged me and said that sometimes you just start writing and your mind lets loose.

So that is what I've done, and this is what i have. I've missed out many parts of my past but a lot of it is a repeat of its self.

