A note draftI’m sorry. I cannot account in words for the amount of sorrow for those involved that will have to had witness this. This event had been oncoming for a long time, simply put, I felt depressed. At least I thought I was depressed. There were so many days I could barely drag myself off the bed, so many times I always kept noise going, just to keep intrusive thoughts out of my head. Delving into expanding game worlds to just be someone else for a while. And now the closing away of everything, the refusal for me to ask for help, led up to this. This was a selfish action I chose to get escape from what I felt I would never be happy in. There is nothing, nor no one that I could say is solely the reason for it. It was of my own choice, and I wish for nothing to be hounded as as scapegoat for my truly horrific decision. To my friends, my dear friends, we may not have lasted forever as we had so hoped we would, but I hope that an impression that will stay of me is not of this cowardly act, but rather how I may have brought you joy. I know memories of me will fade as time goes on, and eventually I will cease to exist from even speech, as I made no major impact in this world, outside the sphere of my existence in the small unknown chunk of Connecticut and I’m okay with this. To my parents, I never wanted to put such a burden on you, I just could not handle anything more, you raised me to be strong but I have let you down again. I love you both very much and I wish to only do what I can to aid you past this point. As for myself, my own image, were never things I looked fondly at, frankly, I was disgusted each time I saw myself and I knew from trying, or lack there of, that I didn’t have the will and motivation to change anything about myself that such disgusted me. Who knows, maybe even I was just content being depressed and I just didn’t want what I thought was happiness enough. I then covered myself with tattoos of things I loved and admired in the hopes that one day they might make me see something I could love about myself. Once again, i can say, they did not. I felt no pull nor any craving for life in general. I felt as though I just existed, I didn’t live, and felt trapped in the day after day cycle of meaningless exchanges. Thank you all for giving part of what made the choice so hard for me, but ultimately, and unfortunately ,I chose how I did. My sincerest sorries to how I could not live long enough to hold up to expectations for those that saw something like potential in me. The sooner I am let go of, the sooner I am forgotten and the less the pain I cause by doing this. Thank you for being there, but I don’t think there was changing my mind on this, only delaying the inevitable. I tried many solutions, but just as anything else, the algorithm had one solution. It was first planned at maybe 16 that i made a pact to end it if I was unhappy by my 21st birthday, it is just now at 18 that I put into words what I thought were the most important things to say before it all ended. If it has gone beyond this point, I’m proud having made it longer than wanted, but just as saddened for having to have waited through more, only to have the same end result. There may be something wrong with my mind, or i could just be a delusional mess, creating a non-existent condition. Either of these I think would justify my inability to see true happiness even though it may have already been around me. I don’t even know what I’d define this true happiness as, but I just don’t think I’d reach it. It may be said I missed out on opportunities and experiences of life, but I don’t think I’d missed out on much, I really didn’t have a desire for children or family just as nothing seemed to really pull me for a career. Life just seemed so bleak. Thank you for reading and I’m sorry for the last time, for doing something for myself, only at the price of giving up everything.