I just can't take another moment of this anymore. Getting everything off my chest!!!!**First and foremost forgive any grammar issues, I just typed this all up and been crying ever since.**

Hello Reddit, please be kind and gentle and don't judge me. I need to vent, there is no TL;DR, so please stay with me. I am 440lbs US measurements, I am 5'11" and my BMI is 62. I have been obese since I was 5 years old, I found out I have very low thyroid, a non existent metabolism and my Dr said because my mom was over 600 lbs before and after me, plus my dad being obese and one of his sisters being over 700 lbs, genetics also play a role. I have PTSD, Severe social anxiety, Agoraphobia, OCD, ADHD, and I am working hard on trying to take care of this all.  I am on SSI/SSD I get $755 a month for my mental issues.

Now after the short introduction, here is my life story... 

i was hated by everyone in my family i never knew my dads side of my family till i was 23 so from 5 to 17 i had a step dad he raped and molested me daily age 5 to 8, once by an uncle at 7 from 7 to 11 by my cousin jennifer i was beaten daily till bleeding or my step dad got tired of hitting me from 5 to 17, no one believed me i was always a liar. everyone hated my real dad because he was a poor man who worked his ass off, my mom had a sister named jean, jean had a daughter teressa and teressa had 3 kids, john, julie and jennifer, jennifer and i were the same ages. my mom had an adopted daughter named debbie, debbie was mentally slow, she had a daughter named stacye who was a few years younger then me.
 
while i was being beaten raped molested punished daily for nothing, i was molesting stacye, because its all i knew. my moms sister jean would constantly call me a liar hit me slap me, when my birthday came around she got me nothing when johns, julies or jens came around she got them over a 100 gifts
 
my mom always told me i was a mistake from age 7 and up. told me she just wanted to be pregnant give birth thats it. she didnt care what her second husband didas long as she had someone. at 18 i caught my step dad and my moms uncle in bed, i told everyone at dinner that night. he threw hot coffee in my face i went pitch black, i saw nothing next thing i knew i was in jail, the story is he threw hot coffee in my face i grabbed a knife and went to stab him
 
my mom said glen jeans husband got between us and stopped me. i was on probation for 6 months and had a 3000 dollar fine. while on probation i had to call in everyday my step dad hid the phone from me so i wouldnt be able to call in so i had to walk 15 miles to a pay phone and 15 miles back every day. after probation i ran away was homeless. living on the streets eating out of dumpsters trash cans, walking 60 miles for 8 days had blisters the size of baseballs on my heels of my feet. 

i was even having to drink my own urine at times just to have something to drink. i would bounce from julies place to johns house to jenn and treassas place. they would let me stay a week after i paid some bills in exchange for staying there they would kick me out. this went on for years. at 23 i found my real dad he was sick, of liver failure i watched him die in my arms. his sister who im renting a room from  now wouldnt let me stay at the time with her.

so i was homeless again, i grew up watching my mom trying to kill herself. she would spend days in hospitals in icu and stuff, so from age 8 on up her trying to kill herself was no big deal. i tried kiling myself when i was 9 yrs old by drinking bleach, so suicide was no big thing in my family even my cousins was trying off and on
 
finally when i was 25 i called to check on my mom 4 days go by nothing from her i send the polkice to her place, they go in tell me shes dead. left a note saying she cant take being single and alone anymore. fyi, my step dad left my mom for her uncle after i left home and became homeless. 
 
when i was 18, i was talking to this homeless guy and he said he couldnt take being homeless anymore the real struggles that go with it. he pulled a gun out shot himself right next to me, then i witnessed another homeless guy over dose, a week after that. when i was 24 staying with jennifer and treassa jenn killed herself by cutting her wrist she bled out in my arms while we waited for the police.
 
while i was homeless i was walking the streets one night down a highway it was empty except i seen this car on fire with kids screaming bloody murder begging god to help them, they were burning alive i couldn't get anywhere near the car, i walked as fast as i could 2 miles the opposite way ie the way i just came to get to a payphone to call 911, by the time the fire dept showed up there was 3 dead people in the car the person in the front and the two kids
 
at 29 i moved in with my aunt my dads sister, paying her 300 a month in rent, i tried from 29 to 34 to get my GED i was walking 6 miles a day 5 days a week to study for my GED. i failed the test every time i took it for 4 years
 
i been trying to save for a car the past few years but things come up. where i have to use my savings to buy food or meds or something else, i bought a car 8 months ago got scammed out of 2 thousand dollars the car turned out to be a clunker had a busted engine, the dealer hid from me. so i was out 2000 and trying to save again as of now i have 300 saved. i get 755 a month, trying to save for a car. 

past 7 years of trying to date, I have been told I don't deserve a relationship, I am trash, I am ugly, no woman would ever want me, I am nothing, I could never pleasure a woman, Told I need to end my life. Or I have been catfished, lead on like they wanted me then would fake their death on me after leading me on for months, or call me having sex with someone, or they would disappear then show up months later stalking and harassing me. I mostly get rejected over my weight and treated like I am not a human. As if I have no feelings and I don't matter. 

I am just exhausted from it all and tired of being alone and having no support but myself, I am tired of not having anyone there to have my back or love me or just to cuddle me and tell me it will be okay. I have no one to give me a reason or purpose to keep fighting or keep going. I have no one. I am just so tired of going to bed worried if this is it and I may die in my sleep and won't wake up tomorrow and will never be able to have had a chance at a real relationship and real love, then when I do wake up, I end up waking up crying because no one is next to me, and at the end of the day, I keep pulling through and making it through the day for what, just for me to be alone, by myself. 
 