Just a pathetic vent because I'm tired of it all and I have nobody to talk toMore than ever, I'm feeling very disconnected from the world. 

I've been suicidal for many years now, I remember that when I was about 7 or 8, after my parents explained to me how babies were made, I often found myself thinking "why couldn't another sperm cell become a baby in my place?" (it may seem unrealistic but my parents really explained it to me in a very scientifical way haha)  
That was a very soft version of not wanting to live, I think. Now I'm almost 21 and I really want to end it. The thing is: I'm a little pathetic coward and I know I'll probably never do it, and that's what makes me hate myself even more. I do have some people one may call "friends" but yesterday night I realized  I never really "connected" with anyone, I suck at making people open up with me, I'm not reliable, I'm a joke to everyone and no one has ever really shared his intimate thoughts with me like I do. I often end up oversharing my shit, which eventually leds to people getting tired of me being depressed and suicidal. Even if everyone always made me think that self harm is pathetic, lately I've started to cut myself again or to punch walls, I sometimes feel so sad that I get angry with myself. And I feel like I shouldn't be doing this, it is riddicolous at my age probably, but sometimes I just feel the need to do so. Probably this post is pathetic too, I mean, I'm probably not gonna commit suicide so what is the point? My family makes everything worse because they think mental illnesses don't exist and they even make fun of me for saying I want to die, they think that since I have a roof, food and access to education I don't have a reason to be like that. I really have no one I can talk to, I'm completely cut off from the other; and if someone tells me "you can talk to me" I know that is just a circumstance phrase so I just don't, I tried many times but it just doesn't work. I have mental breakdowns everyday now, I waste all of my time feeling sad and this unproductiveness is making me hate myself even more. Probably it is better like this, so I may find the courage to end this shit once for all.