My depression story and plea for aid.I haven't done anything this public anytime before, always talked about these things only with good friends and tried not to say them aloud. Tried to pretend all is okay. 

But the truth is, I just want to stop living and commit a suicide. But I won't and I cannot figure out how to live on without suffering every day.

I am 28. I would say I am an intelligent and educated person. I mean, I used to be an interpreter and I still speak three languages, then I was forced due to low earnings to switch jobs and despite never being a programmer nor understanding programming at the beginning, I became a tester who is now capable of writing automatization tests (learned on my own), with a pretty good rate of discovering bugs too (plus as a female, I survive in like 95% male field, but to be honest, I don't mind that much, I might even prefer it and get along with my guys). I earn enough to live on my own (parents live far from bigger city that provides my sort of work, so I had to move closer), to support myself and lately even save some money. I have parents who love me. Sounds peachy, right? Yeah...

I am also depressed. I fight it however I can, therapists and psychologists never helped, despite trying my best to "help them help me". They never managed to, though. Believe me, I tried to let them help me. I tried to help myself too, absolutely any way I could think of or could google. Nothing ever worked for long time.  I take mild antidepressives, prescribed to me because I started gaining weight and having bouts of devouring everything around, partially due to corticoids I had to take due to my worsened asthma, that was like two years ago. 

I think I know the source of my unhappiness. I have a thing regarding being rejected. Began when I was a little pipsqueak, some not exactly pretty bullying, but that's story for another day. I cannot stand being ignored when I'm trying not to be and being rejected. I'm still an intelligent and well-behaved person, so I take it in stride in public and joke when it happens, I even try to understand the people. Remember the 'coids from last paragraph? Yeah. If you know something about them, you can probably guess that I'm very fat. Not yet american-level "cannot-move" obesity, but I am pretty fat. This is not anorectic blahblah - I'm a little bit over 160cm tall and weigh... god this is awkward. I weigh 120 kilo. Crap, it sounds serious. But there, I said it (and I'm not going to delete it). I live in Europe and this kind of weight is seen pretty morbid in here. 

You can probably imagine that my weight makes men not view me as a relationship material much. I cannot exactly dress awesomely either, not much fits. And that is the core of my problem. I always knew I was a "pair-person". It was always simply the fact of my life. I always inclined to having that one person and then couple of friends that I liked, but that were outside "my circle", so to say. I require a man, to be with me. I had couple of relationships, but they all fell apart in time. They weren't short ones (1 year - 5 years - 6 months - 1 year), as I said, I am a pair person and that means my natural habitat is in a relationship. I bloom, I was told I become a sun and shine bright. And I can take on anything, even on this nasty bit of business called depression. I just find joy and suddenly, I can \_live\_. I have many hobbies and I do a lot of stuff, but when I'm single way too long (to give you an idea, it has been 2 years since I've been single, not to mention without sex which is very important thing for me. And these two years have been full of hardships and problems), depression creeps in and I just... lose interest. Last three months, when I'm not at work, I mostly sleep. Or read. Or play games. Or do whatever else I usually do. But it's mechanic and I prefer to sleep, to be "dead" just for a little while. Last month or so, I don't even want to meet up with any of my friends. I prefer to be alone. I'm ashamed of myself, of how I look and I'm very fragile now, and I'm terrified that they would judge me or say something nasty and that is not something... I would deal with at this moment. So I don't meet anyone. I go to work, I come home and... do something utterly useless, then go to work next day. On weekends, I sleep like 60% of those two days, don't go out in the meantime. 

Maybe you ask why I don't do anything about my weight. 

1) I hate exercise and movement. It hurts and the "endorphins are flowing"? Never happened to me. Six years ago I frequented gym for a year and actually became rather buff and good-looking. Then pneumonia came, I had to be stuffed with 'coids and all went to shit. The point is though, I know what exercise does to me and I know I hate it even long-term.

2) Diets. I survive and keep sleep at bay only with energy drinks (I despise coffee, hate it). Without them, I can't concentrate at work, I'm just too tired and I'm nasty to others and careless, not something a tester should be. Liter per day of that shit. Guarana tablets do not work. Coffeine tablets do not work. Coffeine gums, neither. On top of that, I have awful cravings for sweet stuff. It's a problem.

3) The reasons before are real, but they could theoretically be defeated. If it weren't for a damn deeply-ingrained spite against the nowadays' society's penchant for judging people based on their appearance. Society wants you to be sporty, thin, beautiful. Otherwise you're not worth anything. It makes me incredibly angry, spiteful, depressed and sad and it just awakens a tendency in me to revolt. To force people to accept me as I am. To not intentionally diet and exercise to lose weight. It's a little piece of shit, this thing, pardon my french, and it makes me a weak piece of shit too.

I'm exhausted from fighting. Fighting tiredness, fighting being fat, fighting bitterness from being alone. Fighting to wake up every morning, fighting to smile, fighting to be seen as alive, fighting to joke around and laugh to not worsen the loneliness. I want to die. But I can't. Remember the loving parents I mentioned in the beginning? I had suicidal thoughts since I was like 12. And at 14 I decided that as long as my parents are live, I. Will. Not. Commit. A. Suicide. They love me a huge lot and it would cause them endless suffering if their daughter died and these two people, they just don't deserve that. 

Whoever reads this, if anybody reads this... Please, help. Help me somehow. Tell me how to gain a bit of respite. Tell me how to do something better. What to try. Tell me about ways you know, maybe at least one of them might provide a momentary relief from incessant headaches and suffering and allow me to regain some strength. If I am forbidden to die, then I at least need a break from suffering. Last three months have been so exhausting and torturous that it's just a question of when I will collapse from this crippling loneliness and anxiety and not go to job one day, starting another even more miserable spiral downward that might just force me to do the thing I forbid myself to do. Just because I'm fat doesn't mean I'm not a person who doesn't deserve love... I'm a person who is difficult to help, I know. But I still ask for at least... recognition? Effort for advise? I really don't expect anything.