Life just feels like a literal dreamYou can skip over the first paragraph of you really want to.

For some quick background info, I am 15 and have attempted suicide twice before. On June 26, 2015, I tried to strangle myself with a belt. I I couldn't tie a good knot though. On September 2 of this year, I tried to run about half a mile away from my parents while on a trip to Niagara Falls in order to jump off. Never could bring myself to do it, though. I refused to jump because I would never be able to give my parents closure about my death.

Anyways, I have some questions to ask. 

Have you ever felt like you don't actually exist? That you've already experienced death? That it just doesn't add up for you to be able to stand here?

Do you feel that you're just someone else's memory of you; a living ghost chained to the earth by the grips of other people's minds and memories? 

A being that no longer progresses or changes in thought? 

And, for whatever reason, do you ever wonder if you are really feeling rain on your face when you step outside in stormy weather?

Do you ever feel like you are the only thing that does exist? That the world is just a creation of your own memories and imagination? 

I guess I do. But only sometimes. I don't know what the point of telling someone who may or may not be real is, but it doesn't matter.

Did I actually jump off of Niagara, or is this actually still reality? Is this what the afterlife is like? Just... the same thing?

I just want to be free. I want to live in my own world of childlike wonder and imaginative creation. But I'll never have it. I can write about fantastical worlds, but I cannot live in them. I just want to die so that I can be free of this pain. Is this world really real, though? 

Time will tell, I suppose. If this world is real, then I will go back to death's door and I will open it. Only then will the pain be over. Maybe I'll even be able to dream. I don't think so, though. I don't deserve to be happy because of what I think and the fact that a stranger I saw is probably dead due to my lack of intervention. 

Apologies for the bad sentence structure.