After the worst year of my life, I’m just about over the edgeMy life has been chaos from the moment I was born and every time I think I hit rock bottom, things just keep getting worse.

My estranged birth mother killed herself
on my birthday this year and I have an overwhelming sense of guilt for never reconnecting with her in my whole adult life. I always thought about it but i never felt ready. I never thought she’d just be gone. I was her only family and going through her apartment was brutal. I hadn’t seen her since I was three and I was always very cold when she tried to converse with me online or otherwise, but she never forgot me. I wish I got her side of the story. 

But besides that, this year has been the worst of my life. It seems like storm after storm keeps coming at me and the more life I live, the more shame and guilt I feel about all of my actions as an adult woman. 

I’ve been reckless with my sexual habits, resulting in having HPV with my previous partner that evolved into pre-cancerous cells in my cervix, I had to have the LEEP procedure to have those cells removed with no guarantee they won’t grow back and being exposed to the herpes virus. I haven’t had any symptoms but I know it’s in my body. 

I did a lot of drugs, that has resulted in deep shame and regret. I also have permanent anxiety now due to the amount of stimulants and alcohol I’ve dumped into my body. I got a DUI / hit and run on my bachelorette party “evening” which has been expensive and a pain in the ass. I can’t even make eye contact with old friends of mine anymore because I feel so ashamed of my past. 

I’m bisexual and have completely deprived myself of ever experiencing a romantic relationship with a woman (besides purely physical) before settling down and getting married and part of me has a deep dread about that. I’ve always preferred men in romantic situations but I’m disappointed I never gave it a whole-hearted shot. Especially since I tend to lean toward damaged men. I love my husband to death but it’s still a regret of mine, one place where I wish I had been selfish. 

I’ve abandoned or screwed over anyone that’s ever been important to me in some way or another due to my own abandonment issues I have from my childhood. I have OCD which heavily revolves around being abandoned. My compulsions drive me insane to the point where I sit in the fetal position and just tell myself how much I hate myself because of it. They aren’t even that bad of compulsions but I get so sensitive to myself. 

Besides the mental issues, I was 2 months premature and was born with my intestines on the outside of my body due to my mom’s drug and alcohol use while she was pregnant and I have many physical health complications that come with it. I’m nauseas all day every day likely due to scar tissue in my stomach. I have insane migraines where I’d rather die than endure them for 10 minutes. And more. It’s hard to live a normal life with the mental and physical stuff that’s happening to me 24/7. 

I’ve been to therapy. Counseling. Whatever. It never really helps much. I get in the office and I’m this happy cheery optimistic freak who loves her life and then sobs hysterically the whole ride home. What’s wrong with me? I talk to friends about it and most of them don’t like talking about it much, especially in detail. They get it and can relate but still makes them uncomfortable to talk about. I have my husband to talk to about anything, he’s a great person to bounce this shit off of but then I feel more guilty and more like a burden. I’ve fucked his life up enough as it is. 

I have made so many plans to kill myself. I always imagine a car accident. Or a gun. I’m glad I don’t own a gun. And lost my license because of the DUI. I’ve called and texted the emergency hotlines. Nothing really makes me feel better, though. I try to reach out. I try to talk about it. But nothing does the trick. I day dream about the long, dark silence that is death. Why should I be alive? Why did my mom not abort me like she should have? I wish she had. Life is cruel. If I didn’t have my pets and husband, I’d pack a bag and see how long I could survive in the woods with a tent and backpack. 

Thanks for letting me vent. I could write a whole fucking novel about all the fucked up stuff that had happened to me but I chose to limit it to this year’s struggles alone. Maybe I should write a novel. Maybe someone will make it a movie and I can get rich before building the nerve to kill myself. 