Girlfriend broke up with me.  I feel like my life is falling apart.I'm 22 years old and she was my first girlfriend.  I've always been kind of shy and I keep to myself a lot so it's hard for me to meet new people.  I met her through a friend at a party and we were attracted to each other instantly.  I really, really liked her.  She was the cutest girl I've ever seen.  I loved everything about her personality and even when she did things to annoy me, I could never feel anger or any negativity towards her.

The past few weeks I've been noticing that she's been seeming more distant and yesterday I asked her about it.  She said that she liked me when we first started dating but after a while she just got tired of waiting for me to open up to her.  She said that she just didn't like me in that way anymore because I couldn't open up to her enough.  I feel like she's right about that because I keep a lot of things to myself.  If I feel sad or angry about something, I don't show it because I don't want to seem like a negative person.  I've also had a really hard time getting close to people because I can't connect with them that well and I'm kind of a shy person.

Now that she's gone, I'm starting to realize all of the holes that she filled.  I didn't do a good job of maintaining friendships and I only have a few close friends, but almost all of them are graduating college and leaving.  I feel like I have no one to talk to anymore.  The past few weeks I've just been coming home from school after classes and trying to study and trying to do homework but I just ended up not being able to concentrate because I could sense that our relationship was ending.  I'm falling behind in my classes and I haven't been looking for jobs and whenever I have a chance to breathe, I just find myself reminiscing about the times when we were together.  I just can't keep my mind off of it.  If something good happens, I feel happiness for an instant, and then I realize that she's not with me anymore and that happiness fades.

At this point, I just feel like my life has no meaning.  I have no girlfriend, no friends, I'm doing poorly in my classes, I have no job, and anything that has been good in my life is overshadowed by all of the shit.  I feel like most people will tell me to just move on and find a new girl or friends, but I just can't.  I'm too scared of putting myself out there and I'm too shy to start talking to random people.

I don't think I'm suicidal, but I just feel no more will to live.  If I die today, I really wouldn't care.

I don't know what to do and I really don't know what anyone can do to help me.

Thank you for reading this.