Feeling abandoned after an attempt.Not entirely sure if this is the place to post this, but here we are. On the 23rd of November 2019, I attempted suicide via overdose on the rooftop of my apartment. Earlier that day my two roommates and I had a discussion to see how we were all feeling about the general tone of the apartment. In the month previous, I had finally run out of money and was unable to make rent. I had solved that problem by taking a job I hated and working the graveyard shift. For context, I had recently moved to that city and was unable to find employment at all. They're both full-time students at the local college, and both work an additional \~10 hours a week at internships, in one of their cases, his grandparents pay his rent and tuition. In this period of unemployment, I agreed to take on the majority of the housework, but as soon as I started working till 3:00 A.M. every day I became less and less reliable and willing to do my assigned duties. Our discussion about the tone of the apartment turned quickly into a "One of us has to move out" type discussion and they both agreed it should be me. I was given a month to find new housing. I discovered later that this was a decision they had agreed on previously, which shouldn't have surprised me as much as it did because I had woken up to them talking unkindly about me on a couple of occasions. As it stands, I got low and didn't see an out so I waited till they left for something, went to the rooftop of my apartment, and over the course of an hour downed an entire bottle of high strength Tylenol and 3 beers. A fair few folks called and texted me attempted to locate me, and I am happy they did, but I didn't respond. I called the suicide hotline after I took the pills so I could hear a friendly voice before passing out. I woke up later in the ambulance and spent 3 days in the ICU. I texted folks to let them know I'm ok a few days later. Everyone was glad I was alright, but after that, absolutely no one has attempted contact with me. Am I justified in feeling abandoned and that it might not have had that much impact if I hadn't wound up in that ambulance? Thanks for reading.