AITA for calling the cops on my suicidal friend to ensure her safety?Before you get all jumpy, let me clarify: I couldn't post on AITA because they don't tolerate suicide posts. My friend is female, lives 10,000 miles from me (she is across country), and WAS in a huge emotionally uncomfortable state (She is a lot better now). At the time, her parents didn't even care and thought that it was only for attention. So, there was no way I could help her, other then typing to her through an app called Discord. One day, she starts typing weird, saying a bunch of goodbyes for no reason, and they're scaring me because at the time, she was suicide-prone. Now, I will have to admit something. Before all of this, I wanted to know where she lived, and so I chat with another one of her close friends. He gives me some of the details, her name, and address. However, we didn't know her county. I eventually found it, and found her exact house via Google Maps. So, I called the police and said her name and address about her probably having a suicide attempt. When they get there, She is texting to me that the cops are there. Moments later, I get a call from one of the officers. He says that everything is all okay, and thanked me for the call. He was in empathy with me because he knew I was scared. I said thank you, and continued with the messages with her. She then proceeds to rip me a new one, saying she never cried so much in her life. I tell her that she scared me with the messages and I wanted to know her intentions, because apparently, I took it the complete wrong way. She tells me to fuck off, and has blocked me on Discord. Fast-forward to 3 months later. I write a super-sorry message (to the other friend, then yo her) saying I was sorry for the huge misunderstanding, how I should have asked what she meant by her messages, etc. She accepted the apology, but still wont forget about that night.  


With all of this being said, I have 2 questions. 1. AITA? And 2. How can I improve my relationship with her?