I just want to tell my story. I bit of more than I could chew.This is a throwaway for starters. 

I just need to be honest with myself and everyone else. This is the darkest my life has ever been. I'm not sure what to say about myself. I'm absolutely disgusted. 

I flunked out of college. I had been on Academic probation during the fall semester. My grades where absolute shit. Never have I failed anything until this year. It is my fault. I put forth no effort, skipped homeworks, did poorly on quizzes, didn't seek help. I needed to get my GPA up to a 2.0 but failed to do so and was suspended. My mom told me to come home and take community college classes and decide where to go from there. She doesn't know that I attempted suicide twice while at school. However, I agreed to go home and get help. I'll be leaving this weekend. It's for the best. I haven't been happy since I got here. I'm not proud of this and I feel like a failure. Since my first ever semester, every part of my life has been shit. Nothing went right at all and now it's all boiled over. I've lost friends, a long-term boyfriend, sight on my goals. I became unmotivated. I hadn't declared a major and hated what I was trying to do to make it look like I wasn't wasting my parents time,my time, or money. I couldn't find the happiness in doing what I was doing. I've put my mother in debt and for this I want to kill myself even more. I wish I had succeeded the first time. I'm an awful person who bit off more than they could chew.

My mother called me tonight and her and my father are now thinking about getting a divorce. He's blamed my mom for my sister and I being a fuck up and told her that she's a horrible mother. She's not, she's really not. My father has no involvement in my life. He leaves everything to my mom and then has the nerve to critique whatever she does or doesn't do. She is a teacher so she works full time. She comes home, takes care of my sister with severe behavior issues and my other sister who is mentally handicapped and 25 years old. He doesn't help at all. This adds to everything...on top of that, my father is physically, verbally, and emotionally abusive. He's beaten my mother in front of me growing up, broken her nose, belittled her. He treats my sisters and I like shit. He thinks i'm crazy when I'm really just sad...I'm fucking sad...why does this make me crazy? how?

I feel like I've caused all of this. I've never ever had this much on my plate before...this is too much for me to handle. I've finally hit rock bottom. I smoke too much now and drink until I am violently ill. I just don't want to feel this pain anymore. I'm learning to be honest with myself and the honest truth is I hate whoever the hell I'm supposed to be...I hate this person. They don't deserve to live.