Cute girlI just came back from getting groceries at the supermarket. While I was there I noticed a girl noticing me. This is not uncommon, I'm tall and fit looking and have had enough confirmation to know that I look attractive, so I get stares quite often when I'm in public. Sounds like I've got a good thing going right.. The problem is that I'm having one of those days where I absolutely hate myself and my life. I'm 24 and I've been struggling with depression for almost a decade, and it has grown so much worse as time progressed. It's become a part of me that I'm not able to shake and I feel it has stained my mind beyond rehabilitation. Anyway, this cute girl came up after me while I was standing in line to pay for the groceries. It was busy so I left a gap in the line so people could pass through. She asked me if I was waiting to check out and if I go to her university because I looked familiar. I think that was a lie and just a general set up for a conversation. We talked a bit and as soon as I noticed that she started flirting anxiety kicked in and all I could think was how miserable I am and that I should just end my pretend life. I'm usually miserable but have become very adapt at not letting it show. My friends and family know I'm miserable, they just don't care enough to say anything about it. I'm also really bad at talking about the rough stuff, so we just keep on keeping on. Poker faces and fake smiles. We talked for a bit and when she asked me for my number I blew her off, told her I had a girlfriend, which is a blatant lie. She's not the first girl I blew off because I'm miserable, there have been many others over the years. I even blew off the girl who I still think was my soulmate, someone I loved at first sight. I've been single for about 3 years and have had every opportunity not to be. I think I'm scared of happiness. I don't think I'm worth being loved. I sabotage myself at every turn in my life, probably just so I have something to feel shitty about because that's a feeling that I identify with. People say I'm young and still have so much to live for, but inside I feel old and like I'm at the end of my ride. I often wake up in the morning and the first thing my mind goes to is this insane urge to end my life. My mind has been rotting and life just keeps getting darker and more grim.