Want it to be overHi, I'm 22 and this is me first time actually trying to post things like that or even let anyone know about it. My problem is that I'm a failure and a burden for my family and others. I am a very weak person, I always avoid conflicts or problems and don't really have a personality to get over it.  Don't honestly know why I'm posting this because it's just stupid, maybe just needed to share it with someone. So, I've been trying to end my life since around 11-12 years because I felt out of place all the time, but every time thoughts of my mom going through the consequences of that would stop me. Before I continue, a bit about my family: I have a very supportive family who paid for my education, helped me to move, never had any financial issues in life or anything like that. Currently, I have a good life with good opportunities, but it still doesn't change a thing for me. So, in order to keep it going I've been looking years for something to do in life. And I feel like I found it and have been dedicating myself 100% to it for months, but I just can't get any improvements or progress. I keep failing even tho I spend whole days(10+ hours a day for 3 consecutive months) trying to get better at it, and I love doing but failures just don't stop. I also have years of past experience of something very similar which helped not to be a complete failure And after 3 months I can't stand it anymore. I'd been trying many things before and failed at them too, but I thought it was due to lack of interest in them and me not trying hard enough. Guess I was wrong and the problem is me being totally worthless human waste. And on top of that, all that my family did for me makes me feel even worse because it's been basically wasted for nothing. So, I just don't want them to waste more on me, and I just want to end my pathetic life because I simply can't achieve anything or become a worthy human being.  The only thing that stops me is my mom. I just need a way to get over these thoughts, and finally end this. 