Help me gather my thoughts (long read)Death is a nasty, inescapable, inevitable event that everyone experiences once in their life; some sooner than others. Death comes whether you're ready for it or not. Not everyone is ready for death. Some are young, some old, some have never learned to speak and some wish that they never had the chance. 
 
Suicide and depression is a force that takes complete control over your body, your mind....your life. No one has the correct words or actions to fix everyone (or anyone). Depression is not something that can be fixed. Death is not something that can be prevented. Suicide is hard, it's hard on everyone, it's a domino effect. The worst part in trying to help is knowing that as much as you want to try to take the pain away and make everything better...you can only offer your help, love and support. In some cases, this is not enough. I don't know why im writing this post. Maybe because i feel defensiveness and useless. I'm not writing it because I know a secret trick to help. I don't know anything. 

It's hard seeing the ones you love go through pain and being unable to help. The pain does not leave this earth when someone decides to take their own life. The pain stays on this earth and it grows bigger and stronger and gets passed along to loved ones. It creates a domino effect. Everyone constantly asking "why?" "What else could I have done to prevent this?" That pain travels. It eats your friends and family alive until it eventually gets strong enough to bring someone else to the very same point. This is a selfish view point though, which makes me feel even more guilt. Why should I dictate someone else's life because I don't want to feel pain myself? How selfish of me? I want to support whatever decision my friends make...but at what cost?!? How do you tell someone to continue living their unhappy life only for the purpose of keeping others at ease. That's selfish. But taking your life is selfish too. 

Everyone says "things will get better" but no one knows for sure if it will. I guess suicide prevents you from ever finding out though. The people who need the most help are the least willing to get it. They have the least access to it. They have the least motivation to try. You want to help them so bad but you know that maybe getting them help, contacting their family, even calling the police would bring more attention to their situation and maybe make matters worse for them. But not doing anything at all is 100% not going to help. 

I guess what I'm trying to say is.. does anyone have the answer? Can someone please offer me insight. I can't take feeling this helpless and useless the feeling of if maybe you just did one thing differently that the person you miss so dearly could still be here today.. for a little bit longer. I want to fix things I know I can not fix. Is there something that helps? Is there a turning point? How do I reassure the people I care about? How do I help... 

I know death comes one way or another, and it hurts every single time
 But it hurts more knowing that someone you love went before their time was really up.