My problem seems so petty, but there is only one way out. (long life story involved)My parents never saved for college; they've never stepped into an institution higher than a community college. My mother took five years to complete high school after living with her drug addict boyfriend (creating my half-sister in the process) and my father dropped out to work jobs to help my grandmother with crippling debt after his dad divorced her to start a family with another woman, then had to join the Marines afterwards to get any kind of job opportunity.

When I was five, he got honorably discharged from the Marines and became a police officer. He worked nights and everything was ok except for my older sister being treated like shit by him (she has wanted to die since she was five years old and he became a constant figure in his life by marrying my mom).

Then we moved to Texas (where my parents were born) and he joined a unit where he worked long hours at night. When he was home he fought with mom, but only verbal and emotional abuse was ever had. In my last year of elementary school, he allegedly cheated on my mom with a girl from El Paso... My mom told me and my older sister everything. I heard my mom cry at night. Nothing in the world seemed right.

Middle school. I was made fun of for having stupid hair and no sense of fashion, and having slightly crooked teeth up top that somehow never warranted braces from the dentist. I fell in love in 7th grade (after having sworn off of love) but he crushed me after a year of dating. Dad continued to be a presence of fear and hatred--he started punching holes in doors and then apologizing to my mother. My parents had a third child when I was 12 and I feel no real emotional connection to her because I feel like I was too old to really want a sibling anymore. I resented her because I had to take care of her all of the time because my dad kept wanting to go to sleep in the daytime and my mom didn't come home til 6 in the evening. My grades tanked because I felt like nobody cared since it was too stupid of a problem to complain about my depression. I only told my middle school counselor the brunt of this story; the most she ever offered was to go to college very far away.

I played World of Warcraft in 8th grade and met a guy a year older than me who lives in MA. (I've already checked his identity and he completely checks out, please don't judge me like others constantly do IRL...) We were friends. Then in freshman year of high school, I hit a depressional low because I couldn't march in the school marching band due to my height (I'm only 4'10 and was probably an inch or two lower then). I still wasn't getting good sleep at night because my mom refused to take me to a doctor for sleep disorder check-up.

Then I discovered I loved writing. Sophomore year, I tried a little better but failed a six weeks of Pre-AP Geometry (I've never taken a six weeks of math ever again). I finished that year with a 3.0 when all of my other classmates in Pre-AP classes were sporting 4.0s and talking to each other how Pre-AP Chemistry was soooo hard when I only had two Pre-AP classes (English, History) and I kind of tanked both of them my freshman and sophomore years with a low B, high C. I just stopped caring about the grades and more about the escapes I could get a hold of. Nobody told me I could write a story and get published in a magazine somewhere at age 16; the most parental interaction I got at that age was my dad demanding why I had a 0 on a worksheet in math again or why something was below a 70.

Junior year I finally saw a therapist but we came to the conclusion I needed to get out of the state and out of the family. I found this perfect, perfect college in MA, but its acceptance rate was around 50% and was geared towards 4.0 students when I was only a 3.29 at the end of Junior year, even though I rocked my AP classes (again, only English and US History) and even maintained a B or an A in my other classes.

Senior year, I apply Early Action to three colleges. My grades are starting to tank again because my dad goes through a period of mid-life crisis and he switches to a day-time unit and becomes stupendously religious. He gets mad when I tell him I'm an atheist and tries to tell me about the time I clutched a cross and said "This really works!" when a tornado went the neighborhood next to us instead of ours. Little did he know that back then, all I wanted was a superhero, not the god that any kind of religion tries to shove down my throat. He apologizes to me for 18 years of emotional and verbal abuse.

I get accepted to all of my colleges, including dream college. Then I find out I get merit scholarships to all of them... Except for dream college. I apply for Honors Program there, don't get accepted nor do I get a Merit scholarship there. They award me 12k in finaid, then my mom tells me she's not cosigning any loans for me and the only thing they ever saved for me was a hundred-dollar bond that my dad created when I was born. (Fucking ironic how the monster that destroyed me was the only one who cared enough to save anything for my future.) Their credit is wrecked anyway because my mom got depressed after I was born and maxed out credit cards in both her name and dad's name ordering shit from JCPenney's and the like. I can't get a loan on my own because I've never had a job (because I have no car, nobody in the area will give me a job, and my parents wouldn't have had the money or the credit to get a junky car anyways) and nobody except for MAYBE my older sister will cosign any loans for college.

Now my mom wants me to go to community college... with the people I've come to loathe and despise over 9 years of habitation in Texas... and still won't cosign any loans I would have to take out for that. She's somehow thinking people will give me enough money at graduation to get me a junky car so I could live at the house that I have come to associate with pain and suffering and go to a crappy community college that might not even transfer over to dream college anyways, just so I can stay home with the family and suffer in less debt whereas I would be perfectly fine swimming in debt, because I can at the very least say I am the first one to graduate from a prestigious college to pursue a day job as an editor and be with the only person that keeps me from killing myself right now.

I feel like a whiny upper-class kid. But quite honestly all I ever dreamed of was getting out of this state and going to some nice school... Even if there wasn't a shiny scholarship that would eliminate most of my student loan debt...

...But I'm so fucking tired of being miserable and living with this family. The easier way out would just be for me to finally grow some balls and kill myself. I've thought about it before, lots of times, but it is ultimately my fear of dying that prevents me from establishing a plan...

I just don't know what to do...