My StoryI think I am doing this right. I have never posted anything anywhere before. To anybody reading this I have a few things to say. Thank you for taking the time to read this, as I'm sure it will be very long. I apologize for it being so lengthy. I just have a lot on my mind and I don't know what to say or not to say. If somebody reads this and feels like I am posting this in the wrong place, please tell me and do whatever is necessary fix it. I do not want to offend anybody in anyway. Thats the last thing I want.

Now that that's out of the way... I will summarize what I'm about to post. I have been fighting, which feels like a gross understatement, with myself about suicide. My reasons being that I feel like I am a danger, a hinderance, and a burden, to everyone I am close to. I have nothing to contribute to society. I hate myself. Not just a casual dislike. I mean I hate on a uniquely specific level every individual detail about myself. How I look, how I feel, how I act, how I think, who I used to be, who I am now, who I see myself turning into, and all the thousands of subcategories related to any of those topics.

I'll be honest. I'm not 100% sure why I am bothering to post this. I won't be surprised if nobody even looks at it. But I have so many things I feel like I need to say, and nobody to say it too. Fair warning, that was probably everything actually necessary in this post. Feel free to stop here or skip to the end. Everything after this is simply going to be my hopeless rambling of what could pretty much be labeled my life story.  So if you want to... I don't know, understand me I guess? Or if you're looking for a good cry. Or looking for somebody potentially worse of then yourself (not that I would ever try to say my problems are bigger than anyone else's I just... I think you get the idea). Or heck, a Dr looking for their next psych thesis, then by all means have a crack at it. Alright so here goes.

I am currently 20 years old. And for exactly half my life I have been on a constant tailspin to new levels of rock bottom. If you met me when I was 9ish, and then jumped ahead to now, it would bring a tear to the most stoic of eyes. I have become the complete opposite from who I was, and became exactly who I didn't want to be. Before things turned, I was the friendliest, most genuine, trusting and happy go lucky people you will ever meet.

At the age of 10, everything started going wrong. My dad got sick with a very weird and equally as rare disease, that basically turns all of the sugar in your blood into alcohol. This started a long and traumatic journey of seeing doctor after doctor. Each one, I think there were more than a dozen or so, turned us away, calling him a drunk and us stupid or naive etc. It took three years to find someone who could help. And they were a specialist in Canada. My family lives in the US by the way. So we found a way to cure it. But that's when things got worse. I guess my Dad missed the haze the alcohol put him in or something, because he started ACTUALLY drinking. This caused something of an upset. It was a pretty big blow to my trust in people. My mom basically was paralyzed by sadness and my dad was always unconscious, so that left me to take care of myself and raise my little sister. I was 12-13 around this time. Kinda an influential age under normal circumstances, and this just did a number. My mom decided that I should see a counselor because obviously it wasn't a stable environment. And I was initially eager to have someone help me out. I quickly had different opinions. Every appointment ended with him threatening my parents with child protective services. And this only made everything worse. I was the only person in my family who was still well functioning enough to try holding my family together, so I took upon myself the responsibility to. And now, any time I dared say I felt less than giddy to the doctor that was supposed to help me feel better, it threatened everything I was trying to do. As you can assume over the course of these years I developed a particular dislike of doctors.

The next part of my life is pretty much when I doomed myself to the path I since have followed. I made the conclusion that showing emotion was my enemy. When everyone else cried, I'd be the one who stayed calm and said it'll be ok. When my Dr asked how I was feeling I suddenly wasn't bothered by things anymore. I started pretending everything was fine. And everyone believed me. But I had to commit to my performance. I did everything I could to stop myself from even feeling emotion. I also got very good at faking positive emotions when necessary. The problem is that I was to dangerously successful in my mission. I "killed off" my emotions. I learned to go through life feeling nothing. Never happy, but I was never sad. I felt nothing. For the most part. I would occasionally feel these seconds long explosions of every negative emotion all at once. They were so strong that I usually had to hold myself up with the nearest furniture and act like I had tripped or something.

This brings us to the next part of the story. These, episodes as I began to call them. Over time they would get stronger. More frequent. They would last longer and longer. This was long after everything had settled down too. On a perfectly normal day I just suddenly have an episode. But I still fought my emotions. I took every bad thought and feeling and pushed them as far down as I could. I became so detached from my emotions, that they are now (for lack of better words) a separate entity inside me. Like the Hulk. Or Dr jekyll and Mr Hyde. There's the me a try to be... intelligent, logical, and even goodwilled. And then there's this monster. A being of blind rage and emotion tearing me apart from the inside trying to take control. It takes all of my strength every day to keep him locked up. But he's always there, fighting me. That voice telling me to stop fighting. This is what I meant by the I'm a  danger part I mentioned at the beginning. If I slip for even a second, I don't know what I will do before I get control back. I don't dream anymore. Only nightmares. Nightmares of me doing terrible horrible things to people. People I care about. As I said I'm 20, but I've never ever had a romantic partner because I'm so terrified that the closer they are to me, the closer they are to him. There's one specific person I am thinking about right now. They are the only person that when I am near them I feel ok. They mean so much to me but I can't even tell them that because if I do, if I open the door for them to get closer to me... when my emotions  (although positive) are already leaking through, I would be so close to the edge of the monster getting out I can't ever risk it. This is one of the biggest reasons right now that I  am even considering suicide. They mean so much to me and I have to protect them. I know that they would be hurt if I killed myself. But they would be able to pick up the pieces eventually. In the long term they would be safe.

I went on a bit of a tangent there but that is such a focal point in my life right now. I'm going to start focusing on the other aspects now. As I said, the episodes got stronger and more frequent. They eventually leveled out to  be a relatively constant depression. I have good days/weeks /months, and I have bad. But it's a relatively always there feeling now. This depression has dominated me for the past couple years so drastically. And it's only made worse by my day to day life. Everything I try to do turns into a disaster. Every decision I make is the wrong one. Even people who only interact with me for a minute vouch that the universe actually does seem to be out to get me because things actually start going wrong for THEM when I get involved. Then they laugh and I pretend to be amused by their joking. Objectively I agree. It would probably be freaking hilarious to see if I wasn't always in so much pain.

I don't know what to do anymore. I pushed aside my distrust of doctors because I objectively realize that I need help, as convinced as I am I don't deserve it or that it won't help me. But I have been bluntly telling people I need help, doing everything short of screaming it in the streets, but people don't believe me. There are other reasons that I need help besides the suicidal streak. The suicide is more of a... symptom to me. A logical outcome of the given variables. 

If you have read this far, I give you credit. Even I don't have the mental fortitude to go back and reread it. I don't know if I'm posting this to get advice or just to vent. As I said at the beginning, I don't understand why I'm posting anything at all. But I guess any comments would...help? In some way? Idk. Like I said if this is out of place have the moderatorsame delete it immediately. I don't want this to be anyones downfall or offense. Thanks for listening.