I'm gonna end myself.I will share a bit of my story, it might be a bit long for you so you can just skip to the end if you want, where i will be explaining the why and the how.

I was born in France in a village of the countryside, we (mom, dad, big sis, little bro, and me) lived here pretty normally, i had friends, it was a relatively happy family. I was a little shit at that time, always getting hurt and doing stupid shit. When i think about it, maybe my parents thought i was autistic or something, i was always... kinda special, a bit too emotional maybe.

Let's carry on, on my 5th birthday, we moved out of the place because of job issue. No issue, i make friends again, i'm a bit weird but that's okay, time goes on pretty much peacefully.

The house is a bit unhealthy, we were always getting sick so my father built a new house, we're moving out.

New house! Pretty clean and cool and... and my parents are divorcing... 

I will always remember this moment with my two siblings, mom and dad yelling at each other while we were just standing and crying. Well, it's not something special, a lot couple are getting divorced so i don't consider myself a special case just for this occurrence.

But it destroyed me, i think this is the root of my mental state today, like i thought, maybe i was a bit too emotional.

Mom took us and we moved out in another village again, we were seeing our dad every two weeks. She told us dad was the one that wanted to divorce her multiple times but i wasn't talking about it with dad.

Another school again, but something was different, it was hard for me to keep up with classes and i had a hard time to make friends, i'm talking less and less with peoples.

Nothing special for that part except two things: I was a bit lonely and the DISGUSTING scutigera living in my house were creeping me out, i hate those things.

Finally turned 11, time for middle school (collège in France), time to make friends and... it's no good. I'm even more lonely now and i'm starting to get bullied (pretty cliché right?). I'm the weird kid now because i don't talk much and i don't have many friends.

I was the kid nobody wanted in their team in sports, i was always getting trashtalked but I was used to it.

Found a pornmag on the ground at that time, furious stroking, great times.

I'm 15 now, highschool time, yayyy! 

Same shit as before, just no more bully, cool. I'm moving in dad's appartment because it's much closer than mom's house, big sis is moving in too.

I'm 18 now, i'm getting my degree (baccalaureate) and i'm starting some electricity technician formation.

I'm now working at the Gendarmerie (the french countryside police force) as a reservist, getting a bit of money during holidays. I'm still in technician formation.

Until there, there wasn't really anything, just a big void if you want my opinion. But shit's going down pretty quickly at this point.

Turns out my mother cheated on my father, my father knew it and it led to divorce. Our mother brainwashed my siblings and me for years and my father didn't knew it.

I know the truth but big sis and lil bro don't believe it.

Big sis confront my father, it yells, it yells a lot. Big sis packs her belongings and leave the appartment.

Never heard about her ever again.

My dad is saying that Big sis have been raped by our grandpa (mother side) when little... What the fuck is going on?

Lil bro isn't attending school anymore, he's still with mother and he is in hostile relation with father.

Father is going to confront lil bro and mother, i smell danger, i'm going with him.

At mother's house, lil bro pulled a knife and threatened my father and me, saying things like it was our fault he had this shitty life, things like that.

We're leaving the place, i'm never going there anymore.

Hello depression my old friend.

I'm tired of all this shit, i'm getting out of here.

I'm getting into the ground army forces. It's a 8 months formation. Nice.

After 6 months of formation, a sport coach break my finger, 1 year of rehabilitation, i'm fired of the army.

Going back to father's appartment. he is working pretty far and have another appartment so i'm alone.

1 year of total solitude. I started to take opiate medecine for fun, i'm a bit of an alcoholic too.

Severe depression, suicidal thoughts everyday, i just don't have the courage to take action.

End of the rehabilitation, fucking finally, fuck the ground forces, i'm going to the air forces.

i'm going for an avionics mechanic job.

Pretty cool bunch, i'm having fun, formation is easier than ground forces. that's good.

Covid-chan incoming.

4 months of total isolation, again.

Days are worsening. dark thought, don't wanna get up, don't wanna see anybody, don't wanna eat.

Still do because i gotta be strong and father will be sad.

End of confinement, going back on base.

I don't wanna do this, i want to end this.

Getting 1 month of holiday after 2 weeks on base... what the hell..

Going back to the appartment... i'm tired and i don't give a shit anymore.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

The few next sentence will be the end of it:

I'm 24 and i'm tired, really tired. I'm alone but i don't want to meet people anymore, not even my father.

Still couldn't make any friends, never had a grirlfriend, still a virgin.

In a state of mental nothingness, i don't feel anything anymore, not even anger.

I have a bit of money so i'm distributing a bit to some random people without them noticing it (aka: mailboxes);

I found a random place far away from people in the countryside. I'm packing a lot of alcool and gasoline.

I will go to this place, i'm gonna drink till i can't even think of anything and i'm gonna set my car and me on fire, that's how i want it to finish. Let it burn, i just want to disappear.

&amp;#x200B;

That was really badly written, sorry but like i said, you could just go to the end. I'm still not sure when i will take action. Before the 24 august, that's for sure. 

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks for reading.