I really just need someone to listen.I only use Reddit on my phone, so apologies if the format is off for people to read. 

I live in Scotland. It's okay here. It's beautiful in the countryside, up in the Highlands. The cities generally have a lot to do. And I know there's things out there, but it seems so far away. We have the NHS. I get help when I'm sick. I don't have to pay at the point of care, only taxes when I finally find work. I like that. 

I have a psychiatrist. I have since I was 12, and I've been self harming since I was 7 years old. I'm 21 now. Most of my life has been shrouded in self hate, trauma, abuse, self destruction and a slew of serious suicide attempts (not that all aren't serious - I mean serious enough to require medical intervention to survive). 

I saw my psychiatrist just over two months ago. As is standard protocol here, as far as I can tell, I see him every 6-7 months for around 10 minutes per appointment. I've seen this particular one only twice. He has decided I no longer require the antipsychotics and antidepressants I've been on since I was 13. That's fine. I have diagnosed borderline personality disorder; medication isn't licensed to treat that, generally, and if a psychiatrist decides I don't need it I really don't have any recourse to get it sorted. I've been told I can't ask for a new psych and even if I did, the waiting list for a first appointment in my area is... Immense. 

Anyway. Life was already fucking shit, to be honest. Went to university, had to drop out after I kept trying to kill myself after a breakup. Live with my parents again, who actually fucking hate my guts. The only reason I'm allowed to live here is because 'they don't want to be the kind of parents who throw their kid out'. We don't talk unless we have to. They ignore me most of the time. I changed my legal name four years ago and my parents have informed me they will never, ever respect my name change. They won't admit I was abused physically and emotionally all my life until I was 17, and that the emotional abuse continues occasionally even now. We have tried family therapy but my parents just beat me when we got home for daring to 'speak delusional lies'. I'm unemployed and struggling to find any form of work. I fail on personality tests, or I don't have references available to continue with the application. Or I get an interview (very rare) and I fail at it. 

So then my psychiatrist decides 'Hey. You don't need any medication anymore; I'm going to stop prescribing it.' 
I'm like alright, I can't really fight you on that. I wouldn't know how. So I ask, can I be referred for therapy then? Since thats, you know, the actual treatment for BPD?
No, he says. Sorry. We don't allow referrals for therapy here anymore. The charities nearby won't take you either. Why don't you go home and read a self help book?

I'm angry now. But I don't know what to do. Get angry with a doctor and they shut down and won't help you. So I go home. I don't tell my parents; one of the stipulations of me living here is that I'm medicated. They don't know yet, and they wouldn't care anyway. I've asked for help emotionally from them before and my parents say they won't give it because they have their own mental health problems and can't afford to spend any time with helping their child (mum diagnosed BPD also, and my dad has PTSD from military service). 

I still don't know what to do. Every day gets worse. I'm planning another suicide attempt but I know I need to get it right this time, if I am caught I will be homeless. I've started drinking as much as possible to numb the pain but it really isn't enough anymore. I've joined some mental health discords - which is a little helpful - but most of the time it descends into a pissing contest on who has it worse. I just want someone to sit down and talk with me. I'm lonely as fuck. I have no friends. I lost my girlfriend last year. I'm fat, ugly as hell anyway, and no one wants to date a fat, ugly girl, or be friends with them. I don't know where to turn anymore. I don't know what to do. I feel fucking lost. I've always felt lost but it's getting worse and worse because I have no fucking purpose in life anymore and no one fucking cares. 

If you read this, thank you. I appreciate the stuff everyone must go through on here reading all this every day, and I'm so, so sorry to add to that but I don't know what to do anymore. 