Generally, people do careI saw a post here yesterday about how "nobody cares about you until you die". It seems to be a sentiment that many people share (judging by the number of upvotes), so, seeing as I once used to think along similar lines, I thought should share my 2 cents on the matter.

In high school, I was never a very popular kid. I had friends that I hung out with, and while enjoyed that time greatly, it was obvious that everyone else got along better with almost anyone else from the group than with me, so I felt like I really wouldn't be missed if I weren't there. If we were going on a school trip on a bus, I was usually the one who would sit alone. This all led me to believe that nobody really cared about me.

Some years later, I realised 2 important things:

1. I took the fact that my friends didn't just reach out to me out of the blue regularly and that I was nobody's best friend as signs that they didn't care. But I didn't reach out to anyone regularly either, so why was I expecting that of others? And my friends have no responsibility to me to be my besties. Some people simply get along better than others. Plus, for how many people in my life did I care in that way? (it was 0)
2. I was confusing the value of my life with its meaning. My life had value because there were people who cared about me (the aforementioned friends for example). In other words, the answer to the question 'Would anyone miss me if I died?' was yes. However, I wasn't necessary for them, or for anyone else. In other words, the answer to the question 'Would anyone be inconvenienced if I went abroad for a year?' was no - my life, therefore, lacked a purpose.

After I realised that I was confusing them not caring about me with my life not having meaning, I was able to start doing something about it - I started really working on things that I found meaningful and trying to be more social. A few years later, my life still doesn't really have meaning and I still sometimes feel sad about it. However, most days are good because I spend them working on things that are important to me and trying to better myself.

This definitely isn't going to fit everyone's experiences and I'm sure there are people who have had the misfortune of only meeting toxic people in their life. However, I'd guess that in many people, the feeling that humanity is horrible and nobody cares about anyone comes from a similar place as my feelings did. Humans aren't all bad or all good. And people generally do care, just maybe not as intensely and evidently as we'd want them to.

TL;DR: Generally, people do care, but our expectations of what that looks like can be way too high, sometimes due to the fact that we instinctively need someone to blame when our life isn't going the way we'd want, even when it isn't anybody's fault in particular.