I really want to go.It's so sad seeing so many people on these forums that feel exactly like me, how do you beat it guys? Everyone always tell me things will get better. But they don't. 

I've lived with 15 thousand pounds worth of debt for the last 3-4 years. I'm 22 years old, University and my Dad basically fucked me for my life. I become ill and was removed out of my University even though the plan was the go back, which my tutor knew full well. Student finance stopped my payments and my dad owed me a couple of grand from lending him during hard times. After leaving Uni I went into full time employment just to pay off all the debt I had basically accumulated. I've been living on £200-£250 a month for the last 3 years, due to my outgoings being so high. I have no real friends, (apart from online). I never have money to treat myself, I haven't been on holiday in 8 years. My life just seems to be crumbling, even writing this I feel like I'm giving up with how much to tell you guys. I basically feel like I have nothing, I have no happiness in my life any more, no drive, no ambition. I've been on anti depressants for the last two years, swapping from one medication to the other in 4 stages of dosage. I wont be debt free until next September, I understand it's nothing to the 3 years I've already struggled with, but I can't go on any longer. 

My depression is mainly money related and not being able to get myself out of the situation I am currently in. But when your depression is being caused my something in your life you have no control over now, how do you resolve that? 

Most people will think I'm really weak, but I genuinely haven't had the best upbringing, all I ever tried to do was to better my life and unfortunately I was just dealt a bit of a shitty card. 

I understand completely that there are people out there that are worse off then me, so please don't see this as me being selfish. Unfortunately it's just the way I feel and unfortunately I don't know how much longer I can really take it. 

I've unfortunately been on sick from work for the last 3 months due to my depression getting so bad. I wouldn't sleep for 3 days just through stress and over thinking. I could cry for hours and hours over nothing. I wouldn't eat, I basically didn't look after myself at all. But next week I have to go back or they'll reduce my monthly minimum wage (£1100) to mandatory sick pay of (£360) a month. 

If I had a car, I know for a fact this would already be over, I'm too much of a pussy to kill myself in any other way, I can't end my life feeling more pain then what I already do. I just need a peaceful painless way, if some one wants to get some tubes and an engine running i'm all up for spending my last bit of cash on petrol and alcohol. 

We can all beat depression, we can all over come any obstacles in our life if we have the right mind frame and can get over our troubles. Unfortunately, I don't think I can any more. 

