I don't really know what to put here.  Wall of TextI don't really know how to say any of this.  I don't know where else to ask.  My friends and family have not helped much at all, and I've refused to see a therapist a couple of times now.  I guess I'll just explain my background a bit.

I'm 21 years of age, a bit overweight, forever alone, a plethora of friends, divorced parents, decent job with enjoyable coworkers, went to community college for 3 years as Liberal Arts, transferring to a 4 year school in the fall as business.  My moms family is full of passive aggression, no one really likes each other and depression does run through it that half of my family.  My dads side is generally the opposite.  They're all loving and caring, but a bit stubborn and there's a handful of bad tempers.  I live with my grandmom and aunt on my moms side of the family, and everyone (except my grandmom) agrees that the house is a poison.

I've had depressive/suicidal thoughts almost my entire life.  There are a couple of specific incidents I remember from childhood but I won't really go into detail.  But recently it's been much worse.  The biggest cause of most of my suicidal thoughts/feelings is this constant idea that I'm alone, unloved, and I will die alone and unloved.  It's a thought that plagues me nearly every moment of my life, it influences almost all of my actions, and I don't know if its the cause of my depression or just a trigger for it.

As I said earlier, I have friends.  Plenty of friends.  So many friends that its pretty much impossible to hang out with more than a quarter of them at a time.  Now of all those friends, only a handful are actually close, but none of them really help anything.  They all have their own problems to deal with, they don't understand what pains me and the almost universal response when I point out my thoughts is "You're only 21.  You have your whole life ahead of you.  You can't say that you're Forever Alone, you don't/can't know."

And that's a good enough response, except that I don't believe it for a second and it doesn't help and that seems to be the only solution any of them, or any family can offer.  When my mom found out I was suicidal, she tried to force me into a therapist but I refused multiple times.  My reasoning being that talking about the problem didn't seem to solve anything, and even if the therapist prescribed some form of antidepressant, I've been told my several people that those don't solve anything either, they just kinda numb the pain a little.

I don't really know what else to say at the moment.  Bit of  writers block I suppose.  There's probably plenty more to say, but I dobut anyone's going to read this massive a wall anyway.