I have no reason to live.Hi, my name is Jacob. All you really need to know about me is I am 16. I have never been diagnosed with a mental disability and I have never seen a councilor or spoken to anyone in depth about my problems. All of what I am about to say will be my thought process. I have no sad story or tragic event, I am not depressed. I do not "want" to die. 

I see no reason for me to be alive. Let me start by saying that I do not believe in a god or anything on a spiritual level. I do not believe in a soul, I do not believe in any level of free will and I am somewhat on the fence about whether or not this reality is "real".
I base all this on reason. I have no evidence otherwise. 
 My parents love me, they often argue with me and throughout my childhood have made me feel quite depressed but I understand that they love me in their core and I love them in mine. But I don't feel I owe them my life, so please do not use that as a reason. My two sisters and parents I feel don't deserve to lose a brother because I do contribute to their happiness in part, I do this unknowingly and I have their best interest in mind 24/7. For those who are interested in my home life: I live with my mother and two sisters (parents are not together) My father is an alcoholic who has changed over the last year and become more caring although I am not actively spending any time with him, my mother has become lazy and no longer actively cares for us, she shows little to no interest in my life. I do not believe this is contributing to any of my feelings. As far as social life I have 3 close friends, one of which has a limited knowledge of my predisposition to feeling depressed. I am not particularly close with any of them. My hobbies include video games although I have basically stopped playing them out of disinterest, sports which i don't currently play outside of school and with friends as well as science which is where I spend most of my free time watching videos and finally film, I watch a lot of TV shows and movies. The rest is school work. 
 I have never felt close to anyone in the last year. I feel no deep connection to a single being. I see no reason for emotion, it slows me down, it doesn't benefit me. This is why I don't want to label myself as depressed. I do not feel a deep sadness. Not at all. I feel nothing, an not in the way that suggests I have given all my emotions. I just feel nothing. I get joy in small fleeting moments like we all do but it never lasts. Every day, I think about my purpose. I have come to realize I don't have one. My soul purpose is to reproduce and help life continue on this small rock in a small corner of a small galaxy in a cluster in a universe in perhaps an infinite amount of universes. I am insignificant. I am nothing but atoms that are bonded in complex ways. I find some solace in that intricacy but no purpose. After all I am not unique, carbon has so many forms, life was bound to exist, I am inevitable you could say. I go through each day, lost in this world. I don't understand people. I don't understand love, happiness or even sadness. I feel disconnected like I am just existing here, doing what I must to survive as well as I can. Why should I continue living? I know someone will say it's a permanent solution to a temporary problem but if you read this and understood my sincerity you would believe me when I say this is not temporary. Ever since I gave up on religion and accepted the truth of this world have I felt this way. I don't regret it though. I see no benefit in religion either, even in it's culture if you take away it's belief I see no benefit. I assume that the best answer I will receive is to see a professional and/or inquire about medication. I don't wan't to do either of these things and the main reason for that is because I believe on medication that could change my outlook so drastically I am simply not myself. However I am open to trying. The only purpose I have been able to think of is to improve the world for those of you who see it differently than I. I'd like to study biochemistry when I finish school and finding a career that helps me help the world. If anyone is interested in my school life I am not bullied or repressed, I have good connections with people their although I just conform to societal standards of social interaction to make the process less difficult. My grades are at a 5.0 GPA (Perfect). 

Do you believe I am missing some large part of life? Am I simply wrong? I'm sure there is something wrong with me, it is the only way to explain the drastic differences between me and the average person although I don't revel in it, I feel held back by this. Any way to overcome this feeling would make my life a lot better. I currently have no happiness.