There's a wall and I know what's on the other side of it.m not talking about an afterlife in the title, or anything like that. I don't know if others struggle with this. But it's sad because you know what's on the other side of the wall. You know they are speaking to you, the sound just can't reach you. And you're listening but not understanding.

This wall I'm speaking of is the ability of some to be able to generate love for others, sometimes in the deepest and most genuine of ways, but lacking the ability to feel it. The person knows they are leaving something behind, that there's definitely something that will be left behind, but they just can't experience joy or love or anything like that. It's not sociopathy or something particularly malevolent. It's more like an exercise video playing but you're trapped in a wheelchair.

That's the worst part. I think many end it all because they feel hopeless or lost, but there needs to be some metacognition of "what's the root cause of this hopelessness? Is it truly actionable?"

My username isn't a joke. I've been compared humorously to Rick Sanchez, but I'm not that smart. But I'm not someone who idolizes the character. If anything, I try to work against having anything in common with his personality. That's the point of antiheroes. You like them, but never want to step into their shoes. And I feel like if I haven't conquered this problem by now, at the age of 27, I may never conquer it. I feel like I'm watching the world as a movie and I'm alone in the theater.

Everyone says it gets better, but what about those that are just relentlessly crushed into smithereens? Do those that make it past that not have the self awareness? Do they not have the intelligence to process how all of this means nothing?

I'm wondering on when to end things. I want to around mid-December. After group projects are wrapped up (some people depend on me for their coursework), I'm most likely going to do it. I wrote my will today, started drafting the letter, and bought an exhaust hose. I told the buyer it was for my brother in law mechanic, because it seems like to morally travel to the end willingly is a little hard to do. I hate lying, so I try to avoid it at all costs.

I know there's people who care and love me. I just can't feel it anymore. I'm locked in an iceberg in front of the sun. I know those people are calling out to me, but I can't hear them over this wall. I can't be the only one that feels like this.