I don't know **Hi everyone**..i have created this account to have anonymity and get some things of my chest (also sorry for my English, it is not my first language).  
So i don´t know where should i start but i just gonna go with my mind. So, i was a very friendly, extrovert fella.. always playing, liked to talk to people and always the kinda middle of attention funny guy ? (if that makes sense..), i loved to live in short.. Then came the end of high school, making important decisions when i was 17 and i graduated with perfect grades... then came the university admissions where i was also very successful... so started my first year of university living in a hostel.. enjoying life, making new friends...months passed and i was the happiest guy... everything was on point.. good grades had a girlfriend.. and here came the first problem i would say my first failure where i failed horribly sexually, but i said to myself it is not a big deal and next time it will work, (i think that was the first time i had that negative voice in my head which gave me doubts) so the next time when it was about to happen i failed again and again and again and so on.... so we came to a decision to end a relationship... i was devastated and felt very bad about myself, but i said to myself maybe she just was not the right for me and life planned it this way. So i let it be and started to focusing on myself on my study another successful year went through. I tried dating again ,the girl i was dating was very lovable but we could not see each other very often so we ended it (we never had coitus). So came the 3rd year... and i started to see on myself that things started to change... the negativity on my head started to grow and i started to fail on exams, and came to a point where i was forced to do the 3rd year again this was the first time i felt ashamed and started to hate myself. So days passing very fast.. i started to notice i was avoiding any social interactions, then came the summer where my best friend told me to go to a house party where i ended up with a girl in a bed just to find myself fail again... and i think this was my breaking point, i was feeling miserable everyday and i could not look at myself in the mirror. Closing myself to my room and trying to isolate myself from the world. But i kinda get through this... so when i was 20 i started my 3rd year again... which i was relatively successful all the subjects i failed i did very well but i failed on my final exam ---- so to this period i think this was (around may last year so before the final exam which was in the of June) the first time i was thinking about suicide on a daily base... so again another 1 year wasted, so i started to plan on becoming a police officer (which is my dream) and i sent the application. So in short ... i became ill (injury ? ) in December i could not walk for a month and all my muscles just weakened.. so all my hard work what i did to succeed at police physical test was gone and had to take back the application form, and i hit the ground again and became even more closed barely talking to anyone... So after recovering from my injury i worked my butt of everyday... worked 3 times as hard and succeeding at the physical and also the psychical test.. so now what is with me, how am i ? I succeeded at every test to became a police officer, now i just have to finish the school and the final exam i failed.., so when finally things are going as planned why am i still not happy... why do i keep avoiding people for more than 2 years...why do i push people away from me... what is wrong with me ? SO much more people have bigger problems in their lifes and they can go through them... so why cant i... what am i doing wrong ?i, i just want to be happy man... just have a clear mind not with this mess that is inside my head... creating non existing problems... (i hope this whole post does not look like a whole mess, if yes im sorry.. i tried my best to express my feelings).  
If you are still reading... im grateful for you... and i wish you the best... thank you.