Nothing PersonalGood Evening Reddit,
I'm typically never on the site all too much. Though things have started spiraling downward as of recent. 

(I apologize in advance if this is not very cohesive,  for I am just speaking what is on my mind)

TL;DR: If I do end up doing something, please don't feel like you've caused it. All of this is entirely out of my own selfishness.

I've just been thinking that as of recent, my panic attacks have been getting worse and worse, my meds aren't helping, I have no access to therapy at the moment, and I feel like I'm letting down all the people around me. As a little bit of context. I turned 20 back in March, and I'm in the military, for any users in the military, I'm sure you're all familiar that it's tough love. I love my Shop, they're my family, and they do nothing but support me and the betterment of myself. Not only as a Marine, but as a person. Though they're also brutally honest when it comes to criticism, and I genuinely respect it about everyone. I truly dont want any of them to feel guilty if I were to do anything to myself, and I just want to state that here and now.

Now, moving on from that. A lot of personal issues have been affecting me outside of work. In the past couple of days, all I could think of is how nice it must be to die. I have no qualms with anyone, a loving significant other, people who are closer than family to me, and a good head on my shoulders. Though it only seems as though I let everyone down. I've recently been diagnosed with manic depression, and am currently taking Citalopram to combat this. As well as now needing to speak to a Cardiologist because it is feared that I may have an issue with my heart. I've never been one to give in to personal issues, but I feel as though it is beginning to affect work performance. Maybe it is my pride telling me to never let other people suffer for my faulters, but I hate feeling as though I'd be a nuisance to the ones around me. 

I Know I have all the avenues for support, but I try to help myself and with the current state of society in response to Covid-19, a lot of the pressing issues I seek support for are being put on hold. Now things are only getting worse, and i dont have much of an opportunity to get better. Again, the last thing I want is for any of the people around me to feel responsible for any actions I may take.

I want to die, I fear the being forgotten, but I'm not scared of death. Everything that we know will all come to an end at one point or another, it's just a matter of when. Life had no meaning to me other than to try and make an impact on other people in a positive way. I want other people to be happy, that is my purpose in life. Though now I feel like I'm not succeeding in my own ways. I'm not sure if I ever will again. I hate letting people down, and now I feel like a failure because I'm giving in to weakness. It truly is a vicious cycle. I dont want to let you down anymore guys, I wanted to be dependable, and lead by example. I feel like I succeeded. 

I wanted to make an impact on your lives, and I feel like I did.

I know I had no bad blood with anyone, and everyone stuck their necks out to help me get through these times. I love you all as if you were my own family.

I just wish I could do more. More to help, more to support, more to motivate, and more to achieve happiness I dont feel I can obtain. 

IF I do something to myself, please know it was nothing personal, it's not because you wronged me. Forgive and forget.

Life is a race everyone. You decide if it's a sprint or a marathon.