This world is sick and I don't feel like I belong to it, and this just makes me want to kill myself more and more over time.I've been suicidal since age 12, and every single month that passes I've been feeling like I'm getting closer and closer to the end of the line. I'm 17 now, and, well, I think I'm almost there.



Academics have been my worst nightmare since as far as I can remember, and are most of the reason why I'm suicidal. Pressure and demanding were always high, especially since my family is rich and I always studied in private schools. However, I never conformed to their standards. In kindergarten used to skip classes. In elementary and middle school I was bullied for some time, and my parents verbally and physically abused me over simple things like a blank question on an activity sheet or undone homework. I can't deal with traumas properly, especially due to my autism-related sensitivity, so the worst events scar me to this very day and I still distrust my parents for this, despite them being a lot more chill with me now. And now, in high school, I still struggle to adapt to my new school's stricter and more demanding system. It's been the definition of hell for me, and made me even more suicidal than ever.



However, this year has been the final blow. I became an anarchist, which made me increasingly disappointed and frustrated with the state of the world. Quarantine made me even more bored and stressed out than before, so I quickly started doing soft drugs as a result, eventually moving towards alcohol. However, I stopped this not so shortly ago, and a few days ago my parents discovered my former habits and had a serious conversation with me about it, and it eventually led into my parents telling me that they'll force me into standardized college entrance tests and eventually college itself, an idea which I've dreaded since the beginning of high school, especially since I never saw a necessity for it due to my strong capacity of self-learning, my odd career choices, my lack of necessity of becoming a rich snob like my parents, my deep hatred for academia and especially for my lack of interest in any courses in college, and they essentially told me that I'll never get a good job and will live in poverty if I don't go there, and my career choices will never get me anywhere.



This finally made it clear for me: the world is so sick and obsessed with schooling that it dreads people like me and forces many people like me, who do see alternatives, into conformity. This was the final blow. I HAD hope for my future. I HAD a feeling that I'll still be able to make it despite people's expectations. But it's all gone now. And all I can think of is how I'm so close to the end of the line, before my life gets ruined by my gaslighting, egotistical parents, mere depictions of this world I don't even feel like I belong in.



All I can think of is going to my grandpa's home on my own, grabbing his hunting rifle and shooting myself in the head, so I can finally end my hopeless life. Meanwhile, I'm stuck right here, at my parents' house, daydreaming. And nobody can help me at this point. Nobody in this sick, vile world can.