I want the sadness to endHello, r/SuicideWatch

So, I'm a 17 year old high school student who has been contemplating suicide lately.

For the past 2 years, I've felt depressed almost all of the time. I can't pinpoint any external factors in my life that might make me feel this way. While I've never been officially diagnosed with clinical depression or anything, both of my parents have, so I believe it's not too far fetched at all to say I may be genetically predisposed for it or something.

Some stretches of time have felt harder than others. This past week is one of those times. I've had trouble getting to sleep, I've woken up late or early every day, I've had trouble focusing, I don't feel engaged in anything I do, I can't get myself to do any school work, and I've cried for at least half an hour every day.

The worst of it all has been the suicidal thoughts. I've unwillingly visualized myself killing myself in various ways. The thoughts are simultaneously terrifying and liberating. I don't think I have the nerve to act on them, but I worry sometimes.

I've been taking medication (generic Lexapro) every day and meeting with a counselor for an hour every week. Both of these have a positive impact for sure, but I don't know that they're enough. I still feel hopeless sometimes, like my life isn't worth living. I feel miserable.

The worst part of it is that I feel like nobody would really notice if I did kill myself. I feel like those who would notice wouldn't care all that much. My mom gets mad at me when all I can do is mope around the house. My dad rarely sees me and never seems to take my depression seriously. One of my little brothers seems to despise me at worst and feel neutral towards me at best. The other is a real sweet heart, but said to me earlier today that nobody loves me. That got to me. All of my friends except for one have grown really distant from me over the past year. The only friend I have who makes me feel wanted and loved by somebody has been out of the country for about 9 months, and won't return home for about 9 more. I don't know if I can last that long. I miss her so much.

I honestly feel like I want to die right now. I want the sadness to stop. I can't handle it. I feel worthless right now.

Sorry if it seems like I'm just seeking attention, but I'm hoping getting this off my chest will help. Any advice, support, comments, etc. are appreciated a lot.