...i don't really talki feel like i'm just going to type and type and type. i just need to talk to something and i really don't know why i feel so shitty and i don't know. i try so hard but everything is wrong.

i cut and scratched myself starting 8th grade. got caught junior year of hs. got diagnosed with general anxiety and clinical depression. homeschooled senior year. went to community college. withdrew from classes, from an a/b to a w. 5th year university student. withdrew from classes with 9 units away from graduation. ditched my intership, my team of 5 corps members, and 20 little humans. failed suicide on valentine's day this year. not mute, but just... can't get myself to talk. to anyone. i write 3-4 words down, at most. i talk to my boyfriend via messages on skype. a few money issues, but nothing completely unsolvable. preventable, if it weren't for the valentine's day thing.

i really don't know what to do with myself. my boyfriend has been trying to keep me happy, so i try to be happy. so every day i work at my parents' restaurant smiling and nodding and then running away and being treated like i'm two years old when someone tries to get me to talk. 

the thing that gets to me is that i know it's all in my head. there really is no reason for me to be depressed. there's a table with food, roof over my head, clothes, laptop, and i try so hard to keep myself busy. i take up hobbies, i go places, and then gift them to people and when i stop, i'm thinking about ways to kill myself without failing, breaking up with my boyfriend so he won't be blamed, taking a flight to anywhere and doing it so my parents won't have to see the cadaver. 

like... this shit is in my head all the time. i want to get better but then i just fall into this... i don't know. at one point i was 95 pounds, then 130 this year. i would buy chocolate and ice cream and go to my grandma's house and then i'd refuse to leave from underneath my covers for weeks. i can't do this anymore and i don't want a visit from the emergency crisis team or medication or anything. my shrink has been nothing but good to me, but i don't want to talk to her. i just feel like i want to end it all, but i don't want to be the one to end it. i kind of jokingly asked my boyfriend to kill me instead, but his reaction was really bad and then i felt really bad when i realized how awful that was to say. 

i just realized that's really contradictory, but i don't know. sometimes i'm just... if i pretend i'm better, maybe i'll get better. but this just keeps making me feel worse and makes my head hurt and my parents are going through so much already and they really don't need this, but now they have to worry about their 22-year-old daughter who should have graduated and student financial services are just... i don't want to think about that right now. and health issues i didn't know i had just popped up. and i'm just wondering... is there really a point? ...if all i'm ending up doing is burdening my family and worrying other people, wouldn't it be better for me to end it all and have them grieve for a little and then go off and live their lives with their load a little lighter? 

i tried. i really did. i never missed therapy. i contacted and asked for help from my psychologists. i kept myself busy. i was outgoing and made friends. got accepted into an internship. volunteered. i gave myself alone time. i went shopping. i ate lots and lots of chocolate and candy and took pictures and made scrapbooks. i got a boyfriend. i tried and nothing worked and i don't know if i'm willing to try anymore but... i don't know. i just don't know what i want or how to get what i want or if what i want is even right. 

i really don't know. i don't want to go to sleep tonight wishing i won't wake up tomorrow. i just don't want to wake up to see me and just... i don't know. i feel like everything's wrong