My name is Jesus, 21 year-old male, and I want to die.I've been having these thoughts since my freshman year of highschool.

I dont know how much I want to say. A part of me wants to bawl out my life's story. Let everything out as a note that says, "hey, I am alive."

But another part of me just wants to disappear into the abyss, not bother anyone. Not hurt anyone else. After all, I've already let my family down, why let others down too?

And then there's a small part of me that wants to live, continue being the hopeful and naive fool I used to be. When I want to die, I always remembered a quote my friend Anthony used to say from our favorite game when we were little, "The heart may be weak, and sometimes it may even give in, but I've learned that, deep down, there's a light that never goes out." This stopped me from attempting multiple times, now, and nomatter how much I want to shake it off and die, I can't.

I've been having panic attacks and manic episodes for years, keeping my family from knowing anything. I didn't wanna worry them. I didn't want them to shun me like others have for opening up.

I dont think life is meaningless. There's a lot of things in this world that I love: my family, my friends, my significant other, music, games, animals, food, and a few other things, but I just can't think to myself  that I deserve any of this.

I'm a stubborn and opinionated asshole. My friends and I openly make fun of each other in good fun. And I know I have a lot of people who care about me now.

I want to die, but every time I try, every time I resolve myself, I remember all of those I care for, and I dont want to hurt them, but I have already hurt them, which is why I want to die.

I lived on the 12th floor of the dorms at my college for a while now. My roommate and I had our differences and I had a room to myself. Every night I looked out the window wondering what it'd be like to fall, but never had the balls to do it. 

Now, I want to die more than ever. I've just got word that I will now be in Academic Suspension from my university. I've been in poor academic standing, with continuous threats from my parents that I will get kicked out and have nowhere to stay if I continue to do poorly in school.

I received this threat after my first term of my freshman year of college, and have since been having regular panic attacks and have been crying myself to sleep. Even my significant other is unaware of this, only two of my 3 former roommates do, and that is because I consider them close friends.

Now I've been here, drinking for the last 4 days not knowing what to do or how to talk to my family. I'm here, drinking some homemade moonshine my friend got me as a late birthday preset, just wanting to close my eyes and die a painless death. I dont know what to do, how to talk to my family, how to keep living.

Every plan I had has now been thrown out the window. I won't even have the college education to look at my fiancee with confidence in finding a place together. It's already enough that she has depression and anxiety more severe than my own, that I've had to pull a knife away from her hands as she cried and tried to stab herself. If there's any reason why I'm alive, it's to try and give her a happy life.

And I can't even do that.

My name is Jesus Garcia, a 21 year-old male, and former student of MSOE under the Software Engineering Program. As of 2 weeks ago, someone on my campus, who I didn't know, committed suicide leading into the week of finals. I failed my classes, leading me to go under Academic Suspension, and I want to follow suit.

But I can't. No matter how much I want to die, I can't.