Overdosed on 210mg of fluoxetineI have depression and bpd, and I've overdosed countless times before without getting help. The reason why I didn't get help the previous times and now, is because I feel like I've already burdened my family too many times. I wanted to die very badly, and impulsively swallowed whatever was left in my bottle of what's supposed to be antidepressants. In my head I just wanted to be free of pain. Obviously it didnt work out how I wanted it to work out. So I'm kind of struggling with the after effects. Let me put it clear that I DO NOT WANT TO GO TO THE HOSPITAL. That's that. I don't want to burden any of my family members. I know it's my own fault and nobody else deserves to have to bear with me. 

I took a bunch of pills last afternoon and it kinda is 
fucked me up. I took about 11of 20g fluoxetine mallets and went straight to sleep. When I woke up a few hours later, my whole body was shaking, I could literally hear my heart beating. It was loud and fast, and I felt cold like I was having a high fever. My stomach was very uncomfortable but I didn't puke out anything because I was on an empty stomach. I just constantly felt like puking and my throat was very dry. Therefore I couldn't swallow anything at all. 

Before I go to sleep at about 12pm, I had tremors, and I was shaking badly. I was able to fall asleep but throughout the night I was sweating alot. 

It's now 8am in the morning the next day. I just woke up and I can tell you what is most aginizing is my stomach. I'm not sure if it's because of the amount of pills that had been in my stomach the previous day, or because I had starved myself the whole day. I did try eating the day before but I couldn't swallow anything. As I'm typing right now my hands are shaking. I'm lucky that I survived, yeah, but uh, right now, I just feel so dumb for swallowing that amount of pills and just letting it fuck with my system. To justify myself, I just didn't care anymore about what happens to my body. If you can render any help or suggestions, I'd appreciate. Thank you so much. 

Updste: it's been approximately 30 hours later. I'm staying to feel better. Less shaky, more energised. I am very very hungry at the moment. I figure it's because my body is dehydrated. 

*Note to anyone who is reading this post because they are scared to seek help, and want to know if there is anything you can do*

1)try your best to puke everything out. 

2)if you have activated charcoal lying around in your house, take at least two tablets of those, and keep taking them every two hours. This will help to pump your stomach out. 

3)Lay down, don't panic too much. 

4)drink loads and loads of WATER!  your body is needs to be hydrated to be able to pump out all the toxins. 

5) try to eat something dry like bread, crackers, anything. Fill your stomach.

 6) I mostly reccomend you to seek medical help. Doesn't matter if it's 3 hours or 30 hours after you overdosed. 

I'm pretty sure I wont be doing this anymore. It's pointless and all I did was to hurt my own body. If any of my family members had found out, I'm sure that they will be dissapointed in me too. I'm going to see my psychologist in 2 days time. I'll be sure to tell her what happened.