Please listen to my story. I lost everythingI have been depressed since i was 12 years old. When i was 19 my depression reached new hights. I did ecstasy and was bullied while rolling. Three days later my mind kinda broke and i spent 4 weeks is a mental institution and lived in intense fear of going insane since then. I recovered a little bit and moved to Berlin.I lived in a loft bed in the hallway of a small flat with this girl i quickly fell in love with. She was my savior back then but she never wanted to be a couple  so she had many different partners while still being very close and intimate with me. I kinda always was her number one which made my jellousy beareble. Due to my anxiety i rarely left the flat but i had a small job at the opera. Me and her kinda became a unitiy. I knew all of my friends through her. She was 5 years older than me and had a very special personality. The whole flat was full of her self-painted pictures and stuff. I felt like i had no own personality at all.I kind of lived "inside of her". I was so happy that i had a warm place to stay and friends that i didnt really care for my feelings at all. Everything slowly went to shit in the last few months. I couldnt take all the sex and people in the flat anymore and i couldnt bear the sound of her having sex with various people while i was lying paralysed in my loft bed.But i could also not move out as i was to anxious to leave her and loose all my friends and what we had together. I felt like i couldnt exist without her. Now, 6 weeks ago i had a nervous breakdown. My system just kinda gave up to work and i was sure to be going insane while still trying to pressure myself to finally "heal my fear". I had to go to a mental hospital again and now i´m on medication again and have to stay with my parents. I will never be able to return to my flat and my friends. I lost everything. I feel severe inner pressure, i am terribly afraid of losing my mind , i will never be able to return to the place that was my home in Berlin again because of my jeolusy and feelings of identity loss and all i think of all day is how to kill myself quickly.I cannot bear this suffering anymore.My future is a dark whole filled with fear and pain and mental problems. My body is numb, my nervous system exploded. I know i will destroy the lives of my family as they are quite lovable people. My grandma already comitted suicide. I´m sure my sister would do it aswell if i do it and my mother would go insane .I dont now how to survive this.