Never knew you could be suicidal while drunkMy sorry if im writing gibberish but my mood went from 100 to 0

My problem in life is that no one wants to be in a relationship with me or maybe it's just that life's changing I really don't know exactly.

I'm a realtivly good looking guy even though I genuinely hate but everyone tells me I'm cute and hot I jus front see what they see.

The first girl that I was trynna get with in grade 12. I loved her with all of my heart. We planned on traveling the world together, doing graffiti, open a pot farm, etc... I personally was against having kids myself but her she said she loved me so much that we planned on it one day. Im not gonna go even slightly in depth with this but I have a whole 8000+ word note in my phone of everything she said to me that made me feel special. Found out she said everything I just said to 4 other guys and fucked 8 guys for free weed and drugs and yes she admitted to it. I was heart broken since she was the closest I've been to being in a relationship. I moved on quickly.

My best friend:

Me and my bestfriend max have been bestfriends before kindergarten so 15 years now. We became friends with benefits in grade 7 and fucked around constantly like sending nudes giving me blow jobs and handjobs all these years. We used to sext 2 or 3 times a week since grade 9 - 12
We were so horny for each other imagine quagmire if she had a quagmire girlfriend but they are exclusive to each other. That's us

She was unpopular and bullied crazy and so was I in middle school. We just graduated and she left highschool incredibly popular and I left highschool with her and 2 others being my ONLY friends. 

She hits guys hitting her up and I don't have girls hitting me up, she goes to party's, I dont, shes rich, I'm not.

I genuinely have loved her since elementary school and she used too also
 Anyways my point: 
We rarely sext or mess around anymore. It went from 3 times a week to I'm lucky if we mess around once a month and it kinda hurts alot. Knowing the if another guy took my place and it really hurts me since ringer no action.

She knows I like her since I told her and I flirt and she's happy that I told her and we are celebrating Valentine's this year and she said she's looking forward to it more then anything and she genuinely seems super excited. But I asked her out and she said she isn't looking for a relationship but one day she would love to be with me. She tells me all the time that I'm the most amazing sweetest person she even knew etc.... I'm too drunk to write it all out since eits a. Lot. But basically I'm her most favorite and valued friend and I'm unlike any guys she's ever met and every girl need a guy like me. She tells me this all he time. She NEEDS to hangout with me EVERY.SINGLE.DAY even if it's for 5 minutes she needs to see me.

I'm sorry that this post might be stupid as fuck but this is the only place I feel comfortable about posting this since r/depression and r/vent is a very unwelcoming place. I just really need someone's else's opinion