I want to. I feel like it's the only escape. But I can't for my kids.I'm pregnant and have a baby. I hate my life. But I love my children to bits. 
Their father is emotionally and physically abusive. I've tried leaving, but I have no where to go. All of the women shelters in my area are full, and no one I know can take us in. I have no job, and can't get one due to the pregnancy. 


He is rarely abusive. Maybe once every other month, but he says the meanest things to me. I feel so worthless, I feel like I don't deserve to be alive. But I need to stay for my children. I need to find a way for them. But it's so hard. 

I would never ever hurt them, so don't you dare think I would be the type to end up in the paper for killing them and myself. It would only be me if I ever would, and only when someone else is watching them. 

Either way I can't. They need me. If I'm gone then the custody will go to their father. And that just can't happen. They don't deserve that. 

I want out so bad. I feel miserable, he makes me hate my life. But at the same time I feel like there will be no life without him. I feel so alone. Like I have no one to talk to. I can't talk to him because anytime I cry or show emotion he just gets mad. 

The last time he abused me was on valentine's day. I was sad that he didn't do anything for me, even though I was making his favorite dinner. And because of that he got mad. And the anger escalated to screaming at me, telling me he doesn't like me, making fun of me because he knows I have no where to go.  he pushed me out the door with no shoes or coat and it was -5 degrees out. I nearly had permanent damage on my toes due to Frost bite,as I was out there for 10 minutes with no shoes. 

All because I was sad that he didn't show any love or anything on valentine's day. 

I can't live like this, and I can't risk my children growing up to become like him, or be damaged by seeing their father hurt their mother. Or worse, if he were to ever start hurting them. 

I feel so trapped.