I need help. Bad.I want to preface this post with a disclaimer. I did initially post this to r/depression but nobody commented on it. I figure this is as good a place as any to vent, so bear with me. This is a kind of a long post.

I really and truly do not know how to feel anymore. I want to kill myself, but at the same time I don’t. Sometimes I feel like just giving up and running away from home. The only thing that’s keeping me going is the upcoming release of Mortal Kombat 11. I know. My only reason to live is for a video game. How stupid is that, am I right? Under normal circumstances, I’d say “so what,” and wait for it to come out like every other video game I want, except I’m kind of dedicated to this game; I preordered it for $60. I’m kind of obligated to stay home until the game comes out.

I should probably mention that I don’t know how to drive. Besides playing video games, my idea of fun is walking to a bridge a couple of miles from my house with my phone and watching youtube on my phone until my phone dies. It’s not glamorous. I’m literally just watching youtube in another location besides my house, but because it’s NOT my house, I find it fun.

I just think I should give up trying. I have no friends, and nobody wants to be my friend. If, by chance, I do get in contact with someone, they don’t text me first. I can’t remember the last time I received a text from anyone other than my father saying “hi, how are you.” My father also makes it extremely difficult to talk to as well. If it’s something HE wants to talk about, he will reply to me. But if it’s something I want to talk about, he will either text back saying “ok cool,” reply with a thumbs up, or not even reply to me. I was told that maybe he just isn’t a texting person, and I believed that at first. But then, I see him having fully fledged conversations with other people just fine and dandy. I can probably count all the replies my father gives me on one hand, yet he still expects me to reply to him when he texts me something. 

I’ve run away from home probably three times and constantly consider running away a fourth time because I don’t want to deal with my father’s bullshit anymore. The first time was a mistake, I thought he was kicking me out of the house (we got into an argument over something so miniscule that I forgot what it was) but it turns out he didn’t kick me out, he was just trying to tell me I could leave whenever I want since I’m an adult. The second time I ran away from home, I was thinking irrationally. I refused to let my mother drive me home and simply walked away. It was in the middle of the summer and it was 80°. By 6pm I was badly sunburnt, and I think I was suffering from heat sickness. When my father texted, asking how I was doing, I just gave up and asked him if I could come home. The third time was just me being selfish. I got in trouble and as punishment, my father didn’t want to drive me to see my mother. I just took my bag and my water bottle (I have a plastic refillable water jug that I fill up every couple of days with tap water, it saves money) and walked out of the house. I didn’t realize until much later that if I walked to my mom’s apartment it would take four hours.

My father keeps talking about selling our house and “moving to the mountains,” and since I can’t drive and can’t afford a place of my own yet, he keeps telling me that I’m coming with him. I don’t WANT to live in the mountains; it’s not that I don’t like it, I quite enjoy the peace and quiet, but my mom told me herself that if dad and I move I won’t be able to visit her anymore. Part of visiting my mom as often as I do is to get AWAY from my father.

I feel that I can’t send pictures of myself to women. I can get a conversation going for several days but as soon as I send a picture of myself to them, they say “Oh,” as if they were expecting me to look attractive. Then they stop texting me back. People keep telling me that they’re “too busy” to reply to my text, and I think that’s just a bullshit excuse because half the damn time I follow them on social media, and I see them posting every five seconds. This means that they actually WEREN’T busy, they just didn’t want to talk to me. One time, I had someone tell me “I gotta go, my sister stabbed herself in the hand and I have to take this to the hospital” and they swore that what they said was 100% real. I believed them at first but two days later they still didn’t text me back. I called them on it and they agreed, saying “I just didn’t want to talk to you because you’re ugly.” I’ve also had women, on more than one occasion, fake suicide because they didn’t want to talk to me. Don’t get me started on that, that’s another story for another time.

My depression started when I broke up with Evelina, my ex-girlfriend. I still love her and I know she still has feelings for me because if she doesn’t, we wouldn’t talk every day. We both think it’s a mistake; whenever I ask her to take me back, though, she says no. Doesn’t want to disappoint her mother who wishes we don’t get back together.

I know I shouldn’t value myself based on interaction on social media, but another reason why I’m depressed is because nobody seems to want to comment on my posts. I have tried everything, but it got to the point where I sometimes WANT to post something, but I choose not to because I know it’s just going to be ignored. If it were just on places like Instagram or Twitter or that sort of thing, that would make sense but even on facebook, where my only friends are people I know in real life like my FAMILY, my posts go ignored.

I take blood pressure medication. I used to take Motrin twice a day because of a lump that formed on the roof of my mouth. It’s gone now. I really feel like just overdosing. I had a festering rash that started on my left leg but spread to my right leg, my right arm, and my side. I was prescribed a steroid (cephalexin) and an antibiotic (prednisone) and bought some diphenhydramine in the form of Benadryl to help with the itching. I have overdosed on Benadryl twice. You’re only supposed to take one pill every four hours or so, but during the last week before my rash went away, I took six before I went to bed because I didn’t want a repeat of an incident where my rash itched so bad it kept me up until 6am nearly in tears. I have learned that taking more Benadryl than you’re supposed to can cause sleep paralysis. Sleep paralysis is not fun. I think I encountered Leila. You know you fucked up big time when a succubus you made up in your head for a story you wrote appeared in front of your eyes. 

The only thing stopping me from overdosing on Ibuprofen is that I heard overdosing is a terrible way to go and that it’s painful. It was years ago when I wanted to kill myself but the only drug I had access to on hand was ibuprofen. I looked up what the side effects of ibuprofen are and a small adventure on Google led me to a story of a thirteen-year-old girl who overdosed on ibuprofen and wound up in the hospital. She died, but it wasn’t the pills that killed her; her liver shut down first.

I really don’t know what to do and I’m sick of it. If anyone knows what to do or has any advice, I’d love to hear it.