Any Advice?So, my mother tried to kill herself on Tuesday morning, I found her and called the paramedics. She's in the hospital recovering however I don't know what to do. She lives alone, has almost no friends anymore due to her being her drama queen, narcissistic self. I live about two hours away with my dog and partner.  My father (her ex-husband) and grandmother live close to her but want nothing to do with her. She's screwed everyone one of us over time and time again in many ways like fraud, theft, and general lying. I'm the only one who continues to talk to her and maintain a relationship because we used to be super close even after all the shit she's pulled and I'm trying to maintain a relationship with her, my family tells me to cut ties often. For all intents and purposes, I'm an only child so I can't ask for help from siblings, because the two siblings I do have are in America, where adopted, and don't know our mother almost at all because she doesn't want to talk to them. We only found each other fairly recently after more lies and turmoil created by my mother. She's a real walking disaster.  


So, I don't know where to go from here. She surely can't be left on her own again? They can't discharge her into the same situation, right? She can not live with me under any circumstances. The last time we did that she didn't pay a penny to her keep, made me literally insane to the point where I wanted to die myself. She messed with my relationship because my partner doesn't like her due to all the things she's done to me before, fraud, theft and the like, his feelings have ground to stand on so I can't begrudge him that. 

We can't afford to move close to where she lives, we've been priced out of the market in that area (we rent) and the last time we tried to remain there to be close to our families and friends we ended up in a lot of debt which will take a long time to claw our way out of.

I feel well and truly stuck. I've even thought about assisted living for her, she's 50, but those buggers cost 400-500k in the area she is in PLUS the weekly rent £600-800pcm. My rent for my whole house is only 800! You can see why we've been priced out. She is a broker than I am. I can't see a solution to this which doesn't leave her alone in her flat again.

I thought maybe getting her a cat but she needs people not a cat, she couldn't look after a dog which would have been a better option but it's too much work for her as her health is poor.

I'm kinda jumping from shit idea to shit idea and they'd all work but they'd be damaging to me, my relationship or our financial health and I've only just got my own mental health under control I don't wanna lose what little grip I have and sacrifice it for her.   


I think at this point I'm just venting but it would be wonderful if anyone has a magic solution, one which isn't just ignoring her and walking away to focus on myself lol. Currently, I'm feeling quite hopeless about it all.