Don't think I can stay here much longerI came to this sub as a therapist who often works the back end of suicide attempts. Tomorrow morning I teach yet another community education program on identifying early warning signs of suicidal ideation. I didn't come here to do therapy, but I came here as a survivor of suicidal ideation who has managed to find tremendous light at the end of the tunnel. 

I am an adult who was diagnosed with Asperger's at 35. Until then, I had no concept of why life was so difficult for me. However, I walked through hell, and feel confident walking through hell with anyone else as well. 

The problem is that this sub, especially in the last week or two, has changed from SuicideWatch to WatchSuicide. I don't think I can do that. I can't stand by and watch OPs reach out for validation instead of a hand to hold through the night. I can't watch commenters wishing success to those we're here to help find hope. 

I'm not subscribed to /gore, but I'm not afraid to face the fields of human suffering. But, for me, there has to be some kind of hope that what we're doing here is a good thing, a positive thing. I haven't gotten that feeling much at all, if even, for some time. And I read nearly every post, nearly every comment response. 

I am in no place to judge OPs here, but I would ask that those considering ending their lives to at least come here open minded enough that we here in the sub care. If the decision is made to die tomorrow, what purpose does it serve to lay that burden on the supporters here when there's no chance that you'll listen to our perspectives? What is left behind is another soul lost that we failed,  something we didn't say, something we could have done better. This sub is transforming from a beacon of hope of like-minded peers into a cesspool of survivor's guilt. 

Again, I have no authority over anyone's life, but I feel this sub has the potential to be a light in a very dark place. I feel we're losing the battle to keep the light alive. Every post title is ___ I will die, and this is how I'm going to do it. I don't want to leave, but I'm not sure I can stay. 

I will do my best to be patient, but I implore OPs to at least be open-minded that as bad as you feel it is, someone here has probably been where you are, or can empathize. At least commit to listen to their experiences and give their point of view a chance. There has to be hope here, or we're all lost. 

Thank you for your consideration. 