I'm in a life or death situationRight now I feel as though im in a life or death situation. I just typed this out on my phone and i needed to share it on reddit. im feeling absolutely terrible right now. the following passage only scratches the surface of all the life problems i have that involve family, friends, responsibilities, free time, and high school in general. I am a 16 year old male. 

Are you in a life or death situation? Right now for me the answer is yes. I'm afraid I will finally give in and just kill myself. The battle for my life is one within myself. The theme of this story is man vs himself and right now. Man is losing. But why am I losing? It's my own fault. All my choices have put me in this situation. I need to start doing the opposite of what I usually do. Talk to different people and don't be so serious about like and philosophies and shit all the time. Keep an open mind. But then again, why should I go out again? I have tried several times before and have just been made fun of and shot down even further into the depths of Tartarus. Or is that a lie I tell myself? That I have tried before when I really haven't tried my full 100% effort to get out there and get happy. Maybe that is a lie I tell myself, but I think the fact that I'm not sure about it tells me that I am lying to myself. Then again, I can't try 100% cause I have other aspects of my life that are important and I can't just focus all my energy on trying to get friends and acceptance cause I think that's what happiness brings. But according to the movies I just need to accept myself and then I will be happy. Right? I don't know. I can't just give up on my responsibilities in life and stuff like school and family just so I can go out and try. I don't want to try. I'm so confused about my life. So many questions. I try to find answers in philosophy. But it's just answers filled with no backbone. No strength. I need strength. My anxiety when around people is immense and I don't know why, I know most of the people I know like me to some extent or at least accept me but I care so much. Also, even though their my friends I'm still constantly ridiculed by everyone. They say they're joking. But are they really? Is the pain I feel emotionally and mentally when they attack me real? Yes. I just don't know. I feel empty. I need something to fill it. Passions haven't filled it. Projects are only temporary fixes. I don't know what will fill this void. I just don't know anything. 
I just want answer mainly to what can help me fill my void cause that kills me the most. If any other part bothers you more though feel free to address that please.

sorry for the bad grammar and shit, i kind of just dont give a fuck about it right now. 