I've set a dateI'm going to kill myself on December 30th if nothing gets better by then.

My story: 
I've dealt with anxiety, ocd, and panic since I was about 3 years old. I would line up my toys and if one was missing I would freak out. Fears escalated to diseases, rare illnesses, and cleanliness. There was a good half a year where I washed my hands like 20 times a day. 

Once middle school hit this turned into a more social anxiety. I was obsessed with fitting in. With having friends. With not being alone. 
Pretty normal stuff.

Then softmore year. I had a massive panic attack while smoking weed and felt derealization for the first time ever. I obsessed over it for months until one day I kind of just stopped. 

That obsession came back 2 years later. Worst 6 months of my life. Then I met the love of my life. Literally the most beautiful girl I've ever met. My mental health issues disappeared for a short time. 

Fast forward a few months. I start obsessing again. Constantly ruminting. Every day all day. My obsessions range from obsessing over emotions, like trying to hard to feel them, to obsessing over unanaswerable existential questions. 

When I say this is all day every day, I mean it.

Fast forward to today. Girlfriend broke up with me 3 months ago. Said I didn't make her happy anymore. At this point I've seen 6 different therapists, I've tried every kind of therapy, ERP, CBT, etc. I've seen 4 different psychiatrists, tried 4 different meds. Nothing. At this point I'm so far into my own head I can't even really feel emotions. I'm just blank, and sometimes I panic and I'm always depressed. I can't do this anymore. Even if there's better times head it's just not worth it. This is who I am, I'll never be able to get out of my own head. I don't want to live anymore. There's no cure to anxiety ocd and depression. I can't deal with this for my whole life, even if it's managed. I'm not strong enough. 

I'm going to kill myself on December 30th this year if nothing gets better.

Sorry if this post left out some details, my head is so cloudy and I haven't had the ability to properly express myself in months. 

If there's another option I'll try it. But there isnt. This is my fate, I'm just gonna hang on for the next few months because I have just a sliver of hope left. 