The focus on "suicide prevention" instead of the root issues shows that others truly only care about themselves.Society abhors suicide as most people in society become very sad when someone dies and they have to acknowledge it. Society does not care about depressed people who do not die, as it is easy for most people to ignore. Because of this, society chose to ban suicide and prevent it with extreme levels of force, condemning "suicidal persons" to a hospital where they cannot commit suicide and can be ignored by most people. Most people now do not have to care that many of these "suicidal people" suffer every day even with "treatment," as no suicide occurs in them so they can ignore these people.

Any "caring" about the depression these people face only extends so far as preventing suicide. This is why most suicide hotlines do not accept calls from people not in "imminent danger" and why mental hospitals do not accept people who are "not a risk to themselves."

It always brings a smile to my face to know that I can and will kill myself when I choose. I'm alone very often now, nothing is fulfilling anymore, and I want to die. Many people here and in other places believe I should not be allowed to kill myself because I am lonely. Most of them won't take any steps to actually stop the loneliness, the ones that do end up ghosting me after a few days. Their beliefs about my actions are meaningless to me. I'm glad for once someone's feelings will have no bearing on what I do with my life. Fuck them, it's only my life and not theirs to regulate.

Most of the people on reddit only care that suicide doesn't occur. That's why the people on this sub like to dox posters to call the cops and never follow up. It's never about the effects on the person, it's about *preventing suicide at all costs.*

It's so fucking entitled when people squeal about how how bad it is for me to kill myself while never actually giving a shit about the underlying issues and telling me to just &gt;stop caring about being alone.