" A world not meant for a boy like me... "I am writing this post because I really don't know what I have left in life and I feel like I shouldn't write a proper letter to my family before I go out in another world... I don't want to hurt them and I cant trust anyone, everyone abuses me. Im a freak and no one loves me and Im always the problem. Anyways... If you guys don't really have much to do I want to write my story, about my life... About the goods and my bads, but I feel like at this point that everything good in my life always as a sad or a bad memory attached to it.   


I should probably present myself. My name is Nathan and Im 16, Im a French boy and everyone in my city knows me for being the rejected one. I got to school when I was 5 years old, I remember when I was 4 I really wanted to go to school because I was trying to write "words" on a piece of paper and always asking my mom if it meant something, and of course it didn't. I remember my first day of school my mom dropped me in front of the house and went into the bus. My first day, the best day of my life and beginning of my worst nightmare.   
A week later everything went normal but I remember that one day our bus was late that day, not a big deal. Our bus driver didn't had a great day and when I asked him to drop me of to my house he didn't stop and dropped me almost a mile from my place. I walked for an hour before stoping from exhaustion to a house with kids of my age playing outside, I asked them if they could drop me at my home. At that moment, I don't know why, I felt like I would always be unlucky and shit like this would always happen to me. That same year I got bullied, my face punched by other kids because I was "weak" and didn't had an attitude like all the others. "School is fun they said..."  


I went from school to school after that, I had moved to my current house and left my old neighborhood. I had to start all over, a big deal back then... The fallowing year I met one of my best friends, Leo. We play together and he would protect me from being attacked by the other kids. That was until he moved to another school, my "savior" wasn't there anymore and kids started bullying me again... Suicide was in mind even back then because of all that...  
I moved to a lot of school and never got success... I remember in 4th grade I moved to another school to have a chance of not being bullied and my mom told me to not do anything and ignore the other kids, don't talk to anyone and be like the other kids. That day, at the recess, I saw a little kids, he was maybe 5 or 6 years old being pushed and punch in a corner by two older kids, older than me. I felt bad and I yield : "Hey ! Stop punching this little kid, why don't you take someone of your strength" And that's how I started being bullied that year, for being kind... And that fucking kid never talked to me again...  


AND GOES LIKE THAT FOR ALL MY YEARS SO FAR ! Switch school, be bullied, being harass on facebook, etc... Trust me Ive talk to specialist and thought it was stupid I don't know why, I didn't really trusted them because I couldn't tell them I wanted to kill myself because I didn't want my parents to know... And now Im here Im 16, Ive got a girlfriend that loves me but I don't feel like I do, I got parents who "cares" about me, that's when my mom doesn't scream at me and push me or when my dad punch me or grab me to throw me on the wall. I feel like mY life would be so much better if... If I was dead... I don't know... I couldn't mention everything in this post but, yknow… I just cant stand it anymore... My life would just be so much better with a rope on my neck. I would be in peace, finally... The only thing at this point that is stoping me is the feeling of emptiness after I live my body or if there is even something after we die. Is it like church would say, you are in paradise and you've got your own perfect world? Even this, I don't want that. I would love a world that would accept me as I am and I would love someone that would understand and listen to me without judging. That's what I want... Hurting myself doesn't relief the pain anymore and It would be better for me to leave I think...