I’m so invisible, I can’t even see myself anymore.I’m the person that gives the last of all I have because I know what it is like to have nothing. I’ll drop whatever I am doing to help another. I’ve been stolen from, beat on, used, time and time again. I’ve tried so hard to keep a positive mind and constantly make changes that are possible but I am at the end of everything. I can’t do it anymore. Nothing is ever good enough, nothing is ever enough, no matter what I do or how hard I try nobody sees me, especially for who I truly am. I’m the pushover that will lend you my last few dollars that is bill Money, to not be paid back, then when I ask to be paid back I’m a bitch. It’s not just with one person, it’s been SO many people. I truly feel like I’m here as a punching bag and provider to be disposed of. I’m tired. I’m becoming numb again. I have made so many changes to try and better myself and my life but the fact is, I’m stuck. Financially in ruins because of other people. My mom used my identity the day I turned 18 and wrecked my credit before I knew what credit was. I had to have back surgery due to neglect as a child and am seen as a liability so jobs are hard to come by and of course with shit credit college is out of the question. I tried for loans and grants, it’s just not happening for me. I don’t understand why. I take so much pride in being a good person since I know so many shitty people. I’ve saved for years for it to be stolen, twice. Therefore, I find myself saving just to get afraid of it being stolen again which is stupid but I do it subconsciously. Since my nephew was born I have been there for him since day one, to the point I can’t get him to stop calling me Mom. It’s a really fucked up situation and yesterday just really knocked me down hard. I can’t do it anymore. I can’t take the abuse. Mentally or physically anymore. I can’t afford to leave this house and all I do is work, of course it has to be side jobs for whatever amount because again, liability issues apparently. Tons of applications out and nothing happens. When it does, it doesn’t. Last night I went out and drove around for hours just debating on whether or not to go off a mountain side and end it. Somehow, I ended up back at Hell house. I want to die because I know I’ll always be stuck. It’s been years of the same shit, with me constantly trying and to just keep going. Nobody around me cares enough about me to see how broken down I am. It almost takes energy to force a smile anymore. I have nobody, I have nothing, I have nowhere. My eyes can barely stay open from crying and I’m tired of this feeling. Caring so much abt everyone else to not have one mother fucker even give a shit enough about me to notice I’m in so much pain. They maybe see if and just don’t care because well, they cause it. After my mom charged at me and threw me down, I just had this epiphany and realized nothing will matter or change regardless of what I do or how hard I try. All over miscommunication, sometimes I wish I would strike back. I never do, though. I don’t know why I always just take the hits. I am fucking 30 years old and all time has shown me is nothing I do will help. Ever. Nobody else cares so I figured I would say my goodbyes here on Reddit. I don’t know what’s in store for this world but I wish you all peace, safety, and happiness. Maybe my soul will protect some of you from something bad happening as that’s been my life goal, to help people. I can’t accomplish anything in life so maybe in death I can. Goodbye.