Cousin died, girlfriend wants to move out, dog is having seizures, alone in this city, what's the point anymore..I've dealt with depression of varying degrees of severity for most of my life. I've become very good at dealing with it, and believed that I would never be at risk of suicide. No matter how bad things got, I could always start from nothing and work my way up; nothing to lose.
Well, I made a terrible life mistake.
I fell in love and now my problems are affecting her. I feel like I lack empathy sometimes,  shows like House M.D. And Dexter always had some familiarity and is scares the shit out of me.  I want forethought to feel and understand how my actions affect her, but I always make mistakes that push her over the edge.  It seems like our relationship is solid, but then with a flip of a switch she's talking about moving out.  I'm such an asshole  ... it's hurting her. 
She and I hatched a plan to get my/our life on track. We were so optimistic. Her optimism gave me life and I knew things would be better ... but things didn't improve.
We had a plan to work for a year and then travel around South America.  She works so hard to provide for us, and the longer I spend with her, the more I see her wearing out and down. Despite my efforts to improve myself,...  Am I even giving it effort, ....  I never know even what thoughts in my head are mine sometimes.  I've mentioned to her how suicidal I was when I was younger.  I've talked about my horrible relationship with my father, about how I always rationalize my actions, about how I always feel so fucking alone all the time.  I've been living up in SF for 3 years now and don't even have a single friend is be comfortable talking about these things with, that I'd feel comfortable just asking to stay at their house for the weekend because she wants me to leave our house.    I'm a fucking wreck and It's really getting to her - she sees how hard I try, she sees my incredible potential, she knows first hand how good I am at what I do ... and it really bewilders and discourages her that I can never truly see it. I'm a good looking guy, I'm in shape and have weird sports that I do. I teach flying trapeze and like highlining and climbing.  But I know that that's all just physical abilities and it fucking kills me that the emotional and empathetic aspects are so fucking lacking.  It's driving her as insane as it used to drive me.
And now here comes that tired, cliche phrase: She would be better off without me.
I mean that rationally, not just emotionally.
Without me, she wouldn't be saddled with the burden of supporting both of us. She has the biggest heart and is the most nice and generous person I've ever met. She has loving parents who she can actually talk to and lean on without feeling like a failure. She will be just fine. She can continue to progress through life, doing better and better. I am literally dragging her down at this point.  I feel like my usefulness has run out. I feel like I really opened her up to my silly community of aquantices and the joy of cheap exciting thrills that come with adventure sports.  But now I feel like I am the worst thing for her.  All the 'kinda' friends in this thrill sealing community love her and see how great and amazing she is and seeing their sunny face whenever she comes just feels like the last pillar of support (be it not a very stable one already) has just slowly deteriorated.  My weight is destroying her, and in turn is leaving me helplessly dependent on her.
I'm hurting the one I love the most by being an incurable loser.
I love her too much to let this continue. I'm trying and doing everything I can think of to get us out of this but, the only rational thing I can think of is to kill myself. 

I don't want to die. I'm afraid of just adding to her pain and the pain of the few friends I think I have, especially because my cousin just died yesterday in a car crash, and his sister is one of my closest friends.  She literally called me crying today while I was shopping and told me how sad she was about it even though she fucking hated him and hasn't talked to him in years, and then she talked about how I need to be more careful with my free solo climbs and highlines and how she's happy I have a big van and don't drive recklessly anymore because if I died it would just devastate her.  She's going through so much right at this moment and I feel like my fears and anguish about my shortcomings and desire to just end it all for the good of everyone would just be too much.   I want to be able to just be ok.  I want to be able to take solace in the physical skills I've honed over the years, but it all just feels so hollow sometimes.  This is the only rational solution I can come up with that is of the greatest possible benefit to everyone involved, even if it will end up hurting them in the short term.  They deserve better, she deserves a chance to find someone that can truly understand her and give her what she deserves.  I need to set her free. I owe her that much, but I don't feel like I can do that without just being a horrible mess that society has to deal with.  Just removing myself from the equation seems better.

Perhaps I'll just by a ticket somewhere and not let them know that I've killed myself.   They can get use to not hearing from me while they think I'm just adventuring off in the world somewhere, and then it won't be so hard on them
