I will terminate myself when I turn 18Sorry for the grammar mistakes as english is not my mother language. No throaway because I don't need it.

As said in the title I will commit suicide as soon as I turn 18, the reason for that is that I'm useless: I haven't left my house in 3 years, I don't have any friends (literally), I have never worked in my life, I'm a obese piece of shit and last time I weighted I was around 115 kg, I cant hold conversations for more than 1 min, nobody except my grandma cares about me, and everyone expects me to be successful because i know english and can handle a computer even though i barely know how to cook, most of all I'm extremely dumb and lazy, and it only gets worse everyday that passes.

I have no one to blame for all of this **BUT MYSELF**, i have never been abused in my life, my mother has done everything to take care of me and my grandma but she is getting tired and i understand she wouldn't want me around when I'm already and adult, she has to help my sister and her husband financially and they all expect me to be the man of the house when i turn 18. 

I dont have any skills besides english and handling computers, and nevermind it was seven years ago i that i was still playing with car toys and dreaming of being a superhero, because in one year i will be old enough to work, drink, smoke, drive and have sex with people up to 40 years older than me, I will be a real man with responsibilities when i barely know how to make scrambled eggs or order a pizza. I will have fend off for myself and find a job and knowing my mom if i dont get a job before i turn 19 she will kick me out of the house. I can't blame her, i know i would do that to because I'm extremely lazy and i would probably never get a job if I'm allowed to not have to work. I doesnt help that im tall, fat, and im very hairy, so i look like 20 years old when in reality I'm 16.

This all started when i was around 13 when my grandma started losing her vission to cataracts, and I had to drop out of school for a year so we could afford the surgery for both her eyes. So for a year I didn't do anything but play videogames and watch movies and read, I gained weight and became very lazy, I convinced my mom to get me in a saturday school (i dont know what is it called) so i have 6 days a week which i waste procrastinating when i could be doing something to improve myself.

There is nothing i can do now that i will be 17 soon, I wont lose weight in one year, I wont learn any skills in one year, my grades are bad, I have no friends and I'm just a waste of time and money for my mom. I fucked up my life but **I don't want to end up being a hikikomori, or a neet or just a useless piece of shit and that's why I will kill myself**. I'm not even sad just kind of disappointed in what i have become and im really not sure what I can do to fix things, I have tried exercising, being more talkative, learning another language, playing instruments, but I cant im very, very lazy and everything that doesn't involve being passive makes me emotionally and physically exhausted.

So I will continue living for another year and try to enjoy my freeloader life, while i can, playing my videogames, and movies, and anime, and korean dramas and then I will die. As for how I will kill myself well since i cant get a gun, and I'm scared of ending up crippled from a fall, I will just get out of my house and start walking, and I will never stop or look back, I will just walk until I die of dehydration, or hunger, or in a car crash or I get mugged and raped or something, either way i will probably be missed but not needed.

edit: grammar