It’s easy to think that people won’t care.Just a little about me, I’m 19, in my senior year of high school (on break rn due to Corona), and I’ve been dealing with suicidal thoughts since around 5th grade. I don’t think they really started necessarily as “suicidal” thoughts, but more so as thoughts of how nice it’d be to just not have to exist. But through the years, I’ve noticed just how easy it is to completely convince yourself that no one would care. That if you died, life would go on and be back to normal within a few months. This was a mind set that had settled in my mind for years. Even after countless conversations with my mom, in which she told me that if I ever left before her, she’d genuinely wouldn’t be able to function in life. Even after I witnessed my sister bawl and yell when she saw a few cuts on my arm. Even after I saw my brother cry for the first time when I flew across the country and saw him again after 4 years apart. No matter how many I love yous, no matter how many times I was told that I’m someone’s world, it never really set in my mind that my death would have any real impact. It wasn’t until the death of my friend, the first real death in my life, for me to realize just how much of an impact it can have. I’m not gonna say we were best friends, or even great friends, but the hole it left, and just how long it took me just to come to terms with it hammered into my head that even if you might be a small aspect of someone’s life, you going away is going to have an impact. I can’t even wrap my head around what it would do to my family and friends. Im honestly just kinda ranting rn, sorry. But life has been looking really up since I came to this realization. I’ve been trying my best to be a better person. I’ve found a lot of incredible friends, people who I can’t imagine a life without, and I’ve been trying to be kinder to the people around me. Being a naturally bitter and angry person, it’s taken a lot of humbling and introspection to get here, but I’m unbelievable grateful I’ve been trying to better myself and my life. I feel better. 

I’m sorry for this long rant, just something I wanted to get off my chest. I still struggle with suicidal thoughts, almost on a daily basis. But they don’t seem as heavy I guess. I think about all the amazing people in my life, and how they’d feel knowing they’ll never see me again. I wish the best for all of you, and thank you if you made it this far haha. Much love, and I wish you nothing but amazing things in life!