My boyfriend knows about the thoughts I’ve been having, and wants to send me to a mental health facility. I don’t know what to do, so I’m just here I guess.I was at work, going over the options I had to make an attempt. Wanted it to be a guaranteed thing but also painless. Didn’t want to OD, too painful and hellish based on the accounts I’ve read here. No access to a gun. Didn’t want to speed down a road and wreck my car, might end up in the hospital, which is the exact opposite of what I want to happen. I’d tentatively decided on hanging; I’d tried it before but freaked out and stopped.

I was debating on writing a note out, an explanation as to why I did it, what I wanted my family to do with my bank accounts and social media accounts, arraignments for what would remain of me, etc.

But I’ve always had so much trouble writing down what I want. I can’t seem to articulate my emotions, my reasons behind my actions..I don’t think I could ever write it down in a way where it would be comforting to anyone who reads it.

Before I’d left for work, I’d given my boyfriend a quick summary on how bad I was feeling (he’d only known about how I hadn’t talked to basically anyone since Friday unless I was approached; or how I didn’t go farther than my bathroom until he’d called me at 11 at night and invited me to his place; how I’d hadn’t eaten much of anything from Friday night to Tuesday that I’d felt low energy and weak) but he didn’t know my thoughts, my urges.

He had me look him in the eye and said gingerly, “when I got off work, we’re going to have a serious talk about this.” My mental health is always sporadic, but there have been times where it had gotten so low that I’d have to stay with him for days at a time so he could keep an eye on me and make sure I was safe and eating at least once every couple of hours.

I got off and went home. I showered and then I went outside, sat in my front steps, and listened to music from life is strange: before the storm, and looked at the cloudy sky.

He pulled up in my driveway and sat down with me and we talked out in the 50 degree night. I was murmuring my words, almost straining to hear myself at times. I talked about how I’d always kept suicide as an option in the back of my mind and how sometimes the option would be forgotten and how during these times I had high hopes for me to graduate college and start a career and get an apartment and live with the love of my life; and how, when i got bad and the option became more of the only choice I saw, I realized that I was almost convincing myself that I could actually build a life despite believing that I will never amount to anything and how I’m inferior to everyone my age and how I have no sort of qualities anyone would find redeeming.

I talked about how I felt guilty for feeling this way because everyone I’ve told either would be absolutely heartbroken or terrified about me. How, if I told my parents, they’d break down and ask why I didn’t want to go to them and that I could just talk to them any time; how I felt like I couldn’t because, well, we don’t want to bother anyone when we’re like this.

I talked about how it’d be easier if I was completely alone.

He squeezed me tightly. I heard his voice break as he said “I know this is selfish of me to ask..but please, don’t do it. For me..”

My voice didn’t waver as I said “I’ve been doing that for 8 years now.”

He asked if I felt I needed to go to the mental health facility In the capital. I’ve never been to that one, but I’ve heard that it’s a bad experience, like most mental health facility experiences are I suppose.

“I don’t want to. But I guess I have to.” I wanted to die, I wanted to stop existing because I don’t see any sort of reason for me to try building this pathetic thing someone would call a “life”. But..at the same time, I’m scared. I guess it’s human instinct to be scared of what we don’t know, scared of death because we don’t know what will happen to our consciousness.

I wanted to die, but at the same time, I guess I was hesitant because maybe some sliver of hope existed within me that **maybe, just maybe** I could actually amount to something and build some semblance of a life.

He kissed me on the forehead. “How about you come over to my apartment and spend the night? I can keep an eye on you, and we can call that facility in the morning. But we’re gonna have to talk to your father about this.”

That was all last night. It’s now 1 in the afternoon. He’s been hesitant about making the call, debating on whether or not we should talk with my parents first. I don’t know what to do about it. I’m just here, in his apartment, waiting for something to happen.

I don’t like the idea of a psychiatric ward. I feel like it’s not going to help—I’m already in weekly dbt group, bi weekly individual therapy, and on medication. I’m convinced nothing is going to help and that I’ll be like this for the rest of my days, whether those days are limited or just a long stretch of time. I’ve been to 5 psychiatrists; 6 different medications, some for years at a time before I realized it wasn’t helping at all; 7 therapists. Nothing has helped me in the long run. Nothing has helped me “get better” in any capacity.

At this point..I think I’m just trying for other people. Maybe I’m just putting off the inevitable, shoving it aside for the next couple months or year or years.

I know that committing yourself takes a certain strength; but I feel like I would have been stronger if I had committed suicide.