I've survived three times and wish I hadn't, but let's talk about the experienceAt one point, I just really wanted out. Psychologists used to talk to me about what they called *The Essential Question*

* Is the pain of living greater than the pain of death?

If the answer is no, keep living, if it's not, commit suicide. Since then I no longer have the will to kill myself, now I'm mostly into self-destructive behavior since I'm now partially paralyzed.

Before I was paralyzed I did years worth of searching for answers, in medicine, religion and spirituality, and myself. 

I came to the conclusion that while life itself isn't exactly terrible, mine was, and I didn't care enough to change it. I saw two options, fix my head or end it all. 

Ending it all seemed like a better option every single time I tried. I remember those brief feelings of relief as I lost consciousness. It was greater than the weight of the world being released from my shoulders.

The crippling depression, the crushing anxiety, all of life's stresses. They were gone, if only for seconds. 

The first time I was separated from the military. The next time I lost my other job in the aftermath. The final time I was admitted to a specialized rehabilitation facility for six months. 

Every time I've been admitted to these places, I've left with the same feeling. 

* These things were a waste of time.

I never felt like real progress was being made. Just felt like people were stepping on eggshells, peddling drugs to me, and telling me pretty words. 

* No one ever gave me a good answer for the purpose of life and why I can't decide mine is to die

Honestly, my only real regret is not getting a gun back in the day to do the deed. 

Yet I'm still here, no longer emboldened or motivated by death's comforting embrace. Instead I'm stuck in this purgatory. 

No one has visited me since the last incident. I don't particularly blame them, I must look quite dramatic. My friends, the few that I've had, are going their own ways and I'm the first to be dropped, naturally. 

If there was a way to pass on my time to someone else, to give another 70 something odd years to some soul, I would give them all in a heartbeat.

Maybe they'll live authentically. That's all I ever wanted looking back, and it just burned me too many times. To make something of myself while staying myself.

Also, no one takes mental health seriously, especially men's. I reached out before without saying the words 

* I'm thinking about killing myself.

Nothing comes from that. No one wants to deal with a sobbing man who won't do the deed. But suddenly the only thing he has to give anyone is threatened.

Suddenly the tax base might get 1 person smaller.

Suddenly a worker bee might not be there to produce tomorrow.

Suddenly, a breeder won't grow the population and have a family.

Now they have to step in.

People call me pessimistic, but at least it's what I am. And no, these experiences aren't what made me pessimistic, I always was, always will be, and will die as one. 

Life itself isn't shit, but mine was, is, and shall be. There's no one to blame but myself. 

Now I'm going back to bed. It's the only release I have nowadays. Other than that I sit in my dark room, staring at the shades of my windows for hours at a time until basic human needs take over. 