lost all hopei can hardly breathe right now guys i live in a toxic environment, in the middle east. i have really strict parents and my mom has been harassing me and spying on me because she caught me talking to a guy on the phone, ever since then i feel like im just worthless to her. she goes through my phone and today she took it away idk for how long. she usually spies on me behind the door and has my location on her phone and at some point i had a panic attack because i felt like i wasting terrorized. the way she looks at me and treats me is so different from the way she treats my siblings who are doing much worse stuff than me, i know this is temporary and can get past it but its also a cyclical thing, she keeps doing it and im just done with it. ive tried to take my own life before and was sent to the hospital when we talked i told her that she makes me feel like i wanna kill myself. the next day she was really nice to me, but then she started saying how i need to plastic procedures like fillers etc?? as if that will make me feel better?? guys every time i tell her the only reason ive been distant is because of how she treats me, she turns it into my fault and she is the victim. i even told her to give her a little self awareness to see the difference between how she treats my brother and me, even though the mistake she yells at me for is nothing compared to his and he does the same. and she asked why am i comparing myself to him, i said because it bothers me to see her treat him like this while i get treated like shit.. and then she says my brother ( has anger issues) is mentally ill.. etc (hasn't been diagnosed but she says he has bipolar and that it runs in the family??).  nothing im telling her is entering her head like nothing at all. she turns everything into my fault and she's the victim. a lot of the issues she's yelling at me for wouldn't be there had we lived somewhere out of here. they're all heavily influenced by culture and religion. i have thought seriously about fleeing since my bf lives in the united states. but its really hard considering i cant leave the country without my fathers permission. and its also very scary.   
there's a gun in her night stand drawer that ive always seen and i checked and its still there and i really want to do it and just end it all. ive deleted everything and im just ready to take this step. my parents aren't home so they hopeful won't find my body but my sisters are and i just really want out.