Its tough living with chronic pain. Still here thanks for the words. I just want the pain to go away.Here is my previous post: http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/2letoi/six_weeks_until_the_big_day/

I'm living with chronic pain. I can't take it much longer. A spine injury has limited my life in such away that I can't describe. I don't know what I've done wrong but I feel that I'm being punished. About eight weeks ago a set a date to jump of the Golden Gate Bridge, I don't why there, its just always seemed romantic in a way. I wrote a 3 page note about it and everything, packed my stuff, took care of loose ends everything... I bought the tickets from Amtrak and went on BART and everything and 
 
-when I got close I just froze and started crying, thinking of my mother... I'm such a gutless coward. I'm her only son, my father killed himself and I just can't leave her... Not like this. She may be wicked at times but I can't blame her, she's had it rough.

The injury isn't really my fault, I was hurt on the job doing my job by a reckless employee. If there is proof of the Devil it is Worker's Comp. I am expected to live off of around $1,200 a year because it was a seasonal job, thats not even 2 months rent. I am covered it debt and they are reluctant to treat me. I don't know what I've done wrong, the pain is just so much. I use to backpack and climb and hike and have fun. Even though I was depressed I could run and ride my bike. Now I can't even tie my shoes... It hurts so much.

I'm losing friends because I'm not active, I'm negative, I'm in pain... I've tried everything I can in my power.

Its so fucking sad, workers comp declined my treatment so for my christmas gift my family paid for a steroid injection. It worked for around 2-3 weeks, now I'm devastated to say my pain is coming back with fury. I'm just lost, I don't really want to die I just want "equality." I want my dad, I want my ex, I want my old house, I want my old body...

 I just want to be free from pain, a clean slate. 

I was going to be a firefighter, I know it. I've done everything right in that path that I can. 

One year ago today was the last time I climbed a hill in my town, I use to run it 3x a week. I've lost 20lbs, my clothes don't fit, I can't even jerk off without pain. Workers Comp just denies my treatment, its like I'm not even a citizen. I was doing my god damn job and got hurt, if I was healed I would be working again giving back to their ROI. Doesn't that make sense?

I graduate from uni in 8 weeks and I need to find a job, but I am disabled and can't work in my related flied. I don't know why but the overwhelming sense of fear is crowding me. I don't have many friends anymore and I am having a hard time in school. I even pushed back graduation just to heal more.... 

I'm dealing with a lot of shitty situations with debt, theifs, legal issues (not my fault), shitty insurance. 

Pain in a way gives me a feeling of ADD/schizophrenia. I can't focus, I goto church and don't hear a word but it at least distracts me at time from the pain.

I can't deal with it... I'm having dreams of killing myself and being set free from the pain, their the best damn dreams I have... Every minute of my life I think about suicide, I can't deal with it anymore. I can't even pick up a butter knife without thinking of stabbing it in neck.

I just want the pain to stop, thats all. Just stop the pain. I can't sleep, I can hardly dream. I use to be a good man. Now I'm just a painful shell. I use to act, run and do comedy. I use to be the class clown, now I sit in the back clenching my fists and toes. 

It's been 18months since my accident and workerscomp just writes me off.

I see death as a release from pain, thats all I want. 

Death just seems like a painless life... Thats all I want, maybe I'll goto heaven, maybe I'll goto hell, maybe I'll come back painless, maybe I'll get a redo... I'm willing to risk it. I don't think I can make it through the weekend.