I hate being socially awkward people but I've come to find out I am one. I want to fucking dieI get nervous, I can't fucking keep a conversation going, I'd like to think im confident once convo begins but im monotone. I'm called quiet, I fucking HATE IT. I want a girlfriend badly but I can't talk to women because when I do it seems like the convo ends quickly and they lose interest. Hell even with guys they lose interest. Whenever I fucking talk because I have a speech impediment people always ask me to repeat myself or they look at me in a way where I know they don't know wtf im saying but they're trying to appear nice.

I'm fucking sick of this, I force myself into social situations, hell im part of a club of like 40 people but I literally during parties just stand by myself until someone talks to me because I cna't talk into a group. I can't ACT interested in anyone, I can't ask multiple questions it's hard for me to care, I try not to think anyones judging me but when I do...I find out someones judging me. 

I wish I could stay alive but I want to die because I feel like it's just something that would benefit society. Socially awkward people are weird, i'm weird. I'm shy and quiet, women hate that fucking shit but it's hard to be confident knowing women only like confident guys. 

I don't know what i'm doing in life. I used to be able to give people handshakes normally, now I somehow fuck it up. I'm fucking 22 in college I should be making friends but i'm not. I miss my community college social group but they left me when I left. I can't fucking go to therapy because I have no money, I NEED therapy but have no money nor insurance. Therapy is my only hope but right now I just have to constantly be in a state of anxiety. I'm always anxious, I've tried drugs, alcohol to make me confident but nope i'm still quiet. If I don't give a fuck and talk people still give me a weird look so it's REALLY hard to continue pretending while you watch their faces be confused then just talk to someone else. I don't say anything bad, I just say boring shit like, "whats your major" or "what do you like to do". I groom, I dress decent, I workout(I see results as well) and all that. Still not confident. 

I hate being socially awkward but knowing im socially awkward makes me worse, knowing that people hate insecurity, hate shyness in men, it's hard not to despise myself. It's hard to love myself when nobody is giving me reasons to love myself. It's like if someone is hated by everyone  for treating others bad but then that person starts loving themselves isn't that narcissism?

I don't know, I don't know wtf im doing with my life, idk what the fuck is going on, idk what im doing, fuck I spent over $500 everyday for past 6 days on escorts because I've been lonely. I keep looking at my bottle of codeine wanting to just drink it because that's the only drug that made me social, i've been pulled over for driving like shit, I honestly can't figure out what's going on. I'm in panic mode 24/7, I can't distract myself either, I can be studying, I can try to meditate, I can be working out and negative thoughts destroy my mind. I need help, I don't want to die but I do, I want a therapist but have no money. I dont even know why the fuck im writing all this shit.