Meh, just fuck itHi, the internet allowed me so many things so I thought that it should be my last resort, I'm gonna tell you my story and hopefully someone will read it as if it matters.

So about me, I'm a resident of a small country (english is not my first language), I live in a small village, but I don't really know anyone here. I was bullied in elementary school (I don't know if that's the right term) until I was about 15 years old. I've always been a great student, with no friends. My relationship with my parents wasn't that great, so being home was also a living hell... I started being accompanied by a psychologist when I was in 8th grade, who I stopped visiting in the beginning of high school.

I thought that it would all change and that I would be happy when I would start High School... but, despite the fact that I wasn't being bullied anymore, I wasn't happy and I didn't know how to express that to anyone, so I made a suicide attempt, a stupid one, and I was hospitalized. My parents visited me everyday and would bring me my phone so I could call someone, so I did, everyday I would call my high school crush, which was also a friend of mine, and she was very nice to me, but to be fair, she was in a position that she couldn't be any other way. I was finally discharged after a month and I asked her out, she made an excuse, and my 15 years old brain thought that it would be a good idea to just say that I loved her over text... She didn't feel the same way but she was supportive.
I stopped talking to her so I could get over her, and only resumed in the second year of high school. At that time i was being accompanied by the school psychologist, every week I had an appointment with her. I was contemplating dropping out of school and a few months later killing myself, and one week I just thought "fuck it, I'm gonna see if the psychologist can say anything to change my mind, if not, I'm gonna do it", so that day came, she couldn't convince me, so I just rode home in my motorcycle and didn't talk to my parents anymore for about 2 years.
During that time, I cut contact with my friends, my parents tried to get me fixed, by going to doctors who wanted to inject me with stuff that I didn't know what it was, by calling mediums to my house, by praying and lighting candles...
So all that it was left was online games, and online communities... I've made great friends here, and are the reason I am still alive.

So now, I'm back to school, I still talk to my high school crush from time to time (the only person from that time that I still talk to), but haven't seen her in 3 years. I've been in therapy with a psychiatrist for 2 years, but I feel that there is no point in keep going. I deleted my facebook yesterday, and I have made plans to end it soon, To be honest, only my parents will miss me, I wasn't a big influence in anyone's life, and I don't really know what I expect from this thread.

I have good grades, I have friends online, I know how to program (and already worked as a programmer), I'm not rich, but not poor either, I'm smart... It seems that I have everything that I could I ask for, and I'm still not happy (and I don't feel sad because of my medication), I don't see a point in life, there is no reason why I should make the effort to leave my bed every morning, or go to school, or get a job...


TLDR: I'm a pretty fucked up, depressed, 20 years old guy, who doesn't see a point in living life.