How on Earth do I get past this?I suffer from anxiety and undiagnosed depression and I will explain more about my undiagnosed depression down below. Onto my confession.
For a while I have been having horrible depression days and a whole bunch of suicidal thoughts. My thoughts range from extremely graphic to somewhat peaceful. I've even researched the perfect ways to die and what not to do. Of course I do not want to give anyone else ideas on how to end their own lives but that is just a thing that calms me down and makes me calm down and look at possible options to make it quick and painless for both me and possibly the crime scene cleaners. I do live with my parents and I definitely struggle with all the questions people do not usually think of once they died. I have to go away from myself and look at what others might experience. 
Who would find the body? How much of a mess would I make if I do decide to end it early? What would people think afterwards? Would my current image to others change due to me killing myself and having them know I was depressed? How would I explain everything while still keeping a good image of myself to others? How would I make it easier to help my family move on and help them grieve when they need to? While I put away everything I own, who should I write it for? Should I clean everything so it wouldn't be a burden for others? Should I place everything I own in storage boxes so they can throw out everything that they do not want or need anymore? Should I record my voice and turn it into a CD saying all their names and how much I love them? Or should I just end it suddenly with no explanation so they don't know how dark my mind was when I was alive? 
I don't plan on really going through with it currently due to the questions stated earlier. I would never want my mom or dad ever finding my body, that would break any parent for finding their child's body. Honestly, I really, really need help but I can't afford to ruin my current image to others. I can't get help myself because I am under 18 and I need a parent or guardian to sign off on my treatment and I don't want them to have to pay for my care. I can't just tell them because they would worry and reflect on themselves to see if they did anything wrong, which they did not and they would never look at me the same way after. If I told my psychiatrist, she would be worried about me again and tell my parents who would again, worry and be stressed about me.  The nearest psychiatric hospital is apparently not very good and has a large history of r*pe and the hospital is not very sanitary. The staff are also reported as not caring or being rude to the patients. My depression has been very tough on me and I am too scared to tell my psychiatrist or parents that I may need antidepressants because I again, fear them not looking at me the same afterwards. Also there would be several uncomfortable questions and I don't want my parents to worry about me more than they already do. I have already caused enough stress for my parents with my anxiety and quiting public school and going to an online school in which I am severely behind on due to not being motivated and stressed when my parents constantly tell me to do my work and just get over it. It's very stressful and I have breakdowns a lot but I do it in secret because my mom tell me that's life and suck it up. I only tell my mom what's wrong with me because my dad is quite hard to talk to about mental health because he doesn't understand. But my mom is starting to get at the end of her rope with me and starting to get angry if I tell her I had a panic attack or cry in front of her. It definitely makes me feel closed in and I am afraid to tell her these things now because she gets frustrated with me and blames me as her defense. She has a habit of blaming me as her defense mechanism and I take what she says to heart and use that to constantly critize myself. I am my biggest critic and so is my mom. For a time after I was diagnosed she was more gentile and showed more empathy with me but over the years since that she has became more frustrated with me. I've been lying on my schoolwork and tell her I do it when in reality I cry and sleep to get away from it all. She constantly calls and texts me to see if I'm doing my schoolwork and I tell her yes and I cry after the call because I am so behind and so stressed that I might have to redo my sophomore year of high school and that terrifies me. I already have to go back in January and I will have to overlap some of my current schoolwork just to get enough credits for sophomore year. I can't tell her this because she will get frustrated with me and most likely take my computer away which I use constantly to get the thoughts away. I always have to have music or YouTube going just to not think about everything that I have to do and even then it doesn't help. When I try and do the schoolwork, I become overwhelmed and cry. I play the sims to get away from everything and my mom is constantly telling me to do work, she wants me to do school work for over 8 hours when she's home. I can't focus and I want to end it but I can't with all the liabilities. I just want it to end and not be stressed about school or life.