I am scaredLet me give you a short introduction to my situation. I am 19 years old, and I am close to finishing a voluntary service in Hungary (eastern europe). For the past 11 months I have been working in a problematic part of the country, in a small town with an unemployment rate of nearly 40%. I worked in a students hostel for underprivileged children, mostly from the large Roma-minority here. These boys (it was only for boys) were highly troubled individuals from 14 to 20 years of age. Many of them were aggressive and had drug problems in the past and present, due to their partially horrific family backgrounds. There was one boy who I was doing a lot of stuff with, we played a lot of games together, I helped him with his homework and assisted him with his job applications. (He was 18 years old, in his last year of school.) He was an orphan, he lived with his aunt and brother before he came into our students hostel, the brother was not the kind of person you want to meet alone after dark, I know that he was in prison before and has drug problems since many years. I can't prove that my friend was abused, but he was not always able to hide all the bruises. 

Anyway, so much for the introduction. One day, I was walking to the school, where I gave homework help for the students struggling with the german language (my native language.) Since I was not a regular teacher, I did not have to be in school together with the students for the most time, I started at approximately 10 o'clock. When I was arriving at the school during a small break inbetween classes, I noticed something strange. There are always a lot of students standing outside, smoking cigarettes and talking. A little bit off the large groups was a small group of 5 guys, I saw that my friend was one of them. Which was unusual, since he never went outside during breaks (he did not smoke, and many of the guys standing outside were the "losers of life", who don't want to get a job, or can't get a job, and he enver wanted to hang out with these guys, since he thought it would be limiting his future.) 

I was standing on the other side of the road, waiting for all the cars to pass so I can cross the road. (It is a small town, we don't have any traffic lights.) All of the sudden, one of the guys in the group my friend was standing in, pulled out a knife and stabbed my friend several times, in the chest, the stomach and the neck. Of course, chaos followed. People running around, holding down the attackers, my friend lying on the ground, bleeding like I have never seen it before and could never imagine. He was screaming in pain, a scream I will never be able to forget. I screamed as he was trying to hold in his blood, feeling how life was leaving him. I stood on the other side of the road, completely paralyzed. Normally I am not a person who is just standing on the side, watching as the drama is happening, normally I am the first person to help, since I have training in first aid. But I couldn't do anything. I just stood there, watching my friend die. 

Later I found it he was killed for a major debt his brother owed to a drug dealer, and the situation escalated, which is not uncommon here, where so much agression is taught from the earliest childhood.

For everyone in the school and the students hostel life carried on as always. My friend was always a bit of a loner, the person he spent the most time with was me. But for me, life stopped right there. I still can't sleep properly, the memory is haunting me. Whenever I hear people shouting, or I just see people arguing on the street, I immediately freeze, unable to move, thrown back to that moment. I have hallucinations, I can see my friend everyday, standing or lying somewhere, looking at me and asking: why didn't you do anything? This happened 6 months ago, I just recently told my parents, it has been my secret so far, I don't want anyone to find out. 

I am 19 years old, I finished school with an excellent final score, I speak multiple languages, I was healthy, fit and in all ways ready to start a life on my own, however I wanted. But now I am a cripple, unable to live like a normal person. I was set up to succeed, now I am a failure. I can't start university in my condition, but I can't do regular work as well. I will just be a limitation to my parents, living in the house, not being able to do anything. That is not what I always wanted for me life.

I want to live, but I can't. I am scared of the future. What am I supposed to do? How am I supposed to carry on? How am I supposed to become what I want to be, how am I supposed to get a job, get a family and be happy? 


Sorry for wall of text and language mistakes. 