Don't know if it's all worth itSorry this is a drunken rant, 
I've been lonely forever and I've been empty for what feels like forever. The longer I go the more friends I lose and the smaller the prospect of me having a good future seems to get. I've suffered from complications with anxiety and depression for most my life and it has cost me a lot. I wont be able to finish my degree and will likely be taking another year or two to finish it while the few friends that I do have move out of state and forget about me. The anxiety I feel with finishing school and figuring out how the hell I'm going to pay for it builds everyday. I can hardly sleep anymore and it's making my school life even worse. I seem to only be able to get an hour or twos worth at a time before I'm awoken by nightmares or anxiety and then I just feel shittier. This whole last week has felt like one big day to me with me sleeping for a random hour here and there and there being no day/night cycle to bide my time by. I've begun drinking more than I would care for and that has me worried as well as I already have enough problems but I hardly feel ok without it. Last weekend I had a drunken breakdown at my friends house during a small get together. I can't even fucking remember the beginning or the end of it, all I can remember is being on the floor and begging for forgiveness for ruining the night and crying about stupid shit involving some poor decisions I made in bad situations in the past.Out of the people there one had been aware of my shit in the past and I never really talked about this kind of stuff with the other one. I didn't mean to have a breakdown and I can't even remember how it started as I was drunk but at the same time I don't really want to know what all I  said. My friends were supportive but whats the fucking point when all the friends that I have lost have been too. Despite their response I feel like I am just one step closer to losing them all. I am so sick and tired of everything just hurting. I wish I could see the world through the eyes of people that seem to enjoy it.  I don't know were to go or what to do or what comes next and it feels like a vise is around my heart. I know that I have already lost. I'm only alive because of a fluke and the fact that I objectively know that I am weak of spirit will never go away. How can someone like me claim living is worth it while knowing that I failed and that none of this will really change. It feels like the future is set in stone and I am hopeless to change it.