im sorryi just want to kill myself. i literally just have zero hope. i just graduated high school and i have too much anxiety and im too sad to enroll into college(also money) and it's sad because i was such a good student in high school. i did community college for two days before i dropped out because i felt like killing myself.

i dropped out and told myself i was going to get a job to save up and just help my family but no one will hire me. i have no experience. i've been applying for two months. i can't help my family pay the bills. everyday they talk about jobs. my family is poor, i literally haven't gotten new clothes since last august and nothing fits anymore. 

i drove away all my friends because i'm too sad and i didn't want to bring them down with me. i can't even afford to get help. 

i don't want to try overdose because i've tried that all three times and it never worked, i just threw up and was shaky for a couple days no matter how many MORE pills i took. one time i was walking home from school because everyone forgot to pick me up and no one was answering and i was just going to jump in front of a train but one of my old friends saw me on the street while i was waiting and gave me a ride home.

i have nowhere to hang a noose from, but listen. i am just MISERABLE. i cry every single day. on top of that, i have such a shitty mom. i have no hope, it's like my brain is on tunnel vision and my only option is suicide. 

i have nothing to do. the friends i do still have only always do things that require money. i hang out at their house and they always want to go out and do stuff that requires paying. i can't do it.

i just give up. i know im young and i have ' a life ahead of me' but im too poor for college, no one will fucking hire me and i have nothing else. i just want to kill myself. i think i'm going to drown myself at the lake or something since i don't know how to swim. i didn't want to do anythng public because that would be inconsiderate but i dont have many choices. jus venting