My therapist thinks I'm lazy, but I feel like I want to die.I'm 21 and My life hasn't been good for a very long time. Through grade school I was relentlessly bullied and had little help at home due to my mom trying to keep a roof over our heads while dealing with my alcoholic father.

 I eventually dropped out of high school due to my severe anxiety and got my GED. I've been trying to get my life together and recently and have been going to college to get a degree. I still live at home with my mom so I figured It would be a good idea to get a job to help pay bills. 

I had a job at a pet store before but I had gotten very ill and was out of commission for a few months. Now I applied and was hired to another pet store but I can't handle it. The people make me so incredibly anxious and the downtime at the store makes my thoughts go completely negative. I was able to manage my anxiety and depression at my previous job but it seems that here I just can't cope with the everyday actions of working at a store. 

I told my boss that a family emergency had come up and that I wouldn't be in for some time. I then went to my therapist to get his opinion on the situation. 

He thinks that my avoidance of work is due to general laziness and a lack of self motivation to do things that I find uncomfortable. I try to take his points as valid as he is a trained professional. 

The problem is I feel like I'm giving it my all already. When I'm told I need to try harder and not give up, I feel like my efforts so far have been invalidated. I feel like I'm trying so hard and that I'm at my limit. I don't think I can take much more stress but I keep being told I just need to keep trying. 

This has made me think about suicide quite frequently over the past weeks. I feel like I'm at my limit and if the only answer to my problems is to work harder than i already am. I think I would rather just end my life. I legitimately feel that death would be a better option than to continue piling on the misery that work and school brings me.

I find no enjoyment in anything I do. I realize that I am most likely clinically depressed,  but I've tried dozens of medications and none seem to help. I'm at my wits end so I'm turning to strangers help. What do I do? How do I overcome the misery of work? How do I push myself when I'm already at my limit? How do I find purpose and enjoyment in life? Any comments would be greatly appreciated. 