Bi-Polar, Uni-Polar, Schizophrenia. Should I get help?Hi Reddit. I am very new to this site, only a few days now, so I hope I'm following suit alright. I hope this text wall doesn't scare anyone. If you're into psychology, hey, stick around.

   So, I am a 17 yo male here in the US and I think that there is something wrong with me, mentally. I'll try to keep it short and sweet, and I'll try to answer questions if you guys think you can help me decide if I need help.

  So, I know that I suffer from some sort of depression to start with. I just hate myself so much, I feel useless and repulsive and I just want to jump right out of my skin and be rid of me. I have prepared suicides several times before, I've sat in my bathtub for lengths with a knife just waiting for the cliff edge. I've also memorized the lethal doses of Advil and Ibuprofin, but I know they won't kill me in less than three days. Thankfully, death seems to still scare the fuck out of me when push comes to shove. Some day, I think, I won't pull away, though. That's why I need advice.

I'm not always like this, though. I taper and waver. Some days, I can't fucking take it. After anywhere between a few weeks to maybe a quick stint of this, I just stop. I'm happy again. Relieved. I feel empowered. I can handle it. I find myself saying over and over 'You're fine, you're just angsty. You're no different from everyone else who gets the blues once in a while.' and 'I'm not crazy.'

    The last part has quite a shaky base. I came home one day after work, like around midnight, and I had had a good day. It was right after a very bad rut of depression, one lasting about a week. So that day, I felt good again, I felt strong and accomplished. I walked into my room, straight into the closet and picked up my sharpest pocket knife. I went into the bathroom and cut up a small piece of my chest.

    Not angry, not sad, I just was very flat and careful. I held different angles and figured out how to get a nice cut. After a few days, I came home again and again put three slices on my chest. Again and again, I did this. Some times I was unhappy and frustrated. Other times, I barely blinked.

    It's been a bit of a while since the last time I cut (I can't describe how much I hate saying that word), something like two weeks, I'm afraid I won't be able to hide new scars if swimming season comes up and also I've been doing well enough emotionally to stay it for a while.

For any help with 'diagnostics', I'm pretty well fed and exercise bits, about a hike a week. My sleep schedule is generally good, I keep disciplined, but I find that some days I can't keep my eyes open, prefer my bed to the world. Other nights (like this one), I could wait for sunrise. If it could be related, Mental illness runs in the family. Maternal Aunt suffers from Bipolar disorder, Paternal uncle with Schizophrenia and a few alcoholics on my mother's side.

My questions for Reddit are these;
- Am I just over-reacting? Like, is this really not a big deal? I know how retarded that must sound, like OF COURSE, YOU'RE SELF-MUTILATING! But right now, I'm not and I've managed to break through will, so maybe that means I'm fine. I have done this before, though, only to fall back.

- Does this sound like a mental disease to you? I swing moods sometimes in instants, I become furious or depressed sometimes in instants, sometimes over months at a time. Sometimes, these switches can involve what I think could be psychosis. I've read about bipolar disorder, but I don't know if that's just me being wishful, leading to...

- Am I just some Munchhausen's case? I think that there's something wrong with me, but I can't take my opinion for it because I could be fucking looney, or I'm over-reacting and just another sad, sickly teen.

Please, please, please spread this around. If you think anyone can help, send them here. I'll answer any questions I can.

Also, if there's somewhere else I could sens this, I would appreciate some pointers.