I had such an insane meltdown this year and I struggle to see how to come back from thisSince my grandma died I completely lost my mind. Until two years ago I used to smoke sooo much and eat sooo poorly... For 9 years straight. When I look back it's extreme insanity. I've gained 20 kilo in healthy weight and work out 6 times per week since then.

However, I completely lose my mind in suicidal thoughts. The fear of dying young is so heavy. Also I feel like I should have done everything differently. I wish I had my current mindset when I was 18... I just lived on auto-pilot after my parents died.

I'm feeling like a zombie, completely melting down, crying in my room, so depressed, feeling so stuck in my situation because I can't change the past while that's exactly what I want to do. On some deranged day I contacted my ex who is 8 years older, say all the wrong (suicidal and negative) things, get blocked, keep making new accounts trying to save it, but only make things worse because she keeps telling me to stop and blocks me while I feel like: no, we should talk until we resolve this. Until she snaps and curses me out with exactly the right words to make me go even crazier. 'You'll never learn how to live your life'... 'Tragic whiner fickle loser king!' 'Forecasting that you're going to die? I don't fucking care!' 'Can't stand listening to your whining!' 'Will move on to someone much better!' Like it was a message aimed at making me feel so worthless while I already felt so worthless so that's NOT what I needed to hear at that moment. I start spamming the shit out of her because I totally implode and her insults are so unbearable. It's taking me so much time to accept that this is my new reality. 

I also think it's so evil of my ex, yes I was FUCKING wrong to contact her with depressed stuff, but she should have known that everything negative you say to me at that moment cuts extremely deep and she could have just said 'Ok, I'm going to protect you against yourself and will stop replying and will block every new account you make from now on'. 

For 7 months now I'm constantly thinking about it during everything I do. I had something so special with her, but I ended things in a flash and I totally got my karma... Suddenly I have like a whole book to tell her so I keep impulsively sending messages all the time because it's soooo frustrating this situation. Like she said 'I don't have to feel any guilt because how you dumped me' while I felt so bad about our break-up too... I never properly explained everything... I turned my life around so much so I feel like I don't deserve dismissive words while I'm trying to save my life... 

Sigh. I'm so sad that she hates me... I did it to myself though by not gently breaking up and then bothering her with a firehose of negative emotions one year later. Spamming must have made her hate me even more. Especially because I got angry and said hurtful stuff back. I couldn't process those insults at that time and it has severely altered my life and the way I see myself. Like before I still had some self-respect, but after getting cursed out so heavily my spirit was broken and I didn't see how I'd ever enjoy things, like myself, feel happy and so on.

I don't want to be a bad person anymore though... It's horrible how I spammed her. I said mean stuff back too so I'm such a hypocrite, but I don't mean that... I don't know what she read and didn't read, but it's so frustrating that she never wants to talk again. And because I was going crazy this year, she'll definitely never want to talk anymore. Really ruined my mental health for the rest of my life...

But I'm going to use the situation to never give up and become a better person because that's the only solution to my horrible position in life. What else can I do? Fuck guys, I'm a bad person and I don't know if I'll live long enough to redeem myself :(