Bad thoughtsI struggled with suicidal ideation for a while now.  It got better for some time but I’m back into it now. 
I started a new job in January and it was the worst. I have been in and out jobs a few times and it makes me feel like I’m just incapable of keeping one. Now I got a part time one, in a dog shelter which dogs and cats and animals make me really happy and it somehow gives me a feeling of safety. But they won’t let me hang out with the dogs or do anything dog related. I have a lot of experience in the rescue world. I have to drive two hours round trip to get there and get paid shit and I accepted because I was supposed to be doing animal care, but instead they have me doing paperwork, filing and stupid things like that. I could be doing that close to home and getting paid more. That was not the point of that job. So now here I am again, about to leave yet another job. Nothing feel fulfilling and everything just feels pointless. 
I am married to an amazing husband and all I can think of is how much I hold him down. Both my dog and my cat are much more attached to him than to me. Having another dog is out of the equation. We wanted to get me a service dog but we found out that unless we are willing to write a check for $35,000 it will take 8-10 years. I thought about training my own, but my husband is uncomfortable getting another dog because he is afraid training won’t work out. 
All day every day all I think of is what the hell am I doing here. What is the point. I feel like shit all the time and don’t have the bandwidth to do the one thing that makes me happy because we can’t financially afford it. Too many times every day I have the thought “why am I even here?! I should just quit this”. On one side I don’t want to. But on another I feel like I don’t know for how long I’ll put up the energy to fight back. I don’t want to tell my doctor about it because he will put me back in the psych hospital again and my husband told me that would be a step too far and it would break us apart. I just don’t know how to keep gathering the energy to be a good wife. I wish I could just be in bed all day every day. Sometimes I wish I would be physically sick enough for that. There are so many people that are and wish they had the chance I have to go out and live. I wish I could switch places with them.