How to make a mess from your own, perfectly fine lifeI feel like that could have been a great life, full of things that people call "success", full of joy and other emotions. I'm 18 and looking at my situation somebody would say that it looks perfect. I'm in last year of high school, going to study violin in Switzerland which is regarded as a great success in my country. 

And that everything means nothing to me now, just because somewhere along those ride I went too deep in philosophy. It made me feel different in many ways. I don't have similar and even acceptable views on morality, human interactions, and nearly any other aspect of social life. You could say, that most of the time my positions are well though out (though not necessarily right) but what does it all matter, if it means that it is immensely hard to find any companion for a satisfying talk? Of course it would not be a problem if there was no drive for social interactions.

And so begins my worst everyday nightmare. The fight between primal drives, and what my brain decided is rational and best for me in the long run. 

Every time I meet with friends I do this just to get my instinct satisfied. I almost never feel later that it was a time well spent. That feeling after meeting with someone is very rare, but it happens every time I get to talk about philosophy, sociology, science and other topics like that. To that I have to add my sexual drive, which especially gets me mad. It makes me run after people that I have almost nothing in common, and that could never make me truly happy, just because I haven't have sex for some time now. 

I feel sick, deprived from normal look on the world, full of expectations that I'm struggling to meet, which only drives me to more self hatred. I suffer from genetic skin desease that makes me ugly. I don't know how to talk to people on anything not-serious anymore. I hate myself for wanting any romantic relationship. I wish I was asexual.

 Because of no problems earlier in my life I don't even know if I can write here and be taken seriously with such pitiful bumps, existing really only in my head, but I just want any help, any indication of what should I do now. Continue my struggle to become a man from my imagination even though psychology says it cannot be done or what? I feel like not going this way would be a failure of the entire life. 

Help I just want this to be over