When do things turn around?When i think back about it, i was never really as happy on the inside as ive shown on the outside. I always troed to surround myself in love and happiness even if i knew ot was fake. Putting all my heart and soul into relationships. Putting anyone i care about before myself. I guess that was my remedy i found, it helped me have purpose. I have so many demons inside o try my best to ignore. I have so many memories o try to repress. I try to bottle any negative emotion o have; anger, sadness, depression. I force myself into a sort of denial. Eventually i just go numb about it and put on a happy face amd that is exhausting. The last relationship o had i felt was serious enough to open up ky true feelings about myself amd my outlook om the world has left me alone. I tried to kill myself when i was 18 but the only thing that saved me was i was dumb enough to leave the safety on the rifle. I heard people find help in God but i never felt someone was listening, and i wemt three times a week to church for over a year. I tried my hardest to feel what the people around me felt but i never did. Eventually i just accepted my life is what i make it.

Lately everything just tumbled apart. I lost my job and found another that was only half the salary. I lost my home and moved into a college frathouse. They were out of control and eventually just being around them ruined the best relationship o had with another person and their parties and things got me evicted. O just distracted myself woth work and alcohol. I havent been sober for 3 days sonce over a year ago. Work eventually got better and now i have something im actually compassionate about.

It allowed me to move into my own apartment. I have no friends or family on thos state, i moved here for a girl because she got pregnant and that gave me a sense of life. She eventually couldnt handle it and had me pay for the terminatin. This is the second child i lost, the first started my spiral into the attempt i mentioned earlier. But i loved this girl and fid everything i could to make it work.

Eventually it stopped working. We broke up but remained friends. I dated her for 4 years and she is a major part of my life. I threw that away this weekend.

I got in a fight with her over text this weekend at a bar. I left to talk to her in person. Ibwrecked my car on a curb and a security guard called the cops. I got a dui that night.

I lost everything o worked for. I cant afford this home. She doesnt want anything to do woth me and told me shes happy she aborted my daughter because she knows im an incapable man and could never be the person she needed. I cant afford to fix my car. I cant afford a lawyer. I cant do anything and spend my nights crying myself to sleep. I spend my breaks crying in the locker rooms. I spend my lunches with my head on the table next to my food. I havent been able to eat in 4 days now. 

I think about giving up all the time. I think about the people o hurt and the people o let down. I think about the girl i love who is also the cosigner of my car and i think im going to destroy her credit life because my mistakes. I think about the shotgun behind my dresser. 

The only thing holding me back is i dont want to make ot harder on her. I made a plan that would involve me totalling the car and letting the insurance pay off the car during my attempt but it would probably leave a body that my parents wouldnt want to see. Amd that i only have bird shot loaded in the gun and dont think thats enough to do the trick and since my license was taken i cant buy slugs. But i think about it every day.

I feel theres no way out. I cant even afford a professional to talk to. Im helpless and its because of my stupidity.

Im lost.