20 years old and losing hopei live a rather privileged life. I still live with my parents at the moment. Regardless of this I have always suffered emotionally. I've suffered from extreme manic depression for almost as long as I can remember, and I have always had intense bouts of anxiety. Recently, things have been on a continuous downhill slide. My family has never been the most supportive emotionally, I'd even go as far as to say my parents were rather emotionally abusing growing up, and being an only child I have always been unbearably lonely. I often played the parent as my father has extreme anger issues and my mother is an aggressive alcoholic who is and will always be in denial. They don't only play those roles though, half of the time they are wonderful- caring about my life to an extent, willing to help me achieve any goal, supportive of my unusual interests, but this only makes things worse as I never know which side to believe. One minute my mom blows me off and tells me I'm worthless and she hates having my around and the next she's begging me not to move out. It's all of erratic. Up and down up and down. My boyfriend is no better. He has a manic personality, constantly switching from high up to extremely low- besides this, we are so open and honest with each other and have no boundaries (or so I thought). I was in an incredibly abusive relationship around age 15 where I was treated horribly and sexually abused. Thanks to this and my parents erratic nature I have major trust issues. I thought I could trust him but after an argument (which I thought ended on good, understanding terms) he proceeded to go meet up with his ex and lie to me about it. My trust is completely broken once more. I really thought I could trust him and I can't. He did this on a day a few days after my grandfather whom I was very close to passed away, and I started a new job I don't like very much, my car engine exploded and the brakes went out while on the highway, my family moved into a tiny house and the tension is high, etc etc etc; AKA, this is a time where I am already at a breaking point and he knows this. He KNOWS how much pain I've been in. I struggle vocalizing my pain and making it obvious, but lately it's been so horrible I've been straight up saying "i am hurting. Please help" and it kills me to have to rely on him like that. 

I'm so depressed and don't see a point anymore. I hate school more than anything in this world and cannot focus for the life of me. My grades have plummeted once again and I see no future or any careers that may benefit me on the road I'm on. I'm just exhausted mentally and physically. I hate myself and every time I look in the mirror I feel nothing but disgust. I feel no hope and I just don't know what to do. I've struggled with suicidal thoughts for a long time, but I never thought it could be quite this bad. I am not cut out for this life and I am so tired. I'm rotting from the insides and I just want it to end. The only thing holding me back is the thought of my parents pain once I'm gone 