Help23 y.o female. I have been battling with suicidal thoughts most of my life, but it has been intensifying over the past few months and I know that if I continue on this path I am going to finally give in. I have struggled with self harm and especially cutting but it is at the point now where it doesn’t even do the trick anymore because I just feel so... numb. The logical side of my brain knows that I have a good life- a dedicated husband, great job, loving family, decent home and two sweet pups. I have so much to live for... why would I ever think about killing myself.. right? Yet here we are... 

I have never had any big trauma happen in my life to make me feel this way. Just gradually over my life since my teens I have become more and more numb, emotionless, and hopeless. I feel like I have no one to talk to even though I have so many people in my life who would listen if I opened up. I just feel like they don’t understand and would judge me.  I’m from a very rural/conservative area in Virginia where you definitely don’t talk about these kinds of things and anyone who does just gets a “bless her heart, I’ll pray for her” kind of response (if that makes sense), yet everyone is shocked and heartbroken when a suicide rocks the community. 

My husband and high school sweetheart helped me through my depression in high school and I temporarily stopped cutting which was amazing because at the time I was severely into cutting. But now, it’s like he’s numb to hearing me say I want to kill myself and doesn’t really know what to say so he just doesn’t say much other than reassuring me that he loves me. And I think because I have been talking about it for so long he’s subconsciously thinking “yeah yeah okay I’ve heard this 100 times she’s not really going to do anything, I have nothing to worry about”. Definitely don’t blame him for anything because it would get exhausting listening to the same depressing shit over and over again. I guess that’s why I’m posting because I need to talk to people who I can relate to on these things. 

Anyways. I have made several appointments to get myself checked out by a psychiatrist but always cancel my appointments because I’m too scared and don’t know what to expect. Plus I am very anxious about talking to a stranger and honestly just want to go in, get prescribed some drugs and maybe get a formal diagnosis- I don’t want to do talk therapy because I honestly don’t think it would benefit me. 

I guess I’m looking for some advice on what I could expect if I were to go seek professional help, things that have helped you, and ways to get out of this rut of constantly thinking about ending my life.