I give up because kindness is only leads to being used and being used is the only way someone who can never hurt others can live.I've always been the person people step over, not giving me a single look. When I was a kid I was bullied and hit several times until I'd faint. I was used as a punching bag at school and I was used as a shield between my Mom and Dad because he used to hit her every day so she put me in between them. Every "friend" I've had only used me because they needed me for something, only to throw me away once they got bored. And now, when I've done all I can to find someone be with all I'm met with time and time again is betrayal, hate and unrequited love. One after another the one I'm with betrays me with the excuse "I never really liked you, I only used you because I was feeling bad". Now I'm also to blame for this because the ones that I seem to always attract is those who are having a hard time in life at the moment and they use me to feel better but once they do they all throw me away. Because that's all I am, something to make others feel better. That's what I've always been and will always be. But now, I'm tired of it. I know that I could never live a life where I thought more about myself but I could neither continue to live this life. I would rather die than hurt others and whenever I have tried to do things that only I wanted I have always ended up hurting someone in some way. That's why I say this now and am writing this down. I will die tonight, I will make sure of that one way or another and I'm only writing this down so that this might hopefully be read by someone and make them thing next time they use someone, that maybe that person only shows a happy smile and says "It's okay, I like to help other" because that's all he or she knows how to do. 

I hate you humans, I hate you all. You might say that you think about others but you always do it for your own good always wanting something in return and take every chance you can to use others. I hate you the human race and I hate myself. I'm worth nothing, no one will remember me after a week, no one will care that I disappear. Someone will probably reply to this and say how much he or she cares and that there's still hope, but to you who say that I'll tell you this. Would you really say that to a stranger? You don't know me, you only know that I'm someone with problems. You don't care about me, you care about my problems. If it weren't for those you'd not give me single look, just like everyone else. 

I'm sorry to whoever have read this. This is just my own last words to a crowd who does not care, it is my last words to the world. I'm a nobody, I've lived as a nobody and will die as a nobody.