Unemployed, broke, fighting off health issues, running out of optionsAlright. I'm trying to approach this as logically as possible so it all makes sense.

I've been in a solid depression with very few manic highs for at least two years. Diagnosed with Bipolar I a few days after I turned 18, was prescribed medication, refused to take it. A year later I was in a fantastic relationship with a loving and supporting girl, and we moved in together as I started University (we were on the same course). This relationship was fantastic day-to-day, admittedly she wasn't as tough on me as I needed, but she had no idea, and was otherwise completely amazing and careful with my condition. 

Here's where it all started going downhill. I couldn't afford my rent for the first few months we were living together so she put it up for me. This opened a huge, festering pattern of me blowing through my student loans and having to rely on her to bail me out. It was horrible and I couldn't see how cancerous it was to our frankly awesome relationship.

Finally it reached a breaking point. She dumped me after two years of being best friends and three years of going out. I freaked out and bailed out of University, cut most ties with the friends I'd made there. Ended up sleeping in my best friend's bedroom. My best friend promptly decides to fall in love with my ex and they start flirting. I told her I couldn't be friends with her still if they went out, and she chose my friendship over a cheap fling with him, to her credit.

We stop talking for a couple of weeks and I try to forget about her. I spend a week taking drugs, drinking, and fucking around for no particular reason. In the meantime I meet someone new, not dating, just a good friend to talk to who happens to be female, and take myself to the doctor's for the first time in years to get help with my depression. Routine check-up discovers abnormally high blood pressure and a variety of other problems. My ex calls me to freak out about the money I haven't paid her back yet. We resolve things but I slip up and mention the new girl I met. She freaks out and gets jealous despite apparently not wanting me back. 

Over the next few weeks we talk more and she says she might still have feelings for me but she's not sure. We talk more and everything seems to lead towards a reunion towards the end of the year when she's moved down to the town I'm in now (her hometown). We met up this weekend just gone and she did a complete U-turn on the whole thing. I had hope just to have it demolished in my hands. It felt a lot like being broke up with all over again. She said maybe sometime again in the future, but to be honest, with my escalating health problems I feel like I don't have that time. I said goodbye to her today and I don't know how final I meant it to be. 

I'm kind of waiting for a low or a high to gain the courage to go and do something. I can't find a job. I'm broke and in debt. My best friend turned on me when I needed friends most, there are constant pains in my chest, my insomnia and sleep apnea is returning in full force, and I just feel frayed and tired all the time. I don't eat much, I just drink water all the time, music is the only real thing I draw any satisfaction from, and I've lost interest in meeting new people and socialising. 

I can't muster the strength to do anything, and I just want to burn out instead of lying around wishing I could bring myself to die every day. I'm not miserable on a day to day basis, it just feels like I'm running out of options that don't involve ending it. 