my hopelessness is reasonablei have come to the point where i have realised that i will always feel so depressed like this. i have been struggling with various negative emotions since the beginning of secondary school (2011) and im going into college now with the same problems. i have had stages of extreme depression, anger, stress, anxiety, paranoia, etc, and ive come to the conclusion that it just cannot get better.
i mean i am not completely hopeless - i know i can find ways to cope with my feelings; i know to go on a walk or read a book instead of self harming to calm myself down. i know there will be days where i feel happier than i do now but that means there can still be days where i feel worse.
the sadness will never truly leave me, no matter how hard i work on ways to stop myself getting worked up. i can want to die and i can tell myself, i will wait an hour and then kill myself if i need to, and i would be able to wait hours and hours because it will never get to the point where i believe it is so unbearably upsetting to live that i just absolutely have to kill myself, but i will still feel those terrible negative emotions that make it hard to sleep at night.
i dont think that im the only one - im aware that other people are depressed and want to die and are paranoid about whether life is real or not and have existential crisis-es but it doesnt change the fact that i feel it. knowing that other people are upset makes me more upset - can we please stop existing because it hurts!
im very aware of how i feel and what dying actually is - as much as i would love to be gone forever, i know i can re invent myself and lead a happier life and i would upset my family and friends if i killed myself etc etc but i am just 16 and dont have the time or money to make a new persona where i am oh so confident and i dont feel like death is more desirable than power wealth money love and all other wonderful things that non-suicidal people long for.
ive rambled on so much i dont know if ive even written the point that i wanted to get across - another one of my terrible qualities that gets me in an angsty death-please-come-now mood when i think about possessing it.
i just want to feel hopeful for once. i cant see the future being much brighter than what it is to me now. even if i get over my depression and the longing to be dead due to sadness, i will still have those thoughts of life being pointless - i will still want to die because i dont see the point in living. what will i do to impact the world? absolutely nothing. i'll admit that my existence could have benefitted a few people ive come across in the short time ive lived, but there are so many more people that are way more important.
if i dont have a true reason to live, then i dont want to. even if i wasnt suicidal before-hand, i cant help but have this flood my mind constantly. i dont see the point in living at all. i want a purpose but i know i wont ever get one. i cant see how i can be helped. its reasonable to be so hopeless, isnt it?