I can't do the male gender roleI can't do it, I never could, but I need fucking out. This is so shameful, it is such a joke, I was SO fucking stupid, and listened to people, my parents, my teachers, my friends, people on here, people in places of authority, everyone said you don't need to act a certain way, but you do.

I don't understand, why am I expected to do everything, and not just everything, but do everything a certain way?  I thought we were equal?  Is this an Animal Farm thing?

I don't get it.  I keep getting told men are creepy, and rapists, and that I'm a bad person for existing, and believe it or fucking not, two decades of that got to me subconsciously and now I'm FUCKED.  FUCKED.  I can't play out the male gender role, and I am going to lead a pathetic, embarrassing, shameful existence where I get laughed at by people who don't even have to do what I have to do, let alone as often, or to a sufficient quality.

I don't get it.  I don't get it. I am ugly, I am neurotic, I am short, my voice is fucked, I am deformed, and I was told my entire life that my sexuality is literally the root cause of everything wrong with humanity.

How the fuck am I supposed to work with that?  Why the fuck do people yell at men, constantly tell them they can't do things, then not only expect them to do it and do it well, but if you don't, you just die. You just die alone.

What the fuck.  WHAT THE FUCK. So just nothing, there is nothing, because I was born in the wrong body, and I have to play a gender role in this feministutopia where one gender is just wrong, unless you're sexy, or something, I don't know, none of it is logical or makes sense.

I'm fucked, my psyche is fucked, my subconscious is fucked, and I thought we were equal, but equality apparently means I do the work.  Cool, and I am a failure at that. I wish I was strong enough to just shoot myself. I got close today, it was this weird mix of pain and numb. Like, it just almost made sense. More sense than anything. How fucked up is that?