My dads last visit made me feel suicidal after he leftI’m telling my dad I felt suicidal after his last visit when he left

He had an affair with my current stepmom years ago. It was 1998 and I was 8 (little sister was 3) when he left and moved into an apartment, 9 when he moved 9,000 miles away from our hometown near Seattle all the way to Germany to live with my German stepmom (no, it’s not cool), and 10 when he married his affair. Due to my confusion and anger that he was replaced with a live-in nanny (read: someone who was not my dad) I set fire to some of the nanny’s personal belongings and had to enter children’s psychiatric hospital for a few months or weeks, can’t remember how long exactly. 

I’ve had relationship problems since I started dating in high school. My last three exes were toxic and manipulative and I’m finally actually single and happier that way. However I’m now facing my dad issues, finally. He and my stepmom had my half brother who is 15 years younger than me so idk how to relate to him. And he’s gotten all the attention I never got so I’m jealous. I do have aspergers which doesn’t help how I think about all of this. 

Over the years we’ve definitely had phone calls and been to Germany more times than I can count, and he’s visited us here. Recently instead of yelling at and blaming him for being such a shitty dad by moving 9,000 miles away for another woman, I actually opened up and explained that my black and white thinking is contributing to my point of view. This talk was at the beginning of a 5 day visit last September. The rest of his trip to see us was great, no problem. Normally I’d ghost him halfway through because it hurt too much to think about him leaving us again. This time I saw him every day for a few hours or more. The last day before he drove to the airport was ok but sad, then depression hit that night. Then the next night came and I was a fucking mess. 

I had been driving around all day and finally parked my car at my apartment. Thought about driving more but decided I better not because I didn’t feel so great emotionally. Suddenly I had a meltdown and pounded my fists on the steering wheel while screaming and sobbing. I felt hopeless and completely empty. My mom died in 2016 from a 13 year battle with thyroid cancer, and even that didn’t hurt like this did. I felt as if my dad ripped my heart out. I felt hollow, like there was nothing emotional for me to hold on to. Instead of driving anymore I went inside. After using the bathroom and drying my hands, I imagined hanging myself from the hand towel. Then I thought of using my x-acti knife used for origami to cut myself. Then I thought of getting drunk. Then I thought of overdosing on my anxiety/depression meds. At some point in these thoughts I also thought about calling the hospital on myself. Instead of doing any of these things I ate dinner and followed my usual bed time routine but took two extra meds to sleep. It took a week to start coming out of that dark hole of depression. 

I’ve told my therapists and those who know me best and are closest to me. My sister and I cried on the phone and in person. I’m getting a new psychiatrist soon so I can get a meds checkup (my old psychiatrist hasn’t been covered by my insurance for a few years and is now retired). I have a plan I made with my weekly therapist. 

My dad doesn’t know yet but I’m going to tell him how triggered I get when I feel abandoned by him. I have a long way to go to heal this lifelong wound (I’m 29) and I think telling him about these thoughts would help make room for healing. I also think he should know how much he affects me still. 

I still definitely get tempted to do stupid things like crash my car but I’m still here because of my sister. I couldn’t imagine leaving her with the pain of losing our mom and losing a sibling. She knows she’s the reason I’m still here and has said several times how grateful and lucky she is to have me as a sister and that I’m still in her life. She recently went through med school applications and I never doubted her for a second, and she said she doesn’t know how she would have gotten through it without me.

I compare myself to my sister because of how well she and our dad get along and because she doesn’t have a disability holding her back from anything. However I also compare myself to my stepmom because I mean, he left us for her. I asked if he moved to Germany to get away from mom or for our stepmom and he said “no, I moved there for her.” Stab me in the back again, why don’t you? Got enough scars, whats one more?

So yeah I’m telling him about my suicidal thoughts and getting help. My exes didn’t make me feel this shitty though, and I still cut them out of my life. My own dad makes me feel this way and I’m getting mixed opinions on what to do with him (hello, therapy). 

One more thing: in the past few weeks I also visualized hanging myself in my dads house to prove a point and so I’d stop feeling like shit. 

TL;DR my dads recent visit from 9,000 miles away in Germany to seeing us in the Seattle area went well but ended in me wanting to commit suicide because of triggered feelings of abandonment and hopelessness. Seeking help for it. 

Sleep well people.