I know your life isn't over at 30, but if it's not going to improve...I don't really know how to start this. I guess some backstory: I turned 30 this year, I'm doing a PhD and just started my 3rd year of it, I'm single and have been for a year and a half, and I've been suffering with depression most of my life and on Prozac since age 12.

Anyway, I don't even know if I have it in me to actually commit suicide: 4 years ago I came really close and ended up changing my name and trying to rebuild my identity somewhat to compensate for the mental breakdown I went through. And I regret doing that instead of just killing myself. About 2 and a half years ago I cut myself badly enough to need my house mate to call an ambulance, but I wish I'd just sat in my room and waited for it to bleed out. But back then I was stupid and somehow still hoped my life could get better. But now I'm 30, and it obviously isn't going to. All of my friends are engaged, married or in committed relationships and I can see myself being left behind because I have been. Everyone I know isn't happy, but I can see how they are much happier because they have someone else in their life who truly cares about them. Its obvious that in the past 30 years of my life I didn't acquire the skills or the self esteem to hold a relationship together, and that's my own damn fault, but it's clear I've been left behind. I hate my PhD. It was meant to be a good thing but I hate it. Earlier this summer I tried getting off of Prozac and I realised I just physically couldn't, so I know now I am forever the property of the Eli Lily company. 

And I dunno, I just need to vent that. To admit that. Tonight my plan is to sit and play Dark Souls (a game I love but also frustrates me), drink wine and hope I manage to overdo self harm. I don't think I have it in me to commit suicide but maybe accidentally do it, that seems possible. It's another Friday, I'm alone. The house mate I'm closest with spends all his time with his girlfriend; my other house mate has a life and is never around; my best friend (who is also the aforementioned most recent ex) lives in a town miles away from me; my best friend in this town has been saying they're concerned about me, but when I actually tried opening up to her she stone walled me and for bonus points cancelled a hangout we had scheduled yesterday with seemingly no intention to reschedule (she has a life, and I'm starting to think I should cut her out of mine because I'm probably just a toxic influence and she's probably just pitying me for why she keeps up the charade of a friendship); it's a Friday night and literally no one has asked me if I want to go out, come over, hang out or anything like that. Everyone knows I'm depressed, it's very obvious, but maybe it's also obvious I'm a lost cause and who wants to waste their time with that.

I dunno, I guess going back to my title: it's obvious my life isn't going to improve from here. I'm 30: I can feel my body getting weaker and uglier, my social value going down, the reality that everyone who is my age either killed themselves already or has partnered up. I remember my co worker 2 years ago, he killed himself randomly one day, and in my store all the customers and other co workers kept saying "Oh I don't know why he did it", "I can't believe he did it" - but I knew why. He was obviously miserable in the job. He was 45, he was single, he was working as a minimum wage cashier; the day before he did it he even joked "Doesn't this place make you want to kill yourself?" And he did. And he was a lovely guy, but I don't blame him. Sometimes it's obvious that your life just isn't going to improve, that whatever chances you had to make life work have gone by. I had chances to be happy and I blew them. And that's it. I'm 30. It's all downhill from here. And I don't know if I'll manage it today, tomorrow, or months down the line but I hope I manage to kill myself because continuing to stay alive in just prolonging the agony.


And sorry if this isn't an acceptable post. Looking over the rules I think I'm okay - I don't know if this qualifies as glorifying suicide, that's what I'm most worried about running afoul of. That and maybe upsetting someone else who is 30+ and feeling this way too. I don't know, it's very hard to talk about openly without it potentially coming across this way. If you are 30+, all I can say is I don't know you and maybe your life can improve. I can just tell that mine won't