What would you say to someone who has no desire to keep living?I honestly feel like life is pointless. Success is pointless. Reaching my potential is pointless to me. I just feel like even if I spend my whole life working hard and "making a difference", it's really not going to accomplish anything. Not in the grand scheme of things anyway. Nothing I ever do is going to be comparable to the infinity that is the universe. Someday the Earth is going to be swallowed whole by the Sun. So what, am I just supposed to work through all of my years as a physically able body, just to contribute to a society I had no say in being born into, to provide a better life for somebody else in the future? I'll eat shit, put myself into an immense amount of debt from school or buying a house, just so I can spend most of my waking life trying to earn a piece of paper that has absolutely no concrete value for my entire life just so somebody else can have it better after I'm dead? That seems like complete bullshit to me. 


I know I'm actually amazing. I can do so much. I'm smart, I'm funny, I have all kinds of productive ideas and I excel at everything I do, but it depresses the hell out of me to know that I can't just simply exist doing the things I enjoy. Sure I could make a career out of something I like, but I don't want to HAVE to put in so many hours a week just so I can feed myself and have a roof over my head. It's absolutely ridiculous how I'm just expected to be okay with this unjust obligation to justify my own existence when I never even had a choice. If I did have a choice I would have passed and given my life to somebody who truly wants to experience it. 


I don't know what to do. I pretend to have ambition. I am great at everything, but I really just don't care about anything. This life means absolutely nothing to me. I don't think I want to die, but I don't see the point in struggling through life, just simply learning how to cope with feeling so big and so small all at once. It's very confusing. I feel defeated. I want to have a desire to live but I don't.