3amIs this even the right place to post this. 
Context : I’m a teen, that’s all I’d say here. 
But....

Has anyone ever felt like such a failure in life that they couldn’t do a single freaking thing right? Not even off themselves right? Failed at even trying to take life itself away. 

I thought there was going to be some change after the whole ordeal and maybe I would get better because I had a given goal in mind for the future now. But rly after a few months I’m just tumbling back into it again. The goal has become what I measure my worth upon and hell I feel like offing again if I failed but I don’t feel so strongly of doing it again. 

But I realise slowly day by day, there’s no one really there? Sure I have friends, but they don’t know a thing about the me inside, they just think I got into a really screwed up bike accident. Sure my family loves me, we have no problems at all, but I don’t feel it. 

I’m just bouncing up and down highs and lows, one minute I could be chatting normally with a classmate the next moment dark thoughts could fill my mind. I don’t know why they keep coming back, more and more heavily. Every time I feel them the more I feel like picking the blade up and slashing all over but if my parents noticed it’ll be a hell of bullshit all over and I don’t feel like dealing with it at all. So small ones in concealment is all I can do, I didn’t think I’d give in to the blade’s call so quickly after the ordeal, it had actually been going well the few months after and I thought I was going to get better. 

But no. 

During days where I feel low as shit, I’d have to conceal it till the night when more thoughts plague my mind. Why didn’t I try harder that night? Maybe it could’ve worked and I would’ve already be six feet underground. I didn’t even pass out, the amount of blood loss was so little. Why am I such a failure that can’t even do THAT right?! 

I would even get chided for my swollen eyes when I wake up the next morning with them, and my family can’t see a singe shit at all. Don’t know that I spent the night crying instead of sleeping. And then I’d be unproductive due to lethargy. 

I realised how freaking pathetic my life is too. All of which revolves around is my damned studies, the biggest contribution. There’s nothing else I really do apart from it but I’m still doing like shit. 

Hell I don’t even know at this point, I can’t even cry it out sometimes it’s just gets stuck, like now.(It was 3am when I typed this out) Can anybody tell me if there’s something wrong with me? Or am I just a failure in life and death.

It doesn’t feel better but at least I got some shit off my chest, it’s hard to express this out honestly. 

Thanks to whoever that actually read through this whole pathetic post. I hope you’re doing better. If u ever need someone to talk to, I’m here. I will try my best to pull u up because I can’t do that for myself.