Parent Suicide, Stuck in this feeling of hopelessness and dark holeparent suicide

I loved my dad, it was the closest relationship I had to someone in my life. Im 20 years old and in my 3rd year at college. I decided that going into this year I was gonna stay in the city I go to college at cause I love it and enjoy it. Mid july I get a call from my little brother saying hes gone just screaming it. My dad had been fully hospitalized in the past for depression, but at the time of this occurence he was just in partial. My dad was missing for 6 days before they found his body, 6 days of just not knowing and only having a sliver of hope to hold on to, to find out hes dead. The letter he left was brief and did not address anyone or anything, it was sent scheduled email and based on everything of his I looked through he only had been planning a suicide for 2 days. Fast forward a month and a half and im through my 3rd week of school and after trying to be the man of the house and support my family emotionally ive hit the hole where i realize hes not there. I myself have struggled with anxiety for 6 years and depression for the last 4. I have never been at a point in my life where the anxiety is so overwhelming i just cant concentrate and the depression is so dark I cant feel joy and am just going through the motions. I have had thoughts of what would happen if I committed suicide, but never planned or self harmed. But theese thoughts are just stuck in my head and I dont want them there, and i understand that the grief and my dads action have pushed my depression here, but even though I understand or think why I feel some way, Im still stuck and the darker thoughts become more common everyday. The only thing keeping me from doing anything is seeing the effect my dads choice had on those around him and I could never do that to the people I love. I just cant find a way to cope or just feel a little bit better. Im lucky to have great roommates that will listen, but that just helps clean my mind while I talk, but the thoughts come back as soon as I'm alone. I just feel like Im gonna get stuck here.

I am psychotherapy and counseling once a week each and may be adding grief counseling

Im agnostic and grew up in christian household and lost my faith because of how I saw my dad use religion to cope and as Marx says religion is the opium of the people