[X-post from /r/Relationships] My[21M] online friend [18F] is depressed and suicidal at times and we're trying to come up with a plan of actionThis is my first post so bear with me if it's a little rough. Let me preface this by saying that we are all a close group of online friends.
There is Jade, the person i'm making this post to help, Myself, Dean[25M], and Mary[20F]. I've known Jade for roughly 4-5 months. We've hung out a bunch and 
she's extremely close with both Dean and Mary as well. We all hang out on discord, however Jade does not use a microphone because shes too self conscious.
Jade takes her Online friendships to heart like I've never seen. She wears her heart on her sleeve and is a monumentally emotional person, 
and it leads to instability in her personality as a result. Jade is a really sweet girl, strong willed, affectionate,
understanding, and just over all a good person. However she regularly has extreme mood swings which is where her insecurities and problems rise through all else.

Jade suffered an extremely traumatic event(unsure on the details) during high school and as a result had attempted suicide. 
She ended up finishing schooling early and has since then pulled back from the world escaping to online relationships all together. 
Jade lives with her parents, and is currently on Zoloft for depression. She spends an exorbitant amount of time on her computer 
mostly playing video games, usually only stopping to take her medication, or other various life functions, rarely going outside if ever.
Her mother was in a car accident while Jade was still young and as a result suffered brain damage, how severe we aren't sure. 
From what Jade tells us her mother is extremely emotionally abusive, berating her whenever she leaves her room "attempting to use whatever she can to hurt her"
but we have yet to glean the dynamic of this relationship as far as what her mother says to her or why she says it. 

One example she's given us is that
she had made food one night and her mother barged into her room asking her if she was done with it, and when Jade responded no, her mother grabbed the plate
and threw it into the trash saying that "well you are now". As far as her father is concerned she said hes aware of this and has tried to talk to her mother about it
but her mother apparently doesn't listen. Her home environment is extremely unhealthy, or at least from the way she portrays it. Having talked about it with Dean and Mary, 
we all agree that until she gets out of it there's very little chance that she will be on a path to recovery from this awful stage in her life.

I've tried too get close with her and be a pillar for her to lean on if she needs it when talking about her depression or anything that's troubling her but I struggle to find a way to get 
through to her as she puts up barriers around how she's feeling and what shes gone through.
Dean has been a person that Jade regularly has sought out for help with her depression. They've known each other for maybe about 5 months. Dean is the embodiment of a good person.
Hes been through so much in the past and is literally the most genuine person I know. He cares deeply about all of his friends and is very outgoing, attractive and 
almost serves as a role model of what people should strive to be. He went through depression after having an extremely rough childhood and has come out on the other side who he is today.
Dean has helped someone else through depression by taking them into his own home for four years until they were on their feet again, and he didn't even know them that well when he did this.
He is extremely knowledgeable about depression and is doing his best to try and help Jade through this situation. 

Onto some of the worrying signs about Jade, she has extreme mood swings. One moment she will be fine, and the next she will can be crying all within the course of a 5 minute time interval.
Most of the things that trigger this are extremely minuscule (I can list some examples if necessary but suffice it to say they are not something a normal person would react to as heavily as she does)
She will regularly get in extremely depressed moods, in which she becomes extremely self hateful and will bring up the thought of not wanting to live anymore.
During these moods we all try to help her and we've been doing okay thus far but its been getting extreme as of late so that is why i'm making this post.
Dean has taken on the role of her main source of relief from her depression, sharing his life experiences and sympathizing with her in a way Mary and I can't because of his past.
As I said he knows a lot about depression and as such is fit best to deal with it when talking her down. As a result Jade had started to develop feelings for Dean. 
By nature of their relationship Dean is not interested in her in that light and Jade is also not in any emotional state to be in a relationship with anyone.

Jade has slowly escalated the amount of "comfort" she gets from Dean by forcing him to e-RP some things such a cuddling, and kissing. She also slowly brought the words "I love you" into it as well.
Dean does not feel this way about her, however he feels trapped because in order to talk her down from some of her moods he's felt it was necessary to reciprocate some of this for fear that she 
might kill herself if he rejects her. He tries to play it off and avoid the topic as a whole but she really forces the issue with him to a point where its an ultimatum almost.
 We believe in Jade's mind that her and Dean are in a relationship as it were and because of this she gets extremely jealous at the thought that hes hanging out with other girls.
Within the past month we met Mary and we've all become extremely close with one another, Dean, me and Mary. Dean and Mary are just friends but spent a large amount of time together playing a game recently.
As a result Jade got in the worst mood we've ever seen, believing that Dean and Mary had a thing for each other. Dean believing at one point that she was actually going to kill herself, said to her that he would
go and drive to get her at that moment and move in with her to try and get her life back on track. As I said this is something that Dean has done before but it was nothing like this. He knows hes 
created a really unhealthy relationship with Jade but up until this point he feels like he doesn't have another option. Despite how monumental a decision this is, Dean is prepared to undertake this,
but the circumstances of Jade's personality make us worry about how realistic any of this is and if there's any other options available to us that aren't as drastic

The thing about Jade is we don't really know if she really wants to kill herself or if she acts out in order to manipulate people into saying what she wants to hear. She's extremely insecure, and 
pigeon holes people into impossible scenarios by sort of holding herself hostage. But that's the thing is we can't risk it because at that point we are gambling with her life. So Dean feels stuck.
Like I said Dean is an outstanding person, literally the greatest person I've ever met. He only wants to help her through this difficult time in her life as do the rest of us. 
We just feel so helpless because we struggle with ways to get through to her to talk about her past, as a majority of the time she doesn't want to share it with anyone even Dean. 
Being only online friends, we are limited in the fact that if she walks away from her computer we can't do anything. We also lack the ability to get her out of her environment without something
as drastic as Dean suggested to her. 

There was also an incident earlier this month that has really intrigued me. On the game that we all mutually play, she bought a cash purchasable item and her card got charged twice.
After this she went to submit a ticket to the game developers in order to get a refund on one of the charges. This is what started to freak her out and has intrigued us quite abit is that
she had submitted multiple requests to refund the money however she only remembered submitting one. The time stamps for when the tickets were submitted were within 1-2 hours of each other.
Jade claims that her account got hacked and someone was messing around on it with the tickets but theres no way this was the case. We checked the ip log and she was the only one to login.
She also responded to one of the tickets multiple times, and one of the messages that really stuck with us was that she said "how many Jades are there?"


This sparked an idea with us that she might have a multiple personality disorder of some sort.
It would explain her extreme mood swings how she goes from happy to sad in what seems like no time at all. Some of the other symptoms that match is depression, suicidal tendencies,
sleep disorders(which she has an extremely erratic sleep schedule), Anxiety, and to an extent and eating disorder. She is also extremely absent minded and forgetful at times however
we just chocked that up to her being a bit scatter brained. Is this a possibility at all that maybe she was mis-diagnosed? I can definitely expand upon other facets of her
personality or actions that we're aware of if people need some more clarification in order to accurately put this leaning one way or the other.

Honestly at this point we are at a loss as to what steps we can take to try and help her through this and that leads me to this post. We really want to help her, and I
realize a majority of the post focused on some of the issues about her but she really is a good friend and we want to see her get through this however we can. 
If anyone has any insight it would be extremely helpful because we struggle with ways to effectively come up with anything concrete to help her past this stage in her life.
Any questions or clarifications please ask and I would be more than glad to elaborate or explain, There is a lot of things that I could talk about but this is the general outline of the 
current situation. Thank you all so much for any help you can provide.

TL;DR Our online friend is suicidal and depressed and we are running out of ways to try and help her through this. 