friend plans on killing himself for the 3rd time...help me out guysLet's call him Ben for privacy's sake. Ben is 19 and generally doesn't have any family issues. His best friend died and not soon after his girlfriend ended things with him. This girl was his first girlfriend from what I know and she moved from out of state to be with him. Apparently, she broke up with him because she felt like she couldn't help him after the death of his friend. About 2 weeks after this he committed suicide by overdose, which failed so not a year later he tried again and failed again. I've tried so much to try and figure out why Ben is so set on death to no prevail. 

Ben says life is pointless, he can't stop grieving about his past pain. He told me how the world is a horrible place. He made it sound like everyone is greedy and we all just act oblivious to the real problems in the world for our own self-gain. 

This dude is really suffering and I want to break his awful way of thinking. 

He does have some serious issues though. When he was 16 he developed a food allergy after the overdose. He can't eat any of the foods he used to and he told me that it's definitely a contributing factor to thinking living isn't worth it. 

Living isn't worth it.....He says there's too much pain in the world. everything is temporary even happiness but pain sticks with a person. 

I hope you guys understand how serious this is and how deep he is in this depressive state.

someone, please give me some advice I don't want to see him die... 

Personally I've experienced a lot of pain and overcame it so I thought I could help of course...seems like there's a lot more I should know

Also, he has been to a mental hospital before. He told me he felt like he didn't belong there. There were people with schizo and psychos. he thinks he didn't belong there...

Ben has also been to therapy which he initially resented but it never ended up helping him

&amp;#x200B;

please drop any questions, my thoughts were kind of jumbled throughout this, any words of advice are greatly appreciated