My problems aren't nearly as bad as anyone else's here but I'll be glad for anyone to hear me out regardless. *Disclaimer long postI have recently started feeling depressing thoughts again and I’m not entirely sure why, well actually I think I do know. After coming to college I’ve made about 5 friends, that’s it. Every other person in that friend group has branched out, becoming friends with a lot of other people and they’re still my only friends it’s pretty pathetic. Not to mention, I’m pretty sure they don’t even want or need me to be in the friend group in the first place. 

As a bit of a backstory, last year we used to have a group chat on this app called GroupMe, it was pretty cool but I was definitely the most active participant in the chat. But then after a while someone had the idea of making a group chat exclusively through iMessage. As someone who doesn’t have an iPhone, they chose to exclude me from the “new” group chat. Time passed and the old group chat waned in activity as they elected to use and be more active in the chat without me. I no longer felt like I was wanted in the group so I left that group chat, our snapchat group and tried distancing myself from everyone. 

I really just wanted to be alone really badly, there would be times when at late times I would go out just so I could breathe in the fresh air and really evaluate why I even bothered living. I think the peak, well actually trough of this was when we were playing cards against humanity and the card “Big aspirations but no means to achieve them” came up. One person in the group immediately said “oh that’s *insert real name*.” I was just in massive shock that anyone would say anything so harsh to me. I never received an apology, and as someone who values and is afraid of his future a lot, hearing that was devastating. 

It just feels as though I always have to pretend to be happy so that I won’t worry my parents or be cast off by my friends. Deep down I know that some of them genuinely do care for me but sometimes it’s really hard to tell. They wanted me to live with them, but after being treated so poorly for so long I just couldn’t bring myself to do it. There are certain times when I just need to be alone, and had I chosen to live with them I don’t think I would have been able to do it. There have been three separate instances in time where I have come very very very close to killing myself. 

The first was a night where I was just in my room, alone, and everyone came rushing into the room to tag me as part of some game. Instead of asking me to be included they had made me an obstacle in part of their drinking game. They all went back into the room across the hall and kept playing. I reluctantly joined their game of my own volition and had a lot to drink. I could feel tears welling up in my eyes for some reason so I made an excuse to leave and found a high point. From there, I had an internal monologue about why I should kill myself because I didn’t really matter to anyone other than my family.


 This is going a bit off track but it’s partially relevant; back home in senior year, one of my best friends just seemingly at random cut me off. He would see and not reply to my messages, exclude me from events, all culminating in one big event. I, along with others, took his shoe as a bit of a prank on his birthday. He got really angry and started pushing me, asking why I did it. I was in shock so I meekly said that I thought it would be funny and he replied by saying “nothing you ever do is fucking funny.” I was reminiscing about stories like the aforementioned when eventually I decided that the pain I’d be causing to my family for the rest of their lives would not be worth the freedom that I experienced. 

The second time I almost killed myself was also at a party. I went with my friend group to a party on halloween last year. All of them were in conversation, talking to other people while I just sat there by my lonesome, curtly turned away at any point I tried talking to someone. I left and walked around 30 minutes to get back to my apartment while crying, it’s a little sad but oh well. One of my friends checked up on me to see if I was okay but I think that’s just because he thought that I had too much to drink. It’s really fascinating to me how people can’t seem to tell or just don’t care when someone is going through something terrible. 

Anyway, I think I’ve rambled on enough, for anyone who bothered reading through all the trite happenings of my life, you’re a better person than I. 
