Stranded alone in the middle of everywhere, is there anyone there?Its hard to type all that I feel, my dad commited suicide three years ago and everyday I go from emotion to emtion, hating him, loving him, missing him. I have severe abandonment issus, my mother tried to kill when I was 18, she has bad schizophrenia. My fiancee of 7 years broke up with me because when my dad died, a little bit of me died and I havent been able to get over it, he had enough, when we split he said I gave up on us the day my dad died. Also found out he was sleeping with a married woman for god knows how long before we split.  I also nearly died as I have cronic anemia and have had to have to blood transfusions so far, I'm also just out of the hospital where I had a foot of intesting removed due to a hernia. My kidneys burn with pain everyday and I'm getting to the point where I don't know if I can get through all the medical treatment the doctors are throwing my way, I find it hard to see I may have a life to live when I get healthier, the anemia makes me so tired going up and downstairs feel like mountain climbing and I can hear the blood pumping through my ears. Im 27 and none of my friends give a shit either, I've been ill for so long people have just stopped inviting me out, guess having the sick girl around brings everyone down. I used to be so bubbly and bright and now all that makes me smile is my puppies. I'm sorry to rant or moan, but I just need someone to talk to. And most likely not even about all this. I just want some social interaction, want to feel human again, instead of spending everynight sparatically crying. All I want is a flicker of normality to show me I can have what everyone takes for granted, I feel like everyone hates me, no one gives a shit about my facebook or reddit posts, I may as well not be here, no one would notice if I left. I don't believe in heaven, but I trade my soul for one more moment with my dad, sometimes I think if I could be with him I would in a second. I'm sorry to rant and moan. I love lonely island, louis ck, ricky gervais, carl sagan and animals so if you have anything you wanna talk about I'm here.