How to explain depression/suicidal thoughts to someone who just doesn't get it?This is too long, I'm sorry.

I'm the depressed one with the suicidal thoughts and my husband is the one that doesn't understand. I've always been this way. And my husband knows this, we've been together for 10 years. We got into it a few days ago. I've tried explaining to him in the past but I gave up because he doesn't understand. It's probably because I'm so stupid and can't explain properly how I feel. So I shut down and I try my hardest to fake being fine around him. I fake laugh when he finds something funny and fake smile when he smiles at me. I deal with going out with him whenever and having sex whenever just so it makes him think I'm ok. I try my hardest to look upbeat and fun and have a happy tone. And it makes him happy to see I'm not "being a drama queen" anymore. 

I'm just so tired of going through this all the time. I want to lay in bed and disappear in the dark. I have no friends to talk to so I just vent in a journal so I don't bother my husband. I'm scared to die but I don't want to keep living anymore. I've been on so many different medications but none of them seem to help and my doctor can't figure it out. I'm tired of pretending but I also don't want to drag my husband down either. The only time I can lay in bed and do nothing is when he works and then I can cry and sit in my feelings and nap and not be bothered with exhausting fake emotions.

I want to explain to my husband how I feel and I don't think I know how to get the message across. He has no clue what anxiety, depression, and suicidal thoughts feels like. But when I slip up in front of him he just gets...mad. I think it's coming from a good place like that he's mad he can't help me. But it hurts what he says. He calls me names, tells me to get over it, just walks out. I get it, I'm not a great person to deal with when I show how I'm really feeling. But I just want some sort of understanding from my own husband. Can anyone give me some words to help me explain it?