I've given myself 20 days. Can anyone convince me not to?Sorry for the bad English, I'm not a native speaker and I don't write much so I can't make a heart-wrenching essay or something.

Hello. I'm an 18 year old college student who can't take it anymore. Something big happened recently involving me falling out of grace from my uncle, whom I never intended to hurt. And my outburst that involved the neighbors, real bad. I feel so bad for what I've done and I'm going to apologize to them, but me? I can't forgive myself. That was the last straw.

But before I delve deeper into that, let me say a few things first. All my life I've been considered a "gifted child" and as such, I've been raised to be the best. And sure I was, when I was a kid. Parents were too strict, I get scolded when I fail, I wasn't allowed to go out much, and while I didn't give a fuck about that before, in the recent years I did. I missed out on a lot of things people of my age were able to do. This kept on going until high school, when my parents "realized" what was wrong and only very slightly released their grasp on me. But even now as a college student, in this time of COVID where I can't get out of the house, things have gotten much worse.

My parents never understand me. They have never put what I feel, the stress I experience, and the hardships I face in their minds. Their hardships are tougher, they say. I try to help out in the house even if I'm busy working my ass off for my studies, but it appears that the things I do are not enough and I have to do more. They are always right and I literally have no say on my own feelings, what I feel is apparently a product of my own mind and they make it like it's not real. I'm being gaslighted into having these feelings. And when we do get into arguments and stuff, they all blame it on some stupid reason like playing video games and subsequently take away all the things that make me happy. I've shown suicidal intent for years and funny enough, it doesn't stop them from provoking me. I know I'm an asshole and I know they care for me, but God damn it, don't make me feel like I'm a useless piece of shit. The moment I got my money from my scholarship, I first thought of my parents; how I could help them and repay them for what I've done. I'm sure they appreciate it but I can't feel it. The good things I do are rarely recognized but the bad things I do are made the highlight of my life.

And so this leads to a recent thing that involved my uncle and the neighbors. My father scolded me for buying the wrong kind of rice and while I did raise my voice, I left the house to calm things down. Like just stayed at my uncle's, which is next door. And to my surprise, my father went looking for me and decided to scream at me, in the middle of the night, outside in the fucking rain. My uncle gets involved. Don't get me wrong, I love my uncle since he's a great person. But I may or may not have had an outburst which resulted in the family car getting dented, my uncle getting hurt and the neighbors interfering. All because they said all I feel is a product of my own actions. 

Oh and it gets better. The moment I was done breaking down I was shut down even more. My fault, my fault, I shouldn't speak against my elders, typical bullshit. In the midst of the neighborly interference however, a neighbor of mine who is a big, muscular dude, gave me a hug. Real or not I don't care. I cried on that one. I felt more love from him than my own parents ever showed me in the recent years. 

And last straw. I haven't thought about killing myself in a long time but 20 days might be a good time because I don't know how much longer this pandemic will last and I know I'll be stuck here for a long time. Can anyone convince me to... well, not kill myself? I try to think of a way to not to but hot damn, suicide seems to be the only way out for me. 

Thanks, everyone.