Rambling. I'm going insane and I want to kill myselfI have nobody to talk to about this and just need to tell somebody. This text is unedited so it might suffer from spelling mistakes and incomprehension .

My life is objectively good. I was born into an upper class family and live in a good city. I had a great education and am in a top college. I'm smart, decent looking (although I've always had body insecurity), and social. I guess I'm the poster boy of "anybody can suffer from depression".

Why do I want to kill myself? I don't know. When I think about my life I see another seventy years or so ahead of me, and only imagine pain. I see my mom and dad dying, my sister dying, my dog dying, my friends moving on, my career going nowhere because I have fuck-all work ethic.

I've never been in a relationship before because I am emotionally detached from other people. I can't talk to my mom or dad about this stuff because they won't know how to deal with it. All I want is a girl I can be completely honest with about absolutely everything, I think if I had that I could maybe be happy. But honestly I can't see that happening because 

At this point suicide just seems logical. Why bother going through all the pain life forces upon you when there is a very clear out. 

I wish I had the opportunity to give my life to somebody who would take advantage of money and a good education, maybe they'd be able to change things. I was in Brazil last year travelling through the favelas and I saw all the poor kids begging. All I could think was "why couldn't they have born in my position instead of me.

There are 7 billion people on earth, how many of them will you meet, how many of them will you form relationships with? Imagine that perfect partner for you out there that would make you the happiest person in the world. You will never meet her.

Think about how life after 25 is all downhill. Why not kill yourself at the peak? It makes sense to me. My plan right now is to take as many risks as I can to make sure I'm dead by that age.

Life is so unfair, so fuck life. Suicide is a form of protest. If I wasn't such a fucking pussy and actually had follow through in my life I'd kill myself, although I couldn't put my mom through that. I've gotten into drugs recently, xanax and stuff like that. If I don't turn my life around soon, I'll just overdose on painkillers or something.

Fuck this world, hopefully the next is better.

Anyway, I might be bipolar, but I've never been diagnosed. 
Sometimes I am in a great mood and sometimes I'm yelling to myself that I want to die. Right now you might be able to guess which mood I'm in.

I wasn't exactly a bully when I was younger, but I do remember instances of me picking on people and making them feel bad. Anyway I've become a far more empathetic person now, but all the pain I've caused in my life has come back and won't leave me alone. It eats at my fucking brain. I can't sleep at night without thinking of the time I made fun of somebody for being fat or ugly, even though I didn't do that anymore than the average person.

People are terrible to each other by default and it's only getting worse. When I go online and go out in the world I only see people being horrible to each other and it makes me hate the world. Why can't we treat eachother with respect? 

If anyone reads this, you might tell me I can easily change things. and I'm fully aware of that, but death is easier, so death it is.

Thank you and goodnight.

