26m ; wondering what's the point? (Jumping off the balcony, as a way out)I don't want any theatrics (sorrow, sympathy, etc). Sometimes I think I won't do it, and somedays I feel like I would just get up, open my balcony door and jump to my freefall, maybe throw in a little summersault in the air for flair. It's fucked up, life has been getting better but not all the way there yet. Managed to get a girlfriend and $60k+ job, amidst a pandemic. I guess a pat on the back is ordered..? But I'm still poor, living in the same apartment building for 20+ years with no sight into saving for a downpayment. Work's been okay, but I'm not performing to my peak. I just talked to my therapist today, felt good after my session. I just don't think I have enough grit to make it through the tough times. My gf knows I'm depressed, hinted at the idea of suicidal, but don't really talk about it with her. I don't want to lose her (ironically).

I'm just in the middle path. I could try and live, or just fuck off and die. I mean realistically speaking, people would be sad for a few days/weeks and then life moves on. It's not a big deal. I don't matter. I feel useless and pathetic. I just think it's easier to kill myself. I think it would be liberating. 

I just feel like a fucking loser. I graduated from uni, doing a 9-5 and it's bearable but I just don't feel my best. I don't know if a slight inconvenience makes me suicidal or if it's just the years of feeling trapped and so fucking poor because my dad couldn't make the right decisions financially for the family, and now everyone is suffering.

I don't know anymore. If anyone out on the internet is reading this, can you help me out? Feeling low, lost, pathetic, overweight, useless, ready to die, and just no more will to go forward. I'm always disgusted at myself and don't even give myself a chance. I don't like me, and I'm just living day to day. 

Does love really matter? Does a career really matter? Who really gives a fuck. 

I just want to be held and loved, but if you told me that you'd slit my throat, I'd just look up so it'd be easy for you. I'm stable enough that I fly under the radar with family... only thinking 'I'm sad'. 

I don't know if this is a cry for help, or just a way to express myself (maybe both). 

Is it worth living another day, or do I just take the fuck-all plunge and dive off my building?

\-

**TL:DR - Wanting to kill myself, have a job and a gf, living in apartment with family for 20 years+, family is poor and feel like suicide is an escape. It's more ideation, but the repetition will probably make it a reality.**