Goodbye.Well, here we are. For all my talk about it for the last few years, I genuinely never thought it’d come to this, but that’s life, I suppose. 

Some people might wonder how I ended up where I’m at right now. For those of you that do, I’m flattered. Shame that there’ll never be a straight answer. The truth is that there are so many reasons. So many little things, building up over time, all of them seeming so pointless on their own that it feels embarrassing to note them down. Death by 1000 paper-cuts. 

Some people may consider this selfish, the “coward’s way out”. While that may be a natural reaction, it doesn’t make you any less of a prick. Try and have some empathy. 
But then again, mental illness has always been that thing that people on the outside never “get”. I’m not going to get all “no one could ever understand my pain” here- let’s face it, far too many people understand exactly how hopeless I feel right now. But for those that don’t understand it, cherish that ignorance. It makes life so much more fun. 

The sad truth is that most people either won’t care or won’t notice. Perhaps my knowledge of that fact makes this a cry for attention. One last scream into a void that had never answered and never will. But frankly, metaphors like that give this far more passion and anger than it deserves. It’s more like white noise- a dull, background humming that becomes such a constant part of your life that you don’t even notice when it stops. Sisyphus spent an eternity pushing a rock up an infinite hill. I suppose this is how it would have felt if he’d just let it roll over him. 

But if this does have any impact on anyone (a highly unlikely scenario, but one can dream), please let it be this: I won’t be the last person to go through this. But maybe, just maybe, I can be the last person I know to fall this far into the pit. 

Everyone I know, talk to your friends. Let them know you love them. Don’t be afraid of that word like I was. It’s so easy to be alone in the crowd, to be surrounded by friends and be isolated. Be the person that helps them out. Be their reminder that they aren’t alone. The fundamental flaw of human consciousness is that we only ever have a single lens to view the world through. Go out there and be someone else’s second opinion. Help them understand the joy they bring to the world, and how much worse life would be without them. You owe them that much. 

To everyone I love or have ever loved, thank you. To anyone who ever loved me, I’m so sorry for any trauma this may cause. To Mum, Dad, &amp; David, you have each other. You’re strong enough to get through this. I believe in you. 

“And I might as well just grin and bear it, because it’s not worth the trouble of an argument”. 

1998-2019