Was happy for 6 months online, then 1 week real life, the the other shoe dropped. As it always does in my lifeGay guy, living in a college town in Oklahoma where most of the guys are either not my type, not into me, or (should be) clinically insane. That said, started talking to a guy online who lives about 2 hours away. Neither of us has a vehicle that we trusted to make that trip, nor did we have the time to actually travel and visit/meet. So lots of texting, lots of Skype, lots of phone calls. Was truly unbelievable how well we clicked, had the same kinky tastes, had the same dark fantasies, hell, even had one of the same taboo fantasies that we both figured would have scared the other one off. Well after six months of online, we finally had the time and we split the cost of a bus ticket so we could meet. Went amazingly well, spent a crazy 5 days together and I dropped him off at the bus stop this morning. I haven't had the kind of smile on my face in a long time. Well apparently it was misplaced. I get a text that 'I don't want to lead you on, I do want to be friends, but nothing more'. So, being the investigative type that I am, I ask why, despite not really wanting to know. Apparently, the previous night, when I said 'let me cook, you go sit down' I was a little snippy (I recognized it immediately after I said it and apologized), and that startled him. I realize why it may have, but I'm trying to wrap my head around this. He confessed several different things that should have made me run for the hills, and yet they intrigued me and made me like him more. And when I got snippy (yes, I was a class A dick, but again, I immediately recognized it and apologized, which I realize doesn't make it disappear, but it has to count for something), THAT was the dealbreaker?

Point is, I live in this town, there's nobody here for me, I have tried countless times to save and move, and I can't because the world always finds a way to cost me my savings. I thought I had found true love for the second time in my life (honestly, it was crazy and weird how amazingly well he fit what I've always fantasized my significant other would be in nearly every aspect. The fact that he was taller than me was just a bonus (I'm 6'4, so tall was refreshing).

Now he tells me he may be moving to my town. It feels like he's rubbing it in my face. I'm trying to work out if I can truly compartmentalize this and bottle up the feelings that aren't 'friend' feelings, or if I should just let it go and not have any part of him in my life. We weren't together, we weren't dating, hell we both saw other people when we were talking, but it truly feels like I got dumped, even tho it was a first date. And now the visions of swimming out into the middle of a lake and popping a bottle of Xanax are flooding back. I truly hate this feeling and don't know where to turn or what to do.

I feel like I need anger management but I don't know how effective it's going to be or even where to start looking for such help. Plus I am broke. So if there's a fee, forget it.