Wanna end my life this weekI've been extremely suicidal for the last 10 years and posting here because idk what the fuck else to do or who else to talk to and I'm afraid I'm nearing the end of my life soon. I've struggled with depression and debilitating anxiety most of my life. I don't feel like my family really loves me, and its more of an obligation that they keep me in their lives rather than them actually wanting me around.  My parents are divorced and I'm the middle child. My siblings are all close with either my mom or my dad (2 younger on my moms side, from different fathers) (3 siblings on my dads side, 1 older, 2 younger from my dads remarriage) I never see my moms side and those siblings because they live far away, and my dads side of the family and those siblings I've lost closeness with because my stepmom and I don't get along and they have basically shut me out. I was diagnosed with autism this year at 23 years old, and being an adult woman navigating that has been excruciating. I don't feel like I belong here and I don't feel like anybody would really miss me if I was gone. I feel like I behave differently and that people don't know how to become close with me because I'm so afraid of everyone. I feel like my life was a big mistake and has just been an excruciating complicated cycle of abuse. I was raped at 12 years old and don't feel like I've ever really regained myself since then. .  I found out this year that my rapist is in prison, but will be released eventually obviously. Im terrified he will somehow find me ( which isn't all that unrealistic because he knows my name) I don't want to live in fear anymore. 

I don't really know how to make friends, and have been alone for most of my life. The things I live for right now are my dog and my younger sister who lives with my mom. But its come to the point that even that motivation to keep fighting for them has dwindled and I feel like even they would probably be better without me. I'm so lost and lonely. sorry that this post is literally all over the place but this is all just thought vomit I needed to get off my chest. I just really need a friend I think