General Self-LoathingI've been telling myself that I will kill myself as soon as I've paid my student loan debt off, but sometimes, I want to do it a lot sooner. Like, constantly. I'm at a school in a very grey, cloudy section of New York, so that probably doesn't help with things, and being in an absurdly difficult engineering field probably doesn't help matters either. But like, the thing is: I didn't want to be an engineer.  All of my friends have told me their defining moments where they knew they wanted to be a scientist or an engineer: they volunteered at a museum, they built their first circuit, they fucked around with cameras and decided 'Hey, maybe I wanna build one of those.' My boyfriend was inspired by the mars rover in 2012 and those 7 minutes of terror. But me? My dad telling me to get a good job after telling me the story,  yet again, about how his mom wanted to file for divorce in the 50's, but was told by the local priest in her town to basically suck it up, and she was so poor anyways she just kinda had to deal with it for another 30 years.

The point is, I'm uninspired. I've stopped being 100&amp;#37; bitter about basically being forced into a field I don't like, even if I bring it up from time to time in arguments with my mom \(mostly as a justification for being mad, I guess.\) But the fact of the matter is, I'm no good at math or engineering. You couldn't tell based off my grades \(I've done well through sheer determination and fear\) but like, I just don't care. Maybe I'm saying this because it's my last semester in college and I'm still stuck taking weed out courses \(and of fucking course quantum is a weed out course for my major\) maybe it's because the sheer scope of my debt is starting to weigh on me \(90K for undergrad alone. This is because my parents made good money, but having grown up dirt poor they knew fuck all about finances and almost managed themselves into bankruptcy on more than one occasion. They told me they would be unable to help me pay for college, but would be more than happy to co\-sign my loans.\)

I've had two internships that I've loathed, and I know I'm probably going to be just as miserable and useless at my upcoming employement. I feel like in only 22 years, I've royally fucked up my life before it could even really begin: I should have pushed harder to study something I actually cared about at a community college nearby, or I should have applied to PhD. programs so I could have at  least bailed 2\-3 years in and gotten my masters for free.

But no, I keep fucking up. I've made so many wrong choices, and I'm going to continue to do so. I've hated almost everything I've learned, and I'm a slow learner to boot \(every ounce of progress to learn is a onstant  battle that I leave crying. I suck at math and science soooooo much, I don't udnerstand why I continue to try.\) I have no sense of logic, I can't figure out for the life of me how to apply any of the theory that I've learned \(that I remember\) nor do I even like problem solving at all.

I'm in a desperate bid, it feels like, to keep my spirits up. My boyfriend told me the other night that junior year he almost killed himself and it's his pure passion for science that's keeping him sane in spite of how difficult everything is. Yet here I am, whining over minor things: loosing motivation at the slightest of pushes.  After this, I can't even bear to tell him that I periodically cut myself because I feel like I'm stupid \(never enough to really leave a scar.\)

The only thing keeping me going is an exhausted sort of love for my family: while I certainly am upset about how life played out, I don't want my folks to have to deal with 100K they since they're so close to retirement \(i.e. I may not love myself in the slightest, but I do care about their well\-being, apparently.\) 

But like, I'm stuck in this stupid fucking career path for until I can either pay this off, or until I just give up caring about my parents, too.