Just needed to say something. No need to reply or readI feel like i don't belong on this subreddit. I haven't had suicidal thoughts for a long time, but lately they've been acting up. I feel like the things in my life aren't nearly as hard as some of the other people on here. I get the idea my problems aren't as bad and so i really shouldn't feel this way. But I still do and i don't understand why I can't control it easier. 

I recently broke up with a girl who was my best friend as well. We were like Jim and Pam level friendship and just connected well. Our 4 year relationship ended over text with no real reason other than "I don't want to, but I feel like i have to." Long story short, we don't talk anymore and are 2 states away, I've got no other close friend like her, my family is close, but I feel like an outsider, I'm seeing a girl currently who just doesn't click with me, I work a soul sucking job, and now I'm sitting on the floor of this girls house in the living room alone. I feel alone in so many ways. I am empty and hollow and hate this feeling. I can't remember the last time I was actually happy or excited about anything. I remember the feeling. That warm tingly sensation in your chest that just lifts your mood and puts a smile on your face you can't control. I miss that. The only emotions I ever feel anymore are frustration and sometimes sadness. I've felt like I've lost all care and have been floating in and out of days. I barely remember things. I just do things. I know I did something earlier. I walked. But I wasn't there. My body was there, but my mind was just dead. 

I would just like the emptiness to end. The only thing stopping me from driving my car into the river or ODing is how much it would hurt my family or even my ex if she found out. Thinking about that just makes me more sad and frustrated. 

I wanted to type out my feelings and just say something to someone. I know someone will read this, but I guess it doesn't matter if they do or not. I can't commit to talking about it with someone because I just feel weird for saying anything. Posting this hurts enough. Sorry, guys. 
