Hello I want to dieToday's one of those days where I have come up with anger and lost all control over myself.  I'm a 21 year old senior in college who has no friends, no girlfriend, no job, and no purpose.  I couldn't care less about my major and the fact that I'm supposed to be working full-time in less than a year from now just makes me even more miserable.  I don't see a scenario where any job I work makes me happy.  The only reason I would do it is obviously for money, but also to look less pathetic.  I can't even get an internship.  Also, for the love of God, don't tell me graduation is a huge accomplishment.  It's not.  People are working jobs and majoring in biochemical-computer-science-dental-economic-engineering or some shit like that.  I've achieved nothing compared to anyone else my age.

The thing that hurts me most and makes me want to put a fucking knife through my throat is my loneliness and lack of any important adult-related experience.  I have wasted my college years - what are supposed to be my best years, apparently.  I don't have friends, never been to any event/party, and I've never dated or had a sex with anyone other than my father who molested me when I was a child.  The only girl I've expressed actual interest in throughout my two years at this school almost certainly views me as just a friend, or maybe even nobody at all.   She's almost certainly seeing somebody else, and when the semester ends, I'll probably never see her again outside of around campus.  It's probably for the best.  I have to suffer through two more weeks of being around her now.  I thought she was for sure interested just a couple of weeks ago, but nah.  99% chance she isn't, and that I've just been led on again.  Maybe I am just retarded.  Either way, I don't blame her.   I thought I actually found somebody I had chemistry with.  Jokes on me for believing that and being that fucking stupid.  I'd only drag her down anyway.

I've been wishing for a do over... one where I go to a party school, join a frat, make a ton of fake friends, drown myself in alcohol, and have sex with random sorority chicks that I actually can't stand.  I'll do anything to fill the void with something other than fake happiness and jokes.  Maybe the truth is that I'm just not compatible with people and that I'm destined to be alone.  Kids in high school have more sexual and work experience than my pathetic ass.  It really is pathetic. I've gone from the happiest I've ever been four years ago, to a  depressed, angry, envious, spiteful, and toxic piece of shit of a human being who has no purpose.  I just want someone, something, or someplace to love.  I want to get out of this place and move far away where I could start over as soon as possible, but I have no money.  I live in my head and I'm embarrassed of who I've become.  I just want to be loved, but as you can tell, I'm out of my God damn mind.  Who would love me?  Up to this point, nobody has, unless they had something to gain by manipulating me.  Fuck this bitch ass world.  I'm tired of being the loser who watches everyone else live happy and successful lives.  I'm giving it another two years.  The 23 club has a nice ring to it.  Go ahead and convince me otherwise.