My important friend had an accident since 2 months + has now amnesia from trauma and does not recognize me, which is difficult for me to accept. I \[20M\] have known my friend \[Nikol 21F\] since 5 years and help since i know her. 

 It's not really about me instead more about Nikol, but i would appreciate everyone's advice and support!   
 

(also i'm not sure if this is the right community and honestly really don't know where to start the story, because it's way too bizarre to understand or believe it, but i'll try anyway) 

 Nikol was born with cancer, is allergic to the sun, has bad luck in life and is innocent since always, because her parents have never loved or cared about her, all they ever did was abuse mentally + physically and talk bad for no reason, her father is actually not really her father, because she had a blood test and the result was that her mother was with her "uncle", her younger brother stole her Nintendo Switch and never gave it back, she never got money support from her parents that she needed for school / university + not even lunch, the whole "family" are bunch of irresponsible rude people, the only good thing that Nikol had in life was her dear late Grandmother who took care of and raised her to be an honest, good and heartwarming person. 

 I always liked Nikol, because she is a wonderful, interesting, smart, etc. person and did everything I could to help so that she has a better life that she deserves like to help her mentally, gift her a good bed so that she no longer has back pain, laptop so that she has it for university, cell phone so that she does not become alone and can talk with me, switch so that she has fun, a rabbit that gives her joy, etc. etc. etc. I know it would sound like a scam at first sight, but for me it's not, because no one really got to know her that well, but i really know and talk to her almost everyday and that it's not a waste so i'm the one who helped out and bought all the stuff that she needed in life and that i really don't care about money or that she never would dare to ask me about doing all that in the first place, but it showed how grateful Nikol really is with tears of joy, because of my kindness. I also took good care (for a short time) of her late Grandmother, paid for a proper grave and promised her before that that i will take care of and protect Nikol so that she doesn't have to worry anymore which made her happy and feel at ease until the end. 

 Nikol should be happy and if she dies, then everything was for nothing and I really love her and want her to live so I only believe that I can help her and that she needs me, but now I just don't know where to start, Nikol was really (/always) depressed (because her life was already bad enough thanks to her family) + suicidal since the accident which was 2 months until the trauma amnesia started, now she can't recognize me anymore and it's really hard for me to accept the truth, so i would really appreciate everyone's help! 

 (sorry for my bad English)