It's never going to endI've been suicidal since I was 12, over half my life. I attempted it numerous times in high school by swallowing pills. I got help, my circumstances improved, and I'm still on antidepressants. 

The thing is, I never felt happy to be alive. Even at my happiest, all I could think was, "Well, I'm happy, but I still wish my suicide attempts had been successful." But I was probably the happiest I could achieve. I'm just a miserable person, but for a couple of years, I think I was not depressed. 

Now, I'm pretty much back to where I was. I've had a full-on depression relapse. I hate myself. I'm unlikeable, unlovable, I'm a bad person, I'm just defective. I can't even hold down friendships on the rare occassion I do make friends. I don't like where my life is going. I have nothing to live for. I've never been the type of person to lay in bed all day depressed. Even when I was at my worst, I still got up to do my daily routines, excelled in school and work, functioned, for all appearances, but none of it matters. I'm not working for anything. 

The one thing that keeps me from killing myself is this one thought: It won't work. The one thing that keeps me from downing pills again: It won't work. The one thing that keeps me from going upstate and getting a shotgun: It won't work. The one thing that keeps me from jumping in front of a train: It won't work. And everything will be worse after a failed attempt. I vowed never, ever, ever try to overdose again because that's a guaranteed failure. But every night for the past month or two, I fall asleep thinking about one day, finally, blowing my brains out. It's more of a guarantee, but I have to keep reminding myself that the cost of failure for that is much higher than that of overdose.I have to look at pictures of failed shotgun suicide attempts to remind myself that, even though it seems foolproof...it might not work. And everything will be worse after a failed attempt. 

 Jumping in front of a train I could do immediately, no purchase necessary, but even though it's more guaranteed than an overdose, it's less of a guarantee than a shotgun, with a horrible aftermath, and involves dragging a conductor into my death, which I don't want to do.

But I feel like, for lack of a better term, it's my destiny to kill myself. It's been part of my life for so long. It's just who I am. I've been on three different antidepressants. Right now, I'm on Effexor, and I'm thinking maybe I built up a tolerance for it and should switch medication. But what happens after that medication? The next one? And the next? And just a life time of temporary Band-Aids to cover up a life-long problem. They say suicide's a permanent solution to a temporary problem, and that might be true for some people, but not for me. It's not a temporary problem. It's a permanent problem.