2.0Have posted here before a few months back when in the midst of University stress.

Fast forward about 5 months and I am back feeling ... catastrophic? Unstable? Unbearable? 

I'm unemployed and searching for work [I haven't been able to find any volunteer things that will take me either]; had to move out of a previous share house because of problems and have moved into a new house that I can't really afford, but was my only option as I couldn't find somewhere else being unemployed; and am having major problems in my personal life with friendships/relationships. 

I'm insanely self critical and I think I have been acting in a self-destructive way to try to overcome that... I feel like I am in a cycle of doing things that I think will make me feel good at the time but ultimately I know that it will hurt me in the end. 

I am just sick of feeling anxious, terrible about myself, upset that I have hurt others, like a bad person and unable to cope. I have hours on end to think about these things every day as I have nothing else to do besides look at jobs that I know I will be unable to get, or try to satiate myself with distractions (but ultimately, they cost money). I have been seeing a psychologist on and off for about two years, but I am reluctant to go back for a few reasons (even though a friend has suggested this to me): it's a bit unaffordable for me right now, I don't feel comfortable talking to them about relationship issues for fear of judgement (I'm totally fucked up lol) and I've been in therapy since I was about 15, I'm now 21, and I sort of ... don't know if I will ever be able to get help. I feel like I see the world differently and that I am not "normal", and perhaps I should just admit to myself that I am not a good person and just accept fate the way it is.

I have told my psychologist before that I have experienced thoughts of suicide, but they are mainly just a form of escapism. The feelings I have been having recently are more than that - I feel unbearable pain and I don't know how to stop it. There seems no answer, but I guess suicide appears as though it is the only way to be able to alleviate my shame, guilt and resolve my financial/personal/employment problems. 