I'm not in love anymore.I was depressed, and she was there, so I loved her. Granted, she was different from most people, but that's not why I loved her. It's what drew me to her, but that's not why my affection became love. Or maybe it was just infatuation. Idolization, I guess. I never really knew her, I just imagined life if I did and hoped that one day I would say the right thing. She never payed much attention to me. I loved her because I needed to love.

But I don't love her anymore. It was gradual at first, I slowly began to think less and less of her, but now a switch has gone off and I don't have any semblance of emotion left.

That's scary. I don't love anyone now. Most of the people in my family are good people, but I honestly wouldn't care if they disappeared. In fact, I might consider it exciting. Nothing happens in my life.

So I'm left with no love, no passion, and no motivation. I fall asleep too late, I wake up too early, and I'm constantly hungry, but I never feel like eating. I have no friends, and I'm not sure that I want any. I like watching people more than interacting with them. That's really all I do anymore, watch people. I always feel like an alien, but it's comfortable. I don't really care what people think of me anymore. You'd think that would be liberating, but it just enables me to stop trying socially. I can't be bothered to put effort into anything.

I live in a suburb, one with houses painted in neutral colors. The trees are  dull looking at most times of day, and so is the sky. I don't want to be here, but I can't leave. I'm young, still in school, if you hadn't already guessed. I used to comfort myself with the belief that if you sit in one place long enough, you're bound to see something. But there isn't much left here that I haven't already seen. I've seen incredible things, but nothing worth sticking around for.

Definitely nothing worth living for. Things stopped being good enough once I fell out of love. And I can't wait for things to get better anymore.

TL;DR: I've fallen out of love and I have nothing left to live for.