I am sadHello everyone I don't know if this is the right subreddit but I am going to amke my post here anyway.

I am 15 and because of this corona thing my whole sleep pattern is messed up so i just woke up at like 4 am 2 hours ago and went downstairs. i was getting a drink but then thought hey it would be hilarious if i drank some vodka and tried olaying my xbox so i drank 2 decent swigs. i drank plenty before but with people, this tume it was alone. at first it was fun walking around my kitchen but then i sat down and closed my eyes and started thinking very hard. i sat there for like 1hr 30mins and basically the outcome is that i am spoiled and i feel like i dont deserve all i have, im not saying oh i dont deserve to live im so shit, i just mean im too spoiled and my problems are so much smaller than everyone elses but i still treat them big. the past few weeks ive just been playing my xbox, ignoring schoolwork. i eat my dinner in my room, i dont feel comftorbale with my family anymore, im too awkward around them. anywayy when i was done in the kitchen and wanted to go back upstairs i felt scared to go back up here and be trapped in this stupid sad lifestyle. i doubt im going to try to kill myself, but ive tried twice before. i dunno what im getting out of this post i forgot why im making it but i dont know man. oh yeah i forgot to say im a guy, idk if that matters. i dont really know if you can be dependent on weed but it makes me really happy, and i used to steal it off my dad before he started hiding it. so every night i know i wont find it but i go downstairs an look . its so sad man, i think thats why i got sad and sat for 1hr 30mins in the first place, weed just makes me happy and feel nice man. im not tryna be all stoner vibes or any of that i just feel like i need it not want it. theres also another problem i do not want to talk about at the moment and its embarassing but ive already said so much. sorry for spelling mistakes i am still intoxicated at the moment. im going to watch youtube channels to distract myseslf. i wish i had someone really close who knew my problems irl. goodbye