To suicidal teens, please read my story...Hello there,

I come to you with the name Cawkii, not my real name of course but a nick name I gained at a very young age.

I'm 18 now and I thought I would share my story with those of you on reddit in the hope that you re-think what you are thinking about and most probably why you visited this page. I know you want help and I want to share a story about my life, although I am still young as many would say, I just want you to know what I went through so you can relate to what I have been through and what has happened to me over the last 6 or 7 years.

My story begins with my first day at my secondary school (if you are American my guess is this is what you call you high school?) I spent 5 years here and to say the least some of those days were the darkest of my life.

From the very beginning I was singled out. Imagine a white person that has Asian eyes and very long hair, my first lesson was a French lesson and girls in my class thought of me as an Asian girl, and it was only until my name was called out (a male name of course) that they knew I was a guy, which made things worse.

There was a bully that I had tussles with over my next 3 years of secondary school, he frequently bullied me not only with words but intimidating body language (getting right up close to me) One day was particularly bad, when he called me a really degrading name and I just lost it, I threw my chair into the corner of the room in front of the whole class and just sat there and wept. I was eventually lead out and  talked to about the situation, he was moved but that didn't stop him. This was probably one of the worst days of my life. Not only was this bullying affecting me, but my dog was to be put down that same day. I cried so hard that night and really forced myself to re-think what, potentially would've been a very bad mistake. I threw off my covers that night and begin searching my room for some rope and an anchor point, I was half way making a noose and suddenly I had this vision of my funeral and seeing my grandparents, parents and my siblings and friends watching as my coffin was carried into the church. It really hit home that night and I promised myself I wouldn't take it that far again.

My second run-in with this bully ended up with me making him cry, he kept going on at me and I said that at least I didn't live in a council estate (Americans: A council estate is a cluster of houses which may/may not house drug users/dodgy people) Boy that day he sure did come after me, I luckily quickly made it to my class without anything happening. (Still to this day, I do regret that, he had his own problems and now being more mature I realise his way of dealing with those was bullying, it may not have been right, but he did it all the same)

After that I was rarely hassled, but then came a big trip to Paris in which I was with a group of people sharing a bed sit with. I only really knew one of them as we had grown up together, I thought it would be the trip of a lifetime, but one night it hadn't gone well. As I climbed my bunk bed I had my boxers pulled down and right in front of all of them my manhood was on show, they laughed and kept telling me how small it was (something I got over was Big P came) but none the less it got me depressed. I just clicked again and went into the bathroom and closed the door and locked it. I turned on the taps to fill the basin and my aim was to drown myself by inhaling water. While this was happening outside the bully was worrying as he truly thought I was killing myself (which I really was) I came out after about 15 minutes and he apologized and I gave the excuse I was just washing my face and I drank some water which had gone the wrong way, which is what the coughing was all about.

Things seemed really good for the rest of the few years up until a new guy came into school. His name was Leyo and he was your typical black stereotype guy, he had his pants down low and talked "gangsta" and what I will remember to the day I die is that he walked slower than a baby could crawl. He took a particular disliking to me and one day he claimed I had sat in his seat (which I hadn't, he hadn't even been in this music class before) and while giving me the whole intimidating body language like the previous bully which I was just smiling off (when you have this a lot, you get to cope with it), he grabbed my neck, I felt so threatened I pushed him off with my fists into his chest, not a punch exactly, but still enough to make it known to him I didn't like what he just did. He didn't like that. He came straight back and hit me in the eyes with my fists, I left the room because I knew had I fought this guy he and I would've ended up with suspension/expulsion. I honestly could've torn this guy apart if the adrenaline was pumping, but I don't believe in violence, only self defence. I left the room and it was sorted out by a handshake (Teachers, if your reading, this doesn't work, put some effort into making it work by moving students into different classes or separate parts of the room where you can keep an eye on both.) He made me so mad that night I broke a few items in my room and blamed it on my cat, one of which was a bowl I had created out of clay, a one of a kind. I even took the bottle of bleach upstairs with me because I had more suicidal thoughts, I put it back in the cup board the next day when I realised it was my friends birthday and we were all going paint balling.

This was my last run in. Here's the happy part...

I have now moved on from secondary school into college (high school) and there I completed my BTEC (Americans: Equivalent to the popular A levels, but more coursework orientated) and now I am studying a Computer Science degree at a university in the North of the country.

I have met some really diverse people from all backgrounds, Malaysians are amazing! I have never heard a bad word said about me or another person so far. And I have made a great change around since those days which are now behind me.

I promise you that you can get through anything, you just need to have the mind to think that "This will not last forever" Which is a motto I live by, I always think back to the good days and remember the bullies faces (not the bad days, just the good), and frankly, it makes me feel so much better and stronger.

There may be those of you who are just starting or are half way through your battles, I urge you to keep battling through it and if you ever think about suicide again to seek help, I am always on my computer as part of my degree and I will always check my messages, you can PM me with confidence and I will answer back. I would recommend Samaritans as well, as they have helped many people over the years.


You are not alone. You will succeed.

Thanks for reading,
~Cawkii