I'm tearing myself downThat much I know. But I'm worried I might've already made up my mind about both a trigger event and a reason for killing myself this time.

Let me share a little bit of background:

I went through 6 years of school with an unsolved trauma (I'd rather not share) that I couldn't cope with until last year. 6 years I spent fighting over everything, overreacting, shutting myself down. This left me with trust issues and paranoia as of today, which I was able to leave aside until a few weeks ago. Throughout this period I did not seek or receive any professional help, as I was taught, and basically convinced myself that I was just going through puberty, that this was most certainly normal for everyone, and that I had to learn to trust others and not say a single word about my problems, be it either by reason... or force.

But don't misunderstand me: any serious mental issues I mentioned or the ones I might add were not as serious as I'm showcasing them. I mostly had them inside my head and suffered pretty much 'inside my shell', every day, every year. The most I did was cry a few times, and fight with one or two classmates; stuff you could dismiss as normal.

Last year, when I'd supposed I had gotten over all of that bullcrap at last, I realized my parents were treating me as if I were a problem for them. I always lived a life where I didn't ask almost anything from them (aside from the three basic meals and a small candy a month) and was basically a maid for them and they were happy with me, but when they had another child (note how my household's father is not my biological father), and I joined a football team, started going out with friends and got myself a partner, all in very, very small amounts, they began giving me stick. I still did (I think) the world for them: I took care of my brother, the house and our pets by myself 5\-6 hours a day while they were away, I did my best to get back to our house in time, I kept my grades where they were.

I noticed they began constantly groaning at the two, three moments I didn't get back home in time; 30 minutes at most was I late: my friends are those 30 minutes away and the bus isn't always on time/is almost always full to the brim, and to get to the city it's another 45\-min trip, same scenario. They criticise I almost don't speak to them; whenever I do, I fill them in on what I did during the day, and whenever I comment something else either they don't care or they impose me what they think is right \- they won't accept anything I have to say. They raise their voices whenever I try to correct my little brother: "it's their job to raise their children." If I quietly suggest something, they say 'they will' but never do. If he's doing something real wrong, they let him be/won't notice. They shout so much at him, he almost always cries. They threaten him with everything just because he won't understand how to solve a math problem properly. He's... he's just a slow learner. He didn't learn to talk until he was 4, or 5...

My household is draining my life away. My mind away.

My classmates. I try to do anything for them, try to see them happy, those who are in the condition I once were, or are past that point, or are just mentally weak or whatever. Whenever they're down, even if they're the least popular ones (weirdos, whatever), they've always got people by their side, even if it's just me. They get everything they want. But when I'm a little down, or really down, I'm all by myself. When I go towards someone, they quickly put me down somehow. As if I were just a burden.

I just don't even know anymore if I'm the one who's making up all this trouble, if I should just suck it up, if I'm the one who's to be blamed as it always have been, or if I have ever been right, and there's really a moment in time where I should've been listened to.

I just don't know if I should even be posting this. I'm supposed to be mentally strong, so I could help everybody and suck up my issues, leave them aside, and do what I'm fucking supposed to.

And I don't intend to make anyone waste their time with a lost cause, or try to get pity responses with this, or make it sound dramatic or fucking whatever... I really don't. Please believe me.

I just want all of this to go away, even if it's through this post. Maybe I... I wanted to give it a shot. I want to be right for once. I don't want this one beautiful thing I had go to shit because I couldn't hold myself. I just don't want to lose anymore.

I don't want to die.

Yet there I go, I think of who I want to know about my death. I just don't want her to know, but she'll be heartbroken I left her anyways...

I think of how I'm going to do it.

I think of when.

And why.

And it's not like I haven't done it in the past 6 years.

But... I guess it wasn't as extensive as it is now.

I just have one last thing to live for. It's not me, it's not my family, it's her.

And if something is to go wrong... I will have lost the last string that ties me to my life.

I'm scared that I'm almost certain something is already wrong. It's not us, we're fine.

I'm scared I'm already resolved to die.