Every time I’m behind the wheel, I pray an accident will take my lifeI’ve faced depressed, suicidal ideation, severe social anxiety, and Complex PTSD most of my life. I had a legitimate bonafide psychopath as a father and I was physically, mentally, and sexually abused as a child by both parents and my older brother, all while living in the middle of the country with no escape. I internalized all the trauma and abuse I endured and it manifested into anger and self-loathing. I would regularly self harm from the ages of 11-20 with a few relapse since. 

I’m 26 now, and although I’m no longer in that environment, I feel as if a part of me never left that toxic house. It affects me everyday with the way I can’t seem to talk to another human being without looking down and trembling. I can’t trust anyone to care or love me and have ruined relationships because of it. I’ve gone to therapy since I was 16 and although it’s helped in the short-term, it has never seemed to help or heal my underlying issues. Past therapists have never wanted to talk about my past trauma, just about current issues, and always say that a simple retraining of my cognition (thought process) would fix everything. It always felt like putting a bandaid on an axe wound.

I’ve made all the right steps to better my life. I graduated from a state university with a bachelor’s degree. Despite this, I’ve been unemployed for the past five months. I apply to jobs literally EVERY day. I’ve gotten a handful of interviews but they’ve all rejected me. My last relationship just recently failed because of my insecurities/trauma, and he didn’t care about me at the end of it. Actually, all of my past relationships have failed miserably, with two separate guys cheating on me. 

All I feel is hatred and disgust for myself. I have no reason to wake up. No purpose. No reason to live. Yet, I don’t want to outright kill myself. It would devastate my sister, my only friend. I have an accidental death insurance policy, which would give my family enough to cremate my body and have a little left over to cushion whatever pain. So anytime I’m driving, I pray to any deity at all that a car could just accidentally run a red light and BAM! I’ll be free. 

End rant.