I really, honestly can't do it. I feel like suicide is inevitable.Okay, so I've never really been a happy person.  Ever since I can remember, I've been depressed for some reason or another.  Even as a child, there was something making me anxious or sad most of the time.  Things got a lot worse when I started hitting puberty and all the hormones took over, and the depression kept getting worse year after year until they hit a peak when I was 20 years old and I decided I was going to kill myself.  Luckily, the man I'd been interested in and was really good friends with for about three years decided that that was a good time to start a relationship with me.  He legitimately saved my life.  I was completely set on committing suicide, but he came into my life and made everything better.  I started doing better in school, doing better at work, going to see a therapist for my depression, and I was getting my life straight.  We later got engaged, and I was on cloud 9.  My life was finally going well, and I was happy for the first time.

Tonight, he tried to break up with me.  I have been getting very insecure and clingy lately (because I've been feeling bad about myself), and he is having a hard time handling it.  I cried and I BEGGED him to give me a second chance to work on my insecurities, and he agreed to give me that chance.  However, tonight made me realize that if he left me, I would be right back to where I was before we got together.  Maybe even a step or two behind that.  When I thought we were going to break up, I saw no other way out than to commit suicide.  I KNOW I wouldn't be able to go to work for a long time after our breakup because I'd be too devastated to concentrate or even to stop crying for more than 5 minutes at a time. Same goes for school.  I'd be fucked.  And the thing is, I'm on probation, and the terms of my probation say that I HAVE to stay in school or else I'd go to jail.  (I got arrested for drug charges--trying to self-medicate for my depression).  So basically, if we broke up, I'd have no money, no education, and I'd go to jail for at least a few years.  I'd be a convicted felon with no hopes of getting a good job and making a living when I got out of jail.  My life would be ruined.  Not to mention the fact that I could never find another man like him.  I know everyone says that, but he is so perfect...he's too good for me.  If he leaves me, there's no way out.  I have to die.  I would hate to put that all on him, but that's just how it has to be....

tl;dr -- My fiance saved my life, now he's about to un-save it.  I know it's going to happen.