I apologized to my Ex FWB for accusing him of rape. I hate myself. [TW]It all started last Summer.

I was 19, had finally escaped from an abusive and toxic relationship, and found myself working a new job at a small, failing cafe.

This is where I met Stuart (Not his real name.)

He was 21, charming, funny, handsome, everyone adored him, and - he was my supervisor, and he made it clear that he had the power to fire me (Not to mention the owner of the cafe likely had hickeys on her ass the way Stuart kissed it).

Stuart became my de facto shoulder to cry on as my ex boyfriend continued his attempts to abuse me after our breakup and I struggled with the aftermath of experiencing years of emotional/physical/sexual/financial abuse.

I detailed to him every cruel word, and every violation of my boundaries. Typically, I’d make jokes about my pain and trauma, quoting “I laugh, because I will cry if I don’t”, so I’m not sure if he took it too seriously. Humor was my coping mechanism.

He was willing to listen to my stories and offer comfort and support, but would occasionally discredit what I said, accusing me of making it up, “Oh, he didn’t really say that”, “You make him sound like a villain”, I remember him retorting.

I also admitted to him my issues with my physically absent father, my body image issues, and low self esteem.

I always have had a problem with oversharing, and looking back I really regret opening up to Stuart the way that I did.

He opened up to me too, about his toxic relationship with his ex of five years - their constant verbal and physical fights, their drug use, and their mutual cheating on each other.

Stuart also opened up to me that he, too, endured sexual assault at a young age. He assured me that not all men were like my ex, that he was a nice guy, the exception. I believed him.

We flirted, I sent him racy pictures in a desperate plea for validation (My ex would body-shame me and I struggled with an eating disorder my entire adolescence). He repeatedly asked me to “hook up” with him. I told him, however, that I could only have sex with someone I was in a relationship with.

In between his declarations of my beauty and sense of humor and intelligence, he would pepper in a few insults he‘d call “jokes” after seeing how they offended me.

He would make fun of me for having an unathletic body type (underweight, weightlifting is difficult for me), how I had a weird laugh (like Ann Coulter), how I showed signs of autism (because I pranced when I walked and kept to myself), how I’d make mistakes at work (messing up orders, etc).

Although he picked on me, he’d insist on skipping his lunch breaks because he liked spending time with me at work.

I thought “he’s so much nicer than my ex”.

When he stood me up for a date to see Midsommar, he texted me days later that he wanted to just be friends, that he was dealing with a lot, and that he was in the process of being diagnosed with bipolar.

He told me that he knew I had a crush on him. That was true. I did.

Despite my crush, I agreed with staying platonic friends, and tried to avoid flirtation as best as I could, though I did send him the occasional picture if he mentioned it.

He would still shower me in a delicate blend of compliments and thinly veiled insults disguised as “jokes”. I knew if I wanted everything to stay normal at my job, I’d have to play along.

A few months later, Stuart admitted to me that he was going to rehab for an addiction to painkillers. The night before he was scheduled to be admitted, he asked if we could be “friends with benefits”.

I said “I thought you just wanted to be friends”

“Friends can have sex”, he replied

I told him no, with my body image issues and struggles with past assault, I didn’t feel comfortable.

He attempted to convince me he could make me feel comfortable with men and sex again. He mentioned that we both found each other attractive.

I was confused, as friends with benefits implied no feelings. He knew I had feelings for him. Why would he initiate this type of relationship with me?

A few days later, he was out of rehab, and we made plans to go to the movies after our shift together. I wanted to cheer him up and support him because of his substance abuse problems. 

We didn’t go to the movies. We went to his house.

Fooling around on his air mattress, I asked “Do you have a condom?”

“Um, no”

“I don’t want to have sex without a condom” I repeated every time he got a little bit too close for comfort.

Eventually, he ignored me and stuck it in. It hurt.

Stuart didn’t pull out until I started whacking him in the arm.

Driving me home, he asked “Remember when you said you’d only let a boyfriend fuck you?”

My mind was racing. My self worth was so tied up in my “number”, my self esteem was in the gutter, he technically already had sex with me, I still had a crush on him, and - we still worked together; he was still my manager.

So - I continued to have sex with him. I hate myself for doing so.

He complained that his Zoloft prescription made it impossible to get hard while wearing a condom, and that I was the only girl to make him wear one.

I thought “Well, if I were to catch something, I’d have already caught it”.

I quit making him wear condoms.

When I had a flashback and cried during sex, he complained that I made him feel bad.

He kept trying to stick his finger in my ass when I told him not to until finally, I let him, to make him happy.

Sex was excruciating for me, so he’d force me to be quiet when it hurt, because he still lived at home and didn’t want his mom to hear.

When I jokingly mentioned the time he fucked me without a condom when I told him not to, he said “You’re making me sound like a predator”

I let him film me occasionally with the promise of not recording my face. He recorded my face in the videos. I overlooked this at the time.

He wrote a song for me called “(my name) is a whore/When she comes over/I know I’ll score

Pathetically and regrettably, I thanked him for being “more respectful than my ex”.

Looking back, that’s like thanking your cat for shitting on your tile floor instead of your white polyester sofa, when your cat should be shitting in their litter box. (a classy simile)

Despite all this, he’d tell me how beautiful I was and how he adored me and how he quit talking to other girls because he was obsessed with me.  He’d ask me for more racy material as he said I “ruined porn” for him. Even though our relationship was sexual, he told me he could play Monopoly with me fully clothed and not have sex and he’d still be perfectly happy, because he loved me as a person. 

I thought “Whatever happened to no feelings? He’s being more affectionate than my ex”

Eventually, I left my job because, as it was a failing business, they couldn’t afford to give me more than fifteen hours a week.

Yet, I continued to have sex with him. I was so desperate to prove to myself that he was the good guy that he said he was. I wanted to believe that he really did care - that I wasn’t cursed romantically and sexually.

I’d praise him for being such a wonderful guy in an attempt to convince myself that he really was.

When I tried to break things off with him because I equated sex with love and our “no feelings” situation was confusing me, he said he was obsessed with me, but couldn’t commit because I planned on moving away for my career, and he didn’t want to set himself up for heartbreak. 

Towards the end of our relationship, he mentioned several times that his ex was trying to contact him, but he assured me that he was done with her and was ignoring her.

Then he stopped texting me. Weeks went by.

I asked him if he could return the DVD’s I left at his house (Several rare, expensive copies that were valuable to me), and he blew me off and ignored me.

I saw a photo of him with his ex on social media. I was enraged. He didn’t even have the guts to tell me directly.

I angrily texted him to give me back my DVD’s, to delete the photos/videos he had of me, and to never talk to me again.

Sure, I overreacted, but I felt so hurt.

I should mention I was very upset during this time because my grandmother had died and I had lost two close friends of mine recently.

He responded that I was too emotional and that’s why he got back with his ex without telling me, reminding me that it was nothing but casual sex with no feelings, that he never really liked me, and I was delusional for thinking that he did. Every nice thing he said to me, he remarked, he only said because he was high.  

The whole time, I believed he liked me, because that’s what he told me. That’s how I justified what I did with him, despite him not being my boyfriend. I felt deceived. Lied to.

He refused to give me back my films, telling me to come get them myself. Note: I don’t drive after a traumatic incident with my ex, and it would’ve been humiliating to ask my mom to drive me to his house.

After back and forth arguing and insulting each other, (I brought up how he cheated on his ex and abused drugs - which was so mean of me to say, and he brought up how I was a slut for sending him him racy material) he gave up and agreed to return them.

I texted him “The first night we were at your house, I told you I didn’t want to have sex without a condom, yet you fucked me anyway. Why would you do that?”

Stuart became defensive, arguing that I only brought that up because I was upset at him, that he didn’t remember that night, that I told him myself that he was respectful towards me, that I was “always down“ to have sex without a condom.

To be fair, I did only bring it up because we were arguing. Besides, what kind of girl has feelings for a guy who assaulted her?

Answer: Me, twice.

After my accusation, he blocked me. I felt terrible for what I said during our argument. 

Not to mention - he possibly lied about deleting the pictures/videos he had of me on his phone (he kept his former ex’s photos a year after the broke up). Those would ruin my career plans. He could get in contact with my ex who might try to hurt me. He could shit talk me to our friends/old coworkers. I couldn’t have him angry with me.

He also was charming, popular, everyone liked him. I was introverted and awkward. I rationalized that I had to be in the wrong, because he was so perfect and put together on the outside.

To add to this, during our argument, he said he pitied me for painting myself as a victim all the time. I did not want to be a victim anymore. I didn’t want the only men I was sexually involved with to have both assaulted me. I didn’t want a complete stranger to have assaulted me. I wanted to believe that he was a good guy who wouldn’t hurt me. After all, I had thought that I really liked him.

Since he blocked me, I used a fake number to apologize to him. It was a lengthy apology about how I overreacted and that I was the one in the wrong. 

In further attempts to mend the situation, I sent him a gift card. His girlfriend found out and asked me why I did that. I don’t know why I did. I was just desperate. I lied and told her I was a platonic friend sending him a small gift. I’m sure she assumed I was a girl Stuart was cheating on her with.

Stuart probably thinks he’s some hero who cured my trauma with his dick. He probably thinks I’m a crazy bitch who only pointed out what happened the first night I was over because I was bitter. He doesn’t know that what he did is eating me alive.

I’ve given up on romance. All I’ve gotten from it is pain and self-disgust. I took a chance, and I want to die because of it.

There’s nothing I can even do about it now. No one would believe me. As far as anyone’s concerned, it was just a relationship gone sour.

I hate the fact that every man I’ve ever been close to has assaulted me or at least attempted to. I feel like a piece of meat. I feel like I deserved it. All of it. I want to die but I don’t want to hurt people.

He got what he wanted, and I’m left to suffer with the questions I ask myself every day, questions I don’t think I will ever have a definite answer for:

After all this, do I even have a right to call it assault? Rape? Abuse? Or, did I deserve it?

There’s no hope for me; it’s like I truly don’t belong here. I feel less than human._




If you made it this far, thank you for your time.