Having one of my "episodes" at the moment so i wrote this to more easily convey how im feeling  

„Johnny's hell“

The table is where he sat nightly,every night just… more lonely than the last and always just thinking „when will it end?, if ever“. The wind's slow and ambient blowing outside his apartment window, „9th floor“ he thought to himself „event he wind barely comes up here so why would anyone else?“, he stared out at the night for a bit „what is there to it even? What exactly is there to life that i'm not able to see that seemingly everyone else is?“. „it's my fault for this i know that much, but i'm still not a monster though,am i?“ „Do i feel too little or too much?, i wish it was the first one“ he pondered.

„Is it too late for me?“ his thoughts intensified as they always did, „Could i have changed if i took action sooner? Can i still change now? Where would i even start?“ his thoughts got worse when he opened his phones camera and saw himself „Ugly,too skinny,just **worthless**“ he got up and went to his nightstand,

„lexapro“ he smiled „does nothing but i still buy into it's lie, it's lie of „helping“ me““21 years of a waste of life aren't going to be solved with pills“ his expression changed, from a stoic nothingness to a deep sadness „21 years, huh first time thinking about just how many that is, how much did my parents think i'd achieve i wonder, ah doesnt matter now does it“ he threw the pills back into the nightstand, his expression getting more and more sad and disturbed. He walked over to his small apartment's window and looked down, „I wonder“ he thought „would it hurt at this height or would it just fade into darkness, would there be anything afterwards?, not with my luck, nothing nice at least“. „Still, it would release me, release me from this hell im living in, no one would even care would they, sure they'd pretend for the sake of „morality“ but i know, i know they would give a single fuck in the end“ he opened the window fully „even if they would they would forget, everyone forgets and i wouldn't be an exception, just another marter for people, another broken cog that couldn't be fixed and would be „resting in peace“, well, at least i hope it would finally be peace but beggars can't be choosers“. „How would the person or people that find me feel?, ah i can't care anymore ive done it too much already, maybe just this time, maybe il think of myself“.

And so, the 9th floor lost one of it's residents.