I am not suicidal.But why should I live if most humans are trash and they just abuse each-other all the time? What's the point? 

All my life, I was raised to believe that you respect other people and you treat them in a way you would want to be treated. Morality, empathy, and altruism are all things I cherish dearly. However, the human world doesn't care about that. They only care about money, sex, and violence. I don't get it. These things are not the only thing worth pursuing on this planet. Sex can be fun but honestly I think it's only a big deal when it's with someone you love. Money is obviously important but sadly you cannot live without it. And violence needs to absolutely go away forever but we all know it's here to stay. Humans just love to fight. 

I hate it. Why even try anymore if nobody gives a shit? Everyone only cares about what gets their genitals wet or what makes them most amount of profit regardless of what gets hurt. They kill anyone who is different from them just because they hate them so much. I don't get it. 

How do you people find a reason to keep going? If the human world is completely disgusting and full of abusers, why should I even try to be a good person? Nobody cares about me anyways except for my mother. My father was another person that gave a damn about me but he passed away a few months ago from cancer (sob story.) Like me, he was someone who valued doing the "right thing" but that just set him up countless times to get his kindness taken advantage of by ungrateful people. When we needed other people's help, they left us to rot.

I love being a good human being. I love empathy, altruism, and morality but the rest of humanity is selfish. They only think with their lizard brains. I'm sick of it. Really, it's pretty depressing. I do not know what to do anymore. I pretty much made a mockery of myself today on another social media website, desperately begging for help but most people just ignored me. Wish I had some hope left. Thanks for reading, random internet stranger. I hope you have a better day than the day I had today.