Idk what to doFor obvious reasons, I’m using a throwaway account in hopes that family/friends never see this. I’m 20, in college, a rebel child, and I’m suicidal. It’s been tough for the past 2 years. I come from a strict immigrant family who’s sole purpose was to come to the US and try and live a better life. Throughout my childhood I was considered smart and never wandered through different paths other than the perfect child role. In my last year of high-school I started drinking, smoking, and vaping. Parents eventually found out and I was punished, obviously. But I never stopped smoking, drinking, and vaping as smoking and vaping became an outlet for me and eventually an addiction. It came to the point where my parents would catch me and not even care (they don’t smoke, drink, or do anything considered taboo). I’ve broken their hearts, their spirits, and their visions for me. My brother was also in a phase of doing this but got past it (he’s now in professional school doing pharmacy). But the thing is that he’s allowed to go to a college not close to home while I’m stuck at home commuting to a local uni every day of my life hating it while my parents don’t allow me to hang out with friends. I make friends easily but I’m stuck at home getting attached to my computer because i feel not wanted/needed. This has made me depressed for the past two years and things have only gotten worse. I’ve been consistently getting worse grades in my courses and have been falling behind. It eats me up so much whenever they find out I’m not doing well and it makes me even more depressed and it’s like a cycle. I’ve been wanting to end it all for weeks now but I’m too cowardly to do it in a manner that’s obvious as it’d hurt my family. I want to make it look like an accident (car crash or something). Every time I’m out for groceries or any quick run I always think about slightly veering into an oncoming 18 wheeler to just end it all. Tonight I write this message because I almost went through hanging myself because of the thoughts I’ve been having. I don’t take any medications, or go to a therapist as my parents think that doing this will ruin my whole career (if I ever get one). I don’t know what to do and i need guidance or else it’ll all end soon.