I don't know what's wrong with me.I want to start with saying that my life is good. I have money, free time, family and friends who love me. I understand I'm privileged and lucky to be. I should be happy.


I've spent a lot of time thinking about what is wrong with me and still find it extremely difficult to articulate. I've been told it's depression but I'm not sure. My whole life I've felt empty, like I'm not really a person but more a reflection of a person. I'm going to try to sum it into large points, I think that'll make it easier to explain.


1. There is no real "me" all I am is what I copy from others. I act differently in different groups of people. I am undecided on so many things because I have no "me" to refer to how I feel about anything. I've been like this as long as I can remember.


2. There is nothing I want. I'm at the point of my life where it is time for me to become an adult and do things, be independent and just, live life I guess but I find myself wanting nothing. I truly realized the extent of this when an investment I had made me a large amount of money so I left my job to just, do things. It's been over 8 months and I realize there's nothing I want to do. I don't want to see places, I don't want to travel or experience things. I think this is what triggered the realization of how deep this problem in me is. If I have the means to do pretty much anything (I have the time and money) but all I want to do is nothing then what is the point of my life at all?


3. I have no sexual orientation. I'm not interested in a companion or a lover. I've heard of people being asexual and "that's okay" but (this goes hand in hand with number 2) if I want nothing AND no one, again life is a very empty venture. Almost everyone I know is pursuing a job or a partner or a family. They have goals that they strive for, how can I do that when there is nothing I want.


4. I've seen psychiatrists and psychologists and been on medications (currently on lexapro/escatilopram have been for years now). I notice the difference these things make, same with regular exercise and a healthy diet but still it always comes back to the central realization of "I am no one and I want nothing". Everything is work because it pursues no goal for me.


5. The only thing that has helped me is drugs and alcohol. They kind of reset my feelings and thoughts for a time and for that period suddenly not wanting anything doesn't matter but after a few days it's even worse.



6. Seeing the world too clearly. I'm not sure what other way to put this, I think it comes from not enjoying anything. This has always been the hardest to put into words. A big part of this is the "why". It's also seeing the meaningless behind things. Like I said this is the one that is really difficult to put into words, it always sounds like teenage angst and "life is meaningless". It's not just the why DO this or that it's the why FEEL anything at all. Why worry, why care. A good example of this is when I had a car accident on the way to work early last year and for a second I was stressed then I thought "why worry, I don't have to go to work now I guess". It sounds almost comical the way I've put it but the experience was a lot darker and empty. 


This is so hard because what I've said here barely scratches the surface of the depth this has in me. It's not just "I don't want anything" it's looking into the world and thinking "there's nothing out there that interests me", it's seeing all the circles we run in every day and not understanding the point. There is no where I can begin because all the paths are the same. There is no excitement, joy, wonder. What I have is not depression in that I sit at home in bed and do nothing. I actively seek for something but am always empty. I am healthy and do everything that should help.



This isn't just a fleeting feeling or a off the cuff post. I've tried so much to just break free of this and I'm at the point where I think I should just lie down and embrace it. I don't even know why I'm posting this in the first place, I know nothing anyone says will help because it can't. Has anyone here felt this way or heard of this before? Sometimes I think I could be some kind of psychopath but I don't want to hurt anyone or do anything weird. I just want to be left alone, lie down and never wake up. I still feel I haven't explained it properly...


Edit: I forgot to mention the unreality of everything. Another one that is hard to explain.