Everything is getting too much for me, but now my family tooThis is a long story but I'll try and keep it short:

Ive been depressed for a long time, since ive been in school about 8 years now, I know how its up and down etc.

When I was in uni for a year I dropped out and that was when I previously felt my lowest and really wanted to hang myself, I braided wires from my consoles and such for a makeshift noose.

Fast forward a couple years I moved up country to live with a couple friends for a year or so. Everyone there learnt about my depression and pretty suicidal thoughs and when the time came for him to ask me to leave I figured that would be best time to end things, I had the plan down to a tee and bought the tools needed.

A week before my planned day my housemate woke me up saying surprise hes taking me back home, a house filled with stress and anger. I told my mum my thoughts and plans before I came home so she knew how I felt and (behind my back a little) told my brothers and dad. I have to sleep on the sofa too until my brother leaves.

Its been a couple weeks and I told myself I would see a doctor but the side of me that says "whats the point I want to die anyway" wins.

I couldn't sleep so went to get a drink and saw my mum was awake, we had a talk and she told me how her and everyone is surprised at how 'happy' I am (I can be happy and smile and laugh but as soon as im back to my thoughts alone it hits me back like a truck and I typically cry most nights). She also explained how my brother is also extremely depressed although as far as she knows not suicidal. Hes moving into a hostel like place where according to him you get monitored and such next week and she is panicked about that or losing him. Plus now I feel the weight ive thrown on her is too much considering everything else.

I figured I would at least see the doctor and even just tell them how I feel and how I had a plan down to every action as that increases urgency to see someone. But I cant see my doctor until after christmas now I dont think, ill try phoning tomorrow

I dont really know what to do anymore in the long run. My plans right now were to see out christmas and slip away before new year, I especially feel bad now that I know my brother is pushing himself to find a place, anywhere just to leave on my behalf and I feel as if people are giving me treating me differently, judging me more since im 'supposed' to be suicidal, I just hide it well, but at the same time its relaxing my mum seeing im 'not in as bad a position as she though'.

I hate this, my mum has been through a lot this year and in her eyes Im just another notch towards her failure as a mother, but she has been the best I could ever ask for. I just wish I could leave without the pain or blame to her...

Thanks for taking the time to read!