I think tonight's the nightI'm just so tired. I'm tired of my job, I'm tired of school, I'm tired of being alone, I'm tired of doing nothing all day. Nothing is fun anymore. People used to ask me what I wanted to do with my life. I have no idea anymore. Maybe I never did.


My friends don't care. I guess I lost all of them years ago when I quit swim. Probably my biggest mistake in a life filled with them. I should have been better. I should have tried harder. I should have been a better friend. I fucked that up. Just another one of my failings. I should have tried so much harder. I could have done so much more. I could have been so much more.


I'm out even sure why I'm making this post. You don't know me, and don't care. Last time I made a post like this you told me to cut out my "self pitying arrogance". Not sure what I expect.


So I have 74 pills of 20 mg of Citalopram each here. I'm not sure if that's enough to kill me, but I'm also drunk and I have another bottle of some generic version of Lamisil here. Is lamisil even a real medicine? I think I was prescribed it to fix some weird fungal thing on my toenail. Would that even do anything? Probably not. Maybe if I'm lucky that'll be enough to send me on my way. Maybe I'll end up in a psych ward. Might be fun to find out.


It's funny. I don't feel depressed now. Not sad either. It's kinda relieving to have this choice. I could down the bottle, and maybe go somewhere better. I'm just sitting here staring at the bottles and some old swimming trophies and ribbons. Guess that was the only thing I was good at. Only real accomplishment in 19 fucking years. I was talking to a "friend" today who's was at a swim meet. What I would give for another one. I would give anything for just one more day of high school and swim. Just the good old days. But I had to go and ruin them didn't I. I miss those days, but I can never get them back, can I? I'm so sorry. I fucked up. I fucked  up so badly. I should have done better 

I'm sure my ranting is boring you at this point. So I guess I'll stop. You don't care.