Stressing out about being suicidal is gonna be the death of me.I've read these posts for months but wasn't going to post bc I dont see the point in getting pep talks from people. I already know - chin up, things could be worse, your family needs you, things will get better, blah blah blah. But I can't tell anyone what's going on, so I have finally decided to write it down to get it out. And by "write it down" I mean post it here. 
So, I can't tell anyone for a bunch of reasons. Yes, I have plenty of people who I can tell and who would be pissed if they knew I am keeping this to myself. But I do not want to burden anyone, I do not want to "seek attention" or be dramatic, I do not want to appear week, I do not want to be embarrassed, I do not want my kids to find out, and I don't need sympathy or anyone in my face about it. Also, I'm not at the point of doing it yet. I think about it probably only 70% of my day. I'm past the point of just daydreaming about it, and I'm on to the point of being cool with it, tempting fate a little, and making plans for the aftermath. It's just an emotionless, matter of fact, plan. I don't know how to explain it, maybe someone here can relate, but I think I'm more angry and fed up and "fuck it" than I am sad or depressed. Up until recently I felt a little silly bc on the surface my life looks A-ok. Nice marriage, nice job, awesome family, successful children, I'm not wealthy by any means but I've got plenty of spending money. I'm pretty attractive if I do say so myself lol No drug habit. So what's been my problem? Idk. Inside I am very lonely? Misunderstood? I feel like no one knows me at all, and those closest to me haven't a clue who I am. I guess that's probably my fault somehow but still. I carry far too much weight. My mind is always racing bc there's just so much to think about, worry about, stress about, and handle. Anyway, I felt weird over the past several months having suicidal thoughts bc seriously, wtf do I have to be suicidal for? So I jinxed myself lol In the past few weeks my husband has been diagnosed w cancer, our marriage took a nosedive, my father was diagnosed with cancer, two vehicles are falling apart, my pool pump died, my basement flooded, my laundry room sprung a leak, etc etc. So I took a small handful of benzos and washed them down with a couple beers. I knew it wasn't enough to do any real damage, and I got a damn good nap! Now I wonder how many more I can take, like, what's my limit? I can't say that I'm trying to kill myself yet, it's more like, oh well if it happens - if that makes any sense. For example I've found myself flying down the road at 90 mph just for a second and just for fun. Something I would never do! And just like when I took the pills, I didn't think about the affect it could have on other people until afterwards. Trust me I know what could happen to other people. So I thought about cutting myself. I've seen it on TV, I did similar things as a teenager. But I can't hide it. So then today I was trying to brainstorm ways to hurt myself that people can't see. What the hell is that lol!! Sometimes I think I must be delusional. Sometimes I think reality isn't exactly reality. Like I'm in a dream or a movie or that the entire world is just my life and nothing else is real. Like The Truman Show or Vanilla Sky or Inception or something dumb like that. But the great thing is, no one has a clue. Everyone thinks I'm "the strongest person" they know. Most would say I'm very put together, some would say they envy my life, all would say I'm a very lucky woman. Anyway, that's all I feel like rambling about for now. Thanks for reading if you did.