This pandemic has ruined my life, I think the world is awful, I wanna gooooThis is a rant! 
It’s longer than it needs to be, it’s all over the place, it’s not very to-the-point and it may come off silly or light in tone but this is deeply effecting my mental health on a daily basis

With that being said
If you’re gonna bark at me for poor grammar, having a shitty and nihilistic attitude, then return from whence you came because I am not in the mood tonight, xoxox

Anyways, yeah, this shit sucks! I’m over it and I’m ready to move on from living 
I don’t see a point in being here
I’m not patient enough and I don’t see it truly getting better
At least not to a point where I think it’s worth living
Maybe I’m hoping for too much 

Uhh let’s see why I hate it here?

• The economy is gonna be in ruins so that’s sweet, totes looking forward to that and how it’ll effect my future plans and aspirations 

• People who want to be in the entertainment industry are having their livelihoods burned in from of them right, lots of venues will be closed with no means to reopen once this clears up, US touring visas are going up in price to an amount that’s absolutely unrealistic, filming of things won’t return to proper schedule and crew capacity for a long time it’s looking like 
So if you’re involved in this industry and enjoy your work go fuck yourself I guess! Lose your passion and go do something else or die and go broke waiting for it to work itself out LOL 

• I’m absolutely sick and tired of feeling at risk anytime I go do anything, the paranoia drives me up the wall. I perform my daily tasks as safely as I can, double check, double wash, etc
Yet I stay up for hours every night wondering if I touched something I shouldn’t have or if I’ll eventually slip up and get exposed to the virus in some way. My girlfriend is at higher risk, like she gets bodied by a flu, so if she got the virus I’d lose my fucking mind. Oh ya and I don’t need you saints to tell me this part is temporary, I’m aware! I’m just tired of the daily psychological damage it’s causing me and I dread the damage I’ll be left with for years to come OwO

• The general response on how things have been is mind bending. I know it’s fake woke and I’m exaggerating when I this but it’s really feels like we’re living in that movie Idiocracy. Haha world dumb I’m so smart, that’s epic. See, like not really but I’ve read a lot of stuff that I just can’t wrap my head around. 
I won’t say what parts in particular bugs me because no activism no politics in this group blah blah blah. But I sit here every day and just read what people have to say about what’s going on and I honestly think this is purgatory. Like these people actually make me want to scratch my eyes out because I think their takes are so garbage. It feels like the world has turned into one big cringe compilation on YouTube that I accidentally clicked on and now I can’t look away. Oh and the cringe comp is like stuck in 240p and you’re playing it through gas station earbuds that you got at the check out. 

In conclusion I wanna resign. I’d like to quit living.
I don’t know how much longer I’ll be able to sit around and watch this unfold.