Suicide is a permanent solution to a permanent problem. Last post.I want my quote to resonate with existence itself. 

A lot of people act like they know how you truly feel, when in reality, they only believe what the majority says and it then becomes bias. These help methods, quotes, do not apply to this world. 

I find it beyond disrespectful for someone to pretend like they fucking know me and tell me this that, yadda, yadda like some bitch and girls I meet online. I've had people tell my that my opinions, morales and ideas don't matter and come off as "negative" so to speak. Let's just say I've met many bad people.

If you're plan is to argue with someone who want to kill themselves, you're practically killing them. Not to mention trolls. No one will ever know until they feel truly suicidal, it's just like eating a coconut or a rare fruit, no one is going to realize or give a shit because they're blind to it.

Anyways the meaning of this post, is I'm quitting this sub-reddit, my DMs are empty but I guess that's best, I've been in this vicious cycle of no one talking to me, but I think it's time to finally cut myself off from the world and trauma. This shit has gotten out of hand.

Just know two things.

1. If everyone else does it then I should!
2. If everyone else believes it then I should!

The most hated people in this world were the ones who tried making a difference. Demons are all around you remember that. Everything is about numbers, money, fame, people, groups, politics. Everything. I'll probably delete this soon anyways, I regret having any emotion. All it brings is hate, plus my PMs will be empty and hopefully they will because it's proof that I'm going. I've typed too much and wasted my time. 

FYI I have had no friends or anyone to talk to my entire life. Only bad people is all I had. Demons. 

When I go, it won't make a difference compared to living, just saying killing myself won't make any difference, I've already ran down every scenario. Nothing matters to me. Peace to that one person who actually can see these demons.