I want to dieI have loving family and two "friends" But i don't want to be alive my life is worthless. I have many team mates who i really like and they have supported me through hard things but i dont want to be alive. 1year ago i went everywhere with my friends but now i just dont want i dont know why. And i think everyone has girlfrend or boyfrend i dont. No one has ever liked me. And i think thats because i am  ugly as fu*k and i think i have a depression but i just pretend to be happy.

And one of my "friend" Is violent he every time says "i'll beat you up" And stuff like that others think its only joke but he has many times hit, kicked or choked people not badly but still and he says   
things like "why you dont want to go anywhere with me" And still he wants to sit next to me. And if you say anything to him like "you are ugly" He starts to beat you

And everyone knows and hangs with so many people i just with one he is the other frend he usualy brings the violent "friend" With him or some random people and he also got girlfrend. And i have one guy who shares memes with me he is great guy. But usualy i am in my own room watching youtube. And the violent friend still ask me to many places and i say an excuse everytime.
I just want to lay in my bed every single day or play videogames

And more about the violent friend he once made jokes of my friends hamster who had died yesterday because they didnt let him play this football kind game where you have to pass the ball to other palyer in the air.
 And i have school tommarow and the violent friend makes everyday in school hell. I try to avoid him at all cost. fortunately my class mates will change next year (the violent guy is in the same class as i am) and because in my school we have a "swiming week" From monday to friday we go to swim with my class. And i am not going there i rather would broke both of my legs. But fortunately we have only 4 weeks of school before the winterbrake.

These are the reasons why i think killing my self every day.   

  Does enyone else be like you don't want to kill your self but just want to stop existing. 

This is it for now