At the end of the yearI made he decision to end my life by the end of the year, if I make it that long. I'm so tired of being alone. At first I was fine with it but as time went on I realized I don't want to be alone anymore. I want someone to love and love me back. 

But lately my loneliness is getting worse. I feel in love with a girl at work. The thing is I did not attend to fall for her. When I first saw her I wanted to ask her out but because I'm so shy and have such low self esteem I did not, I figured she would say no anyways. Later on we became friends and started making plans to hang out. She likes horror movies almost as much as me so we decided to go see just horror movies together. After the movie was over and i was driving her home we started talking. She told me that she is suicidal, I told her I was too. And that is when we became even closer friends. She would tell me that if I ever needed to talk she would be there for me. 

The thing is I cant really talk to her about anything because lately she is all I think about. I want to tell her how much I love her and I want to be with her but I cant, because she is already in a relationship with someone and engaged to that person. If I tell her how I feel now I know she well possibly freak out and end the friendship that I cherish so much. When I am around her all the feeling of depression and anxiety go away. When I am alone I think about her and I start to cry. It feels like I have separation anxiety when i am not with her. 

A month ago I decide to look for someone to have in my life so I tried online dating. It was a bust and just made me realized that I am not attractive enough for this. So I decided to end my life at the end of the year. I'm in the process of selling my things and writing letter to my closest friends, which I dont have as much anymore. The money that I get from selling my stuff I'm going to give it to the only girl I ever fell in love with. The reason being without giving to much information is that she cant work very much because of a disability, she can barely afford to get gas. With the money she can catch up on bills and use the rest to a future with the person she plans to spend the rest of her life with. 

Most people that will comment may say this is foolish and you maybe right. But I dont have anyone in my life and I am miserable all the time. I lived my life so far for myself, I would have never done this for anyone other that I person I care about. And she is the only person I ever wanted to care for. I waited a long time to find someone like her but she is already with somebody else. I will never find another like her. 