You Die in Your Own ArmsFor the past 8 years, I have been struggling to overcome severe clinical anxiety and depression. It has been quite a long journey, and I have learned a lot about myself and the world along the way. Every single day of my life, I wake up and go about my basic responsibilities all while wearing a mask to hide my internal suffering from the outside world. Most of my friends and colleagues know that I am not exactly a happy person, but nobody other than myself knows the extent to which this depression has reduced me to nothing more than a shell of my former self.

I have been having intrusive and vivid thoughts of suicide for many years. For most of my life, I always assumed I would eventually kill myself once things got bad enough. I've used that logic to motivate me and get me to the point that I'm at now, but I believe the time is quickly approaching to actually follow through.

For my entire life, I have had to deal with the symptoms of severe social anxiety. This disorder has made my life practically unbearable. All of those opportunities wasted, all of those relationships destroyed, and all of those times I've made a failure out of myself....all because of a neurological disorder that is beyond my control. I can't blame the disorder for my shortcomings, but at the very least I can blame it for reducing my quality of life to practically nothing. My anxiety has caused me to develop a co-morbid and chronic depression. These two psychological afflictions have pushed me to my breaking point and stripped my life of any hope and joy.

I have spent the majority of my life secluding myself from others, only forming relationships for my own personal benefit. I have been in love twice, and both relationships ended as a result of my selfishness and neuroticism. The only times in my life where I've ever felt an inkling of happiness was during those relationships. All I ever wanted was to feel like I had a real reason to live. Something bigger than myself to stay alive for. Those precious moments with a significant other, hearing them tell you that they love you, can change your life.

For a while, I believed that within this love, I would finally find the happiness I was looking for. However, I was mistaken. If there's one lesson I've learned in my life, it's that you die in your own arms. In the end, everyone will turn their back on you when it suits them best. The idea of love is so phony and fake it makes me sick. Love will eventually turn cold, and you'll be left all alone with your problems and emotions. Eventually, you'll be right back where you started. Only this time, you will be haunted by the memories of the past.

So here I sit, typing this wall of text for no real reason. I've reached the point in my life where I cannot possibly see any reason to keep going. Every day is suffering, every good thing in life turns to shit, and in the end you're left to die in your own arms with your own problems that you created.