Not sure where to go with thisI just remember the thoughts. It always felt like a struggle. I didn't like them. They were mean. Either it was me hating myself or me telling myself to shut the fuck up about hating myself. I rolled into my pillow and tried to make it stop. But then I wasn't sure if I was sleeping. I didn't know what was going on, I was so confused.

All the shit from the night before carried over to this morning. I didn't hear back from my "friends." I tried getting back with my ex, fearing I'd made the biggest mistake. I thought I could handle leaving him, but when I made the decision, I think I thought I had people. But when I really needed them, I didn't. So I needed my ex back. I started questioning everything again. It just felt like mistakes all around. I felt really stupid.

I didn't (still don't...) know what to believe. Do I need my ex? Do I need my friend James? If I could talk to James, would I be begging for my ex? Did I break up with my ex because I thought I could have James? Did I ever even make a clear headed decision? I thought I was thinking rationally when I decided to break up with him, but maybe I wasn't. Mistakes all around, mistakes all around.

I don't know what to believe anymore, about myself or other people. I can't trust myself and I can't trust other people. That makes it pretty hard to get through a day.

Sometimes I think I'm losing my mind but if I help myself I'll find it just in time. Other times I think I've already lost it.

I want someone to fix me or I want to die. I guess it's as simple as that I don't mind helping myself, I've done a lot to help myself. But it doesn't look like it really got me anywhere. And so I need someone to take it from here or just let me turn around.

I've done so many of the right things. I'm going to therapy, working through stuff at on my own... Therapy has helped, but just with the anxiety, I think. It's not helping me with the suicide stuff. It's not helping me with not knowing what to believe. I feel like anxiety is just one of the smaller manifestations of what's really going on. And no, I don't really know what's going on but it feels bad. I'm afraid that I won't ever be okay.

If I could just find someone who cares enough about me to make sure I'm okay maybe I'd feel better. Safer, at least. But right now I have no idea what's going to happen. It doesn't feel like I'm going to make it. And it doesn't feel like that matters. Probably because in reality, it doesn't. I guess it could matter if I was a better person, but as it stands right now, it really doesn't matter.

You know I guess I just think it'd be easier if I died. And it would be, for me and everyone I talk to. I guess I think that because I don't think I'm going to get better. I'm always going to need someone to talk to. I find people, but then they get tired of me. I feel bad about it, but at the same time I just desperately need them. They stop talking to me, I find new people. They think they can handle helping me but eventually they all wear out. Sometimes I'm caught feeling bad with no one to care. And if every one of those times is worse, what's going happen eventually? We all know.

So why bother with anything at all? I guess I'm slightly hopeful that it will all come together one day and I'll be better, I'll be *good*. Or I'll find who I need, or both. But until one of those two things happen, it's going to be really hard. And every time things feel bad, it gets harder and harder to believe that either one of those things will happen.