Suicidal Ideation Cure Via Dangerous JobsHey All,

Wanted to share a bit about what helped me, at-least for a while, completely get over suicide.  As it turns out, my story is pretty common in militaries around the world.  

I had a shitty upbringing.  I had wanted to die from my first memories onward due to unrelenting abuse.  I couldn’t run away (literally on an island), and I couldn’t get away due to a narcissistic parent gaslighting me to everyone I knew.  I thought about blowing my brains away every day, and had plans to shoot myself on my 18th birthday, the day I could buy a rifle.  Then, out of nowhere, I got a grand idea: I want to die, so why not die with some purpose?  Die a worshipped War god?  Become a spec ops ninja and die a glorious, painful death while helping the rid the earth of the parasites that made you suffer, for the good of your nation?

I joined the Army as an airborne grunt in a dangerous unit.  It felt fantastic, that I would absolutely be sent to combat and the likelihood of me surviving was pretty low (in this unit, anyway).  I ended up pouring my soul into the selection process, and found new meaning to life on my pursuit towards death.  My lack of a will to live was replaced by a will to fight for my country.  I then made myself as hard to kill as possible in this process- fit, and salty.  In doing so I became proud as hell.  I found purpose, and I truly di not want to die so that my comrades would live on.  Simultaneously, I had accepted my own inevitable death and was at peace- 10 miles runs at top speed didn’t seem so difficult anymore.   What’s the worst that could happen, I die of heatstroke?  May as well push those limits.  It really sucked when it was cut short via injury, and I was abruptly medically discharged without having been in combat due to a training injury.

I then wanted to translate that purpose to something else, but haven’t found it.  The purpose, besides for living for my dogs is gone.  I am ready to die again, this time an injured failure.  I want to join the French Foreign Legion and fulfill that purpose that I set out for so long ago- or even just link up with the Kurds and fight for their freedom.  If both fail, then IDK why tf I am alive.  Existence is pathetic.  Humans are disgusting.  

Tl;dr:  if you’re ready to end it, at-least have the courage to die for someone else.  You will make an excellent soldier so long as you do not get injured, and if you perish in the end, your friends and family will worship you as a hero, instead of being broken by your suicide.  Trying to get over the feeling of hopelessness.