Could really use someone to talk toI have been passively suicidal for many years, and every time I think I really want to do it, I think of ways to but they all sound so painful. I thought pills would be the best way but they could easily go wrong and I’d be in horrible pain. It’s weird but I’m more afraid of the pain than of death. I think death is really peaceful and probably feels really good, but it’s the getting there that scares me.

And it’s that fear of the pain leading up to death that is keeping me alive. But I have nothing to live for. I’m unemployed and can’t work because of a myriad of physical and mental health issues. I’m autistic so I’m socially isolated and have sensory issues that make everyday life 10x harder. I had to move back home because i got so sick and couldn’t keep living independently and now i sleep in the hallway of my mom’s house because there is literally no space for me here. Actually, i don’t sleep, because i can’t; I don’t even have a room, I stay awake thinking how I have been wanting to die since I was 7. I was abused by my father since childhood and now live withCPTSD because of it, which is the root of my depression and autoimmune illnesses. And I’m 36, so I really don’t see how things are gonna get better from here since I’m almost middle aged. I used to be married but my (ex) husband left me and made me get an abortion because he didn’t want to be responsible for a child. I’ve lost everything that mattered to me in this world. I know friends and family would be devastated and that they care but they can’t do anything to help. I can’t fathom the ida of going on like this. I’ve been told to hold on because “change” will come but it’s always change for the worse, not better. 

I’m in a horrible dark hole and I just wish I could magically wake up in a better life situation but I know that won’t happen and I just don’t have the every and resources to make that change happen for myself. If anyone want to talk please pm me I’m in a lot of emotional pain but until I can find a painless way to go i could really use someone to talk to 

Oh and btw yes I have a therapist and I’m on meds and yeah it doesn’t really make much difference. I’m still getting progressively worse. 