A life worthy of an executionBefore I begin, I should say that I've been either somewhat or heavily suicidal since 2006, so I can't put myself in a position where I can feel pure joy.

In my opinion, there are two people in the world: ones who contribute to the good of their families, friends, and ones who do nothing but leech off the benefits that they receive and cannot for the life of them give any contribution to society. I have to say that I’m without a doubt the worst leech I know, and I cannot step on any more earth that’s too honorable to me.

A little background information, if you will. I’m a high school student that just can’t find a place to stay. I fail in every type of social situation, whether it’s with a store clerk or my best friends. I’m starting to realize that they don’t really want me around. There was this one time where I had a friend over, and he was really awkward with me until another friend of mine and his came over, in which those two hit it up. Even if that’s the case, I can’t abandon them, since I’ve been friends with them for so long. Luckily for me, my method of sticking in a random crowd and not speaking keeps people from being worried about me. But it’s hard and extremely aggravating if people are acting to be your friends so they can just annoy the living shit out of you.

Even online, it’s no different. I’m too selfish to actually participate in group chats, and I’m too scared to even start private chats with my closest friends, since I know I’m bothering them in some shape or form. I also have this feeling about them that they’re just playing me around so they can snicker at me whenever I talk about my terrible life. I have a mind that’s too scattered for paying attention to one thing or chat.

Then there’s the big one: I can’t be good for anyone. I was raised to just be a socially normal child, so I have no talent in anything. Whenever I try to contribute to a hobby or some art, I get stuck and fail. Whenever someone needs advice or some cheering up, I don’t know what to do. I’m too dumb to make any intellectual, artistic, or inspiring contribution to the world. Everyone says it’s as easy as taking a first step, but my feet are stuck to the ground, and despite what everyone says, there is no way for me to lift them.

We all live in a world in which the successful and inspirational people are made through contribution. Therefore, the uncontributive must be disposed of. I really want to take matters into my own hands, save everyone from more of the gashes I split into people’s memories every day, and end my worthless life. The pain, guilt, and frustration inside of me have been bottled up for so long, and there’s only one real way to let it all out. I’m hoping Death doesn’t judge on reputations. That’s one thing I hate about this life.
