I dont know what to doHey..
Ill try to make this as short as i can. I came to Reddit because i have no one else to talk to. Sorry if its long, I've lost pretty much all my good friends and my best friend well..

So my ex and I were dating for 3 years. I loved her and im pretty sure she loved me for most of it. Im 19 now and she was the first girlfriend ive had. She couldnt count how many guys she had been with if she had four hands but I didnt care, I really liked her. My friends and pretty much everyone i knew judged her and myself when we started dating (back in senior year of high school right) but i didnt care. I usually would but to me she was more important than all of them. We were both jealous but she only had guy friends, but i didnt mind that, i trusted her. Over the course of 2 years we were seeing eachother all the time, i had stopped seeing all my other friends, stopped doing sports and working out, cancelled any plans so i could spend time with her. She also pretty much made me get rid of any girl Friend i would rarely talk to. But she would consistently go out with her guy friends (forgot to mention she gets REALLLLL close when shes a little tipsy)  At this point she wanted me to stop smoking marijuana. I believe she really just wanted to help me but she wasnt very supportive about it. She ended up seeing her ex (who is ironically a drug dealer) after i had tried a few times but ended up smoking and lying, which i shouldnt have lied,  and i didnt know what to do. Time passes, we end up getting back together and of course by this time our relationship isnt the same as it was the first months we met. She didnt like that although i was not the best boyfriend during this whole time, a lot of accumulation of little things (and big) that i totally understand was not cool.
My best friend and I start seeing each other more and my ex would throw small parties at her place and we'd all be there. They became really close (a lot more than i found appropriate ex.. she had sit on his lap like she would sit on me which i found really disturbing, and the worst part, I SAID NOTHING!) So i have family in the US that i hadnt seen in a while and i end up taking a week off to go visit them. I tell my 2 friends and they start talking about how theyre going to get together like that whole week and go to festivals and have fun (which she never really proposed to me). This kinda bothered me the way theyd talk about it but i said nothing and didnt think about it. The day before i leave my ex and i were both working and i asked her if she wanted to see me. She said she had plans, i ask her whats up she says shes going to drink with my best buddy. I find it a little weird how they hadnt said anything to me and i jokingly ask what time were leaving and she really sent off this vibe that she didnt want me coming but acted as if it was okay. We all drink have a good time, i leave the next day.
The first 2-1/2 days she didnt talk to me so i end up messaging her, blablabla shes seeing my buddy, theyre going to drink, ok. The next day i get a text from my buddy saying how they fell asleep together (only sleep) and how he feels really bad blablabla, i flip and dont talk to my ex for the rest of the trip (took her a while to even message me that day). I get back and simply put we end up getting together again,i pretty much dumped my best friend but she keeps talking to him... A few weeks pass and i check her phone while shes asleep and i find out she had been fucking sleeping with him while we were ''together'' and that first time too. I flip the fuck out, and long story short i end up sleeping with another girl in the span of a week. I regret everything. I knew that i still loved her and i could have said no but i didnt. And i hate myself everyday for that. Now shes seeing my buddy again and i feel like shes manipulating me with this messages bbut than she'll send me some video and expects a nice reply.. idk Im to a point where i wake up in the morning and dont want to get up. I dont want to do anything because i feel like its all useless. And when i say that i am 100% convinced that everything is useless and i dont know why im doing anything really.. if that makes sense ahah
I smoke more than ever now and i cant remember the last day ive gone sober. I hate waking up everyday, i have no real talents ambition or motivation to do anything and every day passes and im wondering why im still going.. But im scared of not knowing whats after death, only reason im still here (ive been suicidal long before ive met my ex). Now shes seeing my best bud again sending me snaps of them and ignoring my calls and really doesnt give a shit about me, which i understand.. i just dont know where im going after this.
Sorry if this was all over the place, i tried to summarize and i was onn the top of my head really.. i just dont know what to do.. please dont tell me its only my first girlfriend or anything, ive experienced some stuff as a kid and feeling the same feeling of being abandoned once again, i know its something i never want to feel again. At the start of everything i had told her about what happened and that i had trouble getting emotionally attached to someone and she in a sense forced the relationship.. But i was happy from than until recently... 