Tell me why i shouldn't kill myself?I  came to the USA for a girl. Things didn't work out, but that's okay.  She left me with a ton of debt, since we got married and then divorced.

4 years later, coming to today, my visa expires a week from now.

I  have no friends, no family, no family in my country also, no friends  there too, since i've been here so long, i have maxed out credit cards  because of my ex and i could never pay them off, bad credit score, i  have bi-polar depression and could never hold on a job for a long time -  it's why i could never pay off my credit cards and i'm to the point  where i have 100$ left.

I can't take anymore loans, because of bad credit score

I have nowhere to go back to

I can't find a job anymore,because my visa expires and getting a new one takes forever

I don't have friends,because i'm a-social and i work so much

I don't have family

The past 4 years all i did was work 70h/w and still wasn't enough to get me out of the hole

I have 100$ left

What are my options here? Get deported and go into my home country where i don't have friends,family or money?

Stay here and survive how with 100$?

I never took any government help, and now that i might need it i can't, because my visa expires?

I  have noone to call to and talk to....Why i shoulnd't kill myself and  stop being a burden for people? Why i shouldn't kill myself and stop  being so miserable wondering what to do next and what i did to deserve  this?

I always did the right thing and  tried to be fair to people and never asked for anything, just a simple  normal life....but because of my mental illness nobody wanted to deal  with me - "Why you look so happy one moment and so sad the next? Stop  being so sad or ill fire you!!!!" that happened way too often....I'm so  tired of life. Tired of working 70h/w and not being enough. Tired of  going to bed hungry, because i still have to pay for falling in love  with the wrong girl. Tired of never having anyone to talk to or a  shoulder to cry on. Tired of always feeling like i don't belong here.  Tired of explaining and proving to people that i pay more taxes than  they do and even if my passport doesn't say "American" i probably  do/help this country more than they ever did.....

Tell  me reddit, why i shouldn't kill myself? What do i have to life for? And  what can i do in this situation? Where do i go next with 100$ left and  no job and bills to pay?