I just need someone to listen to me and actually careThis is probable doesn't belong here, but I don't know where else to go. All right I'll just start where things started to get rough. It was summer of 2012. I saw my dad unpacking his policecar, later he sat my siblings and I down and told us he quit his job. He told us that we're had to move in with my grandpa. About a month later he got arrested for seeking military firearms. I had a game that day so I didn't focus that much on it. The following Monday I went to school I saw all the headlines about it. All of my teachers were giving me that "I feel so bad for that kid" kind of attitude. I was mortified all my friends knew. Over the next few months I developed an odd sleeping schedule i would wake up in the middle of the night and cry and wish for my old life. I thought things would cheer up for me when I finally got the girl I had been chasing for a while. But she didn't ever care about what I had to say. She would only talk about herself and I let her. She broke up with me a month later for my best friend. I just couldn't take goin to school and see them all over each other. We went skating for a school reward today. Being the uncoordinated person I am I fell a lot. I would get laughed at by my peers but most importantly my ex. So I thought I'd pick on them a little. But my new friend was with and she was getting upset that I was doing this. I should of known better she puts up with all my shit all the time. Riding the bus home was awful. This girl who use to go to my babysitter, also my grandma, was making fun of how she commuted suicide. She was telling her friends and me what a crazy bitch she was. I just couldn't keep it together from there my souls crush. Suicide thems like the best thing for me right now. It's not like my parents would notice they're always focused on my brother and sister and never me. They only pay attention to me when they want to be cool around their friends and make fun of me. I just want out of this nightmare.