Not very suicidal, but need some advice as it's been going downhill pretty fast lately.During high school, I was always the child my parents are proud of. Top tier in my class, sports freak, you name it.

It all started when I joined Engineering school. I was madly in love with this girl, and being into my first real relationship, my grades started to plummet, became less and less interested in sports and all. Basically, she was my everything then. Fast forward two years later, I found out she had cheated on me with multiple guys, including my ex-bestfriend who I dearly loved. That's blow 1 and 2.

I decided not to let this affect me. I worked hard at school, improved my grades and graduated with honor's. But I couldn't secure any job, while all my friends had already secured theirs for quite some time (all at remarkable companies).

I try to apply, and apply for 1 year, and eventually I got a job as a site electrician and a factory in my town. I said why not, let's just do it the hard way and climb the ladder starting with the first step. 

I had set a plan, and gone with it. A couple of months later, I managed to get another job offer from a better firm, mostly related to what I always wanted to do.

I switched trains and jumped into a new wagon, excited for what life is about to offer.
That's when my ex girlfriend bumps again into my life. And oh how I hated that moment. Being the vulnerable me, I fell for her again, and to my surprise (fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me. Well God damn it, shame on meeeee) she cheated on me again.

I was left heartbroken, weak, devastated. Only thing I was thinking of is that I want out. I am done. I wanted to leave everything behind and go live on the other corner of the planet.

I lost a couple of really close friends. I was alone, with no one to talk to, no one to explain my feelings to. No one to consult or ask for advice. My mom always felt I was sad. But I always have a fake smile, and tend to keep on showing it. I don't want anyone else to suffer with me, especially my mom.

And yet again, I decided to man up, and work harder than before.

I secured another job, far from home. I was bound to leave my homeland in about a month. I was really close to that girl (let's call her Daniella. Like a white dove that showed up and became really close to me. I felt like she was my savior. Like she was sent to help me through what I was through. We hung out daily. But I learned again, that she was leaving for another country, thousands of kilometers away from me. I was sad again (not the first person I try to be on the same wavelength with and leaves for a different country).

Now this is when it gets much more interesting. Said ex-bestfriend shows up. Apologizes multiple times to which I had already made up my mind: I am not mad at you, but you're just someone I can't be friends with anymore. But, he kept on messaging me, asking me to see him. Telling me he loves me, and regrets doing it all. I wanted to hug him back, that left me devastated. Knowing that my only best friend, the person I trusted the most, betrayed me, betrayed me hard.

A week before my scheduled flight (flying to a country around 2 hours away), I go out with Daniella. We go for late dinner, then drinks, then more drinks, a bit more. And we kiss. I felt something extreme. I felt like I was in love again. I thought I did not have feelings for her. I was torn apart. Why? why does this keep happening to me. I know people have worse things to deal with. But to each his own right?

She leaves. And I leave heartbroken. I try to forget about her to no avail. I try to date girls, to no avail. I go to see her a year later. We kiss again. I try to talk to her about it. She doesn't know. And then a couple of days ago, I asked her whether she's ever felt anything for me, or if she does at the moment. Just the slightest feeling for me. She tells me no, she tells me I am just a friend. She tells me she doesn't want anything to do with me. Again I am crushed. I wanted to cry soooo bad. I just manned up and swallowed my pride. 

And last thing I remember is she kissed me again. We kissed for some time. I literally don't understand how and why? Why is she doing this? It fuckin hurts. You either don't want me, or you want me. Can't be a mix of both for fuck's sake. I fuckin have a heart as well.

This is one side of the story. I am currently at a job that I don't really like. Although I've climbed up the ladder, gotten a muchhh better job, much better paying that 90% of my friends. But I feel empty. I feel sad. I don't have any close friends. Yet I have loads of acquaintances. But no close friends. My brother is the closest person to me. But I am afraid to speak to him. I have tried earlier. I am afraid to see my mom sad. 

I am sad. I dont know how to explain this feeling. My job isn't exactly where I want to be. My life isn't exactly what I had in mind. Yet really really far. That girl is playing me. Or not? no idea. Why can't I have it easy. I have sooo many other things on my mind. But Moslty I am afraid I would disappoint my parents. My brother. My sister.

Suicide always comes to my mind. I am afraid of doing it just because I don't wanna hurt anyone close to me. Especially my mom and my dad. I don't know what to do. I am lost. I need someone close to me. I need someone to care for me. I need someone! 