Constantly thinking about itI am not looking for responses. If the day comes, I will consider this a suicide note I guess. Let me start by saying that I...am a fucking disappointment. I am not good at anything, not even in school because currently I am failing Geometry so bad to the point where I will have to take summer school. I understand that other people have fucked up lives much harder than mine yet they are still living and they have my sympathies and respect. However, I still have suicidal thoughts everyday. They just come out of nowhere and I am addicted to these thoughts, I am not kidding since they are constantly on my mind. 

Sleeping is the best part of the day for me as it is similar to death. It is therapeutic to be honest. Why? Because it is one of those things that gets rid of my suicidal thoughts. You may be asking: "Why do you have thoughts of suicide?" I will give you my response, I feel like a burden to my mom. I currently have a 2.5 gpa and it makes me feel like shit especially since I am failing one class and that is geometry. Not only that, but I don't have a license, or a job but I am planning on doing that during the summer.

And I am being honest here, I am not trolling, I literally feel suicidal everyday. Hobbies can only do so much. I am ass at skateboarding and am barely consistent with kickflips, my drawings are shit, my best ones are mediocre. The thing is, I am trying to get my life back together. If you are reading this, I am not asking for anyone to feel sorry for me and if you do feel sorry for me, I will feel more like the fuck up I already am. I feel like a piece of shit pretty much everyday, I don't want to feel like diarrhea, ok? By the way, I don't talk about my feelings to anyone because it makes me a burden and being a burden to someone I am close to is the worst feeling in the world.

To end this, I have a question. When you have suicidal thoughts, what do you do to get rid of them? How do you live life when you constanly think about suicide?