I've always felt like it was a good idea, for everybody..Where to begin...

I don't know how to live anymore. I get up in the morning, work at a sandwich shop for a few hours, come home, fall asleep, have crazy dreams, wake up feeling numb, and go on the computer, and fall asleep late. The pattern in recurring. I can't seem to find talents worth offering to this world, and when I do, I lose interest rather quickly. Sometimes I'll go visit my friends, but I find it extremely hard to converse, even though they are very loving, I am nothing compared to them. I can hardly join in on conversations as they are all very humorous, intelligent and have been friends with each other for a long time. I can't be myself, in fact, I don't know who I am anymore?...

I've always had depression. I've always felt terrible about myself. No one could ever comfort me, or say the right things. I dropped out of high school at 17, got in very self destructing habits, attempted suicide several times...that was before. Now, I've left my boyfriend of 6 years, who was my support system, because I just couldn't put him through the terror of my life anymore. I moved away, and have been miserable since. I developed a drinking problem and started using drugs, as a means of escape. Now even they don't help me anymore...

I sit it bed, with a numbing pain in my head, thoughts racing a mile a minute. Thinking about everything I've ever possibly done wrong (which in my view are MANY). I'm not good with developing healthy relationships, and have began to isolate myself because I really just think I'd do everyone a favor. I can't really offer them anything...

I grew up with a loving family, and was always blessed. But I was always a mess, and I believe i'll always have that reputation. I just want to end this madness, this wanting something more but never achieving it. Always failing miserably. I know it would hurt my family so much, but even they expect it to happen, as they are worried I will kill myself. I feel like it would be a terrible thing to put them through, but ultimately they would know it would be for the better. I just want to stop this feeling sorry for myself, but I can't actually get myself to do anything about it. I don't even cry anymore, I don't think poor me, I just know that I'm going to die young...

That's why I think....it's a good idea to just fall asleep and never wake up again...

Sorry for the length..


tl;dr Soulless and bent on destruction 