Anybody who has managed to defeat/struggling with their hard depression? Please helpThis post won't really give you full detail of my situation but if there is anybody out there who would be willing to help in any way, i have made a long previous post before. And at this very moment i would really appreciate the help. **Now when i am writing this post, i still think that i want to live, there must be a way. There has to be.**

But to the point in the following paragraph.

I am really worried about myself now.. last night i was quite on the edge due to a double dosage of Mirtazapine (30mg) (prescribed by psychiatrist). I also take have been taking 100mg of Zoloft since 1st January (from 8th December to 1st Jan 50mg). And in case when i get very anxious during the day i take a couple of Xanax.
But back at it, after an hour or so, later on when i stood up from my bed, i started to feel really bad to the moment when i couldn't even stand up, i was sitting and feeling like i really have to get to the hospital right now, i was on the edge. Really felt like this was going to be it or some kind of that feeling. Thank god i had my mother to help. Thank god or some almighty power nothing more serious happened. Although i couldn't sleep even for a minute i think later on. I should be exhausted and tired but i am not, my fear and this depression has gotten the better of me, or something.

But the point of this writing is- i don't want to die. I don't want to. I want to live. I just have to. I need to find myself again really fast. Or something. I am in the deepest of dark holes that i couldn't even imagine to be in my scariest of nightmares, but i am here now. But after last night, i got so scared that i have to do something. I have to start living somehow. I can't really even go outside or do anything, i am just scared to show my face. Please, i don't know, if somebody can help. This post might be ridiculous and my previous posts might have been also negative but i think i really wish to get better now. But after all these bad thoughts for a while now, do i even deserve it? I mean, in the sense of law of attraction and all that kind of talk. It's going to be an uphill battle anyways, it can't and why should it be easy, but i feel like when i try to fight myself now, to get better, all the setbacks that i would face would eventually break me. But i have to get better somehow. For my family. I can't be selfish and kill myself or something. I am not brave enough to do it, to kill myself. This pain omg i can't even imagine. But this psychological pain is even worse, and has been. Damn i don't no. Sorry for swearing just a bit. But.. i have to choose the other way - to keep going, to survive, to be better. It is possible, it can be possible- right?.. I can't even sleep, i am completely screwed but as the saying goes when there's a will there's a way? I have to work on the will part though. Oh. I don't know if anybody will even read this. I haven't really found my way here for a while now (to this community). I have been doing absolutely nothing productive. Nothing. But i don't know, i am glad that i found some strength to get here and to start getting my shit together..
I wish i would be able to sleep, not to take all these antidepressants and other pills.
For a while now i have been like justifying myself that this is it i will end up living with my parents 'til the end of my days or be in the grave way earlier. But after last night i felt like i have to get better somehow. This is beyond ridiculous that i have just destroyed myself, my health, everything.

I haven't opened Facebook for a while now, i was so afraid to do it, to turn on my phone, but i did, all i see is friends and everybody living their lives, but i on the other hand just kept digging the hole deeper and deeper, isolating myself. I am afraid to contact with anybody beause i am afraid and ashamed to tell or say anything about myself because there is nothing to say, i have been just a piece of shit for these two months already, how long will it last? I had the help of my family and brothers since the start, but i was just fighting against all the help.  How can i forget the past or live with myself? I don't know :/ PM chat highly appreciated.
**But i must somehow right, death can not be the way, it just can't be, right?**