I want to kill myself tonight. I'm not trying to get attention?I have a big bottle of sleeping pills next to me. I have been eyeing them for the past hour. I feel like ending my life. 

At this point, at the age of 23, I feel like I have nothing to live for and nothing to offer. I'm not being melodramatic. Just read on. I have no friends, no girlfriend, no job, I have social anxiety, and I get overly emotional over stupid things. Because of my social ineptitude, I am condemned to a life of loneliness and a sense of uselessness.  

I also feel like I am a burden to my parents. As I mentioned, I have no job. I am 23 years old, and I have no job. They are supportive, however, sometimes they say things jokingly like, "If you need this or that, you should get a JOB!" Even though their articulation suggests that they are joking, I can tell that the real point they are inferring is that they want me to stop being a loser and get a job. Not too much to ask, after all, who want's to buy their 23 year old son underwear and deodorant when he should be buying those things on his own? BUT (and I sincerely mean this; I am not being lazy) my anxiety is so bad, that the thought of working and dealing with people makes me literally shake. I know, right? What a catch I am. If I don't kill myself, I feel like I am destined to be a loser leeching off the state for my entire life.\, something that would shame me. 

I also obviously I have nobody to express my feelings to, therefore every negative thing that pops into my mind I have to keep to myself, which makes me feel even worse than I already do about myself. I have talked with psychiatrists and they all basically say the same thing: here's some medication, here's a few tips on how to be more socially active, and come back to tell me how things are going in a few weeks. Nothing has helped. They also tell me not to kill myself. Ironically, they may very well be helping me out by giving me medication and the means to do it. 

So, as I started this off, I have a full bottle of pills on my desk -- zolpidem -- and I am ready to take the entire bottle. I don't know what to do, I have nobody to talk to, no friends, nothing. I need your guy's help. Maybe I am not as ready to kill myself as I thought seeing as I am here talking to you guys. But I am confused nonetheless. I am scared that something will send me over the edge. 

Please, give me advice, I don't know what to do. I'm depressed, anxious, and I feel incredibly low. I'm stupid, I can't maintain relationships, and do things most kids me age do with ease. Please.