I've been lying to everyone around me, again.I told all my friends that I was moving away to start a new career in a new place. I really did pick a place I thought I'd like to live but the rest was bullshit. I have no prospects, I just didn't want to fail in front of the people I love. I want to fail here where I'm nobody, where nobody will have to see what happens to me. 

I try to be productive everyday. Nobody wants me even in my field of expertise, let alone the creative path I tried to replace that career with. Turns out that the dream I had inside has no monetary value. Now that I've been gone from my career so long they won't take me back. Nobody wants me despite my skills. There's no work, and no permanent housing without work. In the morning I work on myself, my resumes, and put myself out there, trying to make contacts and apply for jobs and apartments. I know I will be met with silence but I get up and get out every single day.  By the time evening rolls around here I am with tears in my eyes but I can't even cry. I feel so defeated, so dead inside. I can't stop thinking that I don't want to suffer anymore. It scares me how often I consider murdering myself.

Even this post is ridiculous. Why bother typing all of this shit. I can't bring myself to reveal my weakness to those who know me. I'm the strong one.

I hate not being found useful. Boy that's it right there. I haven't been a part of anything good for a decade. There's nothing of me left. The people I meet accept me, I'm flirted with, and I have even made friends here already, but it doesn't help the reality of my situation. They are powerless to assist me and most importantly have no idea what's really going on inside me. I have the most convincing easy going demeanour. The lies are starting again. They never stopped.

When I'm alone, especially at night, my continual failure gets so overwhelming I can hardly breathe. I don't know what to do. I used to be the man, have the respect of my colleagues and the envy of my friends. Now it's only weakness. I can't go on feeling so vulnerable. Everything I was has been dismantled. The truth is I'm ruined. I'm afraid I just can't bear any more rejection. I'm just plain useless and it hurts so fucking bad.