I literally can not take this pain anymore, this modern and weird world we live in... Depression is too much and It feels like constant tidal waves that come crashing every now and again. Just when you think the storm has settled, another huge storm is looming in the distance......Been in therapy, I don't need a fucking therapist to tell me I'm fucked up. I have been trying, fucking really trying. Broke down again in the shower, but I have been doing all the 'right things' like socialising, eating healthy, getting out more, abstaining from alcohol at parties, being open and honest about my feelings, taking my meds, listening to positive music/podcasts and filling my mind with hopeful/positive messages. Fuck it all honestly, its all fucking bullshit. I'm sick of talking about triggers and safety plans and maybe trying a bit of self care to make myself feel better. I hate being sensitive and fragile and weak. I wish I was never born, I don't contribute anything to anyone in this world anyway -- i'm stupid, like I am actually stupid and useless.

&amp;#x200B;

 I wish I could be open and just be true about my deepest feelings but everything is so surface level with everyone. I hate this weird, modern society where everything feels so completely engineered, edited and un-organic. From social media, to texts to selfies to snapchat. I don't even know how to stop feeling this way. Like I am on the the cusp of exploding and boiling over while also feeling so brittle and tired. I understand why Plath did it, I understand why Williams and Cobain did it. They had enough of the pain and exhaustion and just needed to feel peace finally. Suicide is so hard though, I already tried like 4 months ago via attempted overdose, under weight, sleeping for days at a time and then ended up in a psych ward at 20 years old, a  really attractive look for a young female. 

&amp;#x200B;

I feel everything so deeply, like everything is this rich emotional experience where I actually feel emotions like elements or something. Okay, now I do sound crazy but I hate the way I view and think about the world in a 'deep' way...this artistic temperament is not a gift its a fucking curse, its useless. Everything thinks I'm "so nice and kind" that is all I have to offer. No one ever reaches out, ever. I'm no one's anything, and time just feels weird and distorted. I sound like such a whiny emo teen, lmao I am such a Becky holy shit. Anyway random rant after crying like a fucking maniac done. 