I'm just here like everyone else?The title is awkward because this is awkward! I've never read this subreddit, although I learned of its existence months ago. I'm writing this off the top of my head, what ever comes to my mind has been typed. Pardon grammatical errors ramblings and all the rest.

Here I am though, sitting alone making an I want to kill myself post on a forum I've never read, opening up to people I've never met and will never see; and I'm telling them things that I've failed to communicate to my closest friends and family. What am I even doing...

Ill start with an introduction:

I am a 21 year old college sophmoreish, I started at the university late because I went through 3 years at a local community college before I felt, and my grades felt, that I was ready. I've never been proactive about my education. I worked hard though, have earned an associates degree and am now attending the school, I guess you could say, of my dreams. I'm dating a girl, kind of. She's 4 years younger then I, 18 years old, which has produced demons.  I'll talk more about our relationship later on. 

I fit myself in with the probably the largest demographic in the United States, or maybe even the world: the middle class white male. I feel trapped, doomed even, to lead a mediocre life and do mediocre things for the rest of life... never truly accomplish or do anything great or amazing.  I wouldn't say I grew up privileged... but I grew up privileged, comparatively speaking. I always got what I wanted for Christmas, have always had a warm bed a hot meal I'm attending the University on their dime... not bad eh? 

So I have a girlfriend, I just recently moved onto a large, vibrant University campus. What could be causing me to feel this way? I've moved on campus and thought everything would start going my way, a 180 degree turn around, a new me. I've moved and realized I not only hate myself, but I hate my peers. I hate the way people dress, I hate the way people walk and talk I hate the smirks, grins and looks people give others as they walk by. Everyone seems to be in their own bubble. Perhaps I have not fully experienced the campus vibe and need to give it more of a chance, but my first impression is "what am I even doing here." I haven't made any new friends and have found it increasingly difficult to talk to and actually befriend someone. Whats worse I feel ignored by my friends on campus whom I knew before hand. Maybe I'm blowing everything out of proportion.
This girl I'm involved with currently has been another source of stress. I'm crazy about her, she makes me happy, which is good enough for the time being. But I have found myself obsessing about her age, ping-ponging between thinking she way too young and thinking that I'm doing something wrong by spending time and being intimate with her. Our physical relationship has been constricted to kissing and feelskies. I find her easy to talk to, fun to be around, mature for her age intelligent she seems to be exactly what I want in my girl. I just can not help coming back to, and worrying about her age, and if I'm making a big fucking mistake by simply being her boyfriend and being all that that entails. 

I can't help but ask myself why my feelings of self-detestion have become so much more intense and real these past months. Hating yourself is a strange and truly unnatural emotion.

Anyway, why I'm here. I want to die.. straight up. I've thought about suicide or thought of a way I could kill myself almost daily since, the sixth grade. I've never though myself capable of carrying out the action, but it has never stopped me from sitting and obsessing over the fact that I could take my life and I have convinced myself and truly believe that is what I want to do.

It has only been recently that these feelings have intensified, they've become more real. I cannot get behind the wheel of a car without thinking and wanting to veer into an oncoming tractor trailer, I imagine and day dream about holding a gun to my head and pulling the trigger, I see the bullet exit the back of my skull and see the red spray. I nit pick and antagonize myself about every word I say to other people and I over-analyze my day to day interactions with people, from peers to professors. 

I'm in serious danger of writing a book here so I'm going to try and wrap this up. 

I don't know who reads these, why you read them, why I'm making the thread what the fuck I even just wrote or what type of response it will receive. I felt the need to tell someone or something and this seemed the safest place I could think of.

Thanks in advance for your responses and for taking the time to read.

tl;dr: drugs