so here it isI'm 25. I'm also transgender (mtf). I've been abused my whole life and have little else going on, and I often tried killing myself or drinking and so forth... I was very miserable constantly. I met someone. He was also abusive, and brought out my horrible tendencies. He literally drove me insane. He hid me away, physically beat me, tormented me mentally and physically, and in doing so, i always wanted to be enough. I wanted to get out of that hole with him, because I loved him, and as long as we had love for each other, it could be survived, and there was a future, which is something I never considered or thought of having. He left me recently, I think to go back to his ex. I'm unsure. He's ignored my texts for weeks, at first barely responding (he's on a work trip) to not responding at all. But he never blocked my number. I began calling him late at night and he'd promise to talk to me. That talk never came. I am anxious. My life is falling apart. I lost my job because I was too depressed and couldn't get out of bed, I have a useless (expensive, too) degree in something I can't get a job in, I'm still financially dependent on my stressed single mother, I have a cat I can't give proper attention to because I'm falling apart, I can't be attentive to my friends, or anything. I haven't left bed in weeks. I don't see the point in continuing, and that feeling has returned to me that I had when I was massively depressed. I am already on anti depressants. nothing is improving. I just want him back. There are so many vestiges of him in my home, just haunting me. I can't look around my apartment without being reminded of him or something. I can't enjoy anything. I can't look at things. It takes about 10 mins for my thoughts to wander and the pain to start again. I've called him hundreds of times. I've texted him begging for help thousands of times. He will not help me even though he's the only one who can. i only think about killing myself now and the apologies i'll have to give. i don't know what to do besides that. I don't see it getting better. I don't see myself getting better because I never did, except for when I had him and his abuse, ironically. Am I that broken and used up? I fucked up and sent him a video of me self harming too. He had his ex follow me on instagram and posted stuff with him in it, and she messaged me. I'm being taunted too. I feel very backed into a corner. Like this is it. Does it get better? How can it stop? Is it the end? I feel like it's coming and I always knew it would. Even if i get held for a psych eval or other shit i still feel like i'll just get out and do it (i've gotten out of hospitalization and tried to kill myself literally 2 hours after lmao)

i don't enjoy my hobbies. I'm worrying my friends. I am fixated. I am obsessed. I am hurt. I just want to hurt myself. I'm not even worthy of love anymore, so what use is there for me? What am I even doing right now posting this? 