Suicidal, Regret and Friends who dont careIts been a few minutes since I last messaged my friend in a long running argument that started last month. Over my current state of mine I've had since August, so I'll give a brief history on my situation

So I'm currently 16, I lost my mother to cervical cancer back in 2012 when I was 9. I feel as if anything before 2012 was a lifetime ago and although its been only 8 years, to me it feels like a century. I dont even remember what she sounds like anymore and the only memories I have of her is few picture frames around the house and a note I wrote to her while she was sick in hospital. As a result of my mother getting sick in late 2009. In 2012 my dad finally quit his job of being a police officer due to relentless bullying he endured at the hands of other officers in his work

After my mother died I started to act out, getting into fights in school, and as of 2016 I have rarely been to school because I was attacked by a kid in my class who almost killed me by punching me numerous times in the back of the head, he was way bigger than me and was a year older than me.

My mental health issues have always been apart of my life, ADHD, Borderline Autism, Depression and Anxiety. Those are the disorders and illness's I've been diagnosed with but I'm almost certain that they have manifested into other mental illness's and disorders over the years. Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, Boderline Personality Disorder, And I'm certain my depression is manic, so I could be bipolar. Also I'm not trying to fake any illness's or disorders as I have not been diagnosed with anything else yet but I'm seeing a psychiatrist soon so maybe I can find out a little more. But the reason I suggest I maybe suffering from these un-diagnosed disorders is because I match the symptoms of each disorder almost to a tee. And the behaviour I exhibit is quite similar to those with Bipolar, BPD, and OCD. And also because I have never been medicated its possible that my diagnosed mental illness's and disorders have manifested and morphed into other mental illness's and disorders.

Now that I''ve explained all that. I'm going to need to give some context for this next part which is where my current situation is right now and the reason I am posting on this Subreddit

So back in August I became depressed after what I can describe as a manic high. From around February 2019 to August 2019 I was doing all sorts of stupid shit that I'm embarrassed of and I feel a great amount of regret, guilt and shame over my actions. Around the same time my grandfather died and that only fuelled my manic episode. I remember hearing the news that he had a stroke and he wasn't going to live and almost felt like smiling, I had a mix of glee and sadness. And I love my grandfather. He was a good person and I have no reason to laugh, smile o even feel happy about his death and I feel like a sicko for even considering it.  I think a few times I did smile about it only to correct my behaviour a few seconds later. Like I knew it was bad and I was sad but in my head it was like I had to resist to urge to laugh at it and I feel horrible for it. I wont go into anything else out of fear of getting judged and also because I dont approve of anything I did. And also because this is my main account so I dont want to say anything I'll regret. I have had manic episodes like this before but they lasted only a few days and luckily I didn't do anything too crazy. But this was first time after coming down into a depressive state that I actually felt so much regret and guilt over. I remember it hit me like a truck. One minute I was fine. The next I wanted to kill myself and I felt like a horrible person, felt extremely sad and didnt move off my bed for about 4 days. Only got up to take a piss or get a drink of water and that was it. Shortly after my OCD kicked up. Now I've suffered from OCD before as far back as 2014. It started with washing hands an excessive amount of times and intrusive thoughts. Like sometimes my dad would leave to do shopping. And after 15 minutes of him being gone I would have panic attacks. I would think he was involved in a car accident, or he got robbed. And sometimes I would think he was going to abandon me. 

So while dealing with this depressive mode I'm struggling with constant panic attacks (sometimes daily), self loathing, and suicidal thoughts. Suicide makes me feel happy, I guess its because I know when shit does it the fan all it takes is one neck snap from a rope and it will all be over. But it also scares me because I still have hope that I may be able to find peace in my life. I often tire myself out because my mind is constantly in a never-ending conflict with itself. Its like a civil war with my own mind that I feel will only end when I finally have big enough balls to hang myself. I have already thought about how and when I'm going to do it which I will explain in a bit. The only thing stopping me is the fact that I'm not gain enough to follow through with it, at least not yet but I'm slowly having the courage to pull it off. If you asked me if I would kill myself a few years back I would probably say no. But now I really dont know. I keep trying to tell myself that I can go back to being who I was a few back, care-free. Never had to struggle with these issues. But no matter what I do I'm still being tormented by everything around me. Every time I see someone with a good life I hate them. I hate them because I'm jealous that they can be so care-free. And if they do struggle with their own issues they sure do a good job at hiding it. My old friends are out being social with their friends. And they rarely talk to me anymore . I know I come up in conversation a lot. Whenever I did go to school all of my friends would make fun of me for always being absent and people would assume I'm some lazy kid who doesnt attend school because he's too lazy and pathetic to make the effort. My dad always says "You're the only kid I know who has so many issues" He thinks that the way I am is a choice and he keeps suggesting that I be put on medication. Which every time I get a prescription for medication I dont take it because I dont feel it will ever change me. Because medication doesnt fix the problem. It only delays it. Medication wont make all my fucking issues go away. You dont just wake up one day and take your daily meds and all your problems go away. Medication fix's emotions, not problems. Plus the medication I would need to take just for it to take effect would be so much that I'll just be a mindless zombie. I used to take medication when I was 10 but all it did was mellow me out, as if I just smoked a fat fucking joint and I was high. I'm getting side tracked sorry let me continue 

All my life I've had friends. Over the years they have dropped off and I'm down to 2 more friends that I would consider close and they arent even that. We used to constantly fuck around with each-other and now we've built a relationship that is only alive today because we can make each other laugh. We constantly argue and after that argument I had with one of my friends earlier I've realised just how alone I truly am. 

I've been giving it some thought over the past few days and now I feel as if I might do this. On Christmas eve this year I get my P1 License (Here in Australia that means you can drive a car without any supervision). I was planning on driving to the outskirts of town and hanging myself on a tree around 12 to 4 the in morning on Christmas day. I already know the location and I'm gonna feel bad for the poor son of a bitch whos gonna wake up on Christmas, and find me there. 

I've been trying to tell my friend about my suicidal thoughts and I decided to ask him about his thoughts on suicide last month while playing an online game with him. He thought I was joking and proceeded to mock the question. I decided to take the question a little bit further and asked him what he would think if I killed myself. He said he would be down to help but at the end of the day its not his problem and he doesnt really have to care about it. and that if I do it thats kinda sad/pathetic. I kinda just sat there staying silent for about a minute. He said something about the game and then said "Hey, Jesse. You gonna kill yourself?" In a mocking tone of voice that made me feel stupid and embarrassed for even asking. This lead to me taking back what I said and saying I was joking just so we could stop the conversation. I've been slowly talking about my problems and this fucking asshole just doesnt care. Just before I started typing this and he starting making fun of me on Instagram I asked him "Serious question I want a yes or no, do you care about me?". Fucking cunt just said straight up that he doesnt give a fuck and that shit almost made me tear up when I saw it. Friend I've known for almost 4 years just straight out said he doesnt care. He kept spamming the 'cool' emoji and it got the point I was begging him to please take this serious. "Im your friend, not your fucking therapist". "I'm here to  laugh and fuck around, dont drown me in your misery a swell" are just some of the things this fuckhead said to me. I asked one more time to please be honest an answer me. He said he was going to bed and just left me there.

So thats it, my best fucking friend I've known for 4 years just decided to leave me and now I feel more alone then ever. And I dont want anyone to give me a tissue and tell me things will get better because they fucking wont. I cant just sit here and wait for change. So I dont expect change. Deep down I've accepted that Im destined to kill myself its just a matter of when. I told my dad about this in a fit of rage a while ago and he doesnt understand. He thinks that medication and therapy will help but Im so far gone I'm on a different plane of existence. Im sorry but I cant fucking take anything anymore. And its only a matter of time before I either hurt myself. Im just another fucking statistic and with all this hate and anger I keep all bottled up. People just expect me to suffer silently while everyone lives their happy lives while people like me fall into obscurity. In a few hours after this post and you would've already forgotten about me. I spilled my heart out on this and this wont even be seen by anyone.