Battling suicidal depression thoughtsI'm so lost. I have people to talk to but since they know me, they don't understand my true inner feelings. My grandmother was my EVERYTHING. SHE LOVED AND CARED FOR ME MORE THAN MY OWN PARENTS. I was a good granddaughter , but I felt like I could of it did more. Spent more time with her, forced her to go to better docs. But I failed her.. And she died last year May from cancer that no one knew about... I wasn't even with her with she died and it hurt for awhile. I learn to accept that it was probably better that I wasn't there, because I would be worst off. But what bothers me, is that she couldn't live longer, the suffering that she went thru that no one knew of, and my naiveness not to have known, and if I would of known, I would spent every second with her. She died thinking my dad n I prolly didn't care... She used to call me 30 times a day, I would only answer 5-6 times. Those were the times when I was suffering from my own issues. I couldn't bear to talk to her when I was messed up, I didn't wanna put more pressure on her plate.. But it hurts so much now because she always knew the right words to say, and this lady was ALWAYS there for me. We would talk for hours on the phone. I was the closest person to her. She trusted me more than my dad. We had a bond that no one can break. Yea we had our ups n downs, but I swear if I would of known about he cancer, I would of gave my organ just to show her that I appreciate her and needed her. Even tho I was 24 when she died, I still needed her wisdom and honesty. I feel like I have failed her and I'm still failing her. I'm a loser, I have nothing to look forward to but waking up everyday. I'm poor, I don't have a job, no food and it hurts.. Bcuz I know I should be doing way better than this. I was suppose to do good in life and care for my grandmother. I couldn't even take her to Hawaii, which was a place we always wanted to visit and have a luaa. She always have been so proud of me even in my failure moments. Now Ima nobody, my dad in jail.. The only person I have besides God is my bf, whom I live with. If it wasn't for him, I would be homeless and in a shelter. There's times were I think of my dreams that I had to become a celebrity and look where I'm at now, sometimes I imagined b being like this forever, and I can't live with it. I have had many suicidal thoughts. I want to try to contact the dead to speak with my grandmother, that would be one part of me fixed. Then I have 98 more to go. Growing up the only family I had was my grandmother, uncle , and dad who was in jail. My uncle died 5yrs ago, it bothered me, it took me like 2weeks before I return to work. Then my grandmother died last year. I feel like I can never get over it. Not get over it but be more comfortable with it. There's sometimes where I will be comfortable and not really think of it. But then it's those times when I'm by myself or at a client house, and thinking of the places I would be when she would call me and talk to me until I was in the house. My grandmother was my best friend. I miss her so much. I was so stupid to not know that she was my best friend until it was all over. If I can just see her or talk to her, there is so many times where I thought about killing myself just so I can see her again. But I know she would hate me for that being that she was a reverend and a prophetist. She used to stop ppl in the street and have a 1hr convo with them telling them things about their life that she wasn't suppose to know. She hated to be called a psychic. She was a prophetist. And there will never be another her. Sometimes I get angry at God for taking her at the age of 73, when other ppl live to 80 and 90 and even 100+. But then I think about other ppl around the world that lost little kids. I feel a little better writing my thoughts on here. I know it's not over, but for the moment it's a relief. Thanks 2 all..