Venting. No need to respond. I just need to not feel so alone m.Tonight I was supposed to have a nice evening with my partner. We made dinner together and margaritas. It was nice. I’m a lonely person and she’s really the only person I have in the city I live in (Denver). The older and more depressed and anxious I get, the harder it is for me to form new relationships. I don’t have the capacity. My ex GF called me on Friday morning (1 AM) to tell me she had almost just jumped off the Golden Gate Bridge. I wasn’t super sure how to handle the situation but I did my best and talked her down, saying I’d check in that day. I also VMed my partner for advice but I omitted the part about it being my ex. This evening things were going well until my ex FaceTimed me. I had promised I would pick up her calls so I did. She was trying to kill herself again so I told her to give me her insurance info and I started making calls to Oakland based inpatient crisis centers.  I did this for 20 minutes or so and found someplace for her to go. The place I found asked me for her name so I gave it. Then I called her back and told her to pack a bag, asked if she wanted me to order her a lyft and told her I’d check in to see her progress in 30 minutes. When I hung up I went into my partners room and she flipped out on me. She called me a liar, told me I made her look dumb. Told me she wasted money and time on me and the evening. She threw things at me until I left. I walked home and tried to reach out to her. She drove by and dropped all of my things from her apartment outside my building and left, texting me to let me know. It seems done. I am scared. I am resentful. I am tired. I am triggered (I too spent a week in an inpatient facility August of 2019 and my mental health is always shit). I am confused. I didn’t set out to hurt her. My omission was perhaps subconsciously intentional but my no means meant to be malicious or conniving.  I’ve apologized. I’ve listened. I reimbursed her via Venmo. 

I’m afraid to lose the only person that makes me happy. The only good thing in my life. I have just started a nursing program and it stresses me out. Now I feel like without support I will fail and like there is no point anymore anyway. I have suicidal ideation and anxiety all the time. My partner kept me as grounded as I can be (something she doesn’t know because I don’t like to burden people with my shit and I don’t want our relationship to feel toxic and co-dependent to her). I feel petty for wanting to end it all over this but I know I can’t make it on my own. But I will be on my own. I feel guilty for resenting helping my ex. I just feel like I hate and have always hated my life and myself. That I always fuck things up.  I suck. There is nobody left to really miss me outside of my parents but even they’d be better off not having to support me. Which feels contrived to write...but also feels real.

 I cut myself tonight which only made me feel worse. I’m tired. I’m tired. I’m tired. I’m alone.