I'm giving up...A little about me: I'm 25 year old guy, I like men and I'm not out to many people about it. What I'm about to explain in the post below involves a guy and goes on for a period of 5 years of which three are the most difficult. I'll be summing up some stuff to keep it shorter to read.

Backstory:

Five years ago I met a guy on pof.com. Out of the hundreds of men that have messaged me he was on the only I ever trusted enough to meet. At the time we could chat for 5+ hours a day almost nonstop just about random shit... it was great. I even have some of our conversation saved from 4 years ago. It shows how much I have progressed from doing nothing to trying my hardest to doing something with my life, and he helped me in so many ways to achieve that. I fell in love with him like no other.

Eventually I got my own car so I could see him more often, but that's where things started going downhill. He would let me see him once or twice a month at most... there was always a "no", or "I'm busy". And Fridays and weekends? Forget it, no matter how much I begged. He's with his friends or something. Holidays and birthdays are off the list too. Trying to spend time with him was like trying to schedule a meeting with the president. But despite that I still loved him and was 100% committed.

At this point I was becoming more and more depressed as the weeks went by. I started binge eating junk food, watching porn almost nonstop and cut multiple times. I felt alone and unloved all the time. He told me multiple times, "I'll see you more often". But it was never true, it was just words and those words gave me hope that ended up just hurting me more. I had to beg to see him and sometimes give him a reason as if I were making a doctors appointment.

Because of this alone I gained about 16LB of pure fat from eating out of depression which made me about 152LB total. He didn't take that to well... he said I was "puffy" or "pudgy", "fat faced" or whatever you want to call it. This went on for a while and any self confidence I had of myself was lost. From then on every time I looked in the mirror I just wanted to go die because I felt I was too ugly for anyone. I did start to workout and have lost some of the weight and was beginning to get some nice definition (and still am) but it wasn't enough for him. He wanted a "hot guy with perfect body".. AKA: Hollywood man. Wouldn't it be nice if we could all have the perfect body?...Yeah, that's not possible.

Moving forward a little bit:

There are times where he is super sweet and loving, but there are also times when he is really mean to me. There were words said to me that no friend or BF/GF should ever hear. Such as "fuck you", "little bitch", "I'd cheat on you". I'll be honest though, there are times he's hurt me so bad I said fuck you. I did apologize though.

I tried talking to him about this stuff, and yes he's tried to help me better myself. But he didn't attempt to fix the root cause of the problem which started all this in the first place: putting me in very last. I went from "just okay" to "please kill me now", and was in fact very close to doing it a few times. The only thing that stopped me is the single shred of hope that things would change with him. And honestly before even writing this post I was considering it again.

If I ever brought up suicide with him he would call me "manipulative", "fucking psycho", etc because he thinks it's some sort of thing I'm trying so he will see me. When really it's what I'm thinking about and just want to know everything will be okay but instead I end up just hurting myself to forget about everything. 

I was ALWAYS there for him when no one else was... I bought him food with my last dollars, gave him rides when he needed it, spent hundreds on him.. again using my last dollars to make him happy.... And after that he tells me "your broke". And know what, that is part of the reason he don't want to be with me. I'm not complaining, I'm just hurt that he would say that. I felt used.

I still do love him and I still do hope he comes to his senses. I'm not ready to see other people, not sure if I ever will be. Everyday is nothing but depression or binge watching TV shows so I can forget about whats happened. Although there is always something in a show that reminds me of him. When I go to sleep I always dream of him, multiples nights in a row, sometimes multiple times in the same night. It's always a dream where I'm trying so hard to see him. I wake up depressed and sometimes crying over it and tonight is one of those nights. I often feel like "whats the point of my life?".

Is it too hard to ask that he treat me like a normal human and not some trash? and that I don't sit in my bed and cry every single day?

I'm just going to end the post here. I could go on way longer, but this is too hard for me.