Had issues with mental health since i can remember, attempted when i was 8 and i still can't seem to get over my problems.Sorry if all this seems like is a long winge:

As long as i can remember i've always struggled with how i felt mentally, i have always had bad problems with anxiety, having panic attacks over minor things but i didn't know how to explain it so i just told my mum i was scared and she just told me to not worry about it as there was nothing for me to be scared of. Can't remember quite why i did it as everything around that part of my life feels hazy and alien, but i tried to hang myself off my bunk bed when i was 8 until my mum came in and found me. She was trying to get me to go to a hospital but i begged her no because i didn't want to have to do all of that, and the rest of my family finding out as that would only make the situation worse, and i didn't understand at the time how much i needed it. 

After this i just tried to forget about that whole situation and move on, even though i still had all of these problems  I went through all of primary school just distracting myself and playing video games, and i felt a lot better, but i would always think to myself how weird my point of view of life would seem to me. I get to secondary school, and these problems worsen as i'm trying my best to fit in (average new school problems) and i started to get bullied. A year later these problems worsen, as i started to feel happy with my new hobbies and i surrounded myself with people i enjoy, but i get bullied a lot worse at school. Everyone thought i was gay (even though i'm straight), i didn't even try and speak to anyone, i tried to keep out of peoples way as much as possible but i still had endless amounts of people taking the piss out of me, spreading rumours, tripping me up etc multiple times a day. Lots of days i had people coming after me trying to beat the shit out of me (i live in a very homophobic area) but i stood my ground and they were never successful.

This bullying carried on every single day for a bit more than another year, and during this time the deciding factor on wether my day was ok was if i had a low or high amount of times that people would try to ridicule me. My school knew about it, but didn't even do anything, and two teachers even joined in on the name calling as it was apparently a joke. After this period of time was over, the quality of my life improved greatly. I turned into the 'popular kid' at school. I started working out, trying harder in my academics, made new friends with stuff to do. (coincidentally the same time i started smoking weed, drinking,popping xanax, etc). I was starting to enjoy my life more, but i still had these problems that i've always had at the back of my mind, but i'm doing my best to ignore them. Shortly after this i did two tabs of acid when i was thirteen (yes i know this was retarded and completely the wrong decision now lol) Surprisingly this went well, i had a great experience, even though my parents came home halfway through me peaking. My life has carried on like this ever since, except i've matured as a person, gotten a lot bigger, focus more on school and cut down drug use to just drinking, smoking weed, and mdma every three months.

My life is supposedly on the up, as i've managed to hold everything down and better myself as a person, but i still don't feel any happier as i did two years ago. I still cry twice a week, completely break down in school, use drugs to distract myself from my own reality, and i can't form connections with people. I hurt a lot of people's feelings because i don't love anyone, my sister went to uni for months, i never missed her whatsoever, i've lost my bestfriend who i've had my whole life, and i feel exactly the same without them. I use girls to distract me, without developing any feelings for them.

I want to get some help as anyone in my social standing with all the chances and opportunities i have in my future would currently feel happy, but i don't. I also need to come to terms with what happened when i was younger. In the past few months, my mental wellbeing has declined, my mood getting very low, people around me notice, but they assume i feel unwell. Recently everything seems hazy like i'm watching through a screen, and i don't even remember what i did yesterday (I'm thinking this could be late after effects of my acid trip?) I would go to get help, and there are free places to go for it in my city but everyone i can find who went to these places tells me they are horrible and don't help the problem whatsoever. I would go to see someone like a paid psychiatrist, but i do not have the money and i don't want to ask my mother as i have before and she said to go to these free places, and i don't want to tell her also until i am sure of where i want to go as she worries too much, this just hurts her so i convinced her before that i feel okay. She travelled very far from the bottom and worked very hard to get where she is, which is part of the reason i haven't made a second attempt because it would hurt her way too much. (I'm not the only child i have 5 siblings but my point remains)

I know that i'm only 15 and  my situation will improve and i will succeed in life, but i don't think my mental health will no matter how well i do. Thankyou so much for listening, i greatly appreciate it as i needed to rant to someone.