Why the fuck do I have to stay alive and why the fuck do I need to be perfect for anyone to actually fucking treat me like a human being?I can’t handle this shit. I got told by my best friend of three years that if I killed myself it wouldn’t matter at all. They said they were mocking me because I called them apathetic and said they didn’t care. They get mad at me for calling them out, saying I’m the bad guy and shit. It hurts it’s fucking really painful. I don’t get it. And now my stepmom left me and my dad. So now I’m at my limit with my abandonment issues breaking me. I’m gonna fail my freshman year of high school. I’m stupid. I can’t get ahead. There’s days when I can’t even fucking move off the couch except to piss and go to fucking football practice when I’m off from school. I’m worthless. I need to erase my mental illness and act like a normal person to be treated like a goddamn person. I can’t. I can’t do my school work because I’m too goddamn depressed to move and do anything except the Fucking bare necessities. If I fail then I’ll never go to college, and then it’ll be fucking McDonald’s minimum wage for the next 60 fucking years cause I’m a worthless fucking bum who deserves to fucking die. In the past three years since my parents divorce I’ve tried to kill myself twice and I’ve cut myself 8 times. I want to just swallow a bottle of roach poison and curl up and fucking die. Nobody wants me here, and I’m just fucking worthless. I’m gonna fucking fail everything. I’m failing at everything. I’m already fucking worthless. I’m nothing. I’m already about to fail my fucking Algebra 1 class because I can’t do any of the fucking work bc of my lack of ability to fucking exist and function as a normal fucking person. AP world studies is about to fucking kill me too. My best friends are in there. They think I’m stupid they have to. They know I’m a retard. They know I’m worthless. They make fun of me behind my back. They have to. Why else would they abandon me. I need to be smart. I need to be emotionless. I need to be free of my mental illness. I need to have a 4.0+ GPA. I need all of that to be treated as a human being. My dads about to fucking drink himself to death because my stepmom left. It’s my fault. It’s always my fault. My existence causes nothing but pain. My existence is a mistake I don’t deserve to fucking live. I’m nothing but a waste of fucking space on this doomed planet. Im nothing. I’m not even human. I’m sub-human. I’m worthless. I don’t deserve to exist. I don’t belong. It’s all my fault. I’m trapped. My emotions are invalid. I’m invalid. I don’t deserve to fucking exist anymore. I’m just horrible. I’m reprehensible. My friends get mad at me. My emotions shouldn’t exist. I should just bottle them up until I break the fuck down and try to kill myself again since they don’t fucking matter. There’s nothing in this world for me. Everyone hates me. Everyone on this planet wants me dead. Everyone dislikes me. My friends get mad at me for existing. My life is split. I can’t. I can’t Fucking keep going. I’m about to fuck up the entire rest of my life! I’m nothing. I don’t belong. I don’t deserve to exist. I’m not real. I don’t belong. I’m horrible. I don’t fucking belong. I don’t fucking deserve to exist. Everyone in my life leaves me. Everyone abandons me. I ruin everything in my own life. Every bad thing in my life that’s ever happened or will happen to me in my life is my fault. I’m going to take my life. I’m gonna end it all. I have to. That way the world will be a little happier. My friends will be. My family will. I’m not wanted here. I’m nothing. I’m sorry. I ranted. I ranted. That’s a bad thing. I pissed off every single one of the people here who read this post by existing and then writing this pissed them off more. There’s nothing for me. I’m sorry I’m sorry I exist. I’m sorry I live. I’m sorry I’m mentally ill. I’m sorry I’m broken. I can’t believe it. I’m only 14 and I’m gonna kill myself. What a fucking loser.