I've been told that im a drag for my family. There's something wrong with my brain so i dont deserve to liveHello. So today i had a talk with my mom about me not getting any info of what happens in the family and me always being the one who doesnt know jack shit.. Anyway while this seems like a stupid problem she told me that why would everyone tell me anything if my response is "ok" or "good". In my entire life i didnt love anyone or made a connection with anyone. I can't express my feelings so whenever someone tells me anything idk what to say so i just say ok or good. I never cared about anyone or anything because why would i? It seems logic to me since i was witness to domestic violence as a kid and then as a teenager to see the people close to me not really caring (of courde everyone would say they care but i always saw them not including me in anything literally anything... If they would decide to include me it would be out of pity i guess or to feel good about themselves that they helped me). I never had fun in doing social activities.. There's something wrong with my head, i dont know why am i like this unable to do what other people do.. Its been around 6 years since my mom was screaming at me every day for every little thing(but hey screaming is better than slapped across the head as it happened when i was younger) and now when i ask her why she doesnt scream or lose her fucking mind with my siblings or anyone else she says "because its about the way you are, i hate it" and i dont understand, why everyone pushed me off in my life, what did i do wrong? Does it hurt normal people when i told them i dont really care about anything? For me is not a rude thing, thats how i was all my life, i dont understand.. It would be easier for everyone if i would just die suddenly, then everything would be better. I want to love someone but i cant, im unable since i was pushed off by everyone and not included.. Why would i care then? But i guess deep down it still hurts me to see everyone not caring about me because i dont care about them because they didnt care about me in the first place.. Can anyone please give me some advice or tell me what os wrong with me? I think i might aswell kill myself this week if everyone would be better off without me... 