Got into a car accident today and I wish I fucking died (long post)Basically some woman rear ended my dad and I while we were driving to see family for Christmas. Because of this accident, we were not able to spend Christmas with family. The woman did take responsibility. My dad started worrying about all the bills he would have to pay. 

He found out his insurance company barely covered anything despite being accident free for at least 17 years. Had to wait on the side of the highway for 3 hours. He doesn't have any money and he lives in a single room of a house. He doesn't have his own bathroom and kitchen. He's suffering from a whole range of medical problems and says he's lucky if he sees me graduate college, which would be within 2 years. He showed me his bank account balance which was literally $110.33 

While waiting on the side of the highway and seeing all these cars passing by over the speed limit as usual, I kept wishing that I died in the car accident. I'm a pathetic person. I wish I was just an ounce of badassery as the others I look up to. But instead I'm a fucking blob.

I've been struggling with suicide and depression and anxiety for the past 6 years and honestly I'm just so fucking over it. I tried everything. With the limited funds I got the short-term psychotherapy offered at my university, which was helpful but the term is about up. I tried getting an ESA accommodation at my university, and while it was approved, the circumstances and conditions I am held to prevent me from adopting a pet. And yes I have pet experience but I cannot take any of my family's pets.

Got a girlfriend. Was cool for awhile. Now it's been shit and disappointment and her trivializing my mental problems, responding to my "I wanna die" or "I want to fucking kill myself" remarks with "oh but I love you" or "don't" and then proceeding to send me pictures of cats and rainbows to "make me feel better". Told her about the car accident, asked me what "accident" meant, and after I told her I was stranded on the highway for at least an hour and a half, she never replied back to me. She genuinely cares more about cat gifs than my physical and mental well-being. I really don't understand why me getting into a car accident makes her throw a tantrum and not talk to me, but it's fine I guess.

Haven't been able to sleep for the past month. Been falling asleep at around 8-10am and then waking up once the sun's down. Been reaching out to friends and having a blast and I am truly thankful, but it's only a temporary high. 

TL;DR I wanna fucking die. Everything sucks. Girlfriend sucks. Depression and anxiety for 6 years. I want to fucking die.