My situation. Finding it difficult not to rationalize suicide. Catch 22.I'm not really sure how I should express this. I'm posting here because I had an openly suicidal episode (last year), following a spate of failed suicide attempts; the last one being a failed overdose - turned out I had a stronger constitution than I thought; now, the idea of suicide has returned, stronger than before. For me, suicide is a way of ending a cycle of personal passivity: the constant absence of any kind of reaction, good or bad, to any kind of situation.

Which makes it slightly different from the mood swings my sister and mum suffer. I constantly find myself unable to engage on any kind of emotional level, and I can't remember every really doing so. Which makes it impossible for me to feel human. I have the constant perception of experiencing life through a kind of disconnected third person, a perpetual remove from a reality I've heard of, but never experienced. I respond on a cold, intellectual level, but I don't want to. Mentally, I loathe the boredom, loathe socializing, loathe privacy. While I act fairly normally, my heart's never really in it.


In the course of trying to find a solution to this, I've ended up trying a lot of different things to elicit a response. I've traveled as widely as I can afford, met a lot of different people from different cultures, played whatever sports have teams near me, and tried learning instruments. None of this has really changed how I experience things, or how I feel about life, which is, bluntly, I don't care about it. The only thing that really kept me alive is my family's sheer desire for me to live. But that kind of existence is feeling more and more like a turgid purgatory. I've experimented sexually: found out I'm a-sexual. I've considered a sex change; considered moving completely, learning an entirely new language; considered just disappearing. Suicide is the one idea I constantly return to. I have a girlfriend. We've been going out for over a year; but, I don't have an emotional connection. She's still one of the better people I've ever met, and deserves someone who can really engage with her. 'Coming clean' isn't an option, because my past experience with that tells me otherwise, and anyway, it'd only succeed in hurting her. I'm her first time. So, if I do kill myself, I have the knowledge that on someone else, someone I respect, admire, and envy, I'm placing an incredibly psychological burden. If she killed herself though, and this is the sick thing, I don't even know if I'd respond. If I continue to live, it's for selfish reasons: to try and see if things improve. Doing so, I'm just going to meet people, make bonds, and inevitably hurt them. Suicide is too constant a thought, to believe that things could ever be 'normal'. I don't have a normal to return to. If I live selflessly, admirable as it sounds, I don't think I could. The kind of mental nullness is incredibly damaging: It changes the way I behave completely, and there doesn't seem like much respite from that, when nothing provokes a response. And to die, well, I know there'd be some hurt. But I would, at least, escape the limbo; and I know that it'll come, sometime, so the matter is when; and the sooner I do it, perhaps the less pain I'd inflict. If I could die, tomorrow, without hurting anyone, I would. What holds me back now, is the contention between the pain I don't want to inflict on others, and my own desire to escape this subhuman mode of being.

So, that's me. I don't know if that was very clear. I don't know how you can help. I feel pretty hopeless, mentally. I had counselling before, and they refused to even acknowledge I acted in an essentially emotionless way. But I see no other route, that's really an option. I can't exist, watching others enjoy life, experiencing everything I never feel; and I can't pretend like it doesn't bother me. But - I don't want to hurt anyone. Catch 22.