My note. I hope this help people understand one day. Thank you.Don’t read

So last night was the first night in a while where I thought I had enough energy to do it. Never been this real before but I felt my brain was numb, no tears, no anxiety, just focus and hopelessness. Not hopelessness of self esteem but hopelessness of being hopeful. I was thinking to go to the exact spot where I dreamed of it happening and sticking to the decision the moment I walked out my front door. Never wanted to leave a note but I’m gonna start here and see where I get. I don’t want to call this seasonal depression or captive depression or any nonsensical depression that proves useless and curable. I wanna call this restless hopelessness. Nothings left for me to be sad about because my feelings go numb and I literally feel the bliss go through my body when I’m still and imaging my nothingness. I don’t know where my mind goes. It drifts. I don’t wanna make a sappy note. If we’re sticking to the facts and being logical, as non sensical and ironic that sounds coming from a depressed kid. Don’t be sad if I leave. Be angry. Drive to find a real cure. patience is not a cure when it comes to being happy. Patience and support are like a Dopamine drip to a kidney failure patient. Striving to get the transplant but surviving off of medication until they’re skin turns yellow. Family Love only ever drove me to resenting why I am so emotionally ugly and why I treat everyone great so I can mask the fact that I am really just another spec of star dust in a universe that doesn’t care if I’m ash. I want you to listen while I make this note. I want you to understand what it really feels like even though your brain and body hopefully never will. I want you to listen when I tell you that working through it and pushing harder than ever isn’t working for me. I need a reason of emotion. I have a great life but for what? I can strive but I can’t reach. I can try but I’ll never see what it really feels like to be normal again. I can name every reason as to why I am wrong but don’t convince me I’m wrong, convince my brain, my subconscious . Convince me that sadness of my own is less than sadness of others but take care of my own while I mourn the sadness of others. I don’t want to share this. My mind is clearing up. It always try’s its best in the moment to carve a path to a clear view but one of these days the storms going to be to thick and I won’t feel drowsy. And on that day I hope to whatever the hell is pushing me, to just have a little mercy. I love you guys, I love you.
-Dani