I do so much for other people that's the thing that gets me because what has anyone ever done for me??It's like this single mom and her son would've been homeless if it wasn't for me. They were moving out of a domestic violence shelter and had no place else to go after they got out so I helped them move into my place because there was an extra room available. How does she repay me? By telling straight lies about me trying to get me kicked out so she could have the place alone with herself and the ex of hers that put her in that domestic violence shelter.

This other lady I met at a crisis unit. She was always complaining and making me feel bad for her about her life and what she was going through she said she had an abusive ex she had no choice but to live with. She would talk about how she wasn't eating, how she had no money, how she was completely isolated. So I would buy her food, I would do things for her, buy other things for her, and looking back at it now I didn't want it to be true at the time but now I can see that she was completely using me. She didn't have it that bad at all she was just totally taking advantage of me.


When was the last time I celebrated a birthday when was the last time I celebrated a holiday. I can't remember. I would listen to people so much people go hours and hours talking about their problems but who'll listen to me who'll notice me I go most days without speaking and absolutely no one cares and I've been this isolated literally most of my life since I was 13 and no one again cares I don't know why. My parents, my family, they are basically strangers to me, they don't know anything about me, I don't talk to them often at all and they live either in completely different parts of the country or in different countries. I have no one. I feel like I'm stuck stranded on an island I've been trying to get off. Every time I try I realize how futile it is. There is no use in putting up a useless effort. I have 28 years of experience now to know that no one will ever be concerned about me. I am done. It's all been too much.