I'm so sorry to ask, but can anyone please talk to me?I'm alone in a shitty hotel in Portland right now.  600 miles from the place I've called home for the past three years.  Tomorrow I am supposed to drive back and begin the process of selling most of my belongings and pack what I can into my car and move back in with my parents.    

I've been depressed for two months.  Up a couple weeks ago I thought it was just dissatisfaction with work.  The sinking realization that I'd been promoted beyond my competence.  Sales management is not the best work for socially stupid introverts.  Then the light bulb moment. The "you fucking moron, this is depression.  You know, depression.  That crippling thing you've had since for as long as you can fucking remember" moment.  

I called my mother.  Calm at first, I quickly broke down as I realized how in three fucking years I'd made so little ties that were I to suddenly disappear the ripples of the life I've been creating would fade out in a matter of weeks.  She's been far more concerned about my depression since my father attempted suicide three years ago.  A noticeable change from the eye rolling response I got growing up whenever I talked about how much living fucking hurt me.  So together we planned for me to move home.  Until I could get my feet back under me.  At the time the plan was revitalizing.  Cut the confounding problems out, and address the root issues.  See if I can finally find the path that's been evading me my entire adult life.  I put in notice at my job, and my apartment.  And for a couple days I was almost fucking happy.  

Fast forward to now, and I realize how stupid I am.  I can't outrun this.  I'm on vacation right now, and I don't know if I'll make it out of this city, let alone back home, whatever that is.     

I'm sorry I've been so overly dramatic and long.  I don't really expect anyone to read this.  I feel so much disgust and guilt writing this all out when I'm not sure I'll ever have the balls to really do it.  Like I've created a chore or even a threat for internet strangers.  "Talk to me or maybe I'll do it!"  But I'm more alone than I've ever been right now, and I'm very used to being alone, and still I just don't know what else to do.  I already know the responses I'd get from each person I'd call in my life, which just goes to show what a piece of shit, and a boring coward I am.  But please, I just want to feel like someone wants to talk to me.  To feel like you're not just calling me back because it would inconvenient if I were to go out there.  