I'm genuinely tired of being alive.Not in like an attention-seeking way, but just generally sick of the same loop of my existence.  


I wake up like 12pm-3pm because I don't get to bed til like 6am-9am because of work. I work in a job full of legitimate idiots and morons, not everybody, a lot are really nice people who are really good fun; but the majority are either immature genuinely thick children (16ish) or a minimum wage retards who you know won't amount to anything in life, and just work so they can buy their drugs and pay their child support.  


Work used to be really fun, like actually have people that know what they're doing and we'd all get on and have a laugh. But the fun people left, and now it's turned into a babysitting job, where I have to make sure the retards don't fuck up.  


Then after I get up and check the clock, I've screaming children in the estate where I live running around screaming outside my house, along with a fucking rat of a dog who doesn't stop barking (neighbours dog, the neighbours are pricks and nobody in the estate likes them). I usually have a splitting headache when I get up and need to get food immediately, because I work like 12hour shifts before I get to bed. I work four days a week, which sounds nice, but after a while the sleep pattern really fucks you up and you tend to spend a free day just recovering from being exhausted.  


Other times I'd go to the gym, but I have a stupidly fast metabolism (ectomorph) so i need to eat 3000clean calories a day to bulk up, but between work and sleep it's so fucking difficult. So when I go to the gym (and on recovery days) I'm absolutely exhausted; like i feel like im scraping the bottom of the energy barrel).  


Outside of that, I like making YouTube videos so I tend to spend the remainder of my time in my office working on videos, or just learning things (i like MMA, health/fitness/physio etc.). My current goal is to be a full-time YouTuber, not in a retarded way, but in the sense that I enjoy doing things for myself and making videos.  


I dont talk about any of this stuff with anyone, I'm the type of guy who likes to keep his head down and do a muthafuckin ridiculous amount of work and let the work speak for itself, as opposed to the one-dimensional idiots who think they're great and blow up their minor accomplishments to look like major successes.  


I dont talk to anyone about how I feel, nor do I feel like I can. I never see my actual friends (just unfortunately have my time spent with people in work). One best friend is in another country, another's work schedule is the polar opposite of mine so we never see each other, and another one complains about fuckin' everything despite having more success, accomplishments, and advantages than anyone else. I used to be visit him regularly, (my friend runs a free-lance design business from his family home), but his dad really makes me feel like a shouldn't be there. That me being there is holding him back, or that he's just wasting his time with me. It's hard to accurately describe the feeling, but it's enough to make me not want to be there.  


My mum and my gf know somethings up. Mum told me yesterday not to be so hard on myself (cos theres plenty of people out there who'll do that for me), and i should be proud of of all the things i've accomplished and achieved. And my gf just knows my face when I'm thinking about things that aren't good.  


My dad is a scumbag, like the type where if he were dead a lot of peoples' lives would be better. And before anyone actually attempts to say "don't say that", or "it can't be that bad"; you've clearly had a reasonably protected life and have never been around people who are actually evil. Then i've half-siblings, who are dealing with the aftermath of my father and his ex-wife's divorce. I don't know the details, nor do I want to. But i have to occasionally talk to them to make sure they're doing good (they're kids, aged like 9, 11, 12, and 14).  


That's the small, heavily simplified jist of it. I just felt the need to let this out somewhere, cos it's been ripping my head apart for a while. If you've any opinions, insights, or questions, then fire way; cos i really don't know what I'm doing any more.