Someone please convince me not to do thisFirst things first, my problems have blown up so much over the course of the last few months that I no longer know how to confront them and deal with them. The only answer right now is ending my life so I don’t have to deal with the million emotions others will feel.

I have a gambling addiction to online sports betting that has ruined my life and relationships with everyone I’ve held dear. I was a successful person with a high net worth, great job, a loving girlfriend, I felt like I had it all and I was on top of the world last year. Somehow since then my life has deteriorated. For some reason I began to resort to this Vice and ended up losing over $100,000. I lost a little bit and kept chasing and chasing and chasing. Now I am over $50,000 in debt. 

To make things worse, My father is very ill with cancer and gave me over $30,000 of his retirement money to invest into bitcoin. I lied to him and I used that money for gambling instead and lost it all. You can’t imagine how terrible I feel but my addiction literally lead me to believe I could somehow climb myself out of this mess and I kept chasing and chasing and chasing until I had no more.

I even gambled away my rent money and it is due today. I’m dead broke. 

My girlfriend of 4 years left me over this problem and I have no one anymore. I don’t blame her. I don’t have the courage to tell my father how much of a monster I am especially considering that he is ill with cancer. I never meant for any of this to spiral so out of control but here I am.

I don’t have any friends. I don’t leave my house. All I do is gamble 8-16 hours a day. Because I was so well off, I have been unemployed but trying to chase profits with this money my father gave me. But now all the money, my own, and his is dried up. 

I don’t have the guts to reach out to anyone in real life. I don’t have the guts to confront my father and break his heart. I have to end my life, it’s the only way out. My father will be heart broken, he will be confused, he will be viciously angry, and I literally can’t deal with any of it.

I love my father. I never thought my life would come to this. I hate myself.

I want to die. I just need to find a way that won’t be painful. I want to instantly die. I’m going to google as much as I can. 

My problems don’t just stem from money but from the lies and emotional hurt I’ve put others through. They will be so angry at me and I wish others could Just realize the immense dark pain I’ve been dealing with for the past year.