Venting Session, Lets Chat!Just wanna say that this will probably be a lengthy post, assuming I get out what I need to say.

I've been dealing with some stuff lately that I feel needs let out, instead of bottling it up. I'm not one to talk about my issues very frequently, simply because I used to do it a LOT, and it drove away all my friends. So I try to hold back, or keep the conversations short. So, I'm 21, a pretty short male as well, something between 5'4-5'5? It's a pretty heavy thing for myself because of my insecurities but I'm starting to get over that kinda shit because I'm at the point where I don't really care what people think of me. I try to compensate for my bad looks and short height by getting fit. I've been weight lifting for a little under 2 years now. (with the exception of a few breaks due to depression.) I'm honestly in pretty decent shape, and I'm super proud of the progress I've made. I work out Mon, Wed, and Fri, every week for roughly 30-35 minutes, at home. No money for gym membership and all that noise. Anyway, that's just a little bit about me, maybe context for future thoughts that pop into my head, who knows.

Anyway, I feel like I'm sorta at a halt right now, because of the current virus situation and, I have a bad feeling that time is running out for me, ya know? As I mentioned, I'm 21, so I figured I'd have shit figured out by now. Figured I'd have a job, an apartment, a girlfriend and all that. Stuff that could potentially make me happier and healthier. But that isn't the case. I still live with my parents, who I have a decent relationship with. I don't have a job at the moment, never had one tbh. Applied religiously and had a few interview before the shutdown, but no luck. I refuse to get a job right now  because my parents have health issues and if by chance I catch the virus, I don't want to spread it and end up hurting them badly. My mom works, and my dad is a stay at home parent that kinda just sleeps and drinks, but it's alright, sometimes. He loves his kids very much, so I can't complain there. Mom has always been in the picture but...not? If that makes sense. She doesn't seem too understanding of her chlidren and doesn't really seem to care about any of us. I know that may sound a bit harsh but it's true. She doesn't really show affection towards any of us, and is very selfish most of the time. Now I dont' want to throw my folks under the bus or anything but I'm on a bit of a rocky road lately because like I said, the dad drinks. Mom does too. They don't really mix well with alcohol, and I'm not bashing anyone that drinks, just the people who do it KNOWING they can't handle it, ya know? They typically accuse each other of shit and scream all the way until 5-6am, regardless of my mom's work schedule. I used to get involved and try and stop the fighting but it'd escalate horrendously and things would get physical. Actually pretty traumatized from that shit, not gonna lie. I've called the police on them a couple times only for my pops to get a slap on the wrist both times. Had probation for about a year and it ended a while ago. Now, I love my parents to death, and you might be asking "why?" to that, I don't fuckin' know. I've gotten into fist fights with my dad, he's fought with my younger brother (who is twice my size, in height.) He got my dad with a good one once, almost bled out and died right in the living room, but that problem resolved itself. I like to think of their fights as storms, they only last so long and then they calm down. But these kind of storms don't just disappear, they stick with you. In memory. I have one cousin who I love to death and consider a little sister. She's about to have a kid soon so I talk to her as much as I can and make sure she's doing okay. We like to vent to each other quite a bit because we both have our fair share of issues, hers are worse than mine. But I speak with her after all these fights and she's incredibly understanding and basically just tells me to call the police, it's about all I can do, really. But I refuse. I won't go into detail, but I don't really have a good taste in my mouth when the police get brought up. They're some crooked mfkers around here. But yea, I figured I'd focus on my parents for this since it's been on my mind a lot lately.

There's this rabbit hole of thinking that I go down very often as a result of those thoughts I have. My sleep schedule is dogshit a lot of the time because I just don't feel like sleeping a lot of the time. Sometimes I'll get on schedule and wake up at like 7-9am every day for about 2-3 weeks, up until I get woken up to the old folks screaming like banshees. It pisses me off to no end and I get hella bad anxiety from it. That's a huge factor in why my sleep schedule is ruined, the more I think about it. Then I think about well "what if I never sleep normally again? I can't expect to get a job if I can't sleep soundly at night." I'll get fired for sure from my jobs if I can't sleep, man. People usually tell me to just seek therapy or some shit but I'm not doing that. Are you nuts? They'll probably toss me in the loony bin. Another thing I've considered as well, is running away. I have a friend that I've known for about 5 years now, we used to hang out last summer at his place. I know for a fact that he'd take me in if I needed it, but the big thing about that is, I can't leave my two siblings behind. If by chance I were to leave home for good and stay with my friend, I'd end up leaving that bullshit to my siblings and end up abandoning them. I can't do that. I even told them that I love them too much to leave them there. So what do I do? I'm stuck here, no way to get a job, and even if I did, it'd suck ass because I wouldn't be able to hold it with my bad sleep patterns. I've got some hobbies, like gaming, digital art, poetry, and weight lifting, but that's about it. Not really sure what to do at the moment. I don't really HAVE any goals or anything at the moment either, I mean it's kinda mandatory to get a place eventually, and get my license and all that so I wouldn't really consider that my "goals". Not something i'm too excited about, lol. But yea, I guess the only part about this that really makes me consider suicide is the overwhelming thoughts that fill my head all day. That's pretty much it. I see suicide as a way to just kill the noise, ya know? I don't fuck with alcohol or drugs, so that's a no-no from me.

anyway, I hope you all have a lovely day, peace! &lt;3