I just need to vent.I'm not suicidal. I think. But if i got hit by a car tomorrow i would be okay with it. My year has been so sad, and yet so happy and hopeful at the same time. I'm in this awful rut. 

My boyfriend broke up with me last April. We weren't compatible. I knew it from the start, but I can still remember him walking into the room, asking me to sit down....ugh i cant even think about it. It makes me sick. I felt so hopeless. So powerless that there was nothing i could do to stop him from leaving. 

A week later, my best friend and I's (recently) rocky relationship ended for good. Her life was too happy for me. I felt like my relationship wasnt good enough for her. For me. I just compared our lives all the time. Why wasnt my boyfriend taking me on dates? telling me I was beautiful? making plans with me? 

Two weeks after that, my parents split up and my mom moved out. I had to help her move her things while she shit talked my dad. My perfect dad who's given me the world became so "human". His mistakes and faults were put on blast. And here i am trying to deal with my own breakup, now I have to deal with my parents shit talking about each other.

I went to therapy, vented and vented and analyzed and soul searched and vented some more. I started to feel better. My ex had a new girlfriend, but we were still friendly when we ran into each other. I had hope that this sadness would stop. My best friend and I started repairing our relationship. My parents figured out their shit and got back together. I was feeling so much better. I mean, what did i have to be sad about? I graduated college, I got a job in my major, I had awesome friends.

Then my best friend killed herself in December. Technically November, but her roommate didn't find her for three days. Jesus. I still remember the call. "I have to tell you something...... She hung herself.." You know that cold/hot feeling where you stomach drops? That happened. After asking "wait, what. why?" about 600 times, I got off the phone and took a deep breath. 

I felt numb. I felt like I had this duty to man up and tell our other friends, ill deal with grief later. Breaking the news to people was so strange. Everyone's reaction was the same. A lot like my own. Being the best friend of a dead person, I never realized the things you'd need to do. Calling friends, giving out funeral information, answering questions, meeting with family and other friends you've only heard of, etc. 

I know a lot of people on this sub want it all to end. My friend wanted it all to end. Her notebook was filled with how much she hated herself, how self conscious she was, how shes too far gone for help. Nothing was going to save her according to her notebook. How she saw herself was so different than how we all saw her. She was so happy, so so soooo beautiful. So funny. The best at cheering me up through all the shit I previously talked about in this post. I feel shitty for not asking her about how she was doing. But how could I know? She was always so happy, and so dismissive about talking about her life. She kept me at arms reach. And now i realize it was for a reason.  She had so much going for her. She did so much cool shit. She kept everyone in the dark about her hatred for herself. And we all loved her. 

Her wake was open casket. She had been dead for about 2 weeks by the time her body was able to be put to rest. You know how shitty an open casket is? Shitty. I had to be literally FORCED to view her. I had two of my best friends and her mother basically carrying me to see her. I needed to. I know i needed to. I had to see her one last time. I wanted my last memory of being in her presence of us having sushi together, laughing about shit from high school. But i know I needed to do this, she would have done it for me. Because thats who she was. She was loyal, loving, and caring. 

My life ended that day. 

The funeral the next day was a blur. It was just moving through the motions. Watching her mother screaming while her casket was being lowered will forever haunt my dreams. She was being held up by about 4 people. Basically trying to climb inside her daughters casket.  She always thought her mother was cold, not interested in her, buying her love with shopping trips. Her funeral didn't show that. Visiting her mother after her funeral doesn't show that. The worst thing that can happen to her mother has now happened. 

A memorial sits in their living room. Candles for friends to light when they visit, her Senior year picture displayed in the center, prayer books, dream catchers from her room, small trinkets that give them some peace of mind. We bring flowers and cake over when we visit. Her mother cuts her a slice and places it next to her picture while we eat our slices and swap funny stories. 

I'm sure I have some form of PTSD from those two days of services. I cry so much now that its been so long that I've heard her voice. Tears are streaming while I write this. Im sad for how much she's going to miss out on. She wont be around for so many things I wish she would be around for. 

I know she thought she needed to go, but I really wish she stayed. I wish her finding happiness and peace didn't mean I had to lose her. I feel so hopeless. So powerless that there was nothing i could do to stop her from leaving. 