I want to tell you how ECT saved my lifeSo for those who are not familiar with "Electroconvulsive therapy" (ECT) it is a treatment considered to be some kind of a last resort for unresponsive cases of suicide/depression.
Usually when the medication is no longer effective or when dealing with the condition for a very long time without seeing improvement
Even today with all of the improvements in the field there are still lots of misunderstandings and confusion/fear. Mainly since the way 
it is portrayed in movies.

Well I am here to share my experience with this treatment so hopefully if some of you have any real plans to kill yourself you can add this to the list of things to try before actually "giving up".

So for My story... 
I am currently 25F. Have been dealing with anxiety, depression, suicidal thoughts for most of my life. Depression started at about round 13.
Been hospitalized once in my teens. (For about 8 montes)
My depression effected every single aspect of my life. I stopped working (got fired from my high position in a big company after being unable to promise them I would improve my attendance and performance magically by the time limit they gave me )

Most days I could only lay in my bed. I lost weight then I gained weight.

It was like a rollercoaster. Not knowing what the next episode would bring.

What I tried till this point :

Lots of drugs. The known and unknown. High doses too.

Therapy. And lots of therapy! I tried CBD. And other known methods.
With many therapists and psychiatrists. Some were great and some terrible. But even those that helped - the good waves never lasted.

As I mentioned I got admitted to a psychiatric hospital (voluntarily) after my first suicidal attempt.

Btw I did try some other stuff (not mentioned) too but those are obviously the more known methods and so I only stick with listing them.

Anyway...
none of this helped. At least not for long.
And I started really considering killing myself again.

But - I Promised my mom I would agree to try everything before ending my life and so she got the recommendation for ECT.

so we did some research.
Even after reading about the many side effects (and there are side effects. Be aware!)
I considered my situation and knowing I don't really have anything else to lose I agreed to try the treatment.

I was very scared since they basically put you under anesthesia and  use high voltage of electricity on your brain.

You obviously don't really feel anything since they use the anesthesia and only start the treatment after you fallen asleep.
But it's still scary.

They often recommend between 10-12 treatments with options to do more as a way of maintaining the results.

So what *are* the side effects?

•Headaches

Nausea

Muscle aches and soreness

Disorientation and confusion

•short term memory is definitely affected (and some patients claim that long term memory might also change/get damaged)


Please note Most of the side affects appear right when you wake up from treatment and will disappear after a short rest (although the memory loss can and will last longer.)

In my experience : my memory definitely got worse since I started treatments. I would recommend starting a dairy or asking close family or friends to make sure you do remember important events/notes.

I would totally forget entire conversations I had.
And as much as it is a bit annoying I am taking the situation in stride.

So now for the results: I could see a change in my state right after about the 7th treatment!
And it kept getting better. The main things I notice is I no longer have any suicidal thoughts!!!! Like they just disappeared.
No I am not like instantly happy and cured but I no longer think of the worse outcome all the time. I still suffer mostly from anxiety but I am also planning to going back to therapy after finishing with my treatments. (It is not recommended having treatments and therapy together as like I mentioned the memory loss will be a problem and would prevent you from benefiting from the sessions)

So here's to a better hopeful future.
I really hope I can work on my remaining issues now that the dark thoughts are out of my way.

Happy to answer any questions (;