Something I need to tell you.I've been suicidal for about 4 years, on and off. Some awful times, very few good times, mostly numb times.

I won't make a big speech saying how different I am now - or that my head is somehow a bright, wonderful place - I don't think anyone's truly is, if you live on this planet.

But here's the thing.

I am better now. A lot better. And the reason isn't because I saw a therapist, although I am sure that would help many people, and it isn't because I gave myself a tough talk, or changed the display on my phone to a motivational quote.

I was trapped in a cage of my own fear. And in that cage, though miserable - I was safe. Safe from hypothetical dangers and meandering what-ifs. All the possible terrible scenarios. Ignoring the most dangerous one of all. Which was me - being manipulated, controlled, lied to by my own mind. Lied to and made to think I wasn't capable, wasn't able, wasn't enough - for anything or anyone. That it was easier - kinder, to let myself be alone - to stagnate. To exist. To be nothing to anything, to anyone. I'd get up and dressed and tell myself that just going outside was progress. That I was OK. That it was OK to be dead. That there was nothing else for me, to feel, and no reason to grow at all.

I got to a point where to carry on would be to be as physically dead as I was emotionally and mentally dead.

So

I crashed down the glass. I took my comfort zone and I smashed right through it. I blew off the lid of the glass jar I'd screwed on so tight. 

I. Stopped. Being. Comfortable.

I sent an email to a company. I took a random chance. A shot. I took a sign and flew with it. Dragged my roots up from the ground I'd so tightly hooked myself into, which had been pumping my soul so full of toxins for so long.
I was scared. Terrified. I wanted to cower. I wanted to be safe again, in my pit - in my hole. Misery isn't scary. It's safe. Life is too much.
But I shook my head. I screamed NO. 
I went outside. I got on a flight. I did a job I was terrified I'd be shit at. For a bit I was. Then I got better. I was good. Good at something. Something I liked.
I met people I was terrified to meet. And then they liked me.
I laughed - the sound was real. I hugged someone I called a friend - and it felt like the most natural thing.
I fell in love with a person I never could've dreamed up in my own head. But they were real. 
I had sex. I felt another person - properly - and I didn't want to be anywhere else. And I hadn't remembered feeling that way in years.
I tasted rain.
I swam in a lake surrounded by mountains.
I rehashed the views I had of myself.
I watched my old self cower and fade away.
I saw my new self as able, and free.
I saw what I am
I saw what I could be.


You're being lied to if you think this is all you are. You're the liar. But you don't know it yet.

So get scared.
Get uncomfortable as all hell.
Get so uncomfortable you feel sick.
Make your heart pound.
Scream NO when your head tells you there is no point.
Scream NO when you're told to go home. You're not home. THIS is not your home.
There is all the point in the world.
The black hole that wraps itself around you is an illusion of your own making.

The answer isn't pills. Or endless therapy. Or quotes, or videos, or a hug or a pat on the back.

The answer is YOU. The answer is confidence. Confidence is knowing what you're capable of. But you only know - when you know.

Go and live.