My only close friend wouldn't reply me and it is making me mad with dark thoughtsWe used to text everyday. He saw me through this abusive relationship that lasted for years but only turns really bad last year. It was an abusive relationship but she was my main emotional connection and it was terrible when the bond was broken. It was a trauma bond but a bond nonetheless. I don't have any mutual friends left due to that fallout too.

My friend was really kind during that time but he is someone who is kinda skittish and quite serious. At some point, I realize he is no longer interested in my stories regarding my abuser because he thinks it as 'indulging' me and face it, they are kinda a downer. It's alright. I don't expect him to know the ramifications and the constant shock and trauma as you find out in retrospect, the insidiousness of the relationship. I respected his boundaries and I always try to be there for him too, I know I am not as close to him as his friends are but he complains to me freely about work (we are not work related) and I can text him whatever I want to through the day and he would always reply me. Then one day he stopped. I don't want to be a bother so I left it as that for a few days. Then I took the initiative to text him and he said he has been tired due to work but that has never stopped him from texting before. Anyway I didn't pursue and we went back and forth texting because I'm in between jobs right now and he is at his workplace being bored. Then it stopped again. It used to be him texting me every day even if I didn't initiate contact. It is driving me mad with anxiety. I want to text him but I'm so scared he wouldn't reply me. He is my last form of human connection. I just want to have some messages from him. I couldn't think well or write well or do anything. I have a few other 'friends' but they are not dependable. For example, one would come to me for comfort but in her mind, friends are to provide comfort and companionship for *her*, so you can't depend on her for anything. Some others are only there for movies etc. But he is always there. We have much in common. He would always reply. I'm saying I only have him for emotional support.

He would always have stories to share. Him not replying me for days on end and not having anything new to share? I don't know what to do. It scares me not having any notifications from anybody. I want to text him but I am scared that I would get nothing and I don't want to chase him away. He is like my safety net and him drifting away from me? Yeah, I know the world is beautiful and my problem is trivial but I feel nothing but this crushing isolation and it is bringing me all the despair I have been trying to ignore. It is like things are never getting better. It is like I try and try but people would drop me just like that without a thought and I would never know why because they hate awkwardness or don't care enough about me to bring their issues up. I don't know what to do.