I relapsed again. Now my suicidal thoughts are worse than never.I have a history of mental illness since around 9. At the time, my father was severely emotionally abusive towards me and my mother wasn’t always present. Growing up, my dad was hard on me, although he was loving, my good memories of him are plagued by the times he’d call me worthless, weak and pathetic for being unable to do things right. And the times where he threatens to kill himself or my pets if I didn’t do what he wanted amongst other things. I’ve had thoughts of wanting to end it since then but at around 12-13, my depression peaked. My sister was diagnosed with cancer and I just broke. I didn’t have any support group because people have a tendency to leave me after short periods of time. 

Eventually, my parents found out about the plethora of cuts on my wrist and found help for me. After that, I was diagnosed with depression and was given medication. For about a year or so after, I was doing well. I spent 5-6 months alone, seeing no one other than family members and my therapist. 

Over the years I would relapse quite often and I was then diagnosed again, this time with Bipolar 2. Fast forward to now, a few years later, after a chain of events including a talk with my mom and dad that went really really South, a friend which triggers the hell out of me with her jokes about substance abuse, abandonment, realizations and etc. I’m relapsing again, but this time the suicidal thoughts are worse than ever.

The fact that I believe nothing matters doesn’t really help either. To me, when I die I won’t feel any regret, pain, doubt, sadness and I won’t see people miss me and cry for me if they do. If I hold a gun to my head, I realized that even in fear, I can count 1..2...3 click, bang. Then it’s all over. I know it isn’t that easy, but that’s just how I think of it. The fear of killing myself wouldn’t matter because I’d be dead. I think of other things too, but I prefer not to elaborate right now. 

Last night, I pointed a pair of sharp scissors on my wrist, then my chest and then my neck. I pressed down because I wanted just die but I stopped myself. At this point whenever I see anything I just think of scenarios of how I can kill myself with it. It’s really inconvenient and I want to bang my head against the wall because I don’t want to think this way. 

At this point I don’t know if I want to live or die, because right now, death doesn’t sound that bad. 

I’m sorry for all this. It’s really random and might not make sense, and that’s because I’m just writing what I’m thinking at the moment. There’s a lot of details that I don’t want to mention and yeah...I apologize.