I'm desperate need of advice. You lot seem perfect.X-post from /r/advice: Can this breach of trust lead to a net good? This is some real shit that I need a couple anonymous minds to help me out on.

Hi, all. First time poster - using my depression redditting alt. 

So. Wall of text. But this means a lot to me, and I could seriously use some advice. TL;DR at bottom, but the context is important.

I am visiting my home province from living near my Uni, staying a week with my family. We're all incredibly close, in a way that we all overtly recognize as special, and atypical. We love each other through thick and thin, and can spend hours at a time laughing with each other over food we've all helped prepare. We operate under the assumption that there are no secrets and every facet of our lives are able to be safely shared and enjoyed, with nothing more than guidance or well-meant words to direct our actions. We have all found this to be comfortable, flexible, and allowing for us each to find our own happiness, sociability, and success.

Today, after dinner, and while my 3 siblings (all younger) were away with their respective pals' houses, I walked into my sister's art room. It's my old room, which she uses to paint, sketch, store her instruments, etc... 

It's incredible. Art everywhere, genuinely, objectively good art, portraits and landscapes of a quality that I would never hope to accomplish. There are small books of sketches laying open on the dresser, half-finished paintings on easels, sticky notes of ideas, and supplies that are somehow both organized and yet sprawling throughout the room. I take a few minutes to get really close to some of these paintings, appreciating the massive amount of time and effort that went into them - looking at how she's used highlighting techniques so sparingly yet accurately, how she's used grid systems for portrait copying, and things like that. There are pieces everywhere. And there is a leather notebook with a sketching pencil inside laying out on her desk.

I open it, expecting to be greeted with more of her wonderful art, but I find a date, a title, and text. 

It's her diary.

I broke our trust entirely. I read it front to back. I felt pretty awful during that time, and you are all free to chastize me for doing the one thing a girl would never want their brother to do, and what I should never do, but the more I read, the more I needed to read. 

The contents terrified me. She is horribly depressed. 

I've been dealing with Bipolar 2 disorder my whole life. I'm familiar with her feelings. I sought the help of my family, medication, therapists, psychiatrists, and friends. But it was hard. And took years to begin. Since then, my family have been nothing but supportive.

The entries started out this year, and simply with inspirational quotes, goals, plans, sketches, song lyrics, but now what she is telling her diary is pretty much what I tell myself when I'm in need of seeing a therapist. She speaks of death, life's purpose (or lack thereof), loneliness, the idea of happiness, and pain more than anything else. Her friends treat her like garbage, use her, mock her, embarrass her in truly awful ways, and then lie to my family about it all, to apparent success. She talks about the expectations people hold her to, her lack of interest in everything, and how lonely she will be once the sibling older than her leaves (in 2 weeks).

She has been taken the rough route with her dating life as well. Sadly, I mean that in the worst of ways. She is a victim of sexual assault. My first reaction was to literally ball up my fist and shake in rage. I've met this person. I've smiled and shook his hand. I immediately began envisioning myself breaking his nose when he answers me at his door. 

It sounded horrific and devastating. The entries got worse after that. She speaks frequently of death and hatred. Most of her entries were about how alone she feels. This all broke my heart. She's no longer addressing her entries to her diary, but to whoever finds it when she's gone. She's now been cutting in places where people won't see it.

I have struggled with suicidal ideation and cutting personally. I kept it hidden. Very well hidden. I'm scared that she has the same ability. This terrifies me, because I finished my would-be suicide note the same month I was elected student body president - and she seems super happy and successful like I was. 

I need help with this. I can't go immediately to anyone she or I knows yet because I don't want to fuck this up. This happened tonight, and she's away, so there is time to react with you all. Here are my questions;

Is this a problem I should be seeking to solve? I know that is a very strange proposition to make, but diaries can often be an exersize of one's darkest (and potentially exaggerated) feelings. She could be ok and using it as a release - but should I react as I want to?

How do I approach her about therapy and medication? Should I mention my own experience and struggle? Or just open a conversation? My family is lovely, but she is obviously hesitant to seek their help, as I was. She had an entry about her friends not listening to her pleas for help. She has pages of "HELP ME" scratched hard into the paper. I want to try.

Do I tell her I read it? Is there any path to lessen the blow? I know I'm an asshole for doing so, but now I feel that I may be trying to save her life. I think I need to act fast. 

Anything will help. I love her. I don't want to know she's in this pain and carrying trauma without acting on it. But this is a teetering situation and I need to be careful.

I am sharing too much information - I know. But she will not see this, and I will delete it within a small amount of time. But please, while you can; help.

TL;DR I read a book, which ended up being my sister's diary, and now know for a fact that she has been assaulted and is depressed, cutting, and suicidal. I breached trust, but now have some crucial information. What do I do?