what’s the point loli’m so damn tired of feeling like this insecure  little shit. the tiniest thing could happen and it would completely fucking ruin my self image. it’s terrifying and honestly i’m at a dead end because i have no idea how to cope with it anymore. i know it’s normal to be sad sometimes but i’m fucking sad 24/7. i’ve lost interest in old things that would bring my joy. i’m not a happy person and i’m not going to sit here and say that i am. i want to work on myself but i feel so worthless and unmotivated to do literally anything anymore. i cant even bring myself to eat most days, let alone drink water. i stay up until 6am and stare at the ceiling because insomnia is a bitch. overthinking is a bitch too. i do it all the time, it’s gotten worse since my parents got divorced. i’m in such a low place right now and it feels like i’m going to be stuck here forever and i don’t want to feel like that anymore. i feel like such a burden to anyone who talks to me, and i hate it. i don’t know how to talk to people and i’m bad at making friends. i spend hours on end a day thinking about how i would probably be better off gone anyways so what the fuck am i supposed to do at this god damn point. i’m fucking exhausted. i’m not trying to throw myself a pity party, i’m just genuinely done at this point. what’s the point anymore anyways? everything is falling apart in my life besides my relationship, but watch me fuck that up as well. i feel like all i do is piss people off and annoy them, so yeah. opening up to people is really fucking hard and i regret it. i’m such a shameful piece of god damn shit and i’m so damn tired of being here. i just want to put a fucking bullet in my head at this point because there is nothing here for me anymore. i’m an almost 19 year old girl and i don’t want to live to see 20. my dog just died too, my best fucking friend. i miss him so god damn much. i hate being such a miserable piece of crap, and i hate being a burden to anyone and everyone around me, so i think it’s my time to go.