23-years-old, recent college graduate, but life feels pointless.This is very long, and I apologize for that. If you care to read this (and especially respond), you have my utmost gratitude. Thank you.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm a 23-year-old male, recently graduated from college last May. I got a degree in graphic design only because I had dreams of making video games when I was younger. Turns out, I don't like doing graphic design stuff all that much. I can do text-based stuff fine, but I feel like I still absolutely suck at illustration. There are only a handful of jobs in that industry in my area, mostly small, family-owned businesses that can't afford to hire anybody. Those that can want people with more work experience. I'll come back to this topic in a bit.

I've always lived at home. I drove to college everyday. My dad died from cancer shortly after I started college, and his father, my grandfather, shortly thereafter. This eventually made me so depressed that I did attempt to hang myself at one point, but the belt I used snapped. And no, I don't feel so suicidal now, just depressed enough now that the idea occasionally enters my mind, but nothing beyond that.

I live with my mom, and see my other close family members and friends often enough. Since I was a baby, I've had vitiligo. I have light skin anyway, but the patches are widespread &amp; noticeable. I also have a patch of white hair from it too that stands out. Sometimes people think its cool, other times there are the obvious stares, snickers, or pointing. Some people must think I chose to dye my hair or something. I actually can't really dye it to look normal with regular hair dye, since it would aggravate the disorder further. There is a kind that works that I used in high school some, but it had to be done everyday and was a hassle. I felt like I was censoring myself for other people. Even then, I'm fairly self-conscious about it.

I've always been nerdy, I suppose. Pokemon hooked me as a kid, and I'm a gamer &amp; anime fanatic. Call me a weeaboo if you want, I don't really care. (As I've gotten older, I've also come to appreciate languages, history, geography, and martial arts.) Naturally, during middle &amp; high school, I was reluctant to talk to many other kids because some of them made fun of me for my interests. I was the goody-two-shoes quiet kid that liked weird &amp; "kiddy stuff". I tend to talk about my interests a lot, to be fair, and get very upset if I can't pursue my life goals immediately. 

My distress is never obvious. It's almost always hidden away. I used to be incredibly optimistic towards the end of high school. A "fall down seven times, get up eight" attitude, no matter what the odds were. I was gonna kick the world's ass, but instead, it's thoroughly kicked mine.

Due to stuff like being shy about my interests and my vitiligo, as well as being somewhat short (5'6") compared to my other male peers, I developed social anxiety. Every time I meet new people, I feel like I have to start over conquering my social anxiety. I didn't like college as much as I could have because of this, and now things are even worse. I've also never had a girlfriend, date, kiss, sex, let alone held a girl's hand romantically. I don't blame my height so much, but I do get self-conscious about it. I also don't foolishly blame women. I place the blame squarely and solely at my own two feet.

I blame myself for having this crippling anxiety when talking to women I'm attracted to. I've managed to get the courage a few times to talk to romantic interests, but I'm so awkward it never goes anywhere, especially since I rarely get to know them (most of the time, anyway). 

Due to my lack of experience, my anxiety with women only progressively gets worse because I'm embarrassed to be 23, when middle school kids have more relationship experience than I've ever had. I feel like I would need to be with a woman who shares some of my interests, given how obsessive I can be.

I've therefore left romance up to fate and focused on my studies. I'm not some stereotypical millennial/Gen Z guy that insular older folks like to imagine who would rather play video games all day than work. That's not the problem, I do want to work, and I don't play games all day. Half the time, I stay up until 2:00 AM looking at local job listings. Plus, my current vehicle is unreliable &amp; is being worked on, so I'm more or less stranded at home until it's fixed anyway. I'm ashamed of my unemployment, but not so willing to accept anything either. I don't want just any job, because working a dead-end, anxiety-inducing job that I hate would undoubtedly make me more depressed than I am already, and I would be teetering on the edge of self-destruction. 

I also don't exactly wanna work in the field I studied in either. I find it to be a very subjective and stressful field, full of deadlines looming over my head. I don't exactly want to move. That said, if anything, I'd love to teach English in Japan, but it's a long &amp; arduous process to apply, and can be expensive to start up. It's quite nerve-wracking and lonely, but it may be just the jump-start to my adult life that I need. The most accredited program for that only takes applicants in the fall months too. I don't wanna go so far from my mother &amp; friends though. I have a dear, old friend who is in more of a rut than me, honestly, that I would hate to leave without my direct aid, but we would undoubtedly talk via video chatting regularly anyway, as we do now. My mother gets upset whenever I've mentioned the mere idea of going all the way to Japan, but it's my life at the end of the day. I'd also genuinely like to be a voice actor someday.

I wish I was younger. A teenager in high school. Seeing all my friends everyday. My dad &amp; grandfather still alive. Not having to worry about searching for some crappy "job in the meantime". My goals lie far beyond that, but feel so out of reach. I just keep living for tiny things like a new video game coming out later on in the year or grander stuff like the possibility of traveling the world. I'm also almost a black belt in karate, so there's another goal. I've recently started learning Japanese in earnest. And yet, despite all these goals, I feel so scared, terrified even, of the future. I hate uncertainty, and I hate change for the most part. Sometimes I even wonder if I have Asperger's Syndrome (obsessive interests, socially awkward, extremely picky eater, picky about clothing material, resistant to change, deadset on goals with all-or-nothing thinking, usually chewing on something which is a behavior of "stimming", etc.).

At this point, I feel like I'm just surviving, but not truly living. I want happiness, with a sense of peace like I haven't felt since I was 18. I don't want to feel like I've peaked anymore. I want to be able to say my life is better than even back then, and will only get better despite any hardships. I don't feel like I'm an adult. I feel like a teenager whose life has moved on without him.

&amp;#x200B;

I want to be happy, and to spread that happiness with others. I want to look forward to the future, always.