Lost all future prospects and have been on the edge for the past few days.TLDR; Title

Hello all,

I've come here mainly because I have nowhere else to go.

Some background: I'm a 17 year old junior attending a Christian private school.  I've been struggling with depression for a while, but I managed to work through a lot of that and carry on with my life.

Now if this doesn't sound super terrible, that's because it's not, and honestly I have no idea why I'm posting here when there are people with real problems, but I'm far enough there's no reason to stop now.  A few days ago I was caught sexting with a friend of mine by her extremely religious parents, who then proceeded to tell my parents who are also fairly religious, and it just went downhill from there.  It all looks really bad for me.  Even though we both participated, I am seen as the main aggressor since I am the male, and can be kicked out of the school that I have been attending almost my entire life.  Not only that, but as she's a minor (a few months younger than me, which makes no sense but whatever), I can be convicted as a sexual predator, further ruining any prospects for college or anything afterwards as well.

I have no one to turn to.  My parents hate me for ruining my own and in turn their name, and I only have one close friend who I normally bring this type of stuff to, but she's the one I'm currently banned from contacting... I have no one I can trust or talk through this with, and there haven't been too many moments in the past few days that I haven't been considering ending it out of horror at my actions and utter humiliation, and if the rest of my grade (around 80 kids) found out about this, my only reason for hesitation would purely be the fact that I'm a coward with no backbone (repetitive ik, but whatever).  I know that one of the reasons I'm posting this is because I want to be convinced otherwise, but I'm so numb to just about everything at the moment that I would have absolutely no qualms with ending it.

I have no idea what to do.  There is no reason for me to keep going seeing as my entire life is now forfeit, and I'd rather get out without any more suffering on my part or anyone else's.  Also, please ignore how pathetic this is.