im a failure and i deserve to die. i think this year is it.every day is the same, and its been worse since covid. i dont do anything. im home all day. not even a friend to spend a minute with or talk to.

this is gonna be a little long, im sorry. if you dont read, i understand, if you do, i appreciate it.

i fucked up college, so thats over. everyone had hopes for me graduating from art school. i fucked that over so badly. so so badly. im so unmotivated that i dont even want to go back to school. im too stupid to pursue another career option, and feel that i lack the talent to continue with art school. i wasted so much money on an expensive school. its all gone. did a year, left because of my mental health, did another year and a half, left because of my mental health. its a sick cycle. and i dont think im ever going to get better. on top of that, my gpa is shit, so its not like i can go back.

im 22. everyone i know is graduating college. everyone is getting ready to head out into the world, and here i am, stuck in somewhat of a shithole, alone and depressed. i feel like a fucking shit loser. didnt have a good high school or college experience. ive never really had friends, or a love life thats worth mentioning. i hate that my life has always been so quiet. i feel like some kind of sheltered idiot. who the fuck is going to want to spend time with me. i dont have anything to put on the table. i never had a life. im a loser. 

my mother only half-believes in my mental illness. she thinks that "i dont have a reason to be depressed because i come from a good home" and "youre using your depression as an excuse to do nothing but lay in bed all day" because you know, according to her, i can "just get up and do something" it hurts so much having next to no actual support system at home. i wish she was more compassionate towards me. i cant talk to her about anything regarding my mental health without getting lectured on how im a fucking idiot. before, she told me she wouldnt kick me out of the house, but yesterday, she said shes considering it. she said she just sees me running away and selling my ass and ending up on drugs. thanks. i basically expressed to her that i wanted to kill myself, and she didnt even have anything to say about it. no "you need help" no nothing. she just kept going on about how im garbage and that i need to "just grow up"

everything was going so good until i just lost it. i suddenly stopped caring. now my plans for suicide are being pushed to a closer date. i just want to drink my pills, because they do fuck all anyway. i'll take it with alcohol or something, i dont care. i'll slit my wrists too. i just want to die. im a loser. i have nothing to live for. im giving up. im done. nothing has purpose.  the only thing stopping me is my family. but at this point, when i kill myself, they'll probably understand why and get over it anyway.