i’m scared of pain, not deathmobile so sorry for the format 

I’ll start off by saying that i don’t encourage suicide or self harm in any aspect. im a 16 year old male and here’s my story. when i was in middle school my dad snapped on my brother and that made my life do a full 180. we went from having an amazing 2 story house to moving right back into an apartment (i live with a family of 5) all of the things in my childhood were just happy and jolly. but once i moves back into the apartment it’s like that was tore away from me. i went into therapy because of my anger issues and how much i bottled up my feelings about my dad. it didn’t help because every single day after therapy i would come home to my dad. the person that ruined my entire life. for the sake of my fingers we’re gonna skip to my freshman year of highschool. i didn’t even feel like myself anymore. my parents were going through the process of divorce and i was having breakdowns every once or twice a month. i was just so angry at everything and the position i was in. i quit basketball and that was something that even took me aback. i was so passionate about it in elementary and middle school but i just lost passion in it. my grades were absolutely terrible and i lost some friends. i stopped crying or even feeling anything. that’s when i started cutting. it was like a release for me. i finally felt something and just loved it. but of course i got caught. skip to my current year (sophomore). i haven’t cried since last year. i lost my great grandpa who i was very close to and didn’t even shed a tear. i had thoughts like “well it was his time anyways” and “wish i could switch places with him” which were pretty bad. i’m very antisocial at school and extremely anxious. along with that, i hate the concept of school. i finally told my mom about my cutting and even about my overdose attempt when i was in freshman year. i honestly just want to fucking die. of course there are people that care about me but i just feel like if a person would rather be dead than alive then why try and force them to accept the fact that they are in a world they didn’t want to be in to begin with. why not just let that person go and be free. waking up early as hell for school and having sleepless nights doesn’t mix well at all. my teachers notice my depressing behavior and i don’t even want to open up. i don’t want to because they are mandated reporters or whatever. i can’t open up because i don’t want to be hospitalized. i want to just end it and off myself but i’m afraid of pain. if i could swiftly take myself out of this hellhole that we call life i would but if i fail again then the side affects might hurt in the long run. i have people that care about me but i don’t care about myself. what do i even do...