I feel like times almost upHello Reddit. 

Created this account just to post this cause I've heard there's a helpful community here 

First of all- I'm a 17 year old male, overweight, junior in high school. I do pretty well academically- have around a 3.7 GPA this year and a 3.5 overall. Got a black belt in karate, am an eagle scout, and just that one person you see everyday that's always enthusiastic and smiling. Don't seem like the kind of person to be on the verge of committing suicide, right? 

Truth is though, I'm absolutely destroyed inside. And I've completely given up on myself- yet nobody knows. I've never been officially diagnosed with depression and no one's even raised eyebrow that I even am depressed. 

So, backstory- (just background on why I'm depressed, skip if not interested) both parents are immigrants and I live in this affluent upper-middle class pretty much all white suburb. Life was going great until I turned 8: sister was born with pre-existing life-threatening illness, parents left my life literally overnight and sent me to live with grandparents. Grandma's not fluent in English and grandpa (who is) is a complete egotistic asshole. Socially isolate myself and just play videogames, lose all friends, become fat, extended family spread throughout country helps parents, no one asks or gives a shit about me. So I'm left with no one to talk to at all. No one to share my feelings with. Become social outcast in school. Start thinking suicidal thoughts for the first time at age 9. Parents come back into my life after 3 years and I never (to this day) have trusted them again. 
6th and 7th grade in school goes terrible- turn into the school joke Everybody in school thinks I'm autistic (though Im not). 8th grade comes along and I isolate myself once more--- start working out and lose weight, bring BMI down from obese to overweight despite excercising daily, this was the first year I truly truly felt depressed. 9th grade I change my personality completely and start talking to people- become hit with the popular kids and well known throughout the school, initially as a joke but then people catch on to the fact I've changed and start talking to me. Year goes incredibly well become known as this all-around nice guy. 10th comes around and that's when the extreme suicidal and depressed thoughts came in. Self harm my self like crazy at home while keeping a smile on my face whenever I was in school or around my parents. That brings me to this year I've got all these people I can talk to, I've made plenty of acquaintances, and I still got that smile on my face, but I'm honestly just ready to end it all inside

There's honestly plenty more, but that's just a short overview of my life 




I honestly ain't worth most of you guys' time anyway so I'll just condense down to the reasons why I'm ready to just die: 
--------------------------------------------------
1) I feel like everybody hates me- a part of me tells me this isn't true, but I honestly got no one close to me anymore to tell me that

2) I hate myself- I hate the way I look, I think of myself as the ugliest person I've ever seen 

3) I don't understand life- I'm gonna have to go to college soon and I have no idea what I want to do. Nothing interests me. Also it seems like there's nothing but inevitable misery in the future. 

4) I feel like I've let everyone down and that I'm just a burden on people 

5) the biggest reason of them all is that I just feel completely lonely and rejected. Sure I've got lots people that I consider "friends" in school now but I've honestly never opened up to any of them. I don't have a personal connection with anyone in my life. No one knows what happened to me when I was a child, not even my parents 

6) I feel like I've fallen to far behind everyone else in high school to catch up- Everyone keeps telling me about how much they miss their high school years and how much fun they had- yet here I am, and I've never been invited to a party, yet alone someone's house

Don't get me wrong though Reddit, all I need is one person, literally one person in my life to come up to me and tell me how much I mean to them. I just don't know how to ask someone. I just don't know what to do except die 

So the question I have for you redditors is: 

Do you see any solution for the problem that is me? 

Cuz I honestly don't. 

