I have a plan but I wanna know if it gets betterI really don't know why I'm posting this here. But anyway.

The reason I'm gonna kill myself is because I keep hurting the people I love and who love me. There's this one person who really unconditionally loves me but I hurt that person anyway because of my own insecurities and mental bullshit going on.

The thing is, I've tried to be better. I did my best to change myself, to be mindful of my reactions, but when it actually counts, I keep disappointing myself and others. I keep hurting them. And I keep apologising and saying I'll do better, but I never do. And it all feels out of my control because once that part of my mind takes over, all rational thought is gone.

I'm just tired. I'm tired of trying and failing. I'm tired of hurting others while I'm trying to change myself for the better because yes, we all make mistakes, but there are unforgivable ones. Ones we can't take back. And sometimes it happens even when we're trying our best to be better.

I don't think I'll ever be okay. I can try to, but there will always be another fight, another incident, that will end up in me hurting others, and it's gonna be the same conversation and apology.

People are gonna get tired of it, too. I know for sure. Even the ones who love me unconditionally will get tired of it. I know because it already happened.

To stop all this, maybe this is the answer. Ending it all. I have no other reason to live. I may have a good career path and a nice financial future (I'm graduating this year), but what's the point in all that if I don't have anyone to live for? And even if I did, what's the point if all I do is inevitably hurt them? I can't live for myself because I'm tired of dealing with my own bullshit. It's easier this way.

Btw, therapists and the like aren't very accessible in my country. I dont have the same resources most of you do, so if you do, please take the opportunity and get help. All this time I only have myself and Internet resources to try and help me, and that's all I can have.

So there. I wanna get it out there that I have a plan. I'm jumping off my high rise apartment on Saturday once all my roommates go home for the weekend. I live on the 15th floor so it's a surefire way to die. I'm currently preparing my documents, bank accounts, social accounts. I've had suicidal thoughts before but today, I've never felt calmer thinking about this plan.