I feel like im wasting time.
First off im sorry how scrambled this is. I cant think straight. 

Im a 22 year old male, i have been depressed for quite awhile now. It comes and goes and i dont know where it came from. I lost my brother in a car accident when i was 18 and he was 19 just a month shy of 20. I feel like that is probably the main factor but it doesnt seem like it on the surface. 

I have many issues and i dont know what to do tho. I have no career paths, i have no money saved.... I love music and i am pretty good at it and a lot of people in my city are into what i do, but i just cant write music like i used to. I will work for 15 hrs a day and get nothing, Not only that but i just feel i have no time anymore. I work full time and i also play video games a lot which i love, i never go outside, i never see friends. I see my girlfriend and thats it, and really all we do is watch tv and stay in bed. I want to say its her fault because she doesnt have any hobbies, she relys on me super heavily and if im not with her shes mad. As fucked up as it sounds i still adore her. Shes gained weight and that effects her mental state and 7 years she still wont show me her nude body. Theres just so much and i dont know what to do. Where to go with my life and i feel its eating my insides to where im done.... im good at a lot but im not good enough. The one girl i love treats me poorly and wont even get comfortable with me enough to show me herself. I hate my family even tho they have done so much for me and treat me well, i just think they are robotic and i cant stand being with them. 

I cant even fucking write properly, i see this post is allover the place but i just need to vent. I dont wanna kill myself because i know what death does to people. I may relieve myself but in doing that i hurt my friends and family and my girlfriend. 

I just dont know where to go from here. I want music to work out but i would lose my girlfriend. I want my girlfriend to work out but ill lose my music. I cant do both cause i feel u dont have enough time in a day. Im lost. Im sad. Im happy when i take drugs. Im happy when i drink. Im not a druggie or an alcoholic.  I just i feel nothing anymore. Everything i loved i hate now. Its a fucking chore. I dont know what the fuck to do.