Suicide keeps finding meI have tried to kill myself once or twice a year since I was thirteen. I am twenty-three now. I am transgender. I recently went on a sex binge following my father's death (March) and totally obliterated my genitals with all the STDs, some of which are incurable. I have uncontrollable epilepsy. I am the absolute worst social engineer and am generally disliked by my peers without a single friend to speak of. The things in life I very deeply want are all more than out of reach. 

I have always been unhappy and find myself writing suicide notes every few months... sometimes I'll pull a plastic bag over my head to feel the sensation of breathlessness and imagine the release of death. A part of me is always fighting, always pushing to preservere (sp?), and often I thwart my own attempts before I can carry them through. But it's a losing battle. I am split down the middle by my productive and destructive self and will do ridiculously dangerous and unrewarding things often, almost as a way to rebel against my very existence, my forced existence. People just happen without volition of their own in a world not of their choosing and I am against it.

My best and most recent suicide attempt was in January. I wish I died then. I romanticize death in a very unhealthy way, this I am aware of, yet I cannot escape it's allure. It haunts me. Thoughts of suicide have haunted me most of my life and I don't think I will ever escape them. I want to die, always. Always. I want to leave. To free myself from this channel of time and disperse into the vast complexity of the universe.

I feel spoiled and selfish, to "throw away" what many others wish they had, I know for certain many people would do unspeakable acts to spend a day in my shoes. My suffering is mostly existential and something that comes from self-sabatoge. Even with my own personal emotional/mental/physical/medical problems, I have access to most of the great and wonderous things life has to offer. I am aware, yet, it makes no difference.

I want to die. Badly.

For the first time in my life, two weeks from now, I will receive a stipend large enough to buy my own firearm. To buy a lot of things, really. I'm using it to kill myself. I will hurt my family very badly, what is left of my family, and I am ashamed of it. But... there is never a good time to die, really. Never a good way. I can't live for the sake of others and I struggle to live for myself.

It's only a matter of time before I pull the trigger, literally and figuratively, and then it's lights out for good. This is really more of a long-term type of goodbye... I don't know for sure if I'll choose to die the instant I receive the money. I may wait to stage it in a special place, to take time and make my death everything I want it to be. Because it's honestly the only thing I have control of in this world. My life is the only thing that is truly mine and my death is the only thing I can control.

I really don't know what to expect from posting this, but I know it's got to be a hell of a lot more useful than writing tragic things in my journal, since it really can't talk back to me. Made a Reddit account just for this.