I NEED HELP PLEASESo i am in a relationship with a guy, for almost 8 years. I really love him, to the point that not being without him makes me want to die!! I fucked up i lied not once but 3 times. To some people the lies must be petty, but in our relationship trust is a very important thing. The first time i lied, i went to my best friend's house to stay over at night and i lied to him. Please keep that in mind that i am a girl from Bangladesh, and we don't go out at night. Just cultural difference. I thought he might get angry that i didn't keep my self safe. But that was not the problem, the problem was i lied, after i got caught i blatantly lied i made up excuses. I told him i was in my house when he clearly could see i wasn't. I lied a lot i made excuses after excuses. I broke his trust, he used to think of me as someone who would never lie to him. But i broke his trust. The second time i was very upset about my family and I wanted to smoke weed. Again that might not be a big deal to someone, but i am from a conservative country where girls smoking weed are frowned upon. And today i got caught again, one of my guy friends came to my house to collect card for my friends my wedding and i didn't tell him. He asked me did he come to my house and i said no. Now he thinks i am a lier and a cheater because i lied to him. I broke his trust. He said the problem is how blatantly i lied to his face. He cannot trust me anymore. I lied because i know if a guy friends comes to my house or if he knows about these stuffs we will have a fight. He doesn't want to be with me anymore. Because he cannot trust me anymore. But i lied because i don't want to fight with him. I am from a broken family. My parents were separated when i was one. My dad doesn't want to see my face. My mom is a reckless women. She just took drugs and destroyed whatever we had. I felt very alone before he came to my life. I used to cut, take sleeping pills, slept at 8 am. Before he came to my life i was a mess. He somehow managed to get my life in track. He made me happy, made me smile and to be honest made me feel loved. The love that I didn't get from my parents. From where i am , people look down upon you if you are from a broken family. Now he says he doesn't have feelings for me anymore. And I cannot cope up with that. I know I fucked up, big time. The problem are not the lies, it's how i tried to cover them up. For the past 8 years i haven't seen a single day where I wouldn't be in this world if we are not together. I have many emotional baggage that he could solve. My mum did fucked up things to me, i had problem with my dad, any issues that i had, whenever i talked to him my problems would be solved. When I am a mess being with him seeing his face somehow solved all my problems. My life has been fucked up. I have been abused neglected whatever the fucked happened the thought of him being with me saved me from my self. There has been many times i wanted to commit suicide, the only reason I didn't do it was for him. I honestly don't know what to do. He has changed his Facebook status to single. He has never done that the past 8 years we were together. We had fights, but he has never done that before. I don't want to die. But I cannot see my self being alive without him. I want to live for my mum, whatever shit she did to me i still want to live for her as i am her only daughter. I just don't know how. I know i am rambling. I know to some people i might sound stupid. But I just don't know what to do. Please don't be disrespectful towards him. I am a 24 year old woman who doesn't have her shit together. I need help. I know i should tell these things to my friends and family but i just don't know how. I needed to ramble. please suggest me what should i do. I am a mess.