I've been considering it for the last few weeks, and I've tried about a dozen times. I think I want to do something more intense and let the story end.I'm 24 years old. I turned it back on Nov 25. I've been suffering from depression since I was born, and it has slowly drained my energy. I was diagnosed with Aspergers and knew it for year beforehhand, but I don't think I ever learned how to deal with people properly. I'm a self-harming masochist that gets driven wild from bleeding myself. I have no friends as I alienate them with my needs for help and I've gradually learned that no one -really- wants to help a dysfunctional mess like me. Back in 2017, my partner of 11 years (is it weird that I've had a full lover for half my short life?) agreed to marry me after years of pestering since I was shitty teen, but I honestly don't feel anything anymore. Just that leaving this life behind would hurt him so so much, but might be ultimately best. I've been a drinker for as long as I can remember, since 2nd grade when I learned most of my classmates didn't understand that I was "sad" all the time.

I've been rethinking of ending it all. I get tired of life's ups and downs. While a millennial, I feel like I wasn't properly prepared for constant disappointment. That no one told me about depression, anxiety, anger, alcohol abuse, and the pain of this. No one told me how to deal with mental health issues my whole life and that I'm not able to be regular. That I need medication to finally not feel like a waste. That being in this group has gsneralised me to being "the reason America has gotten weak," despite being from a small farm about 10 miles from Edenbridge.

I've downed 10(?) full shots of 95% Everclear and I just don't know what's the point anymore. My parents are sleep, and I could just drink until I end. I could take a bath with my toaster, borrow and eat someone's gun, cut some inches deeper, anything. I don't want to do this anymore. I don't want keep wasting everyone's time because I'm trying to figure myself out on someone else's dime. I'm sorry to say this, but even once I sober up, I just want to die.