I completely wasted my lifeAfter being diagnosed with bipolar 1 last year, my life has gotten so much worse.

My school performance has started to suffer due to my depression that medications seem to never fix, and cognitive effects of all the medications I'm on. Last week I was taken off Vraylar due to cognitive effects and cost. I feel much more alert but I'm horribly depressed. There's nobody I can turn to because all my former friends hate me due to how I acted while manic. I lost more friends after drinking too much and behaving like an asshole. 

Worst of all, I'm getting As in all the courses except the one I need to graduate. I just finished the final exam and final paper for that class and I know I did not do well. I've been coasting at a C but if I go below that I won't get credit and won't graduate. This is my last semester and last chance to succeed after I had to leave my senior year due to severe mania.

If I don't get my degree in biology I have no future. I've wanted to be a biologist since I was a child, and I'll have to throw my dream away because I couldn't pass the very last class needed. My parents aren't going to pay for another semester of school. I've sought help with school counselors but they either put me on a waiting list, or say my problems are too big for them to handle, and that I should go on the waiting list that I'm already on. 

My psychiatrist says he can write my professor a letter so I can take an incomplete and revise my paper. My parents and high school friends also suggest that I should email my prof and explain my graduation situation. I can't tell my professor I'm bipolar because this school is in a conservative state. Besides, it's too late to do anything and I don't know if that will solve anything. Ultimately it's my fault for doing poorly in his class.

I'm considering buying a handgun because all the times I went to the psychiatric ward were voluntary, and the state I'm from has lax regulations. It takes a while to get one, but if I don't get my degree I have no reason to live.

Other methods of suicide are unsatisfactory to me due to low success rate, and risk of scarring and permanent physical damage when they ultimately fail. Failing at suicide to me is the ultimate failure.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;