Some weird personal fever dream I had, that I attempted to turn into a short poem/story. (Warning some gore)*I might delete this at some point, I guess I’ll see how I feel. I have a bad habit sometimes of just deleting things that bother me in life.

But anyways, here it is: 


At one time, there were two families with drastically different ideas of perfection and what to make of their homes that lived across from one another. The one family was mine, and I had a revelation that the other would eventually have enough of our differences and challenge my sense of normality. But I brushed this dream off, and still headed over to the house to see my friend. When I arrived, my friend and I just spent time looking out their window, people watching, as we usually did, but they said something strange to me, that made me feel uncomfortable...”Do you think that different preferences are a disease of the mind?” They sounded sincere, and the peculiarity of it deeply troubled me. “What?” I stumbled. They showed me how our house, had two different vases next to one another, each holding different but beautiful flowers. They then spun me vigorously around to an identical table they had in their house, but on top of this table was a vase that was split into two, crumbling pieces that just sat there heavily enshrined in puddles of some adhesive. A shriveled plant was left to welt on the table, and the soil lay sprawled out around it. The water was long evaporated. I felt frozen, and then when I thought things couldn’t get any worse, I turned around and saw a copy of me being held in the air. Tears streaming down their cheeks. But they didn’t make a sound. My friend and some other new person where each grabbing a side of my copy. Without being able to move or speak, I just stood there in horror, and relief, and watched as they were about to tear them in two. I watched frozen in place, as they tore them completely in two. Their insides fell into a bloody heap on the pristine floor, staining it and my innocence. Until eventually, everything turned pitch black.

I later woke up with blurry vision in the ER. Apparently the authorities wanted to see me cause I had some traces of foreign blood on my hands. They then escorted me to where my supposed “friend’s” house had been, but all that lay their now was a valley of ashes that seemed to stretch for miles across their property. I couldn’t feel or remember anything, and they suspected my brain had underwent some kind of trauma. They took me to some local facility to stay in, and I was being watched almost all the time with other kids my age. 

One day, the authorities came into see me again, and asked me if I knew what happened to my parents. I shook my head no. My mind which had once been a steel trap, was now a blank slate. No more blades to cut away at the underbrush that grew as it pleased in my mind. I was forced to deal with my reality head on. I decided I couldn’t stay where I was anymore. I had to leave.

I escaped late in the evening, while the other residents were asleep. One had reminded me of someone, but I couldn’t place my finger on who. Their voice was so delicate yet strong, and they didn’t look well, but somehow they still wanted to persist with life. They amazed me, but I suspect I’ll never know them. 

I went to where my house had supposedly been. That was one thing I was good at remembering. Numbers and codes. I entered the house and felt...nothing. Eh, it’s not like I expected to or anything, just maybe hoped to. I looked around the dark and cold house. I guess I was looking for evidence of what happened to my supposed parents, or things I used to feel a connection to? Since they never told me anything, they just...questioned me intensely. So I poked around, and suddenly came across a cracked door, that had a light on. I hesitated, but then decided to open it. I mean what was I going to do, not open it? So I went downstairs, and discovered a huge cement wall that had the phrases “You’re faking everything” and “Everything you love isn’t even real” slathered in blood. I lost the ability to feel, like, everything, so I just starred and didn’t really know what to do next. Until, out of the corner of my eye. I spotted...them. It was my old “friend.” They walked out into the light, and said to me, “I bet you don’t remember what happened here, do you?” “No” I nonchalantly said. “Well,”
they continued, “let’s just say I had fun using your hand with teaching your parents a thing or two about some proper symmetry.” “I taught who what?” I stumbled. “Oh!” They laughed a sound that stung some part of me. “That little procedure worked better than I intended!” I felt really tired all of a sudden and out of nowhere collapsed. I started breathing pretty fast, and then really slow, exasperated breaths. “You poor thing, don’t you see, your mine now, and I’m all you have left.” I couldn’t say anything, I felt like I was slowly rotting. Well, to be honest I felt like I had been rotting for awhile, but now it was real. This was my home now, but it was a living nightmare. A world I lived in where my fear and the unpleasantness of it all was real. My “friend” noticed my suffering. They had always been in tune with it somehow. They pulled out a knife and medication, all the while assuring me they were only there to make sure I would feel as little pain as possible. Telling me that I earned it just this one time. But just then, before they could finally end this hell. I felt someone else grab me. It was my copy. They...were alive...and so was I. They held me for a moment. They weren’t crying, just profusely apologizing. I didn’t understand what it was about. Until they finally threw up due to the exhaustion and pain, but stomach acid didn’t come up as expected. Rather, a stream of memories and a mix between triggering and personal objects poured out of their gapping mouth. My eyes became clear, and everything was restored...except for everything that wasn’t. As my copy hugged me and told me we were now finally safe and sound, they choose to go down the path of forgetting the horrors they and my “friend” trapped me in days before.

I finally realized how little I meant to me.