Losing All HopeWell, here I am on Reddit again, obviously, searching for new answers to my life's problems from total strangers who don't know me.  I'm out of solutions.  Nothing's worked in the past, and I'm almost convinced that nothing will in the future.  The only reason I keep living is because I stupidly have some hope that things will get better, but hope is not a strategy.  I don't know what to do anymore; I feel like a lost cause.  I feel like a waste of your time and energy.  You could be doing so much more with your life, but you are here.  Why?  I hate that I keep coming here.  All it does is remind me of all the reasons I hate myself, and why I don't deserve to live.  I truly believe I don't.  All I do is take from others: time, money, energy, space.  I'm too "damaged", if that is the right word, to be of any use to anyone.  I am not the best option for anyone.  I'm not even the second, third, or even tenth best option in any scenario.  I don't see any reason why anyone would want me, as a partner, spouse, friend, employee, son, grandson, father, grandfather, acquaintance, or anything else.  I don't feel I'll be anything of note, so why even pick up a pen?  Why try just to fail?  I don't think the experience of life is itself worth living.  Many people say that the journey of life is what makes it special.  Is it really though?  If you take a trip and are miserable the whole time, does the fact that you traveled matter at all, and should it bring you joy?  If you knew the rest of your journey would be faced with hardship, why would you choose to continue?  Why would you not call it off, head home, or quit?  If you enjoy pain or misery, there's something wrong with you, medically.  In the end though, if that's the way *you* want to live *your* life, that's fine; it's not how *I* want to live *mine*.  Regardless, I'm still stuck.  Stuck here in misery that shows no signs of improving.  So why do I come here?  I honestly don't know.  I thought it was because I enjoy venting, but that doesn't make sense because I leave feeling worse -knowing the truth about my situation.  I guess I foolishly hope that this time will be different -that I will have some epitome and that my locus of control will change.  Although I can't be certain, I don't think my life will get any better, and it certainly won't if I continue along my current path.  Either way, I don't want to keep living like this.  Any thoughts that you have would be appreciated, regardless of whether they will work.  Again, even though it is cliche, sorry for wasting your time.