Can't see any strong reasons to stay aliveI suppose in the end it'd be nice to stay in this world and mess about with everything, but to me it seems objectively less worthwile to stay here than to end it and blink out of existence.

To begin with I'd like to claim I've tried to seek help. I've talked to my mother (father refuses to talk to me since I was 12) asking for a therapist since she has all the insurance information, but she always flips out saying all they want to do is put me on pills. Even if I did see one though, I just can't imagine talking to someone who isn't me would help. I've convinced myself a hundred times to just go out and find one who'll take my insurance, but then I remember I can't stand talking to people and getting there would be a pain in the ass. I guess that's a lazy way to put it, but I have absolutely no motivation to push myself out of the house.

Now the major tipping point for me lately was when I was accepted into the college of my dreams. Great place, though cognitive dissonance is telling me it would be a waste of money and I'd come out with a lesser education. Around a year ago (during the time I was accepted) shit hit the fan and long story short I got scapegoated into being expelled before I could even lay my eyes on the building. Ever since then everytime I see, hear, or think about college (which happens a lot since I've been applying to them) I tense up and everything feels hazy. Even as I type this thinking about it makes my chest hurt and my stomach tighten.

In the past, as well, nothing too great has happened. My "father" left me when I was 2 and pretended to care about me until he cut all communication with me when I was 12. One of my colleges required some information from him... that was fun to try to avoid. My mother is bipolar and has this strange misconception that she can't be wrong as long as I disagree with or challenge her statements. I've had 3 girlfriends in the past, one was a pathological liar with Munchhausen (I wish I was making this up), another I only ever talked to on Facebook until we broke up, and the last was great, but helped me realize that I'm pretty much trash.

To explain takes a short story. The first girlfriend was alright I guess, it seemed like she liked me (fairly confident she did to begin with at least). The problem came when she realized I don't really care much for a sexual relationship. I didn't even realize this back then, but she certainly found a remedy for her sexual frustration in our friend who apparently visited her house that valentines day (she said she was busy that day so I stopped by to see a panicked her - though I thought I was just mistaken at the time). The third girlfriend, however, did nothing wrong and I tried to satisfy her thinking I wouldn't make the same mistake twice. It took a couple years after breaking up, but I realized that all I really wanted was to have someone else help solve my loneliness. It worked, but I wasn't all that sexually attracted to her and I think she caught on.

Those are only the three big things that bother me, my getting scapegoated, good ol' "daddy" issues, and my taking advantage of people to sate my loneliness. There are plenty of other minor issues I have with life, but I could write a book on them - just keeping those three as 'short' as they were was hard.

But basically I sit here with my nihilistic thoughts wondering if I even want to bother with another ~60 years of this trash. I have a bridge right next to my house overlooking a highway and I keep thinking about the probability of being killed before I can survive if I just take a jump. I could time it by waiting for a semi to show up and jump right before he passes.

Honestly though, what's left when I'll just be operating for another 60 years. One day I'll stop functioning anyways - through accident or by old age. At that time it'll be as if I never lived. Perhaps I'll have some fun along the way, but living just seems like too much of a hassle to bother when skipping the ending is so easy and simple.

Note: I know it would hurt my family, but as selfish as it sounds, they've taken care of me out of their own human nature. If you take away their own instincts - there's no reason for any of us to even be living here together. Similarly, things like "it'll get better" are just wrong. I've done my best not to hit rock bottom so there's a whole lot worse in store. Encouraged brain growth by avoiding drugs, took as many advanced classes as possible, and anything else that could keep me ahead of the curve socially and physically.