I'm (M18) contemplating suicide because of fucked up relationships.Hello, this is a smurf account. (ofcourse) Im a male at the age of 18, yes I am very young and this is a heavy subject. I know I have many years left and that stuff could be better in the future. Before I begin my message I should point out that Im not a native English speaker, but I'll do my best and I hope I do okay.


Lets dive into it, I really want to believe there's more to everything and I want help, I want a reason to live. I just don't know what to do anymore, or what to fight for. There's so much stuff happening in my life that I really don't know where to even begin, I realise that most of you on here is probably going through worse things that I do and this is silly as hell, especially when Im this young but its killing me, literally...


It began with my girlfriend of 3 years and 6 months breaking up with me, I loved her then and I still do. I would actually say I love her more than I love myself and I've always felt that way since the day I met her, the relationship ended on the 4th of March and everything changed in my life. I was a happy guy, had my interests, my friends and life was good. I didn't really have any suicide thoughts at all back then, I don't think that's ever been a thought. Anyways we kinda bounced back 3 months later and we're still at it, but its rocky as hell and I don't know what she truly wants or feels. We're pretty much together but she still says that she doesn't want to make it public and that she don't know what she feels even though she calls me baby, we both feel that its better than we ever had etc. I guess that's a short and simplified summary of the first problem.


The second thing I hold/held most precious in my life was my friends. Basically when my relationship ended I realised none of my friends really said anything to me, didn't ask how I was doing, what happened. Nothing, silence. I figured it was because they hadn't been in a relationship as serious as mine. I didn't talk much or do much with them for atleast a month if not longer because of my sadness, and when I got back in touch with them everything was different. I still don't know where I have any of them? They seriously haven't given two shits about my relationship ending or me feeling like shit. I even cried openly next to one of them and I know he saw it, didn't ask me or anything. They haven't asked me once how I feel, one of my closest friends even got mad at me for "changing" apparently???


The third reason are my parents. I've never been that close with my dad even though I live with my dad 100% of the time. He's pretty egoistical and he drinks a little bit to much. He doesn't care a lot about how things are holding up with me. He isn't mean or so, he's simply not that great of a dad and I don't have a strong connection with him. An example is that he asked like twice about the relationship thing and not much more, and when I come home from school he doesn't give many shits about what I did and how it went.


My mom and I are on bad terms, we used to be really close but she was diagnosed with (Don't know how to translate it) a disease that basically makes you tired all the time, which meant that she didn't work. It also meant that she often didn't cook me food, got angry at me for small things and when she felt that she didn't get her way she told me stuff like she would take her own life because of me, etc. I moved away from her and we begun having all sorts of fights after that. She broke a really important promise to me this summer and well everythings totally shit right now, I don't want to see her and when I do see her or talk to her she behaves like nothing has happened even though we had a big fallout and her boyfriend screamed that I will never be a part of their lifes etc etc.


Finally I feel like Im getting nowhere with my dreams, I really REALLY want(ed) to create video games. But I feel no passion. In anything. Its been 6 months. Me and the girlfriend are pretty much together again even though its rocky as hell, I don't feel happy doing anything at all except staying with her, Rick &amp; Morty or Game of Thrones isn't enjoyable, games doesn't do shit, drinking alocohol is only fun for so long, school makes me sad/tired and Im constantly tired sad and have frequent anxiety attacks. I have nightmares regulary because of the thoughts Im having.


Is suicide worth it? The obvious answer is fuck no, but please tell me what I should fight for? Please? I want to live reddit, I really do. But I don't know what I have in my life anymore. Its all gone to shit and I really don't give a fuck any longer.


tl;dr: Relationship with GF ended, friends didn't give two fucks, bad connection to parents and I don't feel like doing anything except sleep and cry. What should I do reddit?