mordern societyI dont like being an homo sapien, i mean i dont like How we live in a society where Expectations are really high and expected to be successful, people subconsciously judging others and the way they look. How Stupid Things go trending on the internet and those who dont keep up become Outcasts. How everything is fixed inside Our monkey brains we are Not aware off Because all what People Focus on Is Sex,drugs and violence Our evolutionary Process. Im ashamed of how Contradicting, Harmful, igronant,
Cringe worthy we are. Making Movies About Topics That happend in the real world And making Entertainment shows. Going Out to Work just to go home And watch tv repeatedly or maybe sometimes
Go out. It Annoys me All i am in this existence is An ape My body looking for a girl so i can breed with her and start a family like everyone else. My mind fixed to my brain So that when i die It ceases to exist and i become nothing like before I was even Born. When i look around In towns and cities I see how depressed People are they dont look happy. I look at them And think we are just Cattle, being Hurded Up. I hate How There is no space And everything Is crowded, i hate how Kids my age think “Im Hard me” and “i get pussy all the time” and walk around with Bagy trousers And Clothes That trend On The internet eg Addidas, nike,etc and Speak Loudly. I believe the internet Controlls Our society Its where We get our influence from. I hate when I hear Sneaky remarks Of people Around me Who talk behind other peoples Back And say “Shes ugly, fat Stupid,” etc it dosent feel right and makes Me Feel Awkward because When i look at them i could say the same thing I feel like people Go into a delusional Fantasy Land where they think they are immortal, sexy and everyone Loves them. Im not jelous I hardly feel anything at all. I heard Suffocation from hanging takes only 10secounds to pass out. Im planning It, in September Not November instead. I hate how i start a conversation with someone and it turns into a argument, i hate how no one Sticks up for me, i dont see a future im not bothered. ive been watching Videos On The website “Best Gore” i was curious what my Weightless body would look like Floating in the air then Rotting in my closet. I feel like death, ive been having nightmares Of Demons and delisional Shit, i hate having sleep paralysis at night not being able to move and feeling a dark evil presence Near me. I dont feel right my thoughts have become More violent And messed up, most of all i blame God for giving me life i wish i never existed in the first place and Im an athiest Thinking god exists, I could rant about God everyday and knock those stupid religious people off their feet and doubt their Faith.