I can't connectDepression is something you can’t escape from, many people have compared it to drowning but that’s not quite right. If you drown you’re almost certain to die, however with depressions its almost as if you’re floating in limbo, not quite dead, not quite alive, but still suffering all the pain of drowning. With the drowning comes the numb, dull senses. Everything around you just seems so pointless, everything so black and white, all atmospheres are bland. Normal people laugh, cry, smile, feel anxious, feel guilt, feel passion, I however am broken, I don’t remember what It’s like to feel anything other than this fleeting pain, this never ending suffering, the constant grasping for air, the all too familiar depths of this darkness that's surrounding me. I might just be overthinking things, but that’s how I am now. I over analyze absolutely everything, every little detail of what I could have done differently, how things could have been if i chose to do something else, how I could be if i had made better choices. I’m constantly reminded by those around me what it would be like if I were normal, to love someone, to be loved, to feel proper sadness, to overcome that sadness, normal emotions.


I’m so broken beyond repair, I’ve tried reaching out to people but it always seems to drive them away, but that's the thing with drowning, you’re suffering so much, gasping for air, reaching for anything around to to grab on to. So I understand that people wouldn’t want to be pulled under with me, I wouldn’t wish anyone to feel the way I feel, although I’m sure there are plenty of people who do. Those who voluntarily tried to help me ended up getting caught in my pain, getting dragged under the water, as soon as they had a glimpse at what I was feeling they swam off, unable and unwilling to feel like that any longer and yet again, I’m left here by myself, slowly sinking further into the depths.


A “friend” of mine said to me recently ‘you know what you suffered from?
mauerbauertraurigkeit.’
Now I had no idea what this was at the time, I’m still not sure if it’s even a real word, but regardless it describes somewhat how I’ve become as of late.
The word is of german origins, 
“n. the inexplicable urge to push people away, even close friends who you really like—as if all your social tastebuds suddenly went numb, leaving you unable to distinguish cheap politeness from the taste of genuine affection, unable to recognize its rich and ambiguous flavors, its long and delicate maturation, or the simple fact that each tasting is double-blind.”


Now this struck close to home, I’ve been doing this for years. Getting close to people but eventually pushing them away when they got too deep, when they got behind the farce I put up around others. I want to spare people from feeling how I feel, even dealing with me in most cases.


I think to myself quite often, the less people I have around me the better, I’m like a grenade just waiting to go off, the less damage the better. It’s inevitable that I’ll blow one day, that much I’m certain of. Until then I’ve always minimized the amount of people I’m close with. Never really getting too close with anyone that they start to pry. But with this comes inescapable loneliness, the kind that swallows you whole, nights spent staring at the ceiling or walls. I’ve spent countless nights just sitting with my back against the wall, nails digging into my legs, shaking, so broken and so lonely, but i guess I brought that on myself. You reap what you sow.


When people talk about preventing depression and suicide, they talk about loved ones, they tell you about all the people who will love and miss you. This isn’t reassuring in the slightest, they’re guilt tripping me into not harming myself. I understand that people have emotional attachment to me, but my fundamental right as a human to do as I wish with my own body as long as I do no harm to others trumps it. Not only are they adding guilt to the sea of problems I have, they blackmail me into not harming myself. “If you hurt yourself, so will I”.
But it’s not so easy to stop it, I have blackouts, periods where everything just fades out and I go numb, only realizing what I’m doing when It’s too late. Now they’ve added another problem to my sea of problems, swirling around like a storm in my mind, thrashing about inside my head until something breaks.


Now I know it’s not anyone else fault but my own that I’m in this situation. I could have gone for help when I needed it most, yet I sat in my subdued mindset and let everything build up until the point I’m at now, the point of no return. Going back on my previous statement of “I’m broken beyond repair”. There’s no fixing what I am now, I’ve tried medication, counselling, relying on friends, taking every kind of drugs there are, and drinking myself to a near death state, passing out every time I do so. The only two of those things that worked were the most damaging for myself and those around me, drinking and drugs. For almost three years I was addicted to synthetic cannabis and every other kind of mind numbing drugs I could get my hands on, pairing it with a bottle of vodka. It all numbed what I was feeling even if it was only for a short time, it was better than feeling the way I am now, even if it meant destroying my body and mind in the process. However my mind was probably too far gone to begin with.


I’m not really sure why I’m writing this, I’m not sure if anyone will ever see it, it feels weird, almost like writing my last testament of what really went on in my mind, a written version of my “true self”.


My friends and family would not look at me the same if they knew what went on in my mind. the never ending thoughts of killing myself, but it’s not as simple as you think It is. It’s not just “I want to die” its more elaborate than that. When I look at things, I think to myself, “If i jump from there, I wonder if it would kill me”, “I wonder if that ceiling fan could hold my weight”, “what if i accidentally cut my neck while shaving”, “what If i don’t move from in front of this car”, “how many of these pills would I need to take, should i drink the rest of the bottle as well”. My mind is beyond tainted, this is why I’m broke beyond repair.


I haven’t been sleeping right for years now, I hear my parents get up each morning when I’ve yet to sleep. I can go days without sleep, well, I wouldn’t call it “going without” as it’s involuntary. But who knows, maybe everyone has these thoughts I’m having, maybe everyone thinks the same way I do. I guess I’ll never find out, after all, I’m just a broken beyond repair teenager who’s waiting to explode, a time bomb that's going to take out everything within close proximity, devastating all those who made the mistake of getting close to me.
