I haven’t had anyone to talk to for years, just thought I’d vent a little for the first time in forever.I guess the title is a bit misleading; in literal terms, I have tons of people to talk to. I have a therapist, a fianceé, parents, a sister, friends...but no one can do anything to help. Even if I were to talk to them, it wouldn’t mean a thing because vent doesn’t make me feel better at this point. All it does is scare them, and I don’t want to put them through that.

I’ve been lying to everyone for so long. I keep acting like I’m getting better so I don’t disappoint or scare anyone. I don’t know how to drop the act. I don’t want to go back to the hospital. It won’t help.

I used to self harm badly, and only stopped so they wouldn’t know how I actually feel. I used to have a severe eating disorder that to this day no one knows happened. I used to have a ‘depressed’ Instagram account with over 3k subscribers where I would post sick photos of my weight loss and self harm. I lost a lot of friends when it got deleted.

I vent in a bloody notebook no one’s seen, and in Tumblr drafts I’ll never post. It’s so lonely when I know no one will reply and that it’s really just my own fault.

I can’t get a job. My anxiety is so bad it’s hard to even put in applications, and when I do, I can never bring myself to make a follow up call. I have Tourette’s, and I’m convinced no one will hire me because they’re off-putting. I always wanted to go study abroad in Japan and I don’t think I’ll ever be able to because I’m transgender and can’t go off my hormones.

I’ve never told anyone that I hear things. That I’m paranoid I’m being watched. I lie and say I’m taking my meds because no matter how hard I try, I can’t remember to take them every day, and all anyone ever tells me is to “set phone reminders” or leave them where you’ll see them”. That doesn’t help. They just look disappointed when I say it doesn’t.

There’s nothing here for me. 

I only stay because of my fianceé and my best friend, but when I’m away from them, it hurts so much. I don’t want to force them to be with me all the time, that’s not right, but when I’m alone, it feels like the universe is so much bigger than I’ll ever be.

If I had the supplies to suffocate myself with gas I probably would. I don’t want a dramatic death, I just want to go peacefully, to wherever is next. Anywhere has to be better than this place that works so hard to tell me that who I am as a person is wrong, that I’m worthless if I can’t properly contribute to society.

Advice doesn’t help me anymore, and I don’t even know what I’m looking for, which is why I’ve avoided saying anything. I don’t want to use anyone as a punching bag. It’s been done to me and that sucks.

I guess it’s comforting seeing so many people here that feel the way I do.

I wish I had gone through with it before, before I got to know my fianceé. 

I wish I could take them with me and we could go somewhere nicer.