ill never be pretty and it makes me want to diei'm so tired of hearing sugar coated ''youre beautiful noo'' from my friends when i know its not true. i've been bullied all my life, everyone's like 'oh she will never have a bf!', no friends at school, no one wanted to sit next to me bc im gross, everyday ive heard im ugly, my ex called me ugly and didnt want me at first until he 'got used' to me.  and none one has ever genuinely complimented me without me saying 'im fuckin ugly' 435435 times. my bf rn says 'i think other girls are prettier but i dont want a model so its fine'.  BUT I WANT TO BE A FUCKING MODEL, EVERYONE ELSE IS. he's going to find someone else with a better look and personality than me and then leave me and be alone and end it all. and i dont think i DESERVE anything from him anymore like. if theres something he does that annoys me??????? im not allowed to call him out because then he'll hate me leave me and i'll die alone. HE KNOWS I'M UGLY SO HE KNOWS IM NEVER GONNA FIND ANYTHING ANYWAY SO HE DOESNT HAVE TO BE AFRAID OF ME GOING TO SOMEONE ELSE. he's said this fact. my ex has said this fact and GUESS WHAT HE USED IT AGAINST ME. he also cheated on me and when i dumped him didnt miss me the next day. my nose is fucking crooked weird as hell i have genetic dark ass circles under my eyes which i will never get rid of (if i use makeup ill still be ugly when im swimming) im also fucking fat my teeth are crooked as hell and the dentist will never be able to get them perfect again and i have acne scars and my hair is always knotted and my skin is horrible and i want to die because ive done everything to look better but theres no use. ill never have natural beauty. ill always be fucking ugly. and i wanna kms so everyone can stop feeling like they have to sugarcoat me. i dont have any real fucking skills anyway so im useless waste of space. and my bf can get an actual pretty girl lol he thinks there are none like my personality but there are and as soon as he finds one i'll kms cuz i cant live without him and im tired of being FUCKING UGLY

&amp;#x200B;