It all failed; I would like to read why in hell shouldn't I kill myself?Let's just start from the very beginning.

Age 15/Almost 16 :

I just dropped out High School, finally free from any kind of filthy wasting time institution filled with monkeys as classmates, decaying structures and absent teachers.
My Nation is really at such a point, thus I just decided on my own to not get involved in people or either decay for the rest of my projecting life.

It was the end December 2013 and I would've been 16 in just three months at the very firsts of April.
I always suffered from some kind of depression since bornt but never really gave a care both because I always found Reason and Mind to be stronger along the fact for which I never really cared about myself before my social priority, thus getting people and youngsters around my age to follow what I would've explained to be the path for some political projects I would like to not talk about here. It will may sound strange, but because of my Nation situation that's why every single child here despise of his interest seems to now be forced to bear and understand, in order to survive on his own behaviour as well.

I finally thought I would've been free to live as a self-taught Autodidact, throught what I always believed to be the best Polymath's type of habitat and circumstance, now being able to just study whatever I needed for both my projects and all kind of educations, perhaps even Graduating High School in just one/two years by giving my exam as a self-taught, which is here possible, even though it really seems to be not necesarry anymore here, considering neither University students get to have a job.
Not to mention our University students here show to usually behave like arrogant brats whom's school have been paid by daddy and just flee away in other country while STILL complaining about here even not doing anything to change the situation.

I already had all my projects ready, every single discipline/subject was chosen from a specific type of education and school, so I could get the best and advanced details about every each one of them (For example Scientific school schedule subjects for chemistry and such, Mechanic Institute for mechanics, Language obviously for languages, Literature, Electrnocis and much more).

The course of the projects sadly had to mature throught time, though, becoming thus devided differently in mainly: Studying eight hours, lightly training every hour, eating every six hours since even by working out since six years I still am underweight and struggle with food, then having to take care of the projects when finishing studies, going to the gym for two hours, eating and making food for the next days, going to sleep four hours, going for a night job like the baker one or either security guard, then starting from the beginning.

Doing all this should have been the daily routine at least since I was 16... But here comes the real problem.

I was like REALLY stressed out after three times trying to get in some kind of institute and in the first one in which I couldn't pass for the next class I have been rejected for having been too many time absent...
If I really have to say I've never and EVER been absent to a single class in my entire school life until that point, barely not even when really sick... I just started feeling strange, nervous, slow, depressed and sometimes had to remain all night awake trying to desperately drink coffee while studying, not being able to remain awake all day during class.

After that I thought it would've been better, always talking about December 2013 and after the third institute which was both a scam and from which I've been betrayed by the only two girls I've directly trying to be friends with.
I always happen to start getting hated in life, no matter how much courtesy I show or who happens to be, and I really have known enough people to tell it isn't because of my behavious since I try to always test people since then by trying different behaviours and "spountaneous" one, not being emotional or either caring about "getting" people by instinct, even tho I always understand others due to my natural and matured perception in life.

That's also why other than school life I've always remained home, wasting my time.

Now, even being enthusiastic about my new life and everything I just started sleeping much more than usual, not feeling hope and everything else, even getting out of my house occasionally once every two months..

In all that period I met the wrong people who made me just lose time, even though I should've met people all around and not only internet for both political projects, social and personal matters.

I also matured the will to learn various courses when getting a job, such as music, the seaplane course in my region, other fighting courses than my usual Shaolin gym, thus I also started refusing my parents money being also now in my country's legal age of getting a job (16).

I also wanted to travel, know people, finally train regularry and get stronger other than gain weight (I'm 5'11 and 128/132 lbs, I can lose 11lbs by skipping a meal even after eating six a day for a week), then I wanted to FINALLY find a soulmate to hopefully make my spouse at 18 like projected, finish my projects, start my writing works along much more.

Another external point is that I've been hypersexual since bornt, sexually active sinec 11/12.
Literally after entering middle school I would've done my harem if I just had more determination and didn't get stuck at home, since because of my libido I would've been following and seducing girls everywhere.
Too bad I never had the courage/determination to ask a relationship, both because I'm inevitabely honest and both because until 14 I was a stupid brat who just wished sex and saw nothing wrong about what nowaday we call "Friends with benefits", but I always believed a relation ship was needed and I would'nt kneel in fron of a woman.

Hopefully time would've changed, I would start appreciate traditions like I always defended my culture after how many ancestors of mine have died for it, become a pure Nationalist and even knowing what biologically shows to be possible to be excludeed from a civilized and Rational society.
Leaving the political views aside, that made me think of how AWFUL is to get a girl just for sex, thus I wanted to find the only girl in life I would've gave my love and have sex with, since I would even now want that anyway, being my only real sin in life.

I'm now 18 in three months and still haven't had ANY sexual experience, except for some light touching from clothers with some girl at middle school and cousins... NOTHING.
I feel so frustrated, so ashamed, so lost... So failed.

Not really because I always thought holding verginity after 15 was pathertic and have always been sure I'd lose it at 14, but because it now connects with the fact that I couldn't find even a girl in life to whom do it with.... I mean, reading now even by novels other than true story of even people of 16/17 having sex makes me furiously rage and force me to sleep in order to not feel pain from depression, like I've done for two years now.

All this bullshit to say that everything I could've project in life, doing my routine, finding that, finishing that else and ALSO being able at 18 to marry and live in a good family house in the countryside with my bride, since in my family trees parents usually save money for their son/sons' home and even always telling I don't deserve a single cent from the others those money will be legally addressed to me... I won't be able to do it, because at 16 I could've moved my ass and remained active everyday, finding a girl with right properties to whom I could've ask out and make my woman... but instead didn't anything.

I spent time getting active just one week a month just so I felt the strenght to make myself to eat and wash myself... That's it.
I have obviously done something like... Two travels? Filled the fridge by shopping meals for just one summer?
That was it, I didn't even travel during summer like the idiot I am because I STILL was that stubborn, wanitng to earn MY money and remaining at home, trying to get a job just FOUR TIMES in two years... 

I just couldn't find hope and thought that I didn't deserve to travel without a constructive/cultural purpose like I meant to, either to find a girl outside and to view cultural place, meeting people of that location... I didn't get around in summer to have "fun" or get laid after so many years virgin, because firstly I don't believe in "fun" and also I thought I would've finally see my bride to whom promise my purity..

In these last months I just lost it... Asked many times my parents to give me euthanasia since I hadn't the strenght to finish myself like I had to do two years ago and am now projecting to travel around before dying to get laid like I wanted for so much time, since I also have spent all my life on my computer knowing Eromanga works and maturing a culture about it, getting to work even by resulting and maturing more than commonly than others just for the 10/20% of my personal studies which I conducted since I had school, like computer science and else.
I also get furiously jealous, angry and much more else when even finding a mere male character to have 16 or less years in those works... I mean, why couldn't I?

All these years I could've also studied Computer Sceince very well and now can't even make a program, since all I know is some HTML bullshit, some SQL and just have started C, even having wanted to code since I was 11...

The last institute in which I've been there was a girl in particular three months older than me very cute and who liked Ghibli movies... I just felt like I was getting hated by her for some suspect reason, so I just left also because that school was a private scam paid my parents who never inform themselve, even after I gave them the warning and just suggested to finally send me to a normal school with girls as well, having been until the third institute in just all boys schools for Computer Science studies.

I met again with that girl some months ago after nearly TWO YEARS and even after giggling, telling me she missed me, receiving from mt a 40$ amethyst collar as a present and everything, she just kept ignoring me on whatsapp, considering we live far from each other, telling me she found me annoying even nearly even writing her to in fact NOT annoy her in anyway.. Just for attention.

That was the second time I fallen in love for a girl, considering during the third school I would've show myself for her in front of her house in the morning with freezing cold and just some shirt, since I always try to give example in any way of youth and strenght, nowadays in which even with 10 degrees people here act like Eskimo.

The first time was with a girl from middle school I just stalked some time in order to approach her ever since the end of school, never getting able to... At the end at 15 I fel the righr courage and after many times under her house I just rang the bell and asked if she could talk... I couldn't hear well because the intercome had poor sound, but could understood she couldn't/didn't want to come down for some reason and meet me.



Now, except for not caring about all these and that in three months I'll be damn eighteen years old... How the hell do I cope with all this without just hanging myself right now?

I couldn't know even a single girl in my entire life, since I never had a relation and none I got in these two years.
I never could have any sexual experience, holding it in to lose it for a bride.
I couldn't get a job to save money for my future.
I didn't even finish my COMPUTER SCIENCE studies, and I'm not talking about Electronicts, Mechanics and all that bullshit to both understand some jobs and get by highschool degree...
I couldn't train myself and eat properly for more than two days before getting depressed again, having to sleep to not feel hurt (even for 20 hours and having to feast).
I haven't been writing anything about all the projects I had to work on.
I didn't travel anywhere.


I've done fucking NOTHING in two years and even by knowing to never have been able to get even sexa t my age connects everything else to make me feel shit.

Even if I give it all like always I've done it life it would eventually fail, thus I feel FORCED to save my few energies remained and just look at how people who don't even work their ass on anything get every merit.
The last society's burocracy in which I failed was my driving license for driving the motorcycle 125cc,
I hadn't the strenght and motivation to study the theory NOT because I was a lazy ass but because all the questions where without any kind of reasonable logic, written badly, poorly and just showed discrepance between every question and answer.
I studied anyway and had to REMEMBER BY NOTION every single damn one even though it was impossible to remember them all for how many there were, considering it is indeed NOT possible as mentioned by everyone to remember them all.
Now you would think I just have to find the trick and reason, well let me tell you something: Those question don't have any particular logic side to which you could even try to reason about, thus you have to know them by mnemonic tracts.
I obviously failed, but got them all right the next time: Studying only in three days occasionally.

The next time I had to drive I found myself forced to ask help to some of my mother's friends who had even bigger bikes in order to learn Gears and everything, since all the shitty schol which I sadly paid instead of doing as a self-taught was "Watch and learn" or either give impossible instructions without letting me practice.

I learn gears and to ride after the third lession, thus THREE HOURS.

The next times I had to one who could legally make me drive on the road and with whom I could learn as a self taught, THUS I had to be THROWN on the road without any knowledge by my schoo, get pression, stopped every two time and never getting to drive alone.

The first time I failed because the walky talky used had very poor audio and got the wrong side by mistake.
The second time I drove fastly enough to not create traffic blockage, gave priority to who had it, always use the lights, evetything PERFECTLY.
Got rejected anyway because at the last point I surpassed a vehicle stuck even by remaining on my line like you CAN DO.
The problem? That road had indications to go straight if on the right and left if on the left, which I have both not seen when ordered at the last second and due to the helmet.

Other people drived very slow even without good capabilites but passed anyway for some reasons.
That day I knew I had to kill myself and just destroyed everything after failing to hang myself.

I'm not an emotive person even being really sensible so I don't usually feel anything, but at that time frustration have been tough to bear.


I don't even remember the last time I have been able to cry or feel touched.
I couldn't cry even after watching "The Wind Rises" and "Graveyard of the Fireflies" at my cinema, feeling just depressed and hurting feeling inside weighting everytime more.
I tried to also find anygirl who would watch the first movie withe me out of desperation, since the cute girl of the last institute wasn't there anymore.


I will just try to work on my projects for the three months remaining, maybe get laid and just finish myself at 18... I'm still trying to see if I will either hang myself, get euthanasia, by gun after getting weapons license or either drink a mix of poisonous and sedative herbs, having been interested in Herbalism for years as well.


It's over and I should just submit to such fate.
I just keep spending my days sleeping, jerking off, trying to study, struggling to eat or wash myself (Since I also have until now been stubborned to train myself before every shower even if I was weak) and farely mostly just beating myself up and only wishing "If I only could turn 16 again"...



Only a miracle could save me, even not being this what I've fought for... But even talking about miracles wouldn't change, since everyday in which I wake up feels like a nightmare anyway.

Even the only real acquaintance I know since six years is slowly decaying; He's been always an introvert like me but when we've seen each other after years on skype and youtube far away from each other I tried to teach him and make him see what opportunities he had, even being myself in a difficult situation.
He eventually got a girlfriend this year and I was "happy" for him even being a little jealous, sinec he's one year younger as well...
Too bad these days he seems to be getting more and more destroyed as the personality he mantained, discolourating his hair, piercing his lips, eyelobs like it was for someone... This is just really bad and most likely will have to talk with him before leaving this world.

Also I never had any friend in life.
As well as the fact for which I consider the bride to be the only woman tho whom mix and become one, considering the wife as  the real "right arm" and helper of every man, I believe a person who you might call freind is just one in the entire world, the one who you never have complains about, having the utmost loyalthy about each other, faith and who would sacrifice for you like you would for him/her.

That's why the far I got have been contacts or acquaintances.

I will never have a wife;
I will never finish a single project;
I will never live in a countryside house and have a family;
I will never be able to mature advanced studies like medicine or engineering;
I will never be able to redeem the Nation for which I'd die for from noawady's dacaying society;
I will never be able to write anything of what I had projected;
I will never travel and know people;
I will never get strong and able to fight like never got to, to also defend a family;
I will never feel satisfaction from my sacrifice;
I will never get my wasted youth back and get to do the most part of all this at 18;

I know for many sounds just stupid either to lost virginity before a certain age or to marry at 18, but I wanted both to LIVE all this during the very fresh period of my youth, showing that life is too short to just live in laziness and that MANY people would suffer from such laziness and parasitism.
I'd liked to have a girl my age or two years younger with whom projecting life and projects during youth and I would have to now wait until 20 to redeem all that wasted time.
Sensations are different, strenght is different, the way opportunities come changes and everything is done right ahead like it should, that's why it would've been perfect to get at least to learn Computer Science to work at home, gardening and diy to become indipendent, getting a girl to know and mature each other so I could finally live together.. There's too little time tho, I could even bear to move out at 19, but there's still too little time to redeem two years wasted.
Also the thing which weights the more and forces me to feel regret is the fact for which EVEN after losing the whole 2014 I just wasted time instad of panicking and getting to work.. That's just unacceptable.

I know regret is more wasted time, but I just had a schedule and wanted to create step by step everything until my 18th year, considering also this is not what my person have always been and even slapping myself I can't get myself in strenght, except when I'm starving and have to survive or either start to stink.
Everytime the burden starts to weight I have to sleep or else I feel in pain; I've always even done meditation and such for yers at my gym along maturing in these years the calm for which other than being an impulsive multitasking machine I could just not think about it... Too bad it is personal and everywhere I look makes me remember, as well as when sex is implied in some discussion and I feel touched as explained before.
I just can't accept to feel like this after all these years of sacrifices and work
Even phyisically I've passed from a state in which I could break rocks and train even with broken bones while doing my work to not even being able to get out of the bed and cooking for myself, having to just sit and watch as some common brats who waste time with their friends are able in gym to do five times more than me, even though in all this time I should've been able to do hundreds better.
And that's not because I want to be the best, because if you go on and read some old thread of mine about wanting to hang myself you would read how I don't even give a fuck about being remembered or else and also I should be happy if people get on top of their abilities.... Too bad I should've be leading an example on which I have been sacrificing my life, that of the Polymath and Reason, not being around with kiddos, being able to do one thing in life and being praised for it, considering I've never had any hand in life not even from the parents whom I don't even care about; I just build myself while staying in my filthy room for all this year.
I didn't have people around me or either good parents, among which maybe even only one who would teach me even a single profession to keep in life. I had nothing.


I just want to end it.