I’ve spent a lot of time contemplating suicide over the last few days and I don’t really know why.I’m sorry if this rambles and doesn’t make a lot of sense. 

I’ve struggled with depression since I was a kid, and I’ve been on medication for it since 2012 or so. In the last few weeks, though, it’s been harder for me, and I can’t really figure out why. 

I’m 34 with three kids. Son is 15, daughter is 11 and a baby boy. My wife and I have been together since high school. Oldest was a senior-year surprise and born our first semester of college. Daughter was a late college surprise, but born after we got married. Baby came along when we decided to try for one more, then gave up trying, at which point she got pregnant.

There’s a lot that just weighs on me, and I feel like I can’t fix any of it. The 15-year-old is smart but lazy. We caught him abusing his adderall in order to stay up all night playing video games. He has no drive,  no motivation, and we don’t know what to do with him. The daughter is a strong academic performer who is always happy and bubbly. The baby is... a 16-month-old baby. He does baby things.

Our house is constantly a disaster. Our finances are a shambles, and even though my wife and I both have good-paying jobs, we still struggle to pay the bills. We’re in a shit-ton of debt with credit cards, always barely treading water. This is partly my fault, because I grew up wealthy and never really learned the discipline to live within my means, but my wife also has lots of cards and expenses that I don’t know about. She has her income from one of her jobs going into a separate account I don’t have access to, ostensibly to keep our income looking lower than it is for the purposes of her student loans.

Finally, a few weeks ago, she said she would be fine opening up our marriage, because after having three kids, she doesn’t feel good enough about herself to enjoy having sex with me anymore. We went out to dinner and stayed in a hotel on Mother’s Day, and I tried to ask her if there was anything I could do, or anything that she would like to try, but she is resigned. I cried after she fell asleep, though some of hat was probably the booze.

I’ve spent the last few weeks thinking about how my $150,000 life insurance through my employer would fix a lot of our problems, and how the kids would be fine without me. The baby won’t remember me, and the daughter will bounce back, and the son may well be a lost cause anyway. I’m not a good parent, and I’m not a good husband. I was driving the baby around the other day and took an exit near the bridge where the interstate goes over the river, and I looked over and tries to calculate how fast I’d have to go to get around the guardrail and make it into the river. Or I guess I could just pull over and walk to the middle. (To be clear, I would NOT do this with any of my kids in the car. I do not want to hurt them. And I know, logically, my death would hurt them. But I don’t want to take them with me, is what I’m saying.)

I know none of this makes any real sense. And I’m not going to kill myself today. But I feel like I’m running out of options.