The Surviving of 5 Suicide Attempts and still not 'Getting the Hint': My StoryWriting this just to let it out, really. To let my inner voice speak for a bit since it's been silent for an eternity. To share my story with people who might understand, but most importantly at least will TRY to understand.

I've been struggling with many mental illnesses for about three to four years now.

To give you a closer look, I was around 12 years old when I started noticing the way I felt. And that's kind of the thing with mental illnesses, you notice the symptoms a little too late. You don't see the starting point and you lose time to stop it from eventually getting worse. When describing the start of my mental downhill trip, I can never really say _when_ things started to change. Because I didn't pay attention to it. I didn't notice until I was at a very fragile state. It could have started when I was 9, but I noticed at 12. It could have started in the womb for what I know, but for me it will always be the disappointing answer of *"Not sure when it started. I noticed at 12 years old."*

My 12 year old self being exhausted from feeling so disasociated, alone and hated by each and every living cell in this world decided to put a stop to it. Not in the way you'd think a 12 year old would do. I didn't ask for advice from anyone, or try to reach out. I knew I couldn't. Many factors in life affect your mental state, and the fact that I didn't have any friends and had a bad relationship with my family made me feel miserable and extremely lost. At the age of twelve I attempted suicide for the first time.

For the sake of myself and all of you, I'm not going into detail. Let's just say I (obviously) didn't succeed, didn't get the help I needed and was left feeling guilty about my mental state. As if it was my fault. 
 
I told myself, *Hey, first time failed, I'll try again, alright?* And so I did, just a day after my first attempt. Again, didn't succeed. I was so disappointed. I'd never wish the way I felt when waking up and realizing I'm not dead upon anyone. I knew there wasn't a place for me in this world of living, but it started to seem to me as if there wasn't one in the world of dead either. It was terrifying. I was anxious and miserable and so tired.

Third time has to work, I told myself. These three attempts happened in the time span of one week. I'm sure many must be confused as to how come no one acted when I attempted? Did no one notice? _How_ was it possible no one'd notice? To answer simply and truthfully, I don't know how. It must have been pure ignorance. I'm not going to put blame on anybody. I won't say who should have done what because it's not my place to judge. But even without the slightest doubt I can say people around me did me wrong. I was let down by them, all of them. A kid should never find themselves in that situation, ever.

Surviving a suicide attempt damages you forever. In my personal opinion it's way different than surviving a car crash or any sudden unplanned, possibly deadly, accident. You do this to yourself. You go into this with your mind freed, your thoughts said and most importantly, *you go into this knowing and hoping you're going to die. Knowing this is it. I'm going to be gone in a few.* 

The mental preparation for suicide is something undescribable. Of course everyone feels different. But I can assure you that every single person who's about to take their own life feels some sort of peace, even if it's just for a little moment. And that feeling of peace and calm is key when it comes to suicide. That's when you know you're ready. People who back out of comitting don't feel that essential peace. (Thankgod.)

At the very edge between 13-14 years old I felt it again. I wanted this hell of a life to be over. And I was hoping that whatever happens, this time I make it into the world of dead. This time I went all in. This attempt left me with permanent damage (obviously mental damage, but also physical and neurological). Gaining conciousness, I knew I was fucked. Because this time, I was getting help at the time of my attempt. I was on a good path. I got a doctor when I was 13, got medication, was doing multiple therapies and was receiving help. 

I was being monitored everywhere. All my doctors, hospitals, parents, school. This attempt was going to cause me a lot of trouble. And it did. 

I was 13-14 when I was first accepted into a psychiatric award. Let me tell you, not a pleasant experience. At all. At that point I tried to take my own life 4 times. And let me tell you, I was getting desperate.

My family isn't very religious and I myself don't believe in God. But I started praying. I started praying to whoever the fuck is up there to finally stop playing with me and take me up there. I was exhausted and done. Many people tried telling me it's a sign from God. He's telling me it's not my time yet, he wants me here and all that nonsense. Don't get me wrong, I'm well aware we're all here for a reason. I know we all have a purpose. I understood that. Of course God or whoever the fuck didn't want me to die. 

What they didn't understand was that I didn't care about my purpose anymore. I knew I had one. I still know I have one. I just couldn't care less about it. If the only reason for me to stay alive is to serve my purpose to this stupid world then kindly fuck off. Faith is having a reason. I didn't have faith, because I didn't have a reason. Not a reason to exist, but a reason to care.

Me, 14 years old. November 18th 2019, my most recent and most fatal suicide attempt. I was fucked at that point. I just wanted this to be over. I begged that dickwad up there to finally let me go. I failed again. It hurt the most. Because this time, I was actually saved. Saved by somebody else. 

I remember that day like no other. I probably always will. I remember what I wore and what I ate. I remember what I told people. I remember the last people I'd see before death. I remember faces of people who saved me. At least they thought they did. What they did was push me away from my safety. From my peace and my happiness.

 I hated them for it. I didn't know those people and they still managed to somehow care about my bussiness. Then I stopped hating them. I started hating God. I hated him for watching me suffer and enjoying it so much. For not helping me even though he could. And then I stopped hating God. I started hating myself (even more) instead. For being so selfish and for ruining their perfect innocent day. For making that fucker up there so busy saving my ass all the time. 

The title says 'Not getting the hint' refering to the 'surviving so many times because God wants you here and you have a purpose but me still trying to die anyway'. 

So I just hope that soul, the boss of us all, up there is happy. Hope my life becomes their favorite show. And I hope he understands me someday.