I'm Tired Of Being StuckI am a 19 year old Trinidadian living in Malton, Ontario (Just hope someone I know can understand this).

I hate being stuck, I was dealt a terrible life along with the notion "Oh you can rise above it" and all that bullshit, right now I am a business major who is currently running and co-running two separate businesses that are faltering. 

I hate that I can lay in my bed for hours and not take action, I hate that I have so much to say, do, change and advocate but I just can not get it done. It takes me weeks to work up strength to clean my room, get around to try to beat a video game or even work out all together.

I wasn't always like this, I was the most happiest when I had my mom around the only person who I really ever loved and trusted before I lost her to cancel. Sometimes it's hard to breathe, I just feel there is a beast inside me that wants me to do it, left with a abusive dad does not help anything.

I had a great core group of friends in high school but nowadays people are getting into relationships and just growing apart, Covid-19 accelerated my separation with friends and family. I just hate how I can't be with my friends how I used to be, we do not share that bond anymore and it's so hard to fix. I saved two separate people from killing themselves, I guess I keep trying to find the person that was there for people, but that same person for me.

I hate being lonely, my last real relationship was years ago and I never felt true love ever since I had my fair share of good dates but I can't really find someone who understands me. Now I am trying my luck at online dating apps searching for someone who can understand me, but it is all superficial.

I wanna make money, maybe have a house and a meaningful relationship one day, but I can't get up and make use of my day at all not even to play video games.

I hate how I don't have anyone to confide in, I hate that I can't use this time now to better myself, I keep trying to summon the strength into me but I can't just get my engine started.

I feel like I am not strong enough to move myself further or end myself, I just feel stuck and I really wish someone can understand or give me a helping hand in my life but no one in my life will ever understand how I am feeling.

Please forgive me if this is not my last post or if it is.