The endWhat matters anymore? I’m depressed, sad and empty. I don’t feel whole anymore and everyday it gets harder and harder to hold my chin up and lie to the world that I’m okay, that everything will be fine. It isn’t okay. Everyday is hard. Simply being alive is hard.

As I lay next to my boyfriend, at complete opposite ends of the bed, I realize that I am truly alone. If he doesn’t care then who cares? No one. 

This is going going go be a long post so feel free to leave. It’s mostly just a place for me to vent and to say my final words. Not really a message to anyone. If you did read it, thank you. It’s comforting in an odd way to have someone understand and know how I feel. 

I was brought into this world to a teenaged girl and her barely boyfriend 24 years ago. Sure they kept me but they weren’t the parents a child longs for. Parents who offer love, nuture and care. That didn’t exist. I was beat almost daily by my mom. She would tell me “I wish you were dead”, “I should’ve of aborted you”, “You ruined my life”, “You’re ugly and fat”. I remember her throwing me down and stomping on me and then choking me with her bare hands. My dad turned a blind eye. I thought he was the good guy for a long time but I realized that a good parent wouldn’t let that abuse continue. The abuse stopped when I moved out of my parents to my grandparents house. I lived with my grandparents on and off but didn’t fully move until after grade 9. 

I always felt like a mere guest at my grandparents. Living with amongst my aunts and uncles was different at first, calming since I didn’t get beat up but I soon realized that I felt even more lonelier. As I entered grade 10 in high school I would visit my friends house and see how loving their family was. I would wish that my friend’s parents would adopt me so that I can be basked in the same affection and love just like her. I didn’t know what it felt it so I craved it. My aunt would tell me that other people had it worse, that I shouldn’t be upset about my living conditions. It was not comforting and made my me feel guilty for just feeling the way I felt. 

Fast forward a couple of years and I find myself moving back with my parents and my younger brother. My relationship with my mother took a different turn and she asked me if I wanted to move in with them in a rented house. Wanting to give her and my dad a chance and wanting to find my own definition of a “happy family” once more, I reluctantly obliged. Everything was great for a couple of months. I was really happy. My mom and I would do our nails together, go shopping and my dad was nice to me too. My dad and I would go on for drives talking about business and what it meant to be successful. It felt like I had parents, had mentors. Although my relationship with my parents improved, theirs was flawed. I would hear them fight constantly. I ignored it. 

Things don’t instantly change, old habits still remain. We move to a bigger house, an hour away from our old home. I’m in university and quit my old job because of the distance. My dad doesn’t come home from work that much, since it’s far. He says he’a staying at a friend’s house. Shortly after, I learn my dad is having an affair with my mom by my aunt and grandma. My dad brought his mistress to them and told them how in love he was with her and that he planned to tell my mom that he was leaving her. My mom had no idea at all and I broke the news to her because I wanted her to be prepared. I wanted her to be strong and learn how to begin to live without my dad. I pick her up from work at 1am in the morning. I tell her everything and we both cry while I drive her home. I tell her that she needs to be strong, I tell her that I will help her. She nods her head and understands. 

She tells my dad one day that she knows everything and thats when things change for the worst. They get in a huge fight but remain together, trying to make it work. It doesn’t work. They fight everyday and he threatens to leave, but he is the sole provider of the house, cars and assets. He promises my mom that he will continue to take care of her after he leaves. He doesn’t. Mistress gets mad that my dad is paying for the bills still and he cuts us off. He just pays the rent, but we don’t have money for food or anything else. My mom works minimum wage to try to upkeep everything. I was in school at the time and was depleting my savings on gas money to pick up my mom from work at odd hours at the next city over. I am mentally and physically stressed and depressed. I gain about 25 pounds. My dad takes my money, all of my savings. 

Albeit what happened, my mom and dad try to be neutral to each other under the circumstances. It’s family day and we decide to celebrate. Boston pizza for a family whose not quite a family. We order salad but it’s the type that has nasty sweet dressing on the side. My mom plans to put it all over the salad but I tell her not to. Like a switch, she slaps me hard across the face in a public restaurant and tells me to stop ordering her around and trying to control her life. She then proceeds to tell me to “Pack my bags and get the fuck out of the house and never come back”. I silently cry while my brother and dad, ignoring everything eat their food in silence. The waiter asks if we need anything but we don’t. I text my dad “Why aren’t you doing anything?” and he replies “You know. It’s mom”. That was the first time she hit me in years and that was the first time he didn’t intervene in years. Habits don’t die.

I go home and pack my bags, boxes and furniture. I call my aunt and ask her if I can move back to grandmas. She agrees without hesitation. I quickly begin to move out over the week. I cannot live in a toxic household no longer. Later on I learn that my mom flipped out because she blames me for ruining her relationship with my dad... by telling her about it.  She believes I ruined her life. Maybe it’s true.

I moved in with my grandparents, aunts and uncles yet again.... I get in a relationship with my boyfriend who they don’t accept. Everyday they tell me that he’s not right for me and I feel severely isolated because of their judgements. It wasn’t true because my boyfriend loved me so much and I loved him. I move out of that household because of the toxicity of being shunned and to be with the one I truly love and care about.

 I thought things would be better, but my boyfriend and I constantly fought in the beginning. We still fight to this day. I feel really bad for him because I put him in a position where he was forced to let me into his household. He loves me but I don’t think he loves me the same way as he used to. He’s no longer affectionate or passionate. It makes me really sad. I want to free him of this burden but coronavirus keeps us in quarantine. 

With every fight we have, I can see that we grow more apart. The more apart we are, the lonelier I get. I believe that most of the fights are the fault of myself. I feel bad, I feel really bad. I don’t have anyone else to cry to, to talk to. I feel like the life that I have is not worth living no longer. How can I live like this when it feels like no one truly loves me? I want to free everyone of this burden. I want to go far away, I want to go peacefully.

Suicide clouds my mind these days. I know it’s not the right thing to do but my mind always comes back to it. I find myself inexplicably searching up subreddits related to suicide and depression, forums that teach you about how to kill yourself, and how to tie a slip knot. I’m at the edge hanging and my fingers are slipping. My heart feels numb as I cry. The cuts on my thighs and arms are just a reminder of how weak I am for not being able to go through with this. I’m so pathetic I make myself laugh.

If I’m brave enough to go through with the motions, then I should be gone by the end of the next day. If not... I plan to delete this and live out my pathetic life like Oyasumi Pun Pun.

To Troy: 
I thank you for everything...really. I know that things aren’t quite the same anymore but you really brought happiness back into my life. You made me fall in love for the first time and want to look forward to things. We went through a lot together and I know you sacrificed your freedom to let me live with you. You take care of me and always make me smile and laugh. I really really wanted to see how our future would turn out to be. To see us grow successful within our jobs, to move to Vancouver and to get married and have kids (Alice and Hayden) and a cat if you let me. I love you so much that my heart hurts. I’m sorry for everything. Please don’t yell at me and don’t be mad at me anymore. My heart can’t take anymore pain. I love you, forever and a day...

To Tyler: 
I’m sorry that your older sister is leaving you like this. I was supposed to protect you and take care of you but I failed. I love you and I wish that you can finish high school, play basketball, have fun with your friends. I want you to be happy. You’re strong and smart but kind of shy. Learn to have more confident in yourself. Speak up more and don’t be afraid to tell people how you’re feeling. You also went through a lot so be strong and remember we all care for you. 

To Kim: 
Thank you for being the one to reach out to me from time to time. I always felt like I could be more vulnerable to you. Even when you’re criticizing my actions, I know you do it because you care. I love you like my sister. 


To Grandma:
Thank you for taking me in when I was a kid and raising me. I know we butt heads a lot but I’m happy that you cared for me when my parents didn’t. I love you. Take care. 

To Mama Lu, Papa Lu, Yvonne and Scott:
Thank you for taking me into the household and treating me like family I always wanted. I hope you guys are always happy and successful. I love you all. 

Now it’s time for me to say goodbye. To the life that I lived out far too long, enduring every single day, I’m sorry but it’s time for me to tap out. I can no longer fight this battle. The end.