I have nothing to give.I have nothing to give. I have nothing to offer to the world. A waste of space and worthless would suffice as a description of me.
I'm not neccessarily suicidal, as I am too much of a pussy to inflinct physical harm upon myself intentionally, but I wish I would come down with a fatal disease or some kind of thing that would kill me and I wouldn't be able to do a damn thing about it. I feel like it would be better that way for my family. I know people always say, "You have your family to live for." and yes, I realize that. My mother, my father, and my brother are the only reasons why I get up in the morning.

Let us just start with my home life to begin. My mother is basically an agoraphobiac. She will not leave the house unless she's physically forced to and she takes her anti-anxiety pills that she gets from my grandma. She wouldn't even go to the goddamn doctor to get some goddamn anti-despressants. She also drinks way more than she should and that causes frequent arguements between her and my father. I admire him for putting up with it as long as he has. I feel like I missed out on a lot. I used to see girls hanging out or going shopping with their mothers and I would be sad because I knew she would never do that with me. All in all, I know my mother loves me. Another reason why I can't bring myself to kill myself is she specifically said to me, "If there is no you, there is no me." 
My dad is a hot head and will fight with me until he turns blue. He's the only person who has the ability to make me cry. 
My brother is the golden child. My grandparents constantly compare me to him and how he's so much better than I'll ever be. 
As for the rest of my family, they view me as that quiet girl and they hardly remember my name. 

And as every girl has felt in their life, I'm lonely. I have nothing to offer in the relation field. I'm not curvy, I'm fat. I don't have a pretty face and I also have pityriasis rosea which causes me to have itchy red circles all over my body. That's hot, right? To add salt to the wound, I don't have a good personality. At least a good majority of overweight women are funny. I couldn't tell a joke to save my life. My own dog doesn't even like me. 

I don't have some sort of hidden talent. I can't sing. I can't draw. I've tried to learn to do stuff, but I end up quitting an hour in because I have commitment issues. 

Waste of space. I have nothing to contribute to the world. 

TL;DR I'm a waste. Hit me with your car, please.