I feel like I’m overdue for my deathIm writing this at 5am because I can’t sleep with all these thoughts in my head. I’m 14 and I have always had depression. My mom has paranoia and I think I have it too, along with my dads depression. My whole life I’ve been depressed and I don’t remember a single time in my life where I was genuinely happy for more than a day. 

I just recently got out of a “toxic” relationship. He made me feel like a problem and every time I told him something negative about myself he would just tell me I was right and I need to fix it or he’ll leave me. We were dating for almost a year and when we broke up he was threatening me, saying that because I hurt him that he would get his brothers to come “fuck me up”. He still calls me a bitch on a daily basis. It’s been a little over a month since we broke up and I’ve tried to move on. There’s even a guy I like and he said he likes me back but I’ve had the feeling that I can’t trust him and I have no idea why.

I also have a serious problem with alcohol. I’ve been trying to get help with it but everyone passes it off as nothing. I’ve talked to three different therapists about it and they just tell my parents to lock it up. Not a single therapist I’ve talked to has ever tried to help me. They just take things away and don’t fix the mental part of the problem.

When I was in 5th to 7th grade I had to deal with my 20 year old sister. Every time I came home she would start yelling at me and she would blame me for things I had no correlation with. She’s tried to kill me many times. I remember all the times where I had to run to my room and keep the door shut as long as possible because she would try to knock it down and stab me. She moved out last summer but I still have ptsd from that. The whole time I had to go trough that, nobody would listen to me and they would call me a liar.

I’ve been having nonstop suicidal thoughts for a couple weeks now and I have an intention to follow through with it. I’ve tried talking to as many therapists as possible but all they tell me is “that’s too bad, wish I could help”. I really feel hopeless and I feel like I’m slowly loosing my mind. 

Yesterday I got my phone taken away during school and it sent me into the worst panic attack in my life. All my friends saw me and nobody will talk to me anymore. everyone thought I was crying over my phone. It wasn’t for that reason at all. I don’t know why it happened but I was scared of my mom that she would take away my phone for a week or longer and on top of that, when I’m feeling suicidal I scroll through reddit and listen to music and it helps me talk myself out of it.

My mom made me talk to another therapist once she picked me up from school early. I ended up telling them about the pills I have stashed under my bed and about the whiskey I drink every other day whenever I need to relax. My mom took everything away from me and I can’t go back to school after what happened. I feel really stuck and I don’t want to be weak. I’ve been through worse things and I survived. I’ve never asked for help before because I believe in fixing your own problems yourself but I really need help. I feel so tired and I just want to end it all so I can finally calm down and relax. I’m tired of these constant threats of my sister moving back in, or people at my school trying to beat the shit out of me, and my mom taking away everything I own. I know things aren’t going to get better because I seriously can’t get rid of my depression. I really need help and I can’t go on.