I just stopped my girlfriend in the middle of suicide with a phone callI just don't know what to do...I'm shaking and bawling my eyes out, but she's over three hours away from me at college and is my girlfriend secretly, so I have nobody around her to contact and I can't tell anyone I know, since anyone finding out we're secretly would make everything that much worse for us both...She's always dealt really badly with depression and apparently the thought of me and me texting has stopped her before without me even knowing...But this time she said it was so she wouldn't have to make me sad anymore, which she doesn't...She's honestly the only thing keeping me happy. And likely will be for about two more years until I can leave this house. She's my only source of hope for a better future. I don't feel like I need any advice or help with all of it, especially since she's the kind who ends up much worse if people know or a therapist tries to help...But that was the scariest moment of my entire life...I just needed to say something to somebody about it...

For the record, most of the time we have a very sweet and happy relationship, but with common bouts of bad nights where we get out all of the shit happening in our lives and help each other with it in the end. The majority of the time we're even the "I never would have thought WE would be together, but absolutely everything is so perfect between us." kind of couple and have helped each other with many, MANY different kinds of issues we've never talked to anyone about. This night was different though...School's been going badly for her, and it's making everything around her worse...

(Just as I was typing this up she promised she would never do it again...Which is actually very very good. Promises have always been extremely important to her, and she's always been afraid of promising me that since she was worried it would happen anyway...She sounds like she's doing a lot better, but I'm going to be very careful and watchful for anything for a while...)

Thank you in advance for reading...I've just always had to keep this all private...I REALLY needed to get some of it out and tell someone this time...