Here’s my storyThis isn’t going to be organized in any real way - just sort of stream on conscious.

I’m 31 years old and I’m ready to die. I’ve been ready for a very long time. Over half my life at this point. I remember as early as 13 or 14 praying (back when I believed there was a god) to let my life end. Parents always told me things would get better, but it was a lie.

High school was terrible. I was openly made fun of on a daily basis. I sat alone at lunch every day. Was jumped and beaten on multiple occasions after school. Eventually this lead to cutting as a means of controlling the pain. When my parents found out, I was 16 and force into therapy, where I was diagnosed as bipolar.

College wasn’t any better. No friends. Just various medications and failing classes despite graduating high school with high honors. At 21 I attempted to kill my self through overdose. I took every pill in my apartment I could find, then went to sleep.

I woke up vomiting blood all over myself. I tried to get to the bathroom, but my legs gave out and I bashed my head in on my dresser, knocking myself back out. Next thing I know I’m in an ambulance. Apparently I crawled into the parking lot where someone found me and called 911.

One of my degrees is in psychology, so I knew the drill. They cuffed me to a bed and put some nurse on “suicide watch” for 8 hours. A nurse who just read a magazine and refused to speak or even look at me. When the psychologist got there, I of course said it was an accident, so they couldn’t force me into a mental hospital. However, they refused to let me leave on my own. Meaning I had to get my parents involved.

When they picked me up, there was no concern for my wellbeing, no “we will get through this” - only yelling and shaming. How could I dare to put them through this. I’m so selfish. What would everyone in town think of my parents if it got out I tried to kill myself. How bad would it look for them if I’d succeeded.

Regardless, I promised myself I wouldn’t try again until I was 30. Looking back I have no idea why. But I kept that promise anyway.

Now I live in a city with no friends or family within 500 miles. I work 10 hours a day driving Uber to make ends meet. I’m in serious debt with no way out. 

I have a sister who I have zero contact with (her choice). My father clearly thinks poorly of me and threatened to divorce my mother if she were to help me financially. My mother will check in via text every few weeks, and if I don’t answer that usually means the cops will be knocking on my door to make sure I’m safe.

By that I mean they will be kicking down my door, slamming me to the ground, cuffing me, and later forcing me into an ambulance as I’m “mentally unstable and potentially dangerous” despite having no criminal history and possessing no weapons. Then I get the 5-10 mile barefoot walk back to my apartment, because I don’t have a phone or wallet or even shoes during this “arrest but we can’t call it that” scenario, and a few more thousand dollars in medical bills that I don’t need.

So here I am. Punched through my computer monitor last night. Possibly broke my hand again - that’ll make 3 times in less than a year.

I’m just done with this life. I honestly can’t remember the last time I even had an “okay” day, not to mention one where I don’t just want to kill myself.

This life has nothing to offer me, and I want nothing to do with it any more.