Suicide has been in my thoughts for far too long. Help please.I am 25 year old male from Chicago.
I grew up with a divorced parents since I was 7 years old. I have a younger brother who is 5 years younger than me. My parents had us split up to avoid paying each other money. I grew up with my father so it was just me and dad untill I was 20 when then he got arrested for molesting children in secret (now rots in prison). Was not fully connected with my moms side of the family untill my dad getting arrested. Then lived with my mom for 2 years then drifited around went to iowa for a year came back moved in with my moms sister and moms mom for a year and half then moved on my own for half of a year couldnt handle it moved in with my moms brother for half of a year now on my own again and thats going alot better. Ever since I moved from Iowa till now suicide has slowly been planting its self in my head. I have a HUGE time meeting others and talking with people since I drifted around so much and went from job to job to job majority of my life I mostly stick in my room because of reality of saving money and affording to be on my own. I also grew a big issue with my teeth where majority of my teeth were all half gone from not taking good care of my teeth it became more and more of a issue the more time went pass so for 3 years I started dealing with infections and loosing teeth and infections and living on antibotics (yes I know I put my self in that problem) for 3 years I tried and tried to get help that wouldnt cost me my life in money. After 3 hard years of pain and suffering of my problems we finally found a service called Dental dondational service which as of recently has helpped SO MUCH! This is not why im Suicidal. Ive became suicidal because of depression my teeth was a big factor and still is because Im missing teeth in front I have NO smile now im not a big guy let me tell you im a short 5"4 white guy who health wise like hygeine I take very good care of my self I bathe and eat nicely. As of a year ago I started being very aggresive of my mouth hygene so I clean my mouth. So since Im living on bare ends with jobs and have a hard time with people in real life I sit in my rooms and rot my life away. I feel life its usesless to keep going with this stress. I have struggled for the past 5 years to try to better myself to the point where I was comfortable and like living. I have to deal with stress about my dad I have to deal with stress about my teeth I have to worry about being alone because to female will give me a chance in hell because probly I have no money and I have bad teeth even tho I think as for looks Im not that bad looking. I have to deal with stress that this will cont over and over untill im 30-35-50-60-70 DEAD! I just want someone to talk to people to be with hang out with resulting to social media does not work at all dating sites are HORRIBLE Facebook is filled with selfish people who only post things to get likes. I also dont drink or do drugs or smoke cigerettes so going to bars is pointless for me and costly in Chicago. I really just want a friend someone I can really talk to and enjoy spending time with. I think a nice friendship is nice to have in life. I ligetmitly have NONE. Of course I know people but I dont hang out with them because 95% live far away. other 5% that live in Chicago dont really care to hang out. Im tried of living in the dark and thinking this way I just want out of my room out of this life and Im posting on reddit because it seems most people come on here and read things. 