I hit rock bottom, againI hit rock bottom big time.  I have absolutely nothing.  I am surviving on the goodwill of others.  I made sure to keep a firearm to kill myself with in this event.  Instead I chose to sell it to a licensed dealer and use the money to try to relax and get my shit together again.  I have been suicidal for so long.  It is so incredibly easy to choose to give in and give up.  It is so insanely easy to let others tell you how to be happy, take this or that pill or drug to fix the hurt or hollowness.  It is so easy to just lay down and let the world run you over.

But it's hard to succeed and start over, it is harder to be strong when inside you are so close to falling apart under the pressure of your own thoughts and past.  But there is no reward without risk, and the one thing you need is love, even if it isn't there now.  Hope for something better, think about how hard everyone has it, and how good it will make you feel to help others in any way whatsoever you can.  And it starts to get better.  It will get bad again.  It will get better again.  It will go up and down, there are no highs without lows in life.  

I wanted to put this post here not to glamorize or martyr myself for being so horribly disadvantaged and forgotten.  I wanted to put this here for others to know that they're not at their end yet, and that things will be better as soon as they let them be.  Smell the roses.  Look at the stars, learn, read, talk, enjoy little things, build from there, and take it one day at a time.

I feel very different not having a tool to end my life any more that I held on to for so long.  I feel robbed.  I feel robbed by myself.  And I feel better for it.  Like there isn't an easy "quit" button hiding in the closet for me.  Instead there's a huge outside world full of different possibilities and experiences and conversations, music, food, pleasures and pains.  I don't know if I am truly religious.  I don't think I truly am to be quite honest.  I don't think for sure there is an afterlife.  That makes the time you have now, good or bad, that much more valuable.  If you take that in mind, and then add religion, it's a cherry on top.  To each their own, and don't ever let someone else take away your self worth.  You set your own bar, whether it be low or high, you are cool in someones eyes, you are looked up to by someone, and you are important to people.  Others hurt.  One of the things that kept me going is knowing that others are struggling too but are not as capable at culminating negative thoughts, though they are tormented.  If they see others give in and give up, it very much so hurts them and scares them.  It causes a huge ripple effect.

Life is important in that it is an experience.  The contrasts bind us and I've learned the most depressed of us are the most caring toward others.  Friends new and old can and will make things better even when you're telling yourself you have too many or too little.  I won't brainwash you.  Just remember, be good to others and try to be good to yourself.  The rest falls into place if you let it.  Enjoy the ride, remember to laugh, and you might get a little further in the direction you would prefer to see yourself in.