I think I need help.TL;DR If I don't get help, when I'm 14 ( currently just turned 13 ) I will kill myself to be with my "Imaginary" friends. Plus I was fucking raped.

&amp;#x200B;

I don't know how to put a part two link, but I will make multiple parts, because I need to vent. 

&amp;#x200B;

I'm going to sum this up...maybe. I'm kinda having a panic attack while typing. Ok so I have gotten really "addicted" to daydreaming, and recently I've started to hallucinate. So, I've made my own world  ( not connected to this one ) with different friends, and I've started to see them. I've been doing this for as long as I can remember. It pains me to write this, because I really want this to be real, it's all so perfect, but It's not. I'm going to finish writing this then go back to day dreaming. But I really need help. 

I don't know if it helps, but when I was 3-6 ( I cant remember ), I was raped by a family member multiple times. Consequently, I can't at all remember anything before that. My earliest memory is being raped. that's fucked. No one knows except me and my "imaginary" friends. The one who raped my (Grandfather on my fathers side) comes over only for family gatherings, but I make sure not to leave my little brother ( 8 ) or my 6 pets alone with him. or my "Imaginary" friends for that matter. like they are fake, because even if you cant hear or see them, I can. They're real to me. I feel like I'm betraying them by doing this. I can elaborate on my friends later, which I may use this account to do, but I will be talking like they're real, because they are. I think. 

I don't know if it helps, but when I was 3-6 ( I cant remember ), I was raped by a family member mulriple times. Consequently, I can't at all remember anything before that. My earliest memory is being raped. that's fucked. No one knows except me and my "imaginary" friends. The one who raped me ( Grandfather on my fathers side ) comes over only for family gatherings, but I make sure not to leave my little brother, ( 8 years old ) or my 6 pets alone with him. Or my "imaginary" friends for that matter. 

I can't believe I fucking typed that.

I've never told anyone. It's not even like a "Oh, boohoo, poor me, no one will understand, I'm so depressed now." kinda thing. Like if I could go back in time, my first goal probably wouldn't be to make sure I wasn't raped, because, although it was horrible and hurt A LOT, I've blocked most of it out enough that it feels like a weird fever dream. 

I think instead of making me sensitive or whatever, being raped just fucked me up. 

I'm not even the most mad at him for raping me, I'm mad at him for having my sweet Abuelita as his wife. I don't want to put a burden on her by turning him in. 

I cant believe I'm telling this to strangers and not my family. Fuck. 

It's ridiculous how much I depend on youtubers and online authors for my sanity.

I'm going to fix the grammar on this, then post it. 

I honestly hope someone I know reads this and tells. Please. This is a cry for fucking help.

Mara, you said you would make a reddit and find me. I don't know if you did, but if your reading this, my grandfather is still alive. Please tell the teachers and get me help. Please. I can't do it myself. 

Fucking Gabriel, if your reading this, I don't give a shit anymore just call the fucking cops before I snap and do something. 

I don't want to die yet, but I don't know how long I can hold out for. 

I don't wanna die.

Someone help me please.