I have no idea how to deal with the guilt of the mistake I made; what should I do?I was talking to a girl whose cleavage was a bit exposed (and I am NOT criticizing her or her right to dress like this) and as we were speaking, my eyes sort of drifted down to the area between her neck and her breasts, for maybe a bit longer then they should have.

As we were taking, she covered her shirt up a little, then my eyes immediately moved back up to her eyes and stayed there. She didn’t explicitly say anything (of course, this could’ve been because it wouldn’t have been worth her trouble), we continued to talk afterwards, and she didn’t appear hostile, but I couldn’t help but feel that I might’ve made her uncomfortable. I genuinely feel terrible and contrite about what I did.

I initially considered what I did to be a disrespectful and embarrassing faux pas, and something from which I should learn to refrain from such behavior in the future. Yet for whatever reason I began to dwell uncontrollably on what I did, and with each instance of contemplation my perception of my action worsened.

I should preface by explaining that in the past I've had tics that compel me to do things I otherwise shouldn't do. One such example consists of looking at my feet a total of four glances while I'm driving, precisely because I know I'm not supposed to. Similarly, when swimming underwater, I feel compelled often to open my mouth and let water in four times, as I know that it would be best not to do so. These tics may seem trivial, but they have been natural for me for a long time.

Such tics have been a part of my life for as long as I can remember. I say this not to convey that these tics have made my life unbearable—they have not; rather, my purpose is to explain that these tics have become normalized for me. I’ve always suspected there may be an attention deficit component to these tics.

When I was young, I developed a similar tic-like habit whereby I would look at private parts. This eventually developed into something where I knew I wasn’t supposed to do something, but precisely because of this I felt compelled to do it anyway. I don't know why this tic in general developed. Was it due to the frequent thoughts about sex I had when I was 6/7? Was it due to innocuous portrayals of such behavior in movies/TV? I’d feel the need to steal glances at a private area a total of four times, in general. This urge has been there not just with women’s décolletage, but also with mens’ crotches at times, or women’s legs. This is especially true when I’m engaged in conversation with someone. This urge-driven tic wouldn’t necessarily always be there in every single interaction, but through some interactions it would be there.

It’s not that I deliberately try to leer or to make people uncomfortable. I don't openly stare, for instance, at a woman's chest for 10 seconds with wide eyes while drooling. I've never made comments, or touched, or tried to take up someone's personal space. I’m not trying to prey on people, or to try to impose myself on them sexually. For whatever reason, it's like when talking to a woman for extended time, it's hard for me to keep still in general. My eyes wander haphazardly, and combined with this tic, this happens.

And yet my reasons should not matter as much as the effects of what I did to her. She covered her shirt, and odds are good I made her feel uncomfortable. In the moment, I ascribed what happened here to my tic, and judged that I had been rude and disrespectful at worst, and that if I learned from this, I could move on. But over time, my dwelling in this became far worse. She'd continued talking to me during that conversation, and she wasn't hostile, true. But what was she not showing me? How can I be sure exactly how bad I made her feel? Maybe I ruined her day. Maybe I ruined her whole week. Maybe I made her feel less of herself. Maybe I've affected her life immutably. Are these exaggerations? Am I obsessing over this to an unreasonable degree, or are these possible, reasonable ramifications of what I did?

Furthermore, I began to fear that maybe, whilst I'd believed that I was never openly leering/ogling at people, what if I'd been wrong ever since I'd developed this tic? How many countless women could I have potentially made uncomfortable? No one has ever prior indicated that my presence made them uncomfortable. I've never been reported for anything even remotely minor. And yet I feel I can't be sure. I remember now just one other instance, from when I was younger, when a girl at school covered her shirt while I was talking to her. This is the only other time covering shirt had occurred. Was this due to my tic too?

As I read stories of people like Morgan Freeman, Bill O'Rielly and their workplace sexual transgressions, I see small, maybe if only tangential, similarities between what they did and what I did. Men like this have commented in women's figures in the workplace, touched their skirts, asked them how they 'feel about sexual harassment.' These transgressions seem to me patently wrong and inexcusable. And yet another thing they've been accused of is leering women up and down. Coupled with their other systematic patterns of behavior, it seems as though this leering should be construed as further attempts to make women uncomfortable in the workplace. And although I've never been party to these other types of behavior, I can't help but feel peripherally associate with these men.

Ultimately, I cannot ascertain for certain to what extent my actions in this instance stemmed from normalized tics, and to what extent it arose from subconscious irreverence for her person. I have little doubt that what I did stamp largely from a dependence on my normalized tics. Yet if I submitted to this tic, is this not the same as being irreverent to her person? Maybe I am no better than a Morgan Freeman/Bill O'Rielly.

I've been hoping that the fact that she may not have even noticed, or likely forgot about what happened soon thereafter, may mean that I should get to move on if I promise to do better. But why not take this logic to completion? If a man rapes a woman, and she was too drunk or incapacitated to remember it, does this make him any less of a rapist? By the same logic, would her forgetting this make me any less of a harasser? Of a predator? I understand that to conflate rape with looking at cleavage would be disingenuous at best and malicious at worst—that's not my purpose. My purpose is to test this line of logic.

I cannot live with myself thinking of myself as a sexual harasser. This label has been weighing on me for months at this point. I can't eat properly, and can't get assignments done, I'm hardly sleeping. Sound funny, or facetious? I'm being genuine. I am deeply sorry for what I did, and I understand now not only that what I did was wrong, but also why it was wrong. I am cognizant now of how differently women can perceive objectification, and that, even if my tics become difficult to resist, this is no excuse at all for disrespecting someone else's person. But I can't go on thinking of myself as a sexual harasser. I just can't.

There are only two ways in which I could deviate from this course of action, either by rationalizing my actions or by and living with myself that way, or by accepting what I did, which would—even if only slightly peripherally—place me in a category of individuals with whom I am unequivocally unwilling to be associated. To commit to the former path would be to lead my life with unconscionable dishonesty; the latter, to undergo such a radical change in self-perception for which I have not the strength.

There is no impartial mediator to help me guide my thoughts. I had one feminist friend who told me that I'm overreacting. Yet I'm confident that there would be other people who would say I'm not overreacting. But if one person thinks I'm a sexual harasser, there must be legitimacy to that, yes? If I'm even .5% associated with a group of people including Freeman, O'Rielly, Ansari, etc. I can't live right myself.

I have virtually no concern with being potentially reported for sexual harassment. This isn't about that. It's about how I see myself. Judge me as you wish.