I'm not a very good friend, and have hurt the only person who ever cared about meLast November was not a good one. I was probably hurt more than I ever been in my life. I had nothing to live for anymore. Entering December I pretty much just let go of myself and didn't care about myself anymore. Pretty early into December (about the 7th) I found a discord server meant for teens to hangout. I don't know what I expected but I found someone who was really nice. For this story I'm going to call her Ashley. She was very nice. Not even a day went by and we were already talking like good friends. I shared my problems with her and vented sometimes. We constantly asked eachother questions about each other's days. We talked nonstop. I became dependent on her. About a week in of meeting her she started sharing her problems saying she wanted to die. I told her she was the only one I had left, because even though I'm sure she didn't believe it, she was. One day she was talking about killing herself again and I repeated how she was the only one I have left. She said it will be ok and stopped responding. I found out she overdosed. I was heartbroken, badly. I thought that despite me trying to help her my love wasn't enough to keep her going. After this, things started getting worse. She started talking more about suicide, insulting herself, disappearing and what not. It was very upsetting to me to think the only person I've ever really had is going to dissapear on me. I looked forward to talking to her every day and felt she was the only reason I'm alive. To help her. She helped me when I met her. If it wasn't for her I would be dead right now unless my attempt went bad. Well anyways after a few hard weeks she started acting happier again. It made me happy to see she was ok. Or at least I thought. She recently told me she was upset and when I asked her why, she avoided the question. Completely ignored it. I asked again and she ignored it again. I was angry. Idk what she was talking about but I ignored her and told her goodnight. I was upset. About 5 minutes before that we were talking about being open with eachother, and she told me she would try to open, and now she is deciding to keep it all in. I tried to apologize since I knew it was a dickhead move. She said it's ok and that I wasn't rude. I was upset. I just want to help her. She desperately needs it. When I woke up today i saw somethings that weren't meant for me. I read through what it was, and it made it clear I wasn't being a good friend. I feel so upset. I wish they can just open up to me, because deep inside I want to help them. I don't even know why I'm ranting. I'm just so upset, I want to overdose, and hope it's all over. I told them that I'd live for them. They say that they will live for me to, but after everything I've seen and known I'm starting to doubt it. I wish we could meet. We only live about 50 minutes away, but idk how I'm going to convince my mom or dad to drive me that far to meet someone. They will probably say something like "it can be a rapist, or child molester" when it shouldn't matter to them, they've never cared about me. Tbh sometimes I just want to steal my mom's car and drive there. I want to run away from my abusive family. They are horrible. I leave for a week and when I come back home they tell me how better it was without me. They say without me my mom is actually happy. If I run away it will just cause to much problems. Suicide feels like the only way to take care of it. I have so much education problems to. I'm homeschooled and its not fun. I wish I can talk to people and have a friend irl, but instead I stay home all day feeling miserable listening to my mom scream at me all day of how I'm useless and lazy, and stupid. Then my siblings come home from school just to copy her words and insult me. Idk what to do with my life. I'm just not sure why I'm even ranting. I doubt anything can fix me. I'm just spitting whatevers at the top of my head. I just want Ashley back. Shes my everything. I wish she would believe me when I tell her how much I love her, and how much I care, and how much she means to me. She avoids telling me her problems in fear of losing me, from what multiple friends have told me. But I feel if anything her keeping it all in will be what breaks the relationship. She is such a good friend and despite all my problems makes me feel happy for once. I guess the only help I really want is finding out how I can get her back. But well that was my rant. Sorry for making it really long.