CyclesFuck it, no throwaway.

Where do I begin? With what I'm currently doing, I suppose...

I'm 15, and a sophomore in high school. I'm currently sitting in my room, listening to some Led Zeppelin and slowly browsing through this sub. Feeling a little down after trying so hard to think positive, but it's helping. Constantly thinking about my two groups of friends, who are getting along with each other more than I have with either of them in the past 3-4 years, and they just met each other last night. But the funny thing is, I'm happy with that. I'm content with just about everything right now. And it kinda frightens me because I'm all alone again.

Little about me... There's not really much to say. I'm a "gifted" child, even though most of the time I don't feel like it. I mope through my classes, trudge along through my day while thinking about nothing. Currently taking Honors/AP classes, and even then it feels like a huge weight is on my shoulders. Most of which is probably because I'm clinically depressed.

Don't just tell me to "get help," because I've tried that already. I hate being medicated, as it doesn't seem to help and just makes me feel even more "uppity" and not like the real me. Talking with a shrink is too impersonal to me, and I feel like shit for burdening my friends with my problems, even though I'm willing to take it from them. I don't cut, or drink, or do drugs, I just simply take it all in. I've never really been suicidal because I think it's a terrible way to go (permanent solution to a temporary problem, is what I've always said), but this seems like the only place where I can anonymously get help. 

 I have about 3-4 "close" friends, but in reality, I'm not really close with any of them. I just kinda revolve around them, pretty much feeding off of what attention they throw at me. At least my sense of humor helps in that regard.

Two of these friends I have talked out of suicide. They both still struggle with their coping mechanisms - one cutting, the other drinking. I used to talk with them regularly, but I tend to have 4-6 month periods where I just need to escape from everything. And the worst part is that I can't stand it because I know I should be out there helping them...

I also exhibit sociopathic tendencies, which is what I believe most of my problems stem off of. I've dealt with anxiety disorders for as long as I can remember, and basically dread any moment that I'm not doing something that I like. I never really "learn" things, moreso I just follow the behaviors of others and imitate them, often accepting that into my personality. I tend to "bottle up" my emotions until they overflow, often hurting people I love in the process; because of this, I've learned to hide my emotions until it really matters. And it fucking sucks because I'm aware that I do these things, and I hate myself for doing them. 

And then it just... Cycles. I keep doing these things because I don't know what else to do, and then I hate myself for doing them, but I can't change them, and on, and on, and on... 

For all of my life I've just wanted to be normal... Normal in the sense of "not sociopathic, not anxious all the time, and not a complete fuckup." I just want to escape from the things that cause me pain in life. And yet I'm too afraid to pull the fucking trigger because I care too much for the people around me, and how they'd react, because I know they care about me, but I don't care about myself, and... 

Fucking cycles, man.