I've made too many mistakes. I'm not meant for this world.Hey everyone,

I'm...not entirely sure if I want to commit suicide or not. Maybe just run away and disappear forever. I've done some pretty fucked up things and I hate myself for it. I feel like if anyone understood just how screwed up I am, they wouldn't love me and think of me as some kind of monster. I was homeschooled and autistic...so maybe that explains some things. I just didn't understand what things were socially acceptable.

This is all the shit I've done:

1. When I was like...12 or something, I touched my cat with my penis for like two seconds. I guess I didn't really know what I was doing, but the thought of it just makes me squirm now. 
2. Around the same age, there was this girl in a book club I was in at the library who was always kind of a jerk to me, even though she was like two or three years older. Like, I might make a joke and she would flip me off. I'd always try to get back at her by annoying her, which was probably a bad idea because I was very good at being an annoying little shit. Anyway, one time we were put on teams in a scavenger hunt in the library, and we were given cameras to take pictures of our clues. My camera had a little video feature on it which I thought was really cool, and I wanted to use it. This girl said I couldn't. So I started annoying her by pointing the camera at her and she got really, really, mad about that. I was just joking around and I wasn't even sure if it was recording--but I'm sure in her eyes she thought I was being a pervert. But I wasn't. I later apologized for the incident and she told me to shut up and that she'd never forgive me.
3. Then I had ANOTHER incident with that same girl. This time she was having a Skype call with someone on her tablet and I thought it would be funny to stick my hand in front of the webcam...and I ended up touching her hair instead. She freaked out and I tried to explain what I was doing but she didn't believe me. I ran into the bathroom and started crying. In hindsight I feel really bad for making her uncomfortable, even if that wasn't my intent. I'm also scared one day she's gonna come out and try to expose me as some kind of pervert...which she might be right about. I do feel like a monster.
4. When I was around 13 years old, I started dancing lessons and I danced with this other girl (unrelated to girl above) but since I was new to it I was really confused where to put my hands so I kept moving them across her back--it turned out that had made her uncomfortable as well. But I didn't want to make her uncomfortable! We had this kind of rivalry but now she's a lot nicer to me in the rare instances I meet her, and I've apologized for being really annoying to her when I was younger and she's okay with it. She didn't accept my friend request though. But either way, I still feel bad about it. Like maybe, deep down, there's some evil perverted part of myself that just wants to hurt people. 
5. I used my sister's old electric toothbrush to masturbate a few times. I didn't think she was using it anymore and I washed it afterwards but it's still pretty fucking disgusting.
6. When I was 17 I went to this weird homeschool prom and me and all my friends were posing for pictures. I stood behind this girl. She bumped into me once, so I made sure to stand perfectly still because I wasn't going to invade her privacy or whatnot. And then she bumped into me again...and some sick twisted part of me kinda liked it, but I asked her, "Uh, is it okay if I stand here?" She said it was fine. She eventually moved out of the way though. But I should've given her more space. And I feel bad about that.

Those aren't the only ways I've fucked up, but those are the major ones. There's a lot of times where I've made inappropriate jokes or comments to make people laugh, but I just end up making them uncomfortable. There's times where I've been incredibly self-absorbed and uncaring of other people's problems. I've had two suicide attempts; and both times I felt terrible afterwards because it really hurt my family.

I mean...I've tried to do the right thing though, a couple times. I had a neighbor that was a single mother of four, and I always made sure to shovel her long sidewalk in the dead of winter because well, it was the right thing to do. I one time chased down a runaway dog and prevented it from getting hit by a car in the street. I knew a girl over Discord who had been sexually assaulted and I tried to encourage her to at least tell someone about it (I don't think she did though). I've tried my hardest to be kind to others and not be an insufferable asshole, which I usually am. But all I can think about is how terrible I am.

I am a Christian and I know God has forgiven my sins, but I can't forgive myself. I feel like no one would love me if they knew about all the bad things I've done. I have told my Dad about my mistakes and he said he still loves me because I'm still his son and most of my errors are done out of sheer stupidity. But my own life kinda sucks right now: I'm stuck at a dead end job that makes me miserable, I can't find love even though I'm 20 years old now, I'm actually very depressed but I can't really talk about it to anyone without risking them worrying about me or thinking I'm an attention whore.  


For those of who bothered to read all of this...I apologize if it's too long. I just need someone to talk to, I guess. I know I'm a monster. I do hate myself. I just don't know what to do anymore.