Experienced ego death while already depressed and idk what to do anymoreI wanted to post this in ask reddit but it won’t let me and idk where else to post it so I’d u know a better place to post it lmk

Thank you in advance for any responses
So im 17 and I have been depressed since I was about 12 no major reason just deeply unhappy. 
I have tried acid a few times and loved it and last night I tried it again and it was probably the worst experience in my life, I experienced ego death "complete loss of subjective self-identity" I thought that when people experienced ego death they were “reborn” as “better” people but I don’t feel like that at all I just feel more depressed.
I have never believed in a god but I have always truly hoped there is one, I wanted one day for someone to explain everything to me and then I could live in eternal bliss, I also like the thought that family and friends who have passed are happy and at peace somewhere. With being alive I have always felt like I was just waiting for hopefully something in my brain to click and fix itself. My mind feels like a bunch of never ending thought loops trying to figure something out idk what or maybe idk why everyone else isn’t trying to figure it out too. And I have always hoped that one day I would make sense of the mess and feel happy but experiencing ego death was like someone just saying nah that’s it u were right life is just this, it is what it is. Like when I was experiencing ego death I just kept on saying and ? And ? And ? That’s it ? U have got to be fucking kidding me. Like wtf ? What the actual fuck. 

I could ramble on about that forever but I’ll guess I’ll just move onto the conclusion. Basically u live or you die right, if you die there could be a magical ending or there likely could just be absolutely nothing, which is completely fucking terrifying. If you live you either live a happy life or a sad one, you (I) either fix my mind set which seems very very very hard to do I’ve tried a few times lol ( this is sarcasm I’ve gone to therapy for years) or you don’t and live in misery until you off yourself. Yes I know there are good experiences in life but I feel like that’s something my brain hasn’t unlocked yet not that I haven’t experienced them but I haven’t experienced the long term happiness and life satisfaction ppl get from them. And the whole thing has made me feel incredibly more alone.

I guess I feel more clarity now but not in a good way. I don’t want to do one thing I don’t want to do again. There is no fucking point. Should I just do whatever the fuck I want until someone stops me or I die. Or I could go to more therapy and try and recover. Or just go into a mental hospital again rn so I have time to rest before I change my life, if I go into hospital it’s gonna be really hard to get any real help with out telling them about the ego death which will lead to my parents finding out about the acid and they will be pretty mad, but I don’t know how much I care anymore. 
So yeah idk what do lol I wish I believed in god. Should i book an appointment with my doctor or what ? 
If you read all of this ur a saint and I thank you from the bottom of my heart, if none of it makes sense I’m sorry I tried to explain it but not in too much detail. I’m also sorry for and grammar mistakes. 

TLDR I’m feeling big sad cause I always thought life was pretty miserable and now it seems way more miserable and Idk wether to go off the rails kill myself or go into the psych ward :/