I should have died MondayCW everything: sexual assault, drugs, car accidents, trauma, suicide attempt, eating disorder, self harm

On Monday evening, I took 30 propranolol 60s and I woke up the next morning. I didn't puke or anything. I felt fine the next morning other than my heart fluttering a little bit. It's fine now. 

But I'm so angry I didn't die. I have made suicide attempts and gestures before, but this was the most serious. I don't understand why I am still alive.

I had so much potential as a kid. I was smart (precocious even), talented musically and with words. I was also a weird kid. I became obsessed with things easily and I was very intense. My parents called me the barometer of the house (because my emotions would swing to fit the mood of others - I was that attuned to emotions). 

A lot of shit has happened and I don't remember most of it, but here's a list of what I do remember (at least that it happened)
- witnessed a horrible car accident when i was 10 that I feel like I could have prevented
- bullied in 7th and 8th grade
- sexually harrassed for 6 months in 7th grade
- sexually assaulted freshman year of college

My mother and I have a poor relationship. She has always been extremely strict on me and I have never felt that loved by her. She often expressed her shame and frustration with me growing up, and she encouraged my eating disorder.

Although I started engaging in disordered eating behaviors when I was 12 or 13, it did not reach a full blown ED until I was 18. I went to residential treatment for it twice. I'm doing much better now but as a result I have gained so much weight and I'm embarrassed and ashamed.

I was the other woman in a relationship when I was 19. I still feel extreme guilt about it. Also, I am a lesbian from a very religious household (my father, though kinder than my mother, is a religious figure).

Other things: I self-medicate quite often with whatever I can find. I do not have an addiction, thankfully, but I do not like being sober.

But now where I am now: I've let a lot of people down because of my behavior. I made some promises back in the spring when I was doing well that I haven't kept and I am so overwhelmed. To get what I need to get done with that will take days and days. I already have a decent job that I work 50+ hours a week for and it's a priority. I don't know how to do both when I'm feeling this shitty.

I almost failed out of college several times because when I get too overwhelmed, I shut down, procrastinate, and end up way behind. I graduated (barely) but I don't know how to deal with this constant anxiety and feeling and fear of failure (which usually ends with me actually failing because I can't get my shit together). I am doing well with work considering everything that is going on but I am doing horribly managing everything else.

I don't know how to do what I need to do to get my shit together now because I am at the point where I am dissociating constantly, I am paranoid, I am exhausted, I am on edge all the time, and I am convinced the smallest thing will push me over the edge. I believe I am a bad, toxic, and manipulative person. I just want to be good and I tried so hard and I'm not and I hate myself for it.

Also, no one knows what's wrong with me. I've been diagnosed with BPD, bipolar 2, OCD, ADHD, GAD, at different times (obviously I can't have all of them so idk what it is). This is in addition to my eating disorder.  A few practitioners have even suggested autism. Who even knows. I'm just a mess, I've made a mess out of my life, and I do not have the energy, capacity, or motivation to fix it.

I have an appointment with a new psychiatrist in a week or so but it's online and I doubt it will help much. I've been off my meds for 7-8 months which is probably contributing to this but also I've gotten really bad in the past month. 

My parents are aware I'm actively suicidal (I'm with them right now for the holidays) but they do not want me to even consider going to the psych ward. My mom will cut off any and all financial support if I do.

I am not sure I am meant to be alive and I'm angry, frustrated, and so so tired.