I can't go on anymore. I don't feel safe in my own home.Hello. My name is N and I'm 16, female. And I want to die so desperately. My parents and brother are all abusive. Today, I felt very sick and had to stay at home. My mom got very confrontational and yelled at me while almost forcing me to go to school and then my brother came in and grabbed me by  my wrists and twisted my arms. For some background, I come from a Chinese family and my parents basically own me and my decisions, especially about my future. I love photography, but my parents want me to become a surgeon or something. Any way, my mom yelled very abusive things to me and basically beat me down with her words while my brother went on a rampage through the house, ransacked my room, and flipped the kitchen table with food still on it. I threatened to call 911, but I didn't. I don't know why I didn't. I guess I'm just too afraid of everyone finding out (because to everyone we seem relatively normal, and none of my friends know) and I'm afraid of losing all that I'm used to. I got to stay at home though, and I rested for awhile. But then my dad came home, and heard the lies of my mom and brother. He is the most physically abusive of the family (my brother learns from him) and thus he slapped me on the face three times while I cried and begged him to stop. Sorry if this all is badly written, I'm just in a very bad emotional state now. He took away my phone (so that I can't call for help) and camera (which isn't really his anyway). I went downstairs after asked for those back nicely, but he started to threaten to hit me more and kill me. He yelled at me more. I feel very scared and I don't want to go to school tomorrow, but I feel that I have to. I'm also hesitant about calling 911 or any number for help, as I'm worried I'll be killed before I get any help. I don't feel like living any more. My school year hasn't started out well and I don't have any friends close enough to turn to. Everyone thinks of me as the perfect student...and I'm worried of what they'll think if I tell them about my home situation...I don't know. Again sorry if my writing is weird. I just wanted to let this all out. I'm really scared. 

Any ideas as to what I can do? I'm from Ontario, Canada by the way, so if there are any places I can go to or numbers I can call, please help me out. Thank you so much.