Filler title; I just need this somewhere.I’n only 17 years old and I’m already somehow so shitty of a person that I don’t even deserve to live at all.

I’ve spent probably the past year being bitter at my mother for her “flaws” as one throughout my life but now I’ve come to the saddening realization that I can’t even blame her. To not only have a child with a skin condition, but for it to be your very first child. All she was doing was making the best of a bad situation. She’s loving and has always treated her children with respect, yet I’ve only ever been a burden on her. Even stories about how I destroyed store property and a display as a toddler remind me of how she finally wouldn’t have to worry about bailing me out of instances I’m too old to be in. Or embarrassing her in front of her friends/boyfriends be it intentional or not. Or just the weird shit I do in general 

My grandmother was a bit more of an actual mother than my real mother. We were very close. If I or any of my siblings had anything we wanted or needed to talk about or just a shoulder to cry on she was always there. Even after my raising her blood pressure eventually to the stroke that killed her, abuse, and tantrums because she “wouldn’t stop staring at me” she was there. Near rising eighth grade summer I purchased over $300 worth of WiFi trials with my grandmother’s social security card (used to pay our bills) over the course of about a month and a half and I thought it was fucking justified because “they wouldn’t turn on their hostpots”. My mother in response sent me to live with my aunt as punishment. She allowed me to come back and I still disrespected them. My grandmother is lucky to already have been freed from me.

I’ve called my sister awful things and made fun of her for years for repeating a grade in elementary school despite it being nothing short of a miracle I’ve made it this far without failing one. The only time she’s EVER insulted me is if I insulted her first. I’m supposed to be the older sister they can confide in yet I did things like blackmail them on absolutely any slip-up.

The same deal with my first brother minus being retained. They both STILL keep in contact with me despite everything I’ve said and done to them.  

All of this is only the tip of the iceberg. 

My family has had to pay the price for my insecurities beyond correction and cowardice from confrontation of those who wronged me. The unprovoked outward insults and tantrums have only been converted into awful and untrue thoughts, silent judgment and looking down my nose as if I’m better under the guise of “maturing”. I have literally no idea of how to stop this. Even if I were to be forgiven explicitly, I would still be faced with my own reality.