I thought I had an idea what I wanted to do in life but now Im not sure anymore...depression is kicking in.This is a long post so I doubt many will read all of it. Just thinking about what my life as come to. Come to think to it, I cant even get a girl to sleep with me. Im 21 and a virgin. I go out sometimes, Im social,funny, average-looking? Maybe slightly above average? It depends on who you ask but Ive been called good-looking, cute, handsome, all those things so I would like to think that Im at least decent looking.

I actually went on a Tinder date a couple of days ago with this girl that I thought was really cute. I want to find someone like her in my life definitely. We clicked off right from the start. The signals were there that she was interested. I would constantly make her laugh/smile and she touchd my arm 2-3 times while in the process of laughing/smiling. I took her out, paid for her meal,  and walked around our local college campus to finish the night. I thought it was an awesome first date. That night, was the happiest Ive been in a long time. 

Unfortunately, I dont think its gonna work as shes only here for the summer and goes to college across the country. So I shouldnt be thinking too much into it. But I was happy. I just went on a second date with her today so I think thats a great step forward. We went a to coffee shop and walked around the same college campus again. Same thing though, I made her smile/laugh a lot but maybe thats just how she is. Repeatedly told her I had a good time and she agreed. She texted me later  saying she had a dream about me but said it wasnt sexy or anything but just wanted to let me know. Do you still consider that flirting? I cant tell anymore. She left for Ireland on Monday and is staying there for 10 days. She leaves to go back to college around September 15th. So theres plenty of time between to still plan dates and what not.  

But like I said, I shouldnt be emotionally invested because Im just not going to be able to see her at all especially when she is across country. At the end of the day when shes gone I'm just gonna be sad and depressed because I know I wont find anyone like her again in this god dam city. Im counting down the days when she gets back and then I'll count down the days when she goes back to college. Maybe not the best analogy but Im a ticking time bomb. When September 15th comes, I know for a fact that Im going to fall into a deep depression again until someone else falls into my life. 

Im in school right now, I have one more semester before I get my Associates and then transfer to get my Bachelors, maybe even pursue my  Masters. Im majoring in Business and have an idea what I wanna do with my degree. I have a 3.1 GPA right now, so thats encouraging but I dont know for how long I can keep it up. I wanna move to Pittsburgh and work for the Pirates. But realistically, will that ever fucking happen? How ridiculous do I fucking sound? Working for an MLB team? But thats the only thing I want to do though. I actually applied for a gameday security position, got called for an interview. Its seasonal and I would only be working 3-4 days a week depending on the schedule. But it would be a start I guess but its not ideal. 

So I missed the phone interview but I called back and basically said the job wouldnt work but I am definitely interested in a level-entry job to start a career later down the road once I finish school. All that goof stuff. Havent heard back. Im close to also getting my first job so I'll have an apartment real soon and hopefully be more independent. Honestly, I think Im set in life with my career path if it ever works out. But all Im missing is someone to share it with. I dont wanna be alone for the rest of my life. Im 21 and have been trying the dating game since the beginning of high school really. Ive come close to potential relationships but something always seems to go south.

Its ridiculous but sometimes I tell myself that when I get the money, I will buy a gun and kill myself. But I know that I will never have the guts to do that. But its just an "what if" thought. Just because I cant get a girlfriend. Despite all the rejections I have gone through, I still find the confidence in me to push forward and keep trying. But I dont know how much longer I can keep this up. If I finish college and move to a bigger city and dont find someone in a couple years, I may just kill myself for real. 

I get really down and depressed when a girl cancels on me because I feel as if thats her saying "im not interested anymore". I feel like Im not interesting enough or attractive enough for anyone. I think its the end of the world when I get rejected. I get attached way too easily but recently I think I have inproved on this. This is where my depression comes from: women, getting rejected constantly, and not being as good looking as my piers at least in my eyes. Im pretty sure Im bipolar also. I do a very good job at hiding my depression. And im gonna keep it that way. Im a very emotional person and cry/let my emotions out when Im usually very drunk but thats not as often  as I dont go to a party school anymore or binge drink. I take my time now when it comes to drinking.

I have dreams, dreams about being with a girl that I am happy with. Whether it be a previous crush or just an attractive girl that I have encountered in the past. These dreams occur almost nightly. They are more like nightmares really because I wake up from them feeling so miserable. They feel so fucking real. I wish they were real. I want to cry about my failures and my failures with women but I cant.

Thats my story I guess. Depressed because Im afraid that I will never find someone that I can consider myself mine. I feel like I have my priorities straight now but Im still missing a woman in my life. I dont wanna be alone for the rest of my life.

