I owe money, have very little self worth and I have two days to decide.Hello. It's as it reads. I'm a 31 year old woman, who six years ago was diagnosed with Bipolar II and ended up in an 18 month breakdown. I had to get signed off from work, had no money coming in, was absolutely losing my mind and spent money I didn't have as a terrible way of coping. 

I ended up sorting my stuff out eventually. I got a job working with children - low paying, but made me happier than I'd ever been - and started paying off what I owed, building self esteem, becoming bright and positive and happy again. I've been paying off the money to this day, or was until I lost my job last year due to sheer bad luck.

The rest of the time until now is mostly an obvious tale - lockdown meant jobs were impossible to find. Just before lockdown, my partner broke up with me and I went home to my parents, feeling crushed and useless and like I was worth so little - he did after a few days, however, decide he'd been completely wrong and we talked it out, I went back to him and - the bright spot in this whole mess - we've been more communicative and better than ever. He's supported me, generally and by paying all of the bills, and we've probably been happier together these past four months than we had been since the honeymoon period when we first got together. 

But, I still owe money. I'm thousands in debt from my past mistakes, and - worse - during my unemployment I had money I previously borrowed during employment need repaying, yet not the money to do it. My parents have lent me money in the past, but to hear that I'd once again got myself into this situation would disappoint them... and my self esteem can't take it. Same with my partner - he's already covering so much. I have let myself down, let them down.

It's been a hellish year.
I have zero self esteem.
I'll likely have bailiffs coming in the next few days because of a specific £300 that I owe. 
I have fucked up... again.
I've been a useless, unemployed human being for too long.
I cannot see what positives there are to me being here, when I just continue to be a disappointment.
I can't afford meds, when I should probably be in on them now more than ever.
I am full of this shitty self pity, but at the same time it's closer to absolute rage and fury that I cannot ever, ever, ever seem to be balanced and good and whole. I always do something, always fuck up something.

Anxiety and fear - and bad mental health generally - is consuming me. I cannot fathom seeing through a few more days with this, in the past it's led me to attempt suicide and I know it's only a matter of time before I try again.

Even knowing that I have a job come September, a job working with a little autistic boy at a school, isn't keeping me sane. That's September. That's months away. 

This year has been terrible for a lot of people - I know that, truly. I'm not the only one in financial hardship. I went over to the 'borrow' subreddit, thinking it was a last ditch attempt to cover at least the £300, but it requires more karma than I have. I don't give a damn about karma. It means... nothing to me. I don't want to have to farm hundreds of karma over the next day. I... feel out of options.

It is horrendous to me that I'm back here again, considering ending my life just so I don't have to disappoint myself, anyone else, anymore. It's despicable. It's weak.

But my brain is resolute. It doesn't want the sensible answers. It doesn't want to see logic. I can't take letting anyone else down, I just can't do it.

I'm so sorry.
For being this stupid, angry mess of a pity party.

It's absolutely pathetic.