I sexually assaulted someone and the guilt is too much to bare A few years ago I was intimate with this girl in the friend group. She wasn't mentally well and she did tell me previously. She explained to me that she didn't want anything to happen at the moment and I respected that, although we both still were intimate with each other.

One night we were hanging out with friends and the both of us were drinking. At some point in the night we were facing each other and that's when she pressed my face against her chest. She kissed me afterwards and I tried to french kiss her but she turned her head. She was laying forward in front of me on the bed and I was behind her. I placed my hands behind under her shirt and started playing with her breast. From what I saw she looked like she was enjoying it as she bit her hand and was breathing heavily. I continued this until I bit her ear and that's when she moved away for a bit. When we were going to sleep, I was laying behind her and I started playing with her breast again. I tried placing my hand in her pants twice and she rejected each one. She then got up and that's when I knew I fucked up. I laid on the opposite side of the bed when she came back.

After this a lot happened in the friend group and friends decided she was very inconsistent in her actions. They all cut her off as they considered her toxic and they still remain my friends to this day.

My friends tried telling me I didn't do anything wrong but I know what I did. I can't blame alcohol or the hornyness. I know I am responsible for the way she is now and its been eating me up ever since. I tried to apologize but that backfired and made things worse. She now despises me and fully hates me. I do feel the urge to make a formal apology but I know that isn't right. I can't force an apology and I can't expect her to forgive me. I stopped drinking for the first year because I felt like that was in some way a road to redemption. I don't know what to do now that it's been a a few years since it happened. I think about it all the time and I hate myself for it. For sometime I thought about suicide as the answer but I concluded it wasn't. I know she wants me dead and to rot away to this day and I can't blame her for it. I want to go back and make things right but I know I can't and will have to live with the consequences.