Chose to live, Got Clean, and Now Out of Options AgainI’ve never done anything like this before, but I just had to get my thoughts out somewhere. I’m 21 years old and I live in the United States. I have been out of high-school since I was 17, spent a semester away at college, got addicted to Klonopin and Xanax that I was prescribed, had to drop out because I couldn’t remember anything, spent three years in a daze and eventually got sent away to get help. Ended up in an incredibly abusive facility in Florida where girls were made to get in the middle of a circle and call themselves whores and other screwed up stuff based on the principle of Attack Therapy (where we will break you down and build you back up).  After I finally managed to get myself out of that hell-whole (after being threatened they would have me committed by saying I was suicidal) and got clean, I managed to start my life back up down there. Being a talented web application developer, I got a business up and running after a few months and got myself an apartment. Things were great until I made the mistake of moving in with some people who had the same problems as me and made one of them my business partner. Learned the real hard way that working with someone you live with is a bad idea, especially when they are psychotic and tripping on mescaline for days. After putting a gun in my mouth and deciding I had to give life once last chance, I flew back to my home-state, checked myself into a psych-ward after getting off the plane and got help again. That was August and since then, I’ve lived in various half-way houses, successfully went through an Intensive Outpatient Program which I completed (however, after getting stepped up to a once a week outpatient program I filed a grievance against my therapist who told me to go suck dick and that I would end up ass-raped in jail when I came out as gay to him and he was fired), then moved out of the half-way house, into an apartment and now back with my family. Now, months later, my attorney is getting letters from my ex-roommate in Florida  who is extorting me and threatening to report me to the police for some things I did before leaving Florida unless I pay an amount that goes up each time my attorney talks to them and tries to settle (and I’ve long since tried to settle for the original amount they wanted, but now it’s ten times that). I’m literally going crazy because of the stress, I honestly have tried to do everything to make my life better, got clean, came out as gay and now I’m stuck paying an attorney $300.00 an hour to deal with bull-shit that he doesn’t think they have any proof of and being extorted by some drug using idiots. I can’t keep putting my parents and siblings through the stress of my constant bullshit. I really just want some peace and to relax and it seems that my only option to get rid of the fear of the unknown with regard to being prosecuted is to either leave the country or kill myself. I don’t know what to do anymore. I just want to live my life in peace.