There is only one thing keeping me from killing myselfI know most people who are thinking about killing themselves have way bigger problems than I do but here's my story:

Disclaimer: The following text probably sounds like a whiny teenager who is angry at his girlfriend and how she is the worst person on earth for not paying enough attention to him. This not how I feel, I just feel alone after having someone who actually cared for me. She is amazing in every aspect and I just feel like I ruined everything.

Last year, up to 2 weeks after my birthday was the best year of my life. I was in love with my long distance girlfriend, we met for the first for easter and it was the best week of my life up to then. We weren't able to meet up after that and she somewhat broke up with saying she needed more free space for herself. I am fine with that, I think it made everything better. Since then she's tossing me aside  constantly and just shrugging everything I say off. I told her about my problems (including my constantly drunk father, my lack of friends, my lack of self confidence) We were having a nice conversation and she basically set me aside for someone else who just wanted to talk about his day. The next day I wanted to pick the topic back up and the same guy called her randomly for 2 hours, for which I was shouted at 5 months before when we were still in a working relationship. She went to him over christmas and told me nothing happened. She's always saying I am the most important person to her but during her stay at his place she didn't answer any of my messages and since coming back home she didn't spend any time with me and rather plays League of Legends with him and his friends rather than doing the same thing with me. She knows I am thinking about suicide since christmas eve and it has just increased with my parents being about to break up me not having anyone to talk to.

The thing keeping me from doing it is: One of her friends was having suicide thought and helped talk him out of it. I just couldn't stand myself dying a hypocrit.