I don't know what I'm still doing here. On this planet, I mean. Alive.I've had suicidal thoughts since I was a kid. Mostly because I've never really "fit in" and I've always been lonely. I have had a few friends, yes, and I still do, but it's never satisfied me. My parents are the greatest people you could ask for, but it's not enough. I didn't earn that.

I guess what I have always wanted is to be loved. Romantically, I guess. Or maybe adored, revered, admired. But, nonetheless, to have earned the respect and support of others, or just one other person. It got better for a while, a few years ago, when I finally found a girlfriend. I was happy. But it ended, and since then I've been alone. There have been attempts, ranging from the awkward to the ridiculous, to find someone. I've been on a few dates. But it hasn't gotten any better. I still don't have anyone. I'm just as lonely as I used to be, and I have realized that the happy time was just an abberation.

Sometimes I wish I could just remove the part of my brain that makes me need people -- so I could just be happy on my own. But despite my many attempts, failed and successful, to strip entire pursuits out of my life in order to avoid anxiety, I cannot get rid of the need for people. I mean, I don't blame anyone. I wouldn't love me either.

I feel like I've gotten everything out of life that it's possible for someone as alone as me to get. I've watched a few good movies, read a few good books, I've listened to Beethoven and Mozart...but I just don't get anything out of it any more. It's all just empty -- a blowing in the wind.

I wish the world were a just place, controlled by some supernatural force I could supplicate and beg to resolve my problems and make me happy. But I've become convinced beyond doubt that it is not, and that my problems are the result of my personal failure and my broken nature. At this point, It's a damn good day that I don't have a serious suicidal episode. I feel like I'm getting closer and closer to the tipping point, yet I feel so far from it. Hopefully, hopefully, I can overcome the instinct for survival and make a definite plan. 

Philosophically, I know that my life means nothing and emotionally I know that if Hell is defined as the absence of joy and of "God" then I've been living in it for a fucking long time. Sometimes I feel good, and sometimes I feel bad, but most of the time I just feel bored and empty. I just don't give a fuck any more. Hell, I'm not even using a throwaway this time.

TL;DR: Life is a waste of time. I want to end it. 'Tis a consummation devoutly to be wished.