Suicide seems like the best option for me.I think that my depression is the natural product of my life so far.
Too much bullshit happened in my life since my childhood for it to be ever any different.
It starts with me growing up homeschooled for religious reasons in near poverty and relative isolation. 
These things combined made me feel "different" or "alienated" from the rest of the world,
and I still feel that way sometimes even after convincing myself otherwise.

It continues by my family moving abroad in my early teens, which results in losing my only friends
and even worse isolation due to the language barrier.
I acquired social anxiety somewhere on the way, or it's just that I didn't develop social skills properly.

My depression started in my mid-teens. I thought about suicide often (it felt  comforting to think that there's an easy way out),
and often found it hard to fall asleep  at night due to the overwhelming feeling of hopelessness, loneliness, and failure.
I never told anybody because I felt they couldn't help me, not even my parents since we've grown pretty distant
even though we lived together.
When I got into high school (distance high school, mind you), I dropped out shortly.
I didn't know any better, and my parents didn't really care.

In my later teens, things were looking up a little. I got less depressed, started thinking about
my future and re-enrolled into high school, and started trying to break my aversion to social situations.
It didn't last long however, and I got a job that progressively took up more and more of my time and energy,
causing me to drop out AGAIN. I borrowed the money I earned to my parents to help them out in a bad 
financional situation, which is also why I got it through them in the first place.
However, I didn't get too much gratitude, and now they seem a bit irked at me being too dependent on them,
while I feel just... hustled, and not just of the money, but also a more "proper" upbringing.

In short, I have nothing to show for the past 20 years of my life.
Barely any education, no money, no friends, and barely enough motivation to get up in the morning.

Sometimes a wave of depression hits me so hard that I find just existing terribly exhausting.
As if even the reason for just keeping my muscles rigid vanishes, and I feel it a tedious
effort not to crumple down like I was made of jello.
My thoughts get clouded, and I can't come up with a reason why I should keep on living,
or just doing anything, except to make it all go away.

I don't want to commit suicide, but I want to keep living even less.
If I was any better I would have already done it, but I'm not even capable doing this much to help myself (so far),
so how could I ever actually change my life for the better?
I think that suicide would be a pretty natural end to my life's story, and the best I could do.


So, that's it. I just felt like sharing this with somebody, and maybe hearing some opinions.
Hope you can get something out of it too, and I'm willing to elaborate on some points if you're interested.