Hey, Lar...[home](http://i.imgur.com/8nD5j.jpg)

Your arms were the only ones in which I was truly loved and safe. Yeah, I get it: your own parent not wanting you. After you died, Mom made it really clear I was a nuisance. 

She left me with pedophiles, more than one, with me literally begging and screaming for her not to walk out that door while they sat there awaiting the pleasure they'd take with me the second she left. Even if she was in the next room, or taking a quick shower, I was the fuckdolly.

Did you know that one of them was at me for years? Yeah, he'd kill my pets to keep me quiet. Another one of her boyfriends. Had my childhood dog, EB, for years...he drowned her in the bathtub. He killed several. Told me Mom would hate me if she ever found out that I had turned him on so much that he had to fuck me until he was "completely satisfied". Yeah, she managed to throw this in my face when she found out - jealousy over maternal instinct. She's a fucking abusive cunt. This was along with all the violent beatings he laid on mom and me, not to mention that he kept us indoors and isolated for years...aside from the times he was in and out of prison.

Know how all this came out? He knocked me up at the ripe old age of 13. I had to have an abortion. He was going to be charged with several things, not just for the sexual part, but unlawful confinement, too. 
Did you know that Mom always treated me like a nuisance, even before the pedos...telling me that she wished I'd never been born, screaming, "Are you fucking retarded?!" if I did something kids normally do, such as accidently tipping my juice over at breakfast or took too long doing dishes. Enter her violent blowups, slaps, punches, being dragged around by my hair while she screamed visciously. Bitch loved to slam her fist between my shoulder blades when I didn't even see it coming. I lived in constant fear in childhood. I acted out...not knowing how to relate to others, alienating my peers at school. No friends...the girl everyone scorned. There was no comfort when I was told "No one likes you!" with such vehemence that it still burns in my memory to this day. You have no idea how this has isolated me...fuck people. Not going anywhere near them. Isolation is my greatest defence. When you have it drilled in your head that you're unwanted, it sticks so deeply. It burns into the deepest trenches of your being.
Mom dragged to that fucking tiny hellhole she's from. Think that went well? You know the one...where they're tighter than thieves. I was so beaten down and shy, of course they took it as me thinking I was better than them. I couldn't even look anyone in the eye, I was so shy. The curled their upper lip when I'd pass by. I did nothing to deserve this. I never hurt any of them, I'd only wanted to be accepted. It didn't help that her next "husband" tried to convince me I'm crazy because I only knew to isolate and couldn't talk to anyone. I love my mom, no matter what she did, and I'd call him on his obnoxious behaviour towards her and it made us enemies. I hated him deeply as he was a bully, and knew she'd do anything in her codepent, clingy way to keep him. He'd told me ways of disposing of bodies and not get caught...told me he would have killed my mother once if I hadn't walked in the room. He'd sliced up the mother of his son to the point that he'd had served time in a criminal psch ward, and arrogantly defended his actions, going on about how she deserved it and how much he hated her. Whenever he didn't like someone, his first comment was that "there was something wrong with them in the head". Holy fuck...pot calling the kettle black or what, eh?There's can't really be anything truly wrong with me...I was just kicked around too much, wasn't I? Please tell me I'm not crazy...it's eaten away at me for years. I know rationally I'm not crazy, but this fucking neurotic bullshit eats at me. I was truly happy when he died...he was evil. I'd rather have O'brien and the other pedophiles than him. Fuck, everyone thought he was so "nice"...good old "uncle rick". Piece of motherfucking shit...even his corpse is a waste of space.
Did you know that mom got a lot of money from criminal injuries when you died? She was supposed to save it for me, but spent it on herself, a house and her boyfriends. I was lucky to fucking eat, or get rags from fucking thrift stores for clothes. She still gets cheques each month while your grandkids sit in poverty. I took out student loans trying to make something of my self and the debt of it is fucking crushing. I nearly finished my degree, but trying to make it on my own with the kids too soon after birth nearly killed me. Postpartum depression and the stress of it all, I've tried to be strong.  The kids dad left even before your grandaughter was born. I gave birth to her, going to university full time and still made the first year winning a scholarship. I struggled against depression best I could, but I dropped out three times over the years, each time summoning stubborn strength to meet the goal of graduating. Three strikes, I was out. No more access to means to finish. No jobs to cover tuition, loans wiped their hands of me, understandably. My own stubborn will to try and complete blew up in my face. Left with lots of theory and all the pretentious academic terms to describe them, but not one practical skill from it all. Nonetheless, you grandkids - You'd be so fucking proud of those two...hearts of gold and that sparking humour and brains we got from you, certainly not her. I know you'd have spoiled us...Mom told us that you really, really loved me more than anything you'd ever in your life. I know that if you were as ga ga over me as you were, you'd be twice as much over them. Nonetheless, we struggle...I've been so isolated for most of my life. O'brien, Mom, that hellhole she dragged me to, settling for the prick of a biological father and more isolation trying to raise the babies in a two bedroom apartment for years, not a soul to turn to. Not a way to reach out as the isloation eroded any sort of chance to build the means to reach out, connect and bond with anyone. We're stuck in poverty...there's no fucking jobs in this fucking dead end town, and even if there were, I freeze, paralyzed when I try to interact. They won...I get it: I'm stupid, I'm crazy, and I'm unwelcome. I am not allowed to be, life if for "other people". 

From what Mom tells me, you would have have stood before stampedes to protect me...I was the apple of your eye, you loved me because I was the only thing you ever loved or were loved by. Fuck, all this shit is just the tip of the iceberg. I spoke to your little sister, without telling her my intentions, and she'd be happy to take the kids in case anything happened to me. They're better off without me, I'm so fucking stressed out and scared all the time...snarling and isolating from them and everyone else in the world. They'd be better off with her. They're the only things I love in this world, but I'm no good for them. Daddy, please...I'm so fucking scared...I'm so fucking shoved away. I tried, I really truly did. I've tried to get education and make things better...I've tried to be the best person I can, but nothing helps. Please...take me back to  you. Just hold me in your arms, make it all go away. I've given it my best shot, but over three decades of this shit truly has me worn down. I can't go on like this. I need to be back in your arms where we loved each other and we were home. At the time I could afford it, I had a gravestone made for you as I'd spent years looking for your grave and no one told me that you were so uncared for that no one had bothered. Your own father...my mother. Both had the means to do so, but hey, it was all about them, you know? I just had your name tattoed on me to honour you, proudly carrying you with me forever, so you know that yes, someone loved you sincerely. I can't do this anymore, however. I've struggled and tried to do my best. I just want to be back with you. No one wants me here, I'm not allowed to live and shouldn't be. I'm not welcome, I'm unwanted...got it. Loud and clear. PLEASE Just take me back home to you, Daddy,I've tried so hard - just take me back - I don't want to be here. PLEASE, I fucking beg you...
