There's nothing I can do about it.I don't know what to do.
I've fucked up my life so many times I can't do anything about it to fix it. 

When my boyfriend (we'll call him Eldrick) and I broke up I was a mess. I was catastrophic because I loved him so much and I knew there won’t be anyone like him. It's been a while from our break up but during the time we broke up to now, a lot has happened to me and I feel so ashamed and embarrassed about it. I feel like shit and I want to die.

I let a guy at my school (we'll call him Sam) shove me into doing whatever he wanted because he pressured me with him taking his life and me being responsible for it. Sam asked me out at a vulnerable time in my life and I let it happen because I was depressed due to the break up with Eldrick. I suppose I was trying to find my ex in someone else that I didn’t love at all. It started out as Sam saying “I’ll be here for you, unlike your ex-boyfriend” to “If you leave me I’ll kill myself”. He was obsessed with me and I was frightened. He pressured me into sleeping with him and to think about it is repulsive. I realized what had happened that night and I cut myself, wanting to commit suicide. It was such a pain to be with him but I was too afraid to cut Sam off so I stayed like that for a while. I never loved him and I regret my life so much because I couldn’t stand up for myself or push him off. After a little, I couldn't take it anymore and I cut Sam off completey and blocked him everywhere. I hated it so much and I regret my life. I feel ashamed for being born. I wish I had someone to talk to about it when I was going through this. Unfortunately, I wasn’t close to my parents and the people I trusted weren't there. 

I still love Eldrick and I was planning to get back with him and I realized that I wanted to open up to him and tell him what happened during our time apart. When I told him, things didn’t go too well. I cried for hours and hurt myself. He said I was a terrible person and wished he had never met me in the first place. I understand. I am a total fuck up and I apologize for being who I am.

It hurts so much seeing Eldrick, knowing that he hates me. I don't blame him. I'm an atrocious person, pressured into doing something I never wanted by Sam. Although I apologize many times, I have a part of me that wishes Eldrick would understand what had happened and what kind of situation I was in. I was vulnerable and depressed and I made a terrible mistake. Eldrick and I don’t talk anymore and it kills me inside. I want to commit suicide. I regret what I did so much. I have learned from my mistakes but I hate getting up every morning, thinking about Eldrick and how we can’t go back to how we were before. I’m depressed and when I walk outside, I feel like I can just easily walk into traffic. I feel like he would be happier if I was gone because if I was gone, it wouldn't hurt to think about him and the memories we’ve had together. I miss everything and I regret what I’ve done and what has happened to me.

What I did gets me every night and I cry to sleep. Sometimes I can’t even go to bed and I stay up until two or three. I feel as if there’s no point in my life anymore. I wish I could talk to Eldrick. I’m still in love with someone that once loved me for a couple of years and those years meant so much to me. 

I can’t live. I’ve lived for 18 years but I can’t go any further. 
Shikataganai.

Edit: What I wrote might have been confusing, sorry. I put in example names for the people so we don't get them mixed up. 