Reaching my breaking point.7 years ago, I met a girl who I instantly because best friends with. We were inseparable. Together every weekend. Together every single day of the summer. Eventually, we became more than friends. Everything was great until 2 weeks ago when she started spending all of her time with this new person and would barely talk to me. When I asked her about this, she got extremely defensive and told me she doesn’t want to be with one person all the time. I tried to explain to her that I felt like I was being replaced and if she was going to leave me I would rather her just tell me than to ghost me. She insisted that she wasn’t leaving me and that I was just being crazy. I stayed because I had no one else. She was my entire life. My days and nights revolved around her. She hurt me worse than anything or anyone else before and I let her.

I found out that she had been sporadically texting her ex throughout our entire relationship. She apparently told him that being with me wasn’t “fun”. Their relationship had been off and on for about a year and during one of the off periods, he got another girl pregnant. She broke up with me for him and is now planning to raise his child with him. She was also talking to other guys, which I found out through her mom. I also have reason to believe that she went on a date with one of them.

She texted me a few days after the breakup and I didn’t respond. She hasn’t tried to contact me since. She’s busy with her boyfriend and her new best friend. It hurts so bad that after 7 years she just threw me away like garbage. It hurts that I’m hurting and she doesn’t give a single solitary fuck. I feel so beyond betrayed and lied to. I’ve seen her around campus and she looks me directly in the eyes and smirks.

How could someone that I loved so deeply betray me like this? I now realize that she never loved me. She never saw me as anything other than a time filler while she convinced her ex to get back together with her. She lied to my face and I believed her. That’s what hurts the most.

I’m at my breaking point. I barely have the energy to go to class anymore. My mom has a new boyfriend and doesn’t care about me anymore. I have no one except my best friend who lives 400 miles away and would probably be better off without me. I’m tired of just existing. My life doesn’t get better, it just gets worse. I am all alone. I’ve been seeing my psychologist, but it’s not helping. Nothing does.

I don’t know what to do anymore.

TL;DR: Best friend/girlfriend of 7 years betrayed me. Feeling hopeless.