The only reason that I haven't committed suicide is because I lack the proper supplies.Nobody in the house owns a gun.

There's not a place in my room or bathroom sturdy enough to hang myself on.

In order to overdose on any pills that would work I would have to get in touch with a friend who I haven't heard from in a few months and may be in very serious trouble without anyone to help her.

I don't have any straight razors to slit my wrists or throat.

And any other method I can think of (starving, drowning, car accident...) either would take too long or has too much of a chance of living.



I don't know what to do anymore. Everything's shit and everyone's just faking their way through life. I don't want to go to college to get a shitty career and work my ass off doing something I hate so I can maybe relax a little on the weekends and try to forget how much I hate myself.

I also don't want to get a job that I would actually enjoy because there's no way that anything I like could bring a decent sum of money in and I would be living in perpetual poverty for the rest of my life and probably would never be able to retire. But really what's the point then? You're too old to do anything you used to enjoy and everyone you've ever cared about begins to die and it's really not all that worth it I guess.

But hey maybe if I'm lucky I'll meet a decent guy who's okay on the eyes and shares my sense of humor and doesn't mind doing stupid things with me and doesn't get bored within 8 months.
Maybe me and that guy will decide to get the government involved in our shitty lives so it's really hard to leave each other without extreme complications.

And maybe me and that guy will decide to have happiness sucking, money wasting children who will grow up to hate everything and get addicted to drugs and do reckless and stupid things no matter how well their parents raised them like I did.

And hey maybe when those children are grown up they'll take their children to visit us and it'll be the one time a year I actually feel useful in someone's life until I get too old to remember their names and barely remember to feed the dog every day.



Everything about life just seems so shitty. What's the point?