Family problems, depression leading to toxicity and gf considering a breakupI started to write down the story of my suffering as whole, but I ended up with 20.000 characters, so I will try to make it as short as possible.

I am a 22 year student, who has family problems and a gf whom he can't make happy anymore. My family problems are beyond unfixable and I struggle to deal with that. I am currently living with my gf and she is considering a (temporary) breakup until I can tie myself together. I have become anxious, nervous, angry and toxic over the last year, as I couldn't handle my family and it's problems. Life with my gf is perfect, she is the one, but I can't enjoy anything anymore and this further bothers me. It bothers me so much that I sink into my pc and play a lot of games, not particularly one, but several. Distraction is apparently my drive. But I don't want to be toxic to my beloved aswell, so I try to keep my shit for myself, but imaginably this isn't very good for our relation.
I don't get anything done and procrastinate a lot. I haven't been out with friends for 2 months or so, only for groceries, occasional walks or visiting my sick dad in hospital who had half his intestines removed because of an infection. There I get to hear shit like she'd leave me and it drives me crazy, he won't ever take me serious.
it seems like nothing is going my way in my life, except meeting my gf, but I can't be happy anymore and I think I am bad for her. I want her to be happy and I think maybe it's for the better if she just left. Then again, I have no interest in my family, very few friends and no real hobby or career desire. My hobby used to be gaming, specifically counterstrike, that's waht I kept telling myself until recently I started to realize it was only a distraction my entire life. An illusion, a compensation, worthless skills thrown away, hours of wasted time going down the drain before my eyes. As for the career part, I wanted to go into video games industry, but I don't know, it feels pointless to me now.

So yeah, if my gf leaves, that's it, I have literally nothing to live for and nobody to live with. I have thrown away everything else and I'm losing her because of this. I just don't want to face my problems. I know I'm a coward. But once I can make that step it won't matter anymore. Maybe someone has to say something to this. I am just tired, tired of all this shit. Why live, for what?
I saved the long version, so if anyone is bored enough to read the story of my life...