Craving the voidI just want to take this anymore. I am completely unable to talk about my feelings and it's been like that for as long as I can remember. Never really had anyone I could trust with my emotions. I have trouble trusting people. I don't want to blame my parents because I know it wasn't their fault. But ever since I was born, and apparently even before, they argued about something it would get pretty bad at times. They would try to win me over to either side and say what the other has done wrong. You can imagine what that does to a small child. In school things weren't much better. My 2 best friends moved away in 5th grade and I was about to enter a completely new class as well. There I made acquaintance but I didn't have anymore best friends. I wouldn't say I was bullied but everyone knows, kids can be cruel and they don't even realize it. Also by this time I've been "friendzoned" twice and never had a girlfriend. It leaves a mark you know. And as I said kids can be cruel. I tried to fit in as well as I could because they would often call names and so. And as those people were the only "friends" I had I tried to be as friendly with them as possible. I pretended to be someone I am not, I started drinking, because they did, and I felt guilty every time I had a hangover. I regret it still. But of well I survived, with only a few thoughts of suicide. At the end of elementary school my dads health status worsened. He was pretty old, 74 years to be exact, and he had diabetes. My mom decided to put their differences behind them and take care of him. Then came highschool. First year seemed great, had actual friends and my family wasn't arguing for once. Then came the second year and everything basically went to shit again. The friends turned out to be awfully similar to the ones I had before. But I still had this one female classmate with whom I could talk about anything. It was the first time I opened up in years. It felt amazing. So as time went on we spent more and more  time together. She told me that she would not tell anyone about my fucked up feeling and try to help me. And so she did, at least for now. My dads condition worsened again. He was basically bedridden by now and we had to put him in a nursing home because mom had to work as well and dad basically needed 24/7 attention. The girl I felt so great with started chatting with another classmate. I felt really jealous as I was afraid he was gonna replace me. We talked about him and she said that they're just casually chatting. Naively I belived her because she has thus far always kept her promises. The school trip at the end of the year came and I felt confident about asking the girl to be my girlfriend. So I asked her. You'd never guess what she replied..."You're a great guy, but I only see you as a friend, sorry.." I could't hold it back anymore. I just broke down crying infront of her. She said that there might be a chance or whatever. Sure...The next day I saw her kissing the guy she told me not to worry about. I felt betrayed like never before. And I had no one to tell about my feeling again. Remember those secrets she would "keep forever"? Well, during the following weeks I got a lot of compassionate words from classmates about my troubles I only told that one girl about. Even though it was nice of them I felt even lonelier than ever. And if that wasn't enough we got a call from the hospital where my father was moved that he was in a critical state and he probably won't live another month. We went to see him the same day. I had a few minutes alone with him in the room. We talked about school and so but no real meaningful conversation happened. As I was about to leave he grabbed my hand and held it quite firmly. He said:"I love you son." with tears welling up in my eyes I answered:"I love you too dad, and thanks for everything you did for me."That was the first and sadly the last time I got to tell him that. Because the very next day the hospital called and told us that my dad has left us for good. I was at the bottom of rock bottom. I felt destroyed, ruined. I didn't go to school for a week. But I still somehow didn't join my dad. Skipping all the way to today I don't care if I live or die anymore. Even though I would prefer to be dead. I just want to stop existing. To never have existed. I have only caused pain to every one around me and I feel horrible. I can't take it anymore, I just can't. I got friendzoned again by the way. You'd think I'd get used to it but it always tares a bit a prat of my soul. People say that you should follow your heart. But when my heart was shattered so many times, which part do I follow anymore? The loneliness really does hurt a lot. I don't think words will help but I needed some media to vent. I never really said this story as a whole to anyone ever, so I might have repeated myself a few times and I'm sorry for that. But I still appreciate any nice comments. Thanks for reading.