I wouldn't be doing this for myself.Recently I've been falling back into a depression again. I've been clinically diagnosed with depression for about two years now and as you may know it doesn't really ever go away, it just sort of subsides.
I think this is due to all the returning stress in my life. With the returning school year I'm once again going to high school. My high school is a special high school in a sense that it's especially bad. Other schools threaten their students with the prospect of going there, and it's not even an alternative school. We consistently are beaten by all the other schools in every academic area and the majority of our teachers have stopped caring. This sense of apathy has spread to lots of the "intelligent" students (causing a chicken in the egg conundrum).

With my return to my school people have started questioning me about what I want to do with my life. Typically I just shrug and say I don't know, but truthfully, I really like art. It is my dream to write and/or animate a television show but sadly where I live the only job prospects are meth manufacturer and meth dealer. This brings me to another problem, money. My family is pretty poor. I live in a one parent home with two siblings, one of which is very sick and may very likely die soon. My father has also told me that his doctor had told him that he won't live past 60. He is in his mid fifties.

Thankfully however, my family has saved enough for college. Sadly, we can only afford a bachelor's degree for both my surviving sibling and I.

My plan is to kill myself sometime soon, or at least before graduation so that my brother will have enough for a master's degree and then some. I genuinely don't see the bad side to this. I may even be able to make it seem like an accident so that he doesn't have to deal with the grief of having a brother for a suicide case (if I can't make it an accident I definitely won't bring this whole scheme up in the note, that's just poor manners).

In a sense, I'd really be killing two birds with one stone here. I'd be giving my brother a better life, one that he deserves, and I'd be able to die happily knowing that he got out of this shitty situation. 