I'm 21 years old, I have ambitions and I want to get far in life. But the thought of killing myself has been haunting me for a long time, I want to end it!This is going to be a long one, so if you're not the type to read a long piece of text then I think you should move on elsewhere. 

---

I'm 21 years old, male and I live in the UK. I'm an aspiring filmmaker and I'm currently at university on a filmmaking course. At a very young age, I was as wide-eyed as any other kid, I saw the world as a playground for my imagination to run wild and as a place where I become almost anything. At this time in my life, I discovered so many things that created so many of the goals that I aspire towards and everyday I would look at them as an important relic and something to thrive towards. 

My time in childhood was fun and full of optimism and this carried on forward into my early years as a teenager. As some of my friends from school moved on, it was my first sense of loss, next to my grandmother and my grandfather passing away within a year from each other and this carried forward into my time at high school when my optimism was still alive. As far as I can remember, high school was a fun time, dispute being overly shy I was able to gain a good group of friends and my dreams and ambitions seemed closer then ever before as I began to watch more films that were more in the range of arthouse cinema. This further built my love for writing and I was able to come up with a few stories that I'm still working on even to this day. Being as shy as I was, I didn't think I would be remembered by everyone, but in the latter half of the final year I got up on stage and sang some songs and everyone loved it and I was remember as the boy who came out of his shell and sang his heart out. 

I attended college soon after and I was finally doing what I wanted to do, but I was held back a little by my poor maths grade, I had to do a level one Art, Design and Media course first, but moving up towards a Level 3 Film course. But as the years went on, I began to lose confidence in myself, I was disregarding all my scripts, calling them awful and even deleting some of them off my computer. I was not attending classes and began to lose hope. I was able to get the highest grades in the class and I got to university which made me happy, but the spark was gone and I did not know why. 

I've enjoyed university so far and I've been working with more like-minded people, but for some reason, I feel like a lesser person then all of them. In the latter half of the first year, I was considering suicide, but i stopped myself shortly after I attended a music festival. I've been attending the festival since 2013 and when last year, it helped me forgive myself and to see thousands of people having the time of their lives, it made me think about what I would lose if I did kill myself. After that, I did not want to do it and I got back to my work. 

But, the thought of killing myself as stuck again, I've been degrading myself and I've not been the same person as I was before. My parents are worried and my brother is worried. It has really affected my filmmaking as well as what I think the future will hold for me. It's been haunting me for such a long time and I wish I could end my life right now, as I write this, I'm on the edge of doing it and I hope I don't do it...but the urge is overwhelming me.

If you actually read this, I want to thank you for taking time out of your wonderful life for doing it and I hope everything works out for you, it certainly hasn't for me, I've never been in love or had a sense of success so I don't really see the point of continuing with my life. If I do take my life after I post this, I want you to reflect on your life and what makes it wonderful and I want you to see the flaws and I hope you are stronger then I am to the point where you can overcome all the tough times and live to see all the happiness that is waiting for you! 

Once again, thank you for reading and I wish you a happy life, I know mine is not worth it, but your life is worth everything.  