I desperately need help.Hello.

I'm a 20 years old male college student. I don't know where to begin.

I'll spare you my family problems. I got over them. 

I don't even know how to properly describe my situation. 

I have no girlfriend, nor I had many in the past. I had two relationships that lasted less than a week when I was 16, and the last one ended badly. Six months ago I found out that my girlfriend of five months was cheating on me with two guys at the same time throught the whole period she spent with me. She told me she felt pity for me and didn't want to dump me, but she didn't really like me. I fell as down as I've ever fallen before as soon as she said that to me.

Even though I'm socially akward, I am also a good liar and I managed to make everyone believe I was fine, confident and manly. I didn't want my friends to feel bad for me, so I dealt with my feelings when I was alone and faked confidence when I was with them. My male friends constantly ask me for advices on how to be more like me, because they think that I don't talk a lot because I'm mysterious and other utter bullcrap like that. They make me look cooler than I really am. The reality is that I'm a messed up guy who can't even talk without doing something cringyin, and says that girls are not his priority  to look cool just so that people don't wonder why he doesn't have one. I cry myself to sleep everynight, I usually sleep one to two hours everynight because of all the shit that goes on in my head. Drinking wine has helped me with the thoughts and the insomnia, but I've recently stopped because I'm scared of going down the alcoholic route which would make me feel even more pathetic.

These six months have been the darkest of my life so far. All of my male friends have a girlfriend, talk to me about how happy they are and I have to pretend I'm happy for them. In reality I just wish they all lost whatever they have out of jelousy. I've dumped all of my female friends because I'm slowly becoming obsessed with not being friendzoned by girls. Whenever an attractive friend of mine came up to me for advice I instantly felt like shit because she is treating me like a female friend. Even newly met girls do that. They don't even find me interesting enough to even consider dating me and straight up see me as an emotional dumpster. The worst thing is that I actually try not to make myself view like that by avoiding giving advices and being the classic nice guy. I am so not interesting that *they* fucking put me in the friendzone.

The last drop was today. I've been chatting with this girl for a couple of days, she seemed interested since she always initiated contact, touched me, asked me very personal questions and in general her body language was telling me that she was interested. I followed my usual line of thoughts, by faking confidence and pretending my life was all good and interesting, also because I have no interest in boring a stranger to death with my personal problems. 

Today she hugged me and told me she loves me like a fucking brother. I've managed to put myself in the friendzone in not even a fucking week. 

I don't know, I just don't know. She is now texting me and I don't want to answer her because I know she wants a friendship out of me and I do not want to give her that. My pride is no more. I don't want to talk about it with my friends because the way they see me is probably the only one good thing about my life 

I'm also supposed to go to a party tonight and she is going to be there. I think I'll stay home, I don't know..

