I don't know if I'm in the right place. I won't commit suicide, but I think about it. A lot.I really debated posting this, even if this is just an alternate account. Let me start out by saying that I'm a college student. I don't think that I've had it rough in life by any means, nor should I feel like I have it rough right now. But I do.

A little bit of backstory on me. My pops died when I was 6. I grew up with my mom and grandparents. We weren't real close to my pop's family, as they tried to get custody of my brother, sister and myself after he died. I don't remember him or his family. My grandmother has bipolar paranoid schizophrenia which went basically untreated until about my senior year in high school. She had her medication, but we couldn't force her to take it. I had trouble sleeping at nights and was scared a lot. 

Right now, I live with my brother. We rent an apartment together. I go to my grandparents' house nearly every weekend to check up on them and my mom. They live with my sister and aunt, as well. My grandfather has been helping me pay for my half of the rent.

I'm engaged and am extremely happy when I'm with Lindsay. I honestly believe she is the best thing to ever happen to me. It's weird, I'm tearing up typing about her. I care for her so much, and I don't think I'd be typing this if she were here with me. Her parents won't let her sleep over because we aren't married. They also pay for her college and car, so she just can't ignore them, plus I respect them too much to ignore their rules. I think I would be better if I had her to hold me at night.

I can't sleep at night. Right now, I know it's because I'm stressed about school and this new retail job where I'm going in at 5AM and going to classes right after and worrying about finals and projects, but even during breaks I can't sleep. I constantly feel drained. I often think to myself, "I could just drive into a tree off the road and feel free," but then say, "SHUT THE F UP, BRANDON." I know it won't solve anything. I may be relieved, but Lindsay, my mom, my grandfather, it would suck. I'd hate to do that to them. 

I was trying to sleep just now and said to myself that I want to be gone. I think it's true. I don't want it to be true. I want these thoughts to stop. I can keep fighting them, and I will, but it sucks and it's hard. I've cried myself to sleep several times last week. My cat died over the break, and I felt nothing, and I've been hating myself for feeling nothing, because I loved that cat. I've been thinking about my dad, too. I have a teddy bear he gave me when I was a baby. I'm 23 and I sleep with a teddy bear and cry sometimes. 

I hate this, and I need help. I used fake names in here, because I might have friends that come here. Plus I know Lindsay has an account so I don't want her finding out about this. I told her a little before, and I hate worrying her. If I need to go to another subreddit, someone please point me in the right direction. I just want to be able to sleep, be happy, and not think about killing myself or me dying. 

Edit: I need to be at work at five in the morning and it's already past eleven. I hate this. I hate this job that Lindsay helped me get. She works there, but I absolutely hate it. Stocking shelves with no organization. I hate it and I hate that I took it but I can't back out of it, now. 

I wanted to add that I've thought about cutting myself or smoking. Stupid, I know. I wouldn't want to do it for the attention. I would just hope it would make it all go away. It's weird. I'm in a professional program where I will be helping others, yet I can't seem to help myself. I scared that I won't be good at this profession because of this. 