Lonely nobody tired of the waiting loop.My life isn't much at all, I haven't done anything special. I'm an average 16 year old soon-to-be Junior. I have no friends, I'm the average joe that says "hi" to everyone, but nobody talks to me because they want to, so I sit alone at lunch. I have social anxiety, I never feel like I can hold a conversation with anybody, I'm extremely paranoid about what everybody thinks about everything I say or do, which in return drives me to avoiding most people. Not that they'd want to anyway, i'm creepy and a huge pervert ever since I was seven. I have no talents, no abilities at all, I've accomplished nothing my entire life. I get average grades, I'm just going through the motions every day. 

Of all that, I know I'm a waste of space, I take the blame for my older siblings for everything, whether I choose or not, since being the youngest in a family of six makes you be looked down upon as inferior, which is true, being the runt and all. I know my siblings are all better than me. Being the garbage I am, I've tried killing myself seven times, ranging from starvation to overdosing. Of course I'm too weak to do it. Then my parents find out about it, and get angry, depriving me of really the only thing that keeps me going; video games. It's an escape, I make friends, actual real friends I don't break down in anxiety in front of. Sometimes my parents get so angry I wish I didn't have to go home during school. Maybe I'm just childish but it upsets me. Not only that but I'm in probably the worst mental state I've ever been in. I'm incredibly unmotivated, nothing makes me laugh, I don't even have nightmares anymore. I just feel grey, I don't feel anything. 

"Oh, but you're on medications, you're fine!" "The pills take a few weeks to kick in, just wait until then." "There are people doing worse than you." I know there are, that doesn't make me feel better. I feel guilty that I have it better than tons of people across the world, yet I still wish that a car will hit me or I get beat up every day. The doctor we visit doesn't care about my health. The past three check ups lasted literally around 30 seconds, because he doesn't see anything wrong with me, and he's had worse patients. Would it be better if I was worse? A broken cup can be mended back together, but a chipped cup will forever be broken. "Things will get better." I've been told that numerous time, but it's never true. Everything's getting worse. By everything i've heard, being an adult is not all that great. Nor is living as a whole.

On top of all that, is why i'm writing this. I want some kind of answer to this worthless life of mine. I so badly want to die. The only things that keep me going are these "things" that happen. People always tell me to wait until that "next thing." I feel a little better for about an hour or two then I see that dumb face in the mirror again and I immediately want to kill myself. 

Sorry for the long post. I have a lot of free time, a lot of time to think about all this.

I guess this is my suicide note. I'm not lasting long anyway.