I can't take anymore lonelinessPlease help me I don't know what's wrong with me. I'm 19 years old and I have no friends or a girlfriend or anything. I've never had any friends or a kiss or anything like that. I CRAVE human interaction but every attempt I make I fail at. I just can't do it anymore. I think it might be social anxiety. I don't know. There's something wrong with my brain 

Last year I cried every single day after work and every night because the people I was living with all hated me and my coworkers HATED me no matter how much I tried my best. Overall I just felt hated in the world. 

This year is a little easier. I have coworkers who are very nice to me and I'm living with my mom now ( I used to live with my dad and I don't think he likes me ) but it doesn't solve the fact I need human connection. I've always had dreams of going to the movie theatre with someone or for coffee with someone and having fun and it just seems like a distant reality. I don't understand how everyone can make friends though... guys at my age are supposed to have lost their VIRGINITY. I try not to think about sex because it's too emotionally taxing because I know that no girl will go for a creep like me. I just really need a friend. I've always needed one but I just CAN'T make a friend. I don't know why. 

I'm also getting spinal fusion soon to fix a hunchback problem I have. That'll give me a little bit of hope kinda. Although I still know I'm a creep for having so many social and emotional issues. I need a friend or two before trying to get a girlfriend but the problem is that no one will ever be my friend. I can't take anymore loneliness I just want to die. Although sometimes I look up clips of people dying and it scares me off the subject...  I could never kill myself I don't think. I'll probably wait until I'm at least 22 before giving up completely. But I don't know what else to do. I've got a counsellors appointment Thursday and Monday fortunately! They don't help but I REALLY enjoy the one on one human interaction. Counsellors appointments and fast food are the only things that I look forward to in the world.  

Any advice would be appreciated... although I've got a lot of advice and it never does help. It feels more like having a terminal illness. I don't think there's a way to end this. I've been trying for years.. it just sucks.  I want to exist in someone else's life. I want someone to want to spend time with me and I want to spend time with them! I really want to matter to someone but honestly right now I could die and no one would miss me. (My Mom would be sad but she'd get over it eventually )