My mom hates me. I can't take it anymore. Ever single day she tells me. She hates me. Nothing I do will be good enough and everything I do is wrong. I'm a complete fuck up. I wear the wrong clothes and get yelled at. I don't wear enough makeup or do my hair the way she likes. That means that I'll get a lecture about how everyone else hates me and they're all going to laugh at me because I look stupid and I'm fat and I'm never going to get a job. 

I can not live like this anymore. I hate her, too. She's a stupid bitch who's fucking obsessed with what other people think. I hate makeup, and I hate straightening my hair, and I hate the clothes she demands I wear(or else I won't get a ride to somewhere I need to go). I hate her declaring that I owe her money the second I get any at all. Fuck her. I'm tired of being criticized every fucking minute.

Maybe I deserve it. I'm 20 years old, I haven't accomplished anything. I don't have a paying job(fucking intern), I don't have any degree. I'm going to be stuck living with this jerk forever and it isn't worth it. 

Everything is fucked up. I hate myself. She's made me hate myself. She laughs at everything I try to do, as condescending as possible. Oh, I'm trying to make it in graphic design? She'll laugh and ask how it's possible that anyone will pay me for my stupid childish hobby. 

It gets worse every day and I want to die. I can't move out. i don't have ANYTHING. No good experience, nothing. Who the fuck would hire me, anyways? I look like a stupid fucking hobo and everyone will probably laugh at me and think I'm disgusting.

My sister laughs at me, too. She often agrees with my mom. That whenever I get upset over this stuff I'm being dramatic, sensitive, and paranoid. And she calls me selfish every time I ever need anything. I don't know how I'm supposed to do everything they want! I have to just obey what my mom wants me to look and act like, and stfu whenever I might need anything because I'll get in trouble if I dare voice anything. if I ever try to bring up something I'm thinking about I'll get yelled at. I should just never talk. I should just die. 

I'm doing everything wrong. Maybe if I was the kind of daughter my mom wanted then I'd be ok. Maybe she'd even help me with the other shit that I'm going through. That's the worst thing. That the only help I really need from her she'll never give me. I don't know what I want anymore. 

I can't stay here, and I can't get away. Suicide looks like the best option, but I'm scared. I don't know if I have a choice. I can't stay here. 