Scummiest person alive is meCurrently sitting here contemplating suicide once again.

Each single day is a fucking nightmare quarinte or not, I get up eat breakfast and do whatever.
Quarantine has been the best and worst time of my life currently.

My teachers yell at me on a daily basis when I'm not in quarinte and I don't know why, I try not to act hostile but according to everyone else im the scummiest  person alive.

I don't know what the fuck I did though.. I haven't beaten anybody up, threatened or acted hostile.
Is it just my exsistence that bothers people?
That I'm forgetful? That I have fat legs? That I'm not active? Or that I act numb and emotionless?

People have always treated me as if I'm a scum, I haven't even had real life friends this year. The person I considered a friend pushed me back and told me to just leave so I did. I always do what people tell me to do.

Ive made bad choices like going to this school. People constantly act like I shouldn't care about what they say about me. Like I should be emotionless and numb. But I'm not, they don't care about whatever I do. I just wanna sit down, have somebody to talk too like others do. Nobody wants to and doesn't care enough about me, I try hard but life is just getting useless. The only real friend I had I had to leave because I switched schools.

People that I looked up too, most of my new teachers started treating me like shit. Wanting me to talk more but also not picking me when I did anything. I tried to do what they told me too do but then they ignored it. My math teacher took my math book and then threw it at me, I'm lucky it didn't hit my face. A freaking doctor acted hostile to me because I didn't come to the doctors earlier with my headaches while I am under aged and in my country can't go to the doctors without a freaking guardian.

In general I just feel like a shitty burden to everybody I'm around. There's no point in living, even on the internet I can't make friends.

Me booting up my feelings didn't  help aswell, whenever somebody pisses me off all my anger bursts out. I try to be a calm person, but it's hard when nobody appreciates anything you do or try.

I'm just a shitty scum bag who should kill themselves.