Getting help made this worseI've been seeing a therapist and psychiatrist for quite a while now, but at my latest psych appointment, I was recommended to my local mental health facility to do a partial hospitalization program. My doctor broke patient confidentiality and told my mom (I'm 17 btw) about my suicidal thoughts and made her take away this knife I had in my room. We made an appointment with the mental health place.
So we go and I get an assessment done at this place and that's when it gets so so so much worse. The counselor there went even further and told my mom about my self-harm. I've been self-harming for years but I never thought my family would find out about it. It hit me like a truck and I know they look at me differently now. My mom even cried on the entire ride home. So anyway, they want me to do this program but of course, this is America after all and so its very very expensive. My mom says that if i want to do it, i need to take the money out of my college fund. It would take over half of my funds and i'd only have about $6,000 left over for college. 
I really do want to do this program, as i've already emailed my summer activity teacher and canceled that, which made me sad since it's my senior year and i've been in this activity for all of high school so far. Too late to take that back now though. I wish my mom had told me about the college funds before she let me quit that. 
So now i have to decide between getting treatment or keeping my college fund. The deciding factor really is whether I think i can keep myself safe over summer, but the thing is, i really don't know. This whole thing, my family finding out everything...I honestly have nothing to lose anymore. I want to major in zoology and work with animals in college and as a career, but i just don't know if going through everything is worth it. What if I just end up killing myself anyway, even after it all? If i did treatment i'd be in debt for the rest of my life, more than I already would be by keeping all my funds. I dont know why my mom wont help me look into other options, its like she doesnt want me to get help. It is truly all about money to her. I'm sure theres other programs that would work out better. My family is basically broke so i get where she's coming from but shes not even trying to find other options. Maybe if i just try to kill myself i'll get a forced hospitalization, then someone will have to pay anyway. The whole thing is just making me more suicidal! I don't have anything to live for anymore. I might as well spend my college funds since ill probably be dead by the time college rolls around anyway. Idk. I'm just looking for some advice since this is a really hard situation to be in. Thanks if you read this whole thing it was kind of long lmao. 
