No one I know cares backLike the title, I feel like no one cares about me back. I always put on a good face and try to help other people. I know my caring about someone doesn't mean they are obligated to be the same. 

Last significant other I had just used me for support and money, I feel so stupid for letting it go on as long as I did. I wasted a good portion of my early twenties trying to help them. 

With in the last year I was casually sleeping with someone, I started to get feelings for them and started carrying to much about them. I've been there for them when they needed it. Again I know they aren't obligated to feel the same, but I've hanging out with them as a friend, found out they are dating someone, and now pushed me away completely. I feel stupid thinking I would ever be good enough.

I have one friend, but I can't let go of my pride to talk to her. Plus she has her own mental problems and I don't want to burden her with my own problems.
 
I live at home and I feel like a failure for it, I'm already a burden on my parents and I don't want to ask for money for therapy cause I barely can make my own bills, but they aren't in a good finacial situation either. 

I've done nothing with my life other than support my ex and I feel like an idiot for wasting my time helping him or anyone. If I hadn't been supporting them I would have went to college and maybe I wouldn't be a burden on my family.

When I'm trying to meet new people friends or other wise I feel like I wear a mask to talk to them, no one really knows how I feel or that I wish I was never born. When I try to date people it freaks me out to much to try meeting from dating sites, and every time I make get close to someone I think is cool and a good person, they push me away eventually. I know that having a significant other won't fix me but it would make me feel like less of a freak, right now I have to reach out to strangers. It makes me feel even worse about myself. I am to the point where I don't want to die just wish I never existed, then I would hurt people, although I feel like if I was dead no one would care for long, I'm so insignificant to everyone. I'm just sitting here stressing about my shitty job and that I'm inadequate to everyone, I feel that everyone just knows I'm a loser but they just won't say anything to me. I've never had a job that pays more than 12 a hour
While everyone I know from high school is decently successful they have moved out and grown up, and here I am a basement dewlling idiot. I'm at the point where I want to give up and never move again.