The dark placeHey there,

I was thinking about writing here for quite some time, but right now I just need some anonymous place for my thoughts. F 24yo, studying at university and struggling a lot with everything concerning this and the rest of life -- my nonexisting social life...
Last Tuesday, I tried to commit suicide. Had planned it quite some time ahead, even though I was a regular at my psychiatrist and my therapist. They knew about my depressing phase right now, but at one point I just couldn't get the feeling of "it might be alright at some point, even if I can't see how" anymore and I just tried to skip talking about this.
I wrote some mails to say goodbye to some people, finished some stuff I had to do so I would not leave and let some guys down that still required some tasks only I could finish due to responsibilities...
Well, I'm not even really sure, why I decided to write these mails, since in the end, they called the police, they found me unconscious at home and ambulance came... Well. I woke up at ICU and now I'm stuck in psychiatry...
I don't even know any more, how to feel about all that :/ I'm quite pissed that it failed. Suddenly, people care, suddenly, hypocritical, they speak up in my life, they are shocked... whatever. Nobody cares all the time. Now it's me, being in a dark place with no right to say that I don't wanna live anymore. Even the professionals here just say their positive stuff like "I'm sure there will be some day and it will be fine" and "there is always a way"... But of course, nobody can say, how I should face the problems in reality. Nobody says how I should continue with failing big at university. My circle of friends is around 0, just sitting around at home, browsing reddit or whatever -- trying to face my exams, my anxiety kicks in and I don't sleep anymore, quivering all day, sweating... 
I don't know what to do. They keep me alive here, yeah. Wont try anything in here, cause it wouldn't work anyway. But I really can't see how hanging around here, maybe even trying some therapy at the clinic for some time should change something. It's not like a "hey, do something else in your life" will fall from the sky with a solution, i can't take a break from studying because I would lose financial support. 
I'm not really good trying to stay in contact with people I meet, diagnosed personality disorder extremely helpful to socialize with people... 
So I'll just stay here, since I'm not allowed to leave, obviously. But man, I'm not even motivated to stand up. What's the point in trying to get better, in trying anything to get up when I'll fail again and again... 
Well, thank you, whoever read until here, I just had to get it off my chest somehow... It's so dark here and I don't see a path out. 
