i’m tired of everythingit’s no where near the end of the year yet im already drained from everything that has happened so far. i always gave myself the chance to change and get better but at this point i don’t think that’s realistic anymore, the future will not hold better things for me and im certain of that. i really thought i’ve gotten better since my last suicide attempt in 2017 and because i haven’t had a relapse in almost 2 years, but recently i tend to find myself having these thoughts again and i don’t know how to cope with that. when i was sexually abused, i kept that to myself. when i was being bullied throughout high school, i kept that to myself. when my family got physically abusive, i kept that to myself. i take it but everything is bottled up and i can’t let people know that i’m not okay at all. the abuse at home has subsided but i still have to deal with the trauma my dad has caused me. 

things would be better once im gone. i bring nothing but disappointment to my family, and to the handful of friends i have, i barely talk to them especially about things like this so it wouldn’t matter whether or not im here. i can’t attempt suicide in my country because i can get in trouble again if i were to survive it. i will be going overseas for university, and that’s when i plan to take my own life and this pandemic has done nothing but push my plans further away. but im reaching a point where i really can’t find it in me to care where i do it. i thought i would get better but i’m just going back to square one again. i really don’t know what to do anymore because i don’t want to be here but i’m still here because of my mom i don’t want to leave her. 

i can’t talk to anyone about how i feel because no one even knows that this is happening. everyone thought i grew and moved on from my past but i don’t think i fully have. i don’t want people to know that im not okay and that my suicidal tendencies are back i really don’t want them to blame themselves because i refuse to ever talk about anything serious like that in fear that they’ll stress over me. i don’t know what to do anymore, everything is getting overwhelming.