My girlfriend and me are breaking up this weekend, and I'm afraid that I'm gonna hurt myself againHey, this is a little generic. I just need some kind words and advice from strangers.

My [20M] girlfriend [18F] of 2-3 months, whom I love extremely much, is on her way across the country to spend a weekend with me. She called me this morning and we had a huge fight, I fucked up and now there's a very break-up feeling vibe in the relationship. She called me saying that she doesn't know if she wants to do this anymore, and that she's not feeling that she is in love with me anymore.

I know 2-3 months sound like very little, and probably my love for her wouldn't be that great. But I have mental issues, and I get attached way too fast. I have raging anxiety and I can't stop being afraid of her leaving me, and since it's long distance that's really hard to deal with.

This girl is almost the perfect embodiment of my ideal girl. She is amazingly pretty, funny, smart, good in bed and just generally awesome to be around. We never fight when we're with each other physically, only when texting or calling, and its usually misunderstandings that initiate the flights.

Anyways, shell be here soon and I'm pretty sure this is the weekend I say goodbye. Last time this happened, I broke up with my girlfriend of 2.5 years and almost ended myself with a load of pills just weeks after. I couldn't take the anxiety of her moving on so quickly, and this girl is DEFINITELY gonna move on even quicker, due to the short time of the relationship and her amazing looks and personality.

I can barely take the anxiety right now, the suicidal thoughts have already started. I wanna jump in front of her train when she arrives, I wanna hang myself before I see her, I just don't wanna face what's coming. Even if this is for the better and I'm better off without her, I'm afraid that I can never love anybody enough to trust them and not start shit because I'm anxious. I'm afraid that I'll always ruin things because of my lack of self respect.