Unstable, getting worstRecently graduated from high school, starting college Monday. I already feel I won't like my program.
Summer was slow, mostly work , went out a few times. Not enough to my liking, I don't even know if I like going out with people for parties, day activities , chillings , etc. Everything I do is to distract/force me to stay "normal".
I have a few friends, I'm not that attached to any of them. The two closest friends I have piss me off 90%, one always "jokes" about me being pansexual, I stopped talking to him for the most part. My close family (parents, and brother) piss me off, I don't feel connected to them at all, I feel I respect them for the most part but that's it. I don't understand them they don't understand me.
I've been mostly talking to people online for the last year or so. Again I started hating almost everyone of them. The ones I get close to usually ends up with me getting in my shitty phase of blocking everyone out, I probably loved more people as friends or more intimately than anyone else in my offline life. The connection is so easy to break though that I end up not caring for no particular reason and moving on.
I feel like I love most of the people around me but at the same time don't. Right now I'm in a shit phase but am relatively calm right now, not feeling much. I can go to the bathroom or kitchen and in matter of seconds become intensively sad and feel like shit. When I'm home alone I become someone totally different, I sing dance, go swimming. Unless in a altered state (alcohol or weed) of mind I usually keep in everything, I hate to show off what I really am feeling. The only emotion that slips out is anger I guess, I can't keep that one in if it gets too big, I feel exhausted and sad after I get angry and really feel shitty for feeling so angry.
I feel like I'm a good person but all the things I think about people I see around me, the way I think in general makes me feel like a giant asshole. My emotions are unstable I guess.
I'm not diagnosed with everything, I had a psychiatrist from December 2014 to like January 2015. I got her after I did a suicide attempt during one of those emotion break (way more unstable then it is now). She pissed me off and thought I had ADHD, I gave up on the help of doctors after her. I lied and pretended everything was fine, she gave me sleeping pills witch I never took. I've been pretending ever since now.
I don't know what I'm trying to get off this, felt like sharing with people to have their thoughts. I think my post is a bit too edgy for my liking, but just felt like sharing.
My biggest fear is too get in such a bad state I do something stupid. I have to take the bus and metro every day to go to my school, there's nothing stopping me to jump on the rails.
Oh well, just a quick last thought. Does anyone else have these emotion bursts? I'm positive I don't have bipolar disorder, might just be a passing. Took a few screening tests which I know aren't that accurate but w/e thanks for taking your time to read.