Does anyone else feel like the villain in their own story?I do. I feel like I fuck everything up. 

Tl;dr: I’m a grade A piece of shit and I should probably just go quietly into the dark.

First, I’m constantly led to believe I’m an asshole, no matter how hard I try to be sweet and positive. When it’s good, it’s good. No one ever compliments or notices that I’m being nice and positive, but at least no one is mad at me. But the one rare occasion I’m not smiling or I’m quiet, people get offended.  I’ve concluded that I have resting bitch face because there’s no way I can offend so many with a blank face otherwise.

Heaven forbid if I say something, even in defense of myself.  Then I’m pretty much Mussolini. (People always say Hitler, but that piece of shit didn’t get shot, beaten, and strung up by his own people.)

There’s the fact that I’m awful with money. Doesn’t make me an asshole, in fact I have a habit of being generous to the point of screwing myself over. But it isn’t helping me when I feel like a burden to society.

I can’t get into a decent relationship with anyone. When I try to find someone to share life with, I end up with needy girls who see me as a paycheck or some weird status symbol, like “look at me, I have a boyfriend! That means I’m not a complete piece of shit!” And they usually ignore any of my hopes, dreams, thoughts, likes and dislikes and steamroll me into doing everything they want. They usually rush into a relationship with me and quickly start making demands. But I’m an asshole when I try to make it work and just talk to them in a loving way about things. “Can you please not talk down to me around others? It hurts my feelings.” Or be honest and try to say what’s on my mind. “I don’t think we should move in together right now, we’ve only been dating for a month.” And nothing changes in the end, they just keep doing it.  Until they get bored with me and dump me or I get bored with being frustrated and dump them.

Or it goes the other way; I’m minding my own business not trying to be in a relationship with anyone, then someone comes along and is interested and I think, “ok, despite every single time before this ending in failure, everyone is different and I’m gonna give her a chance.” Then I get ghosted. And/or I find out that oh, they didn’t actually like me, it was just convenient for them at the time and fuck me for taking all that shit they said in the beginning seriously and believing them, because oh “sorry I didn’t mean it.” Cool.  I’m often left feeling like a scientist who can’t find the cure: “experiment #324 was another failure. Oh well.”  
Also on that note, I don’t think I’m entirely ugly or anything. Especially to anyone that watched Lord of the rings, saw Gimli and said “mmm, that’s hot.” But I am pretty short and it never feels good at all to hear the first thing out of a girl’s mouth when she meets you is “you’re short.” Like, thanks bitch. I didn’t know that at all when I can’t reach the top shelf at the grocery store and fit perfectly in small cars. Good thing you told me!  I don’t say that, but damn I want to.  Maybe I should. Be the asshole you want to see in the world...no, that’s not how that quote goes...

Then there’s the job situation. Stuck in a dead end type deal where I get zero respect, get shit on by coworkers, have a whole lot of responsibility, and my pay keeps going down every couple of years. Go ahead and do the math on that one. Yeah.

“Just get a different job dude.” You say. Well wonderful internet person, there’s another catch 22; you see, it ain’t easy for a guy who can’t afford to move, who never went to college, and has almost no marketable skills to just go get a new job. And I have a fairly large car payment (more on that in a moment) so I can’t afford to take the rather large pay cut going to whatever I qualify for. It’s retail isn’t it? Yeah that or fast food. I’m incredibly lucky to have the job I do, which I got entirely on work ethic and being in literally the right place at the right time. I’d go to college, but I can’t afford that and likely I’ll just fuck that up somehow, which brings me to the original point.

I fuck everything up. Everything. I’m constantly remembering times when I was in the perfect situation and I *effortlessly* ruined it.  Like without even trying. I’ve screwed up relationships, friendships, my credit, potential dates, potential jobs, hell, if it’s put in front of me, I can guarantee that either it’s going to go wrong just fine on it’s own, or I’ll make a shit decision and then I’ll spend the next year fantasizing about traveling back in time to that very moment and fixing it. And it’ll keep me up at night. Remember that big car payment I mentioned? That’s because I was an idiot and didn’t think ahead when everyone at my job warned me and said that our pay was gonna drop. 10k loss on your annual salary? Right before the holidays? Merry fucking Christmas you bastards.  I ended up having to trade the car in for a less expensive one, but my payment, although half of what it was, is still too high for me to just say “fuck it” and quit my job and go somewhere else for something inevitably lesser paying.  It’s a good car though, so, there’s that.

All of my flaws, failures, lack of empathy from those that say they care, the lies, the hidden agendas, people and their bullshit, but mostly just the idea that I’m on a path of destruction are pushing me to just eat my fucking gun.  It’s like being in a tank and it’s just driving along, wrecking things, shooting out bad decisions, and crapping out haunting memories and shame and regret out the exhaust. And I’m stuck inside and the controls don’t work.  I’m just watching it happen.

Tonight, I had to force myself to not close the garage door and keep my car running. It sounded so good. (The suicide part, not the car.) Just go to sleep, no longer hurting anyone or myself.  Often I’ll find myself looking down the barrel of my pistol. It would be so easy, wouldn’t it? Just instantly remove myself from the equation.  I think about dying all the time. It’s becoming my favorite pastime. But I said screw it and came here. Maybe I’m a wimp. But I had to get this off my chest and tell someone that I don’t want to be alive anymore.  I tried to tell some friends but most of them just brush it off. Because most people want the truth but don’t want the ugly parts. Two of my friends have literally kept me alive and I love them dearly. But it’s just so hard to talk to them about this without feeling like a burden.

I apologize for the rant, and my foul language, I didn’t mean to offend if I did. But thank you for reading this.  Seriously.