Who knows anymoreI have gone through in and out of depression since around the end of Highschool. I have tried once to kill myself but failed at doing so (Never knew my body could tolerate so much Advil). At this point in my life I regretted almost everything I have ever done. I have fucked up relationships, fucked up my previous work and find myself hating my University degree more than ever. My first year in University was one of the first times ever where I couldn't even stand the face I saw in the mirror.  I find myself completing University right now and still realizing I don't really have any motivation to do anything in my life. I keep telling myself things will get better, you will find a job you can be successful, you will get out of this debt, you will find the girl you love but I often find myself doing the exact opposite of all the above. I feel no love, I don't have love for anything in this world, especially myself. Every time I try to open myself up to a person I find myself hurt more than ever. I know these seems like a typical cry for attention but I have absolutely zero clue what to do. No matter how many different jobs I apply for I never seem to get a call back. I have a semester left of University and will not be able to cover rent or even basic living expenses. I am ineligible for a line of credit and no way in this world will my parents help me to try and get out of this mess. 

It seems like some people are just not meant to live in this life reddit. I have myself almost convinced that I am one of those people. I am not sure what else to do at this point, maybe I will get over this lump, maybe I won't, but I am absolutely tempted to try and take myself out of the system. The only time I have ever had a normal life is when I am drunk off my ass or I am as high as a kite since at least then problems don't matter to me. I guess this isn't exactly really a call for attention, but could be that some form of advice will lead me in the right direction. I am sorry to bother you guys, but I have absolutely no clue who else to turn to.