Deep SleepDear precious child, the time is near,
For it is time to rise up if you would,
Your journey is at hand,now walk steadily..
For I will guide you to weary mists.

Two paths that seperate in life between...
Hefty for strive and others to rest.
Simple but to complicate the mean,
Blurry in vision that wanders of no point.

Who may to deny reality but not, and never truth.
Fearing it shall grasp what bestows upon all.
Who shall then listen to claim, as I am like you?
Lost as can be the painful thorning Thickets.

If ever should my path be cleared,
Will it's shimmer of light warm my soul?
Someday, surely will time tell to come.
For now, sleep dear child, it's now at ends...

But Oh, poor little child.. strengths like soldier
Much has been endured, in your steps be here.
No need for words. Rest easy now, knowing
your continuing journey will find you again.

Background:
I wrote this poem in my high school days, and by the subreddit I'm in, I wrote it as a sense of closure. It was very tough and very painful as all the things that I had was all great and joyful.. All collapsed before my very eyes... From then on, came the brink of my madness and living hell. I started cutting myself, my view of the world was filled with anger and hatred yet, I knew that's it's the depression talking to me.

Then... My plans to commit suicide started.
My classroom is in the third floor and even though, it's not enough I could still hurt myself doing it.
Thing was, i was thinking of all this during break and lunch while there was still class. By dismissal I didn't do it. Time passes by and now I'm in college.

I did seek professional help and even though they tried their best to help me, it didn't workout in the end. I was also expecting things to be different from my very horrible 6 years of high school, I told myself it would be different,that I would finally change.

It didn't happen... I was still miserable and i can't understand why I have to deal with this again. Then my problems came back, my past haunted my mind even when I least expect it. Now I'm fed up, tired, miserable and insane. I'll never get my life going anywhere, I can't find anyone who will save me from my demons and what I call myself "The Beast." Forever I will be a savage to the people around me. Isolating myself like all monsters do.

Wishing all that I've done, and all that my past is can ever be forgiven if only I could be brave to say it. Right now I'm considering Suicide or to run away from everything, leaving everyone cause there's nothing left for me to do... 

It's all I could ever do, nothing can be fix if it's already broken. That's how I see it now.

Thanks for taking your time in reading this.
 
"May you walk upon the path and give light to guide those who are lost in the empty darkness."