I'm really lost at this point.This is gonna be all over the place but I really need to get this out because I don't really talk to people.
So I'm now 16 as of August and I don't really have a reason to be as depressed as I am. It pisses me off but I also don't know how to fix it and if I did, I'm not sure if I would even bother at this point. I've been having suicidal thoughts since I was 9 or so but never really acted on them until I was 11 when I tried to OD on advil by taking a whole bottle of the extra strength gels only for nothing to happen (didn't even get majorly sick or anything and I ended up really disappointed in myself for it and nobody even noticed so bonus points to me ig for being so unnoticeable). Since then I've tried to strangle myself with cords and belts and cut open my wrists and shit with the shitty knives we have in the house or sharp pieces of plastic I can find in my room only to barely make a mark and give up. I've been self-harming since I was about 8 or so, usually not super destructively but more so picking/biting at my nails until they basically weren't there anymore or scratching my arms until they were about to start bleeding. I've mostly stopped picking and biting at my nails now but traded it out for picking at scabs on my face and arms which is probably less sanitary bus I don't really care.
Ever since I started getting depressed its been getting progressively harder to get out of bed and I used to have really good memory but now I struggle to remember what I ate that day to log it. I'm finding it harder and harder to remember names and faces too and even harder to really understand people in general. Feelings are really hard to understand now. My grades are also getting worse because I don't have the energy to do my work because I've been having increasing worse insomnia since I was probably 6 or 7 and now I usually only sleep 3 hours a night if I'm lucky.
Ever since I came out to my mom (then got outed to my dad, step-dad and pretty much everybody else in my family because my mom decided to blab) just a bit over 2 years ago, I've been spiraling worse and worse and now I think about killing myself at least once a day, which is stupid cuz while they aren't really supportive, they refuse to kick me out. That's pretty much the only thing that could be making me depressed so I really don't know how its this bad. 
Honestly, the only reason I haven't properly tried to kill myself by jumping in front of a train or off a building yet is that I don't want to inconvenience people more than I already do. Granted, I'll be dead so its not like they could really yell at me or whatever but I don't want to make people have to do more work because I decided that killing myself was more important than whatever the hell they usually do. 
My mom makes a big deal about it whenever she hears that somebody killed themselves but I have a feeling she would move on pretty quick after I die, seeing as she can't even get my name right. My brother would probably be fine too, he has friends to talk to anyways so he doesn't need me. My dad would probably be happy I'm gone and step-ass probably wouldn't care at all.
I don't really think that I'm going to be alive by the time I'm supposed to graduate and I'm pretty sure that I'm fine with that at this point. I just need to find a way to kill myself that won't annoy people. Kinda wonder how hard it would be to make it seem accidental.

tl;dr if anybody even reads this at all: I've been depressed for like 8+ years and want to die really badly.