I need some help getting through things.Two days ago I tried committing suicide. After a night of heavy drinking and smoking with my roommates I got in our bathtub and took the last ten pills of my roommate's hydrocodone, just letting the warm water wash over my clothes and skin. I grabbed my shaving razor and took it to my arms. The last I remember of that night is wondering how the pills made it so nothing hurt, not even the razor. I woke up the next morning to my roommates banging for me to get out of the bathroom because they needed to use it, and the glaring pain of the shallow rivers of crimson that patterned my arms, tendons glistening underneath. I felt so disgusted with myself.

I grew up in the slums of a small shithole in Texas. Everyday I knew what I was growing up into and I hated it. I hated it so much, not having any friends because I had to watch the house, hated the shit we ate for dinner (or not ate), hated the drunken arguments my mom and dad always seemed to have. I turned that hate into something though. I studied every goddamn day because I hated that life so much. And then I met her.

I made a girlfriend early on in highschool. She was probably the best friend I've ever had. It may have been puppy love, but it was something to distract me from the dinners of macaroni and cheese every night, the gunshots that peppered the local church doors, the harsh Texas sun that so delicately cast everything in a light not dissimilar to the old faded yellow text in our school library. It was something for me.

After we both graduated high school, shit happened. Long story short, my condom broke when having sex, and in the end, she had to get an abortion. It really shook us up. The abortion was completely mutual, it went without a hitch. But there was no going back once we entered those sterile white walls of the clinic; I knew everything was going to go to hell afterwards. And it did. We *kind of* broke up afterwards, and continued a long cycle of off and on. We couldn't understand what had happened.

That's when the nightmares started. At first, they were a mild annoyance. They crept up on me in the night. I had been a pretty heavy sleeper until then. The last semester of high school I couldn't focus, couldn't concentrate. The councilors at school didn't seem to concerned, called it stress. I ended up very well off after high school though. I got a scholarship, full ride, to any state school. Unfortunately, I applied to UNT and she to UT. I realize that it's just a high school thing, but it meant a lot to me back then, and by the time we had talked about where we were going, there were several arguments. She didn't want to go to UNT and it was too late to go to UT. Stupid stupid stupid.

Ever since I came to college, I can't do anything right. I just can't. I've been riding on a 2.5 GPA since I got here. I can't focus, can't do anything right. Every morning I woke up after the nightmares with my heart beating so fast I thought I was going to die. I thought about the abortion, about my ex girlfriend, about my past life, about how my parents depend on me to do well so I can take care of them. My grades changed for the worst last semester. I dipped down to a 2.0, and went on a probation semester. I failed that one too. I couldn't do the work. I slept in bed all day. Some days I wouldn't get out of my room. It's so stupid and silly, but I can't stop thinking about all the shit that's happened, and how I've fucked up so much. It's a vicious cycle that I started, and I can't get out.

I tried talking to my ex girlfriend more recently. She understands my problem but refused to talk to me face to face. She's been hurt really badly by this as well, and she just now got a boyfriend. I don't want to mess her up by pressing the issue. I told her about my attempt and she told me to leave her alone. I need help. I can't afford to go to school on loans, and even then I would just fail all my classes. Today I bandaged my arms (told my roommates that I broke a glass and had it strike my arms, everyone believes it.) and went to the Air Force recruiter and talked about my future there. I don't want to do this. I don't want to do anything to be honest, but just lay down and die like a dog. This entire world is so full of hate, violence, and a perpetuating cycle of disparity that will never end. I'm fully aware I'm part of it, and I honestly don't believe you can change the world. The only reason I'm joining the Air Force is so I can get my parents a pittance before I try and blow my brains out in basic. I won't miss when I get my hands on a gun, **I promise**.

I don't want to live like this. I already missed my chance and lost my dreams. Right now, I'm just looking for an easy out. I just want relief. I'd rather not exist than be suffering. I'm not religious, and I honestly don't care what happens after I pass away. I just want my ends to be taken care of. I have no real friends anymore, no purpose, no skills. I need help, something, a reason to live. Give me something, please help me or tell me of a way to get out of this life. If I tell somebody about this, I could be ineligible for the armed services. Then I'd be completely helpless and unable to earn anything for my family. Please, just give me something to work off of.