I feel like I’m going to attempt again.So I just recently left a mental recovery center for 3 suicide attempts. What drove me to those was that I was previously in a horribly mental and emotional abusive relationship. It was so bad that it drove me to suicide and put me in a mental hospital for around 2 weeks. The only reason why I left so early was because I faked my way through it. She manipulated me and never cared and destroyed my self confidence and anything That might remotely make me feel human. As soon as I left the recovery center I left her, and it was hard on me. Then after that my friends decided to abandon and start hating me and calling me a whore and trying to hurt me in any way possible. Forgive me if some of this doesn’t make sense I’m horrible at explaining situations. I’m just feeling so destroyed and the suicidal thoughts are constant and I’m afraid because of all the work I’ve missed that I might have to repeat freshman year. It’s getting so hard to even stay alive and I’m constantly feeling like I’m about to pull the trigger on myself. I don’t know what to do but losing my friends and getting over my breakup and just everything in my life is getting to where I can’t handle it again. I think they might put me back into the mental hospital but I don’t want to go. I just wish everything never happened. I just wish I never happened, or lived. I constantly wish that I succeeded in my attempts and I didn’t have to go through all this pain I’m going through right now. My family is scared for me and they don’t know what to do, and I feel horrible for putting them through all of this. It’s hurt all of them so much. I know it may not sound like much, but it feels so overwhelming that I’m failing in school and all I do is sleep and wish I was dead. I just can’t do it anymore, I just want a happy life. I went back to cutting and stuff, which nobody took well. I’m just starting therapy again after not being in it for so long, but almost every time my therapist calls mobile crisis because of what I’m saying. I have numerous safety plans and I’m doing all of them but nothings helping. Nothing helps anymore and I feel so dead. I can’t feel happiness anymore, all I feel is depression, guilt, and anxiety and pain. I just need help, and I need to get out of this.