So sad you put yourself down because only idiots would be that sad about nothing.Hey Reddit.

My name is Collin; I'm 20 and live in the south US, just as a frame of reference. I struggled with depression throughout my teenage years and honestly hoped I would just "grow out of it" or something...apparently that wasn't in the cards. Last summer, I took my first job out of college. I was really excited about it at first, but after a while I noticed myself growing more and more distant from most everyone I know. Now, for the first time in my life, I have no friends. I hate living in the south, I hate my job because of the people who work with me (none of them make working conditions horrible or anything, and I get along with them well - the problem is that they are legitimately terrible people for the most part).
I'm not close to my mom, really, and I've never known my dad. I have never had a close family to call on and now I don't have friends to talk to, either. I wake up every day with a palpable feeling of extreme sadness inside, like I'm on the verge of bursting into tears before I've even begun the day. It's getting harder and harder to actually get up, and literally the only reason I keep doing it is because I want to keep paying the bills. Lately, though, I've started wondering why I bother keeping the lights on at all when there isn't shit going on in my life aside from work.

I don't really want to do it, guys. I'm not threatening or anything, it's just a thought that has been on my mind pretty consistently for a long time now. I made one attempt when I was maybe 16-17, obviously it wasn't successful and I haven't tried since then (though I have struggled with the thoughts). I'm just scared and alone, and I feel completely vulnerable. I don't want to live a life like this, and I don't see the point. Even when, in the past, things have been sunshine and daisies from wall-to-wall, I feel overwhelmingly depressed and sad for absolutely no reason. I don't want to do this for a lifetime.

I don't know what I'm asking for, exactly. I don't want to hurt anyone by taking myself out of the picture, and the thought of suicide actually scares me. I think I'm more scared of living like this any longer though, which is what makes ending everything seem pretty damn appealing...


PS: Just saw a post talking about how great it was to finally get help, because when OP told all of his friends they actually felt horrible for not noticing he was suicidal. Great. Awesome. What about those circumstances where you've isolated yourself and NO ONE GIVES A FUCK IF YOU'RE EVEN ALIVE OR NOT. Because that's where I (feel like I) am. I wish I had just one person, besides my mother who lives hours away, who legitimately cared about me and my feelings.

I just want to feel loved, you know?

That did it, just started crying at my desk at work. To the bathroom!