Where to go from here?Hello guys, I am starting this topic because I have seriously been thinking of ending my life and I guess I just need some sound advice or opinions from folks who have been through it if not worse. I have tried to look at the positives and the negatives, however it seems that the negatives hold a lot more of an influence than the positives. Just to briefly go over what has been going on:

Ever since a year and a half ago, I've faced a lot of dilemmas and life just never went the way I had hoped it would. It has mainly been relating to job opportunities and living standards. I lost my job from truck driving and as I didn't have a full year of experience plus my own personal thoughts about truck driving in general, I decided not to go back to truck driving, and with that, I had a shitty CDL school to pay back, which I couldn't due to lack of money. I had to use credit to afford food and gas for my car as well as pay other bills while I was putting a lot of effort into finding a job. Ultimately I maxed out and was unable to afford anything else. I got another job at a local company with a high turnover rate, and didn't last 5 months due to them constantly putting pressure on me to get sales (it was a calling center) and I just couldn't get any most days. So I quit there, and decided to go to school to start my college education. After facing more hurdles, I was able to finish my first semester of college. I had to stay on-campus which jacked up the price. Financial aid covered almost all of the $7k, and I had to pay an additional $250-ish. I was forced to stay on campus but no classes throughout the summer because my mother moved further away with another relative and I didn't have money to afford gas back and forth. I couldn't afford another semester of college so I was able to get another job that I am currently working at now. Even working there, I was kicked out of the dorm after summer was over and I lived homeless for a week and sometimes, stayed overnight at the hospital I worked at, even though they didn't allow anyone to do so. My car decided to screw up and I had to pay with what little money I had to tow it to a local auto repair shop, which charged me even more to have it checked out. Now I am living with my relatives again further away from my job, so even with a meager income that barely lasts after gas and food and rent, I'm just anticipating my car to blow up again. With my current job, it's just another shitty, $8/hr job that expects you to do things quickly and with perfect quality despite the job conditions and the pay. I'm seriously thinking of using the rest of my money to drive far far away and kill myself with an old shotgun I have. Life is just too inconsistent and I'm always let down one way or another. I'm sick of dealing with garbage and the fact that I'm basically living to work rather than working to live. I've job-hopped quite a few times within the past 6 years, and I just have absolutely no motivation or even any awareness of what I want to do. Everything costs money, which is something I don't have. To Hell with life, it has gone to shit and opportunities are virtually non-existent. 

That's how I feel, reddit. 24 year-old guy who just wants a fighting chance.