Starting to acknowledge this about myselfI've been considering suicide every day for the past few weeks. It comes as a bright, strong flash that lasts about 45 minutes. Though for most of my day, I'm relatively even keeled. I'm functional at work. I don't think anyone knows this is happening below the surface. 

I'm 36. I'm doing pretty well in my career. I make 100k+. I work out. I'm tall and reasonably attractive. I have a few close friends.

What's driving me down is a sense of hopelessness with respect to romance. I've been on nearly 40 dates this year, perhaps 70 total in the last 2 years. Not a single one has led to anything. I can recognize the moment in a date when she's not interested. I've memorized all of the polite excuses girls use. Sometimes they're not so polite and they'll say things like "I'm sorry I have such high standards." 

This is not new. I've been single for most of my life. I feel miserable and unlovable. I always thought I was going to have a family when I became an adult. I was single in HS. A scant few relationships in college. And my adulthood has mostly been alone. I've never had a relationship last longer than 3 months. 

I don't know what's wrong with me. No one will tell me. I feel like I'm living out groundhog day. The same thing keeps happening to me over and over. The rejection is having a cumulative effect on me. I feel worthless. I dread the idea that this is my life. That I toil in the gym and at work and come home to an empty apartment. That I sit alone on weekend nights, after spending the previous days asking if anyone wants to do anything. 

I just don't give a shit any more. I meditate, I go to the gym. I eat well. I do all the things one is supposed to do to ward off depression and sadness. And yet, I have this deep aching in my chest. I feel like I've lived my life behind plate glass. I watch everyone else move on with their life, fall in love, travel together, eat out together and create their own families. 

For the past 9 months, I've been aggressively changing things in my life. I've started going to the gym 4-5x a week. I started meditating again. I've gone out and got a new job that pays 20% more. I've taken dance classes, improv classes. 

Nothing seems to make a difference. I'm still alone. I still get the "didn't feel the spark" notes back from girls after a date. Though most of the time I get nothing, but it's enough see the subtle panic in their eyes an hour into the date, furtive glances from left to right as they struggle to come up with a plausible excuse to leave the date early. If I do make it past the first date, I'll usually get another excuse. They suddenly don't feel well or a relative died. I wish I was exaggerating. 

Even seeing this, I feel pathetic that I've let something like this 'get to me.' I don't know why I place such a premium on having a relationship. The few times in my life when I have been with someone, it felt amazing. I felt like a whole person. Whereas now, everything feels like a waste of time. I feel like I'm walking through life with a kickme sign on my back with out knowing it. 

Suicide for me now, is just like "get me off this ride, I don't like this." There's nothing dramatic about it. I'm just done, I want out. I don't care anymore. Fuck it. I've had a pretty decent life so far. I don't feel sad. I feel terrified that my life won't improve. That I'll be stuck, that the next 5 years of my life will look like the last 15 years of my life. Nothing changes for me. It doesn't seem to get better. 


 

