Probably going to end it all this year 

I am younger than 18y old and haven't ended school yet. I am a straight male, and live in Brazil

Since the last week, I've realized how ugly I am and I believe I'll never date anyone. I consider me and my life boring, so even if someone gave me a chance, I probably would screw it up. Pathetic.

Most of my friends were from school and moved to another school this year. I've made new friends (all classmates), but sometimes I think they talk with me out of pity, because I'm alone in class.

My philosophy is "I want to make everyone sucessfull and happy because I probably will never be". So, when my friends are happy, I don't talk about my problems.

Today I was thinking about killing myself. My two best friends will move to another school next year, so I was thinking to end it all in the end of the year, not in front of anyone, 'cause I don't want anyone to get traumatized. I wanted to be a medic, but I don't think I am smart enough.

The two things that made me proud: My grades and my jokes, don't make sense anymore. Recently, i have started to get bad grades at some subjects, and my jokes seem to get unfunnier every day. Sometimes people laugh but I think it's just to make me happy or because they're in a good mood.

Most of my classmates are girls, so I don't know how much I can bond with them without it looking like I want to date everyone. (Btw, I had a crush on a friend of mine (also a classmate), but everytime I looked at myself on the mirror, I thought: "She will never want you, nobody will, not even you would date yourself, so I'm trying to forget that.)

I'm too much of a coward to ask my father to hire a shrink (he's already spending lots of money with me). I think he believes in my dream of becoming a medic, but I don't believe myself.

My own mind tells me that I am pathetic, and everything I think has two versions: Optimistic and Pessimist, first, I see everything in an optimistic way, but then my mind remembers me that none of that will ever happen.

Once, a guy (ina n YT video) said: "remember the hug of the person you love the most, you would lose that if you suicided", but I haven't hugged anyone in a while, I tend not to make too much physical contact with my friends, as most of them are girls.

The thing that hurts me the most is that people believe in me, so I want to make it look like an accident, because then, at least someone will think "he could've made it", instead of being frustrated by me.

You, (if anyoneis even reading this) can call me Gabriel. I really don't know what to do, I only cry in the shower and when I'm alone, because I don't want my father to hear it.

I am not a native english speaker, so I am sorry if something is weird, I am trying to learn.