Social Media Gives Me Anxiety So Bad I Want To End ItRight, off the bat, I have severe anxiety, I'm 22 and I use social media pretty much exclusively for music. I promote my music and network with other artists. The business side of social media is fine and I enjoy it. However, interacting with fans and any non-business related conversations throws my brain into a spiral. I'm a very private person, I always have been. I also keep my circle small and tend to observe people for long periods before I let them into my life. I have to be around someone for year or so before I start to warm up. I like to gauge people before I consider them friends.

But online things are different, I can't see who I'm talking with, can't really observe their behavior, etc. Because of this I feel like every conversation is a minefield. I don't discuss a lot of aspects of my personal life online because I don't feel comfortable. It's just certain people who interact with me are weird (in my opinion), and I'm a non-confrontational person. Like one time another artist asked if I wanted to be in a group chat with other artists, I said "Yeah, sure" because I believed that it would be a professional thing and I could network. I hadn't even been in the chat for 15 minutes and someone had sent a picture of their genitals unsolicited to the group. Needless to say, I left the group chat shortly after because I didn't like anyone in there. I know for a fact not everyone in there was legal age. And thats the worse part, I feel like whenever I interact with anyone I have no idea what's going to happen and I feel like I'm playing Russian Roulette.

The other thing is fans. I'm not a huge artist and because of this I have to interact to cultivate a fanbase. Recently, I was interacting with this person. I was being nice but distant, I sent them a demo mix of a song I was about to release early but I do that with anyone because I just like to get my music out there. I don't ask these people about themselves and I don't want them to ask about me. The first real thing that happened was I had a instagram QnA and they asked, "how does p+ssy taste?" (I'm lesbian) in my f+cking questions and I went off on them, basically telling them to never ask me some f+ck sh!t like that again. After that I started to distance myself more and I hoped and prayed they would leave me alone. There was other occurrences too, like them saying they would leak their ex's nudes (I told them that was f+cked up and that if they did that they would be in legal trouble). Then recently they started contacting me more again. I had dry conversations with them, hoping they would take the hint. We're not friends. I don't know you. I don't like you. If this was real life I would avoid them but I can't do that on social media and I didn't want to cause drama.

This week they started messaging me, I did the dry text thing hoping they would leave me alone then they said something along the lines of "This girl tried to send me breast pics then got mad when I said I didn't care" this is a topic that I don't want to talk about, and don't feel comfortable talking about. I, as politely as possible, said, "I'm not trying to rude but this something I want to talk about it nor am I the person to talk to this about." then they said something that irked me. They reacted understandingly and respected my boundaries. Then they said something that freaked me the f+ck out, they said "I guess I don't really understand these things yet because I'm really young." I just replied back, "everyone had boundaries". But on the inside I'm panicking because I don't know anything about this person. I go on their pages and it's just memes. Like why the f+ck would you tell me these things? If I don't want you asking about my sex life I DON'T want you talking about anything like that. I don't even like when sexual things are discussed in real life because they make my skin crawl. A few days ago I made one of those instagram videos where they have the 1-10 TheNeedleDrop face rating thing and I was like "haha, insta now has my facial data lol". Then in a DM conversation the guy brought up the meme (after posting my video on his meme page) and was like "well you're still a strong 7 to me" (referencing the video) I was extremely uncomfortable but didn't want to start sh!t so I was like, "I see what you did there lmao"

As of a few days ago, I made a general post basically telling people that I don't want to be talked to 24/7 and I'm not friends with anyone who is a fan of my music. Basically, respect my boundaries and don't think just because I'm being nice we friends. The dude replies "Well I guess I'll leave you tf alone", this post wasn't aimed at him fully. I explained it wasn't then apologized for if it did. Because I have no issues with this dude I just feel uncomfortable around him. He seemed to have accepted the apology and said everything was all cool. I'm still extremely anxious, suicide bordering-ly so.

Basically, social media is causing me to spiral into a hell-ish world of anxiety and paranoia. I only use it for music. The entire concept makes me so paranoid and suicidal but I feel like I have no escape. I know I need to be on there to get a fanbase and be successful but it's like do I have to be a dickhead or not communicate to people to keep myself safe? Like I have no idea what to do. I feel like I'm in hell.  I just want to die. Like I wanna leave social media but I'm paranoid to leave.