9 years wasted trying to study or get a jobI graduated from High School in 2009 when I was 16. Since I was 15, I’ve dealt with depression and I’ve had to take certain meds in order to live a ‘normal’ life. I was a good student back in school, I learnt how to read &amp; write when I was 4 and my parents supported me academically as much as they could.

Right after I graduated from high school, I started to look for a job so I could afford going to college/uni. Unfortunately, until this day, I’ve not been able to get a job. It’s been 9 years since I graduated and I haven’t been able to achieve anything professionally or academically. 

It makes me feel terrible to see how other people my age now have successful jobs and academic careers, and I’m still here trying to find a way to get a job or at least get admitted to a college/university.

This is becoming a never ending cycle that repeats itself every year and it really hurts. I don’t know what’s what I’m doing wrong. 

I can’t get a loan to study because I need stable income, but I can’t get stable money income if I don’t have a job. I’ve tried with public universities but every time I try to enroll they come up with a new issue: “sorry, we didn’t receive your payment”, “we’re sorry but we can’t admit you because we got the admission dates wrong”, “we’re sorry but we realized that we have priority for other people” and so on. This has been recurrent every time I’ve applied.

I’m not asking for a lot. I just want a job. I don’t drink, I don’t do drugs, I don’t have any problems with the authorities. I don’t even think it’s my fault because I’ve tried everything with no success, maybe it’s just the way this system works.

What makes me feel worse is that I’ve wasted my youth. I don’t even have any friends anymore because they have moved to other places and I’m still here.

I feel like my life is so worthless. I pretty much spend the whole day learning stuff online and improving the knowledge of the languages I speak.

At this point being killed or committing suicide would just make me a huge favor.

PD: I don’t live in Europe or North America.