Just need a listening earIt's not easy to start this.

Im a 21 yo male, final year university student.

What I'll mention might seem nothing, and is certainly very little compared to what many other people are going through. But I feel that I should still share, because I found myself at an open window over 10 floors high, and that's a problem.

Why I wanted to do it:

Parental pressure:

There's lots of pressure back home from parents, about where to live, what to work as and practically everything else. I loved them and respected them and listened to them, thinking its all genuine advice coming from experience, until I told them I loved a lovely lady I met at university whom I wished to marry. That's when I realised they were very emotionally abusive and controlling.

Of course, this does not fit in to the 'plan' they have for me, my dad wants me to work in a high flying, long hours type job while my mom just thinks '27' is a good age. Furthermore, the thought of moving back home with them is absolutely abhorring, mainly due to the control reasons. But, in the culture I live in, I unfortunately rely on them to talk to the girl's family in order for us to get married, so eloping/disagreeing/mucking off is not an option.

In order to have get girl, I have to please them, and it has to be on their terms. I feel trapped because I don't want their toxicity to affect the girl I love, including their obvious intention to delay our being together (again, cultural limitation: can't be together unless we're married), yet I can't put a foot down either.

As for sharing this with them and having a conversation, they only push their own agenda. Telling them I was considering killing myself because of restrictions they've placed is also not an option, because they're not going to take it seriously, and I fear what I might do to myself after that.

It is also an option for me to listen to them until I get what I want, then muck off and enjoy my life. But, I also do not want to do that. I want to be a good son as well, they did raise me and all in the end. Also, I don't want to spend my whole life dealing with their toxicity or with the potential regret that I've wronged them.

I can't ask my two older sisters for help in this, because they're more likely to snitch on me and prioritise my parents than give a rat's ass about me.

Stress from my family led me to substance abuse over the past few months, which I never saw myself ever doing.

My partner:

I keep hurting the woman I love. At the start, I shared too many of her secrets, possibly because I was not a very private person. Since then, somehow, I always end up hurting her.  And I see it take a toll on her, and I know its my fault. I also know that I can't leave her, I'm too selfish in that I want her company despite the pain I might cause her, and I don't want her to be someone who's partner has committed suicide. I don't want her to deal with that either.

I also don't want to simply break up with her. She is everything to me, the gross total worth of my life. If I break up with her, there is literally nothing left for me to live for, in which case I will most likely kill myself anyway. This is a very real possibility as I had regularly harmed myself since the age of 12, and the thought of suicide wasn't irregular before her.

To sum up, I feel very trapped. I know my parents are never going to be happy unless I am unhappy (since I don't want to live where and how they want me to). And I definitely do not want to lie a full life of unhappiness just for their sake, I think thats unfair to myself. I also feel trapped in the sense that I know I'm going to hurt the girl I love, as I've done so many times, even though she loves me so much, and so fully, which makes it even more deplorable that I ever hurt her. Yet, I can't take myself out of the picture because I can't live without her, either. I simply don't want to.

For clarification, by hurt I don't mean physical pain. I mean things such as the aforementioned breach of privacy, being inconsiderate, and just generally a bad partner. In our year together I've never felt any of the same pain from her, ever.

What happened:

I shared something else I shouldn't have, again, and she kicked me out. I went to the 11th floor, in front of a large window, and started writing a note to my parents, sisters and her. I didn't want anyone wondering why I did what I was planning to do. I didn't care what my actions would have done to my family, because they would cause me extreme distress perpetually as they already do, anyway. The only remorse I felt was towards my partner, but I thought it may be better to stop everything now, ensure I minimise the loss to one fell swoop rather than trap her in a lifelong relationship full of disappointment. I don't want her to think she stayed with the wrong person and didn't make the most of her life. And, in any case, there is a high chance my family sabotages arranging our marriage, in which case again I will prefer to die than be without her, so it may be better to go now than after a few years.

So, at that point, the way I looked at it was that I can never make my family happy, and I preferred to die than put up with it for the rest of my life. I could either try again and again to make her happy, knowing that I will somehow or another hurt her repeatedly, or put myself out of the picture and give her a chance at happiness without me.

I was planning on getting a bottle of vodka after I've finished writing and letting appropriate authorities know. I wanted to drink and jump, because I have an acute fear of heights and wouldn't be able to do so sober. But, when I was halfway done writing my note, she called me and stayed on the phone with me until we talked it out and I went back to her.

After that, I haven't considered it again. But the reasons above all still stand. I took a look at relevant websites and helping sources, which is why I'm here now (hi) and think it better to share than keep it in. It might help.

She doesn't know that she literally saved my life while she was on the phone with me. But I fear that the tendency to harm myself is still there. I can't share this with her because I don't want her to feel guilty for my unwell-being or feel trapped knowing I'd kill myself without her.

I know a lot of this is cowardice, not facing my family and sharing this, not sticking up for what I want, enough. Not caring for her well enough. And that is even more motivation, because it makes me think 'I deserve this since I'm a coward anyway'.

I don't know what to do now. I still have that half-written note. We're partners and I share everything with her, but I can't share this with her for the reasons I've mentioned. But, I also can't live with her while knowing that this is between us, and think its very insincere as I would have wanted her to share this with me. I really want to share this with her as she's my partner and closest and most sincere friend, but I also worry that it will distress her.

I know I'm not okay. Over the past year I've found myself randomly crying when I'm alone unexpectedly. But I mostly manage alright.

Thank you for your time and for reading this, and hopefully for your kind words.

My biggest question in all this is, for people who've almost attempted suicide, how did you deal with your partner?