I'm nearing the end of my sanity rope...Just got done with another argument with my parents and I feel like I'm just fucking done. Everything has gone to shit. Literally everything. I can't enjoy anything, and I don't see my life getting that much better at this point. 
I don't even know what to post here just because I feel so jacked up. :/ I've never posted something like this before...


I'm a nineteen year old ex-college student who just got kicked out of University for shitty grades. This was mostly due to my depression (Failing a class three times), which I've had since about the end of High School. I've got through a few ups and downs and been medicated a few times, but nothing has really cured it. I have a feeling I suffer from PTSD because I often recall traumatic experiences that have happened to me in my past two years and can't get them out of my mind. 


The worst part of all is my parents. They don't understand my depression at all, even though I've tried my best several times to explain to them that it is an illness. My mom asks me "When I'm going to get over my depression" and my Dad can't say anything but "The only reason you have depression is because you stay up all night and sleep during the day." They think all of my problems come from staying up all night and sleeping during the day. I find that completely absurd, and my vitamin D isn't even all that low according to the doctors. But my parents just don't fucking get it. They also tell me to get a job ALL THE TIME, every day, and don't understand when I tell them that getting a job is impossible due to the mental state I'm in. Plus, nowadays getting a job isn't as simple as it was when they grew up in the 50's, and they don't understand that. My Dad blames me for stuff all the time, like keeping them up due to noise (when I wasn't even home for several days) and I've explained that to him. My Dad also says he has problems all the time, and doesn't press them on me, but it certainly seems like he does.


 The reason I do stay up  is because I cannot under any circumstances sleep well. 


Never have(even before depression), probably never will without the aid of some pill. But ever since I've been majorly depressed the sleeping problems have gotten that much worse. Sometimes I'll go days without sleeping, and I feel like my mind is just slowly unraveling itself. 


 The only times I can really have fun is dicking around with my friends in videogames. But even then, those only happen in the wee hours of the night, and my parents intervene to stop. I can't rightly get my own place because I have no money, can't sleep well, have so many problems, ect. 


I don't do anything from day to day, mostly because I can't. I told my parents today that I got kicked out of school, and of course I have several things that are just destroying me from the inside out. I can't think straight at all, I can't concentrate on anything at all, everything is just a bundle of misery. 

I feel like I used to be such a strong person, with so much to look forward too and an endless world outside of my oyster. Now I'm 19 feeling 90, at the end of my rope, creativity diminished, personality changed, cynical to the bone, and I just want to end it. I don't know what I'm going to do...