i tried and i'll never be good enoughI can't quit punching things.. I am so angry.. and yet I am so sad.. I feel frustrated because I can't change my life.. I'm dealing with problems that people dealt with in high school because I went straight to college and focused on the schoolwork rather than much else.. I feel sick to my stomach when I hear my mother moaning in her sleep.. The doctor prescribed me a medicine to take in the morning.. but my sleep schedule is so fucked up I can't stay awake during the day and I can't sleep at night.. The only thing I do when I get out of bed is eat and try to watch something funny to make me laugh so I don't cry all the time.. I don't even feel like brushing my teeth.. and now looking in the mirror it looks like I have a gum infection and maybe an abscess.. My mother won't take me to the dentist because I don't brush my teeth enough.. I wanted the HPV vaccine, but my mother is putting that off too.. Because she wants to save money.. How could I even use the free/cheap clinic if I already have health insurance but no money to pay them (because mother has a deductible).. plus mother will find out and bully me until she gets an answer? She bullies me and if I stand up to her she fucks with my mind and tells me that I bully her.. She's threatened to put a camera in the shower.. She's told me that I must be hearing things when I had proof that I wasn't...  She thinks that because I depend on her for shelter, food, and clothing that it must be a free pass to treat me like this.. And my psychiatrist says all I really need is a job.. and I can leave my life behind.. but no, I have to go through the rest of this.. Everyone thinks they have it the same way when they say "I'm out of work too." No they don't.. I've been looking for work on and off from 2008-2010. I was looking for work as much as I could since the end of 2010 when I graduated from college.. I'm autistic.. Even in a good economy I might not be able to get a job.. And so I'm left just like all the other high functioning autistic adults who can't get jobs.. Living with their parent.. Except I have to live here every single day with my emotionally abusive mother.. I'll never get out.. I already tried once and it was a failure.. I have nowhere else to go.. Even if I did, I doubt anybody would be competent enough to believe me.. because nobody did for 25 years.. I go to my therapist.. but therapy is supposed to change the person using the service.. It doesn't change other people.. All I need is a job that I'll never get.. And even if I could, I seem to be too dumb now anyway.. I was wasted talent.. I would have been the most dedicated, loyal employee.. Now I'm just a 200 pound piece of shit who will never do anything right.. and since I can't now, that probably means I never have.. I'll never be okay again.. My birth was my death sentence.. But government college grants.. this is where your taxpayer dollars are going.. they spend money on students.. who never get to be employed even in a minimum wage job.. Judge me.. hate me.. Show me tough love just like everyone I've ever known in person has.. Nobody wants me.. I'll be a virgin forever.. and yet I'm scared of getting an STD.. I hate myself.. I have since I was a child.. I fit the signs of emotional abuse but who really cares.. because it will go on forever.. I talk about it here, but I can't in person.. I know that I need to get out.. but I can't.. because I'm not brave enough.. It feels easier to die than it is to be bullied to the point where I can't keep anything to myself and feel extremely helpless because of it.. My life won't change even as much as I've tried... just hurt me too... tell me to shut up.. break my heart.. i'm not sure people can be real if they don't...