I don't even know what to think anymore.I don't know if this belongs in suicide watch. I don't want to commit suicide, but I think my friend might have just done so. I guess I'll know for sure in a few days, when he doesn't contact me. He was or is severely depressed. I'm not going to talk about all of his issues here, because there are a lot of them. The only relevant information for now is that he is or was suicidal, that I've talked him out of suicide before, and he didn't have a lot of friends. I was one of his only friends, and he is or was also one of mine.
Two nights ago we were talking on the phone about our relationships. I told him that I once told my [current] boyfriend that I loved him but that he didn't say that he loved me back. He told me that he was once in a relationship with a girl and the same thing happened, and that it made him lose interest in her, sort of insinuating that that same thing might happen to me. He was trying to give me advice, I guess. I started crying. He didn't exactly know that I would have reacted the way I did, but then again that isn't really the type of thing you say to someone if you're trying to help them with something. I told him that I needed some time alone and hung up.
Now, I have a problem with being confident in relationships. Long story short, I've dated some shitty people and people who made me feel insecure, guilty, and generally badly about myself (and I'm sure most of you can understand or have experienced what I'm talking about). Because of that I've felt really insecure about a lot of my relationships, not just the romantic/sexual ones. The guy I'm dating now is a total sweetheart and we've been dating for almost 9 months now, but in the beginning of the relationship I was really scared about losing him because I can get really emotional at times. A month or so ago I finally started to feel more confident about this relationship because it's lasted so long.
So, after I hung up on my friend (and went to sleep, because it was night time), he sent me a bunch of messages saying that he was sorry, he didn't mean it, etc. I know that he didn't mean to hurt me, even though he didn't use the best advice. When I woke up, I told him that I would talk to him for a few days because I was angry about what he said, but that he shouldn't be afraid of losing me as a friend. I just needed some time to "recuperate," essentially. Last night he messaged me again, saying that he was 'leaving," and that he was sorry. From talking to him before when he was like this I knew that he meant that he was going to kill himself. Then he blocked me and deactivated his account before I could reply.
Not too long ago, he activated his account I guess, because he started talking to me again. He said that the way he said goodbye last night wasn't the proper way to go. Then he sent a few long messages that all boiled down to him not wanting to need people anymore when they didn't need him. He said that hurting me was essentially the tipping point. Then he blocked me again, and hasn't talked to me since.
If my reaction to what he said was his tipping point, I don't know if I'll ever be able to forgive myself. On the other hand, what he said really did hurt me. It's going to take everything in me to convince myself that it wouldn't be my fault if he killed himself, and even then I don't know if it will be enough. Does this mean that I should be completely selfless and not be offended when people deeply hurt my feelings? I don't even know if this is me being "offended" or if it's more me just being scared and hurt. And now I feel awful for making this post about myself, when it should be about my friend possibly just committing suicide. I don't even know what to think anymore.