My life story, I guessI’ve contemplated suicide so many times for a long time. I’ve had severe depression since I was 11 and I’ll be medicated for life. I’m almost 18. I haven’t left my house in years (since I switched to homeschooling at 14) other than to get a refill of pills each month. Even then, I can barely force myself to get to the doctor’s office. I hold it off until the withdrawal symptoms get really bad.  The depression started off with me losing interest in everything. I was into gymnastics all my life and then suddenly I wasn’t. I didn’t wanna go there, didn’t wanna go to school. I started skipping when I could in grade 7 (I was 11) I had no friends and no one really cared about that weirdo with no friends. Such a loser, am I right? Anyway, grade 8 it started getting worse. I skipped a lot more and got in a lot of trouble for it. My home life wasn’t so great at this point either. I mean, my dad and I always clashed. We would fight whenever we spoke, it would result in me crying, blah blah blah. I can’t remember much from those years because I pretty much tried to forget everything. Still had no friends at school, I always felt so lonely and I knew no one cared. Literally no. one. cared. That’s really why I skipped, I was so lonely and felt so embarrassed.  It’s funny how your past shapes you. I spent years being unwanted by everyone and hated being alone but now all I want is to be alone. I have no interest in the slightest to even socialize let alone leave my house. I’m getting side tracked, I do that all the time. So, where was I? Grade 8.  I think I skipped more days than I attended. Grade 9: new school, new people 
The pattern of having no friends continued. I was never one to initiate conversations because I wouldn’t wanna bother anyone. No one really spoke to me first. Because for many years no one seemed to like or care about me I always thought it was because of my looks. I must be ugly. That’s when my insecurities started. (7th grade) my insecurities control my life to this day. To the point I want to kill my self because I hate how I look. I need a slimmer jaw, smaller nose, bigger eyes, bigger boobs, bigger butt. And maybe if my eyes weren’t black as coal that would be nice too. Plastic surgery is a thing, sure. But not everyone has rich dads that will pay for that kind of shit. 

I remember when it was lunch, I hid in a bathroom stall so no one would see me sitting alone in the cafeteria. Pathetic, I know. I could barely talk to people. I would talk like “y-yes I just (pause) signed in” I was too nervous to even talk properly. Around this time I started taking pills for my depression/anxiety and my social skills DID get better eventually and I was able to talk like a normal person once again. (My social skills got worse and worse in the span of grade 7 to 9) 

In grade 9 I believe I attended 2 weeks of school in total. I got in huge trouble, parents were gonna get sued. (But they didn’t, thank god) 
Grade 10 is when I switched to homeschooling.  I of course had to do grade 9 work because I basically missed out on all of grade 9. At this point I still had hope I’d have friends and be happy like everyone else appears to be. I fantasized about that often. Such a CRAZY concept. I imagined what it would’ve been like if I had friends. How my life would’ve been different. I was always alone. I had no one. I don’t have my mom to talk to, the only one I had was myself. No one but myself. I knew I was alone in this world. Slowly I realized that and gave up on my silly fantasy. Over the years I just lost interest in people and whenever I have the chance to socialize, I genuinely don’t want to. I actually find it dreadful to talk to people now. Still my insecurities are there, I’m still lonely but I don’t care about that anymore at least, and I’m still a failure. The idea of life is silly. We live to die so why would it matter if someone ends it early? The point of life is literally meaningless. If you die, assuming heaven and hell aren’t real, you would just be dead. Nothingness. Your existence wouldn’t have even mattered. But if hell is real, you’d die just for more endless suffering. I can’t even look at myself in the mirror. I’m tired of hating myself for how I look. But after all these years my opinion has changed on society. What I’ve learned is no one cares about me, people are fake, I’m alone in the world. Yes I want to be alone. But I can’t remember exactly when that started. Probably not long after realizing I AM alone. I can’t trust people. I don’t have anyone, I don’t need anyone. But am I just lying to myself? Does a part of me still want a normal life? No. I don’t. I just wish I wasn’t born. This was useless and meaningless. My existence didn’t matter, it was just filled with wasted years, crying and over thinking.  I don’t know why I’m writing this. I just needed to get it off my chest. Before writing this I was thinking about ending it. But I’m not sure anymore. The truth is, I’m scared of the possibility of hell. So if I must, I’ll exist but not exist at the same time. As I’ve been doing.. it annoys me how I’m wasting my youth. But what good is it anyway if you aren’t attractive? That’s all that matters to people anyway. I always over think things and ALWAYS think of the worst. But I have to entertain the idea that the worst possibility is true because it may be. 

I didn’t go into detail about things because I already knew this would be insanely long. Who knows if anyone will read it anyway?