What a surprise, I fucked up againI fucked up, I don't know where to even begin. I'm not perfect, I'll admit it and everything is literally my fault. I cheated on my wife, again, with females online. Was never physical just flirt and swaping pictures. Wife found out, again, and we're back at this crossroads. I don't blame her one bit for feeling the way she is. Hell, I don't know why she didn't leave after the first time. But here we are, like 3 or 4 times later. 

I literally don't know what to do. She's talking about leaving, which I fully understand why and don't blame her, but...fuck. We have two kids and now they are stuck in the middle of this all because of me. The day after she found out, we had a long talk. A talk, instead of the usual screaming that has happened in the past and I think I discovered the root of the problem. What compels me to do this. Not an excuse but long story short, growing up with overbearing parents, not being quite the looker in school and getting next to no female interaction when I was younger is why I crave it, I think. 

I know in the end I'm responsible for my actions, nor am I the only one who has been in that situation growing up so I know it doesn't excuse me for what I choose to do of my own free will but I think that is where this craving for attention is coming from, right or wrong. I told her I'd look up resources, don't know if I need a psychatrist or a sex therapist or what, but I'm serious about getting help. And I've already found a few leads that I'm intending on following up on. 

But now, after I told her 100% of the truth, to the best of my knowledge, she's finding small holes in the story that I truly forgot (like me being wrong about the date it started or claiming she found an email that I literally have no idea what in the world she's talking about) and now it's looking like there's no way out of this one. I have no idea how to make it work with the kids. I told her I'd rather we stay married for a few years for medical insurance reasons and she can use some of my work benefits to complete her school and get a better job to take care of the kids while I don't mind paying child support but it still leaves so many questions unanswered. I know this is extreme but I'm already looking up shotguns online in the local area. I don't want to but I really don't know what to do. 

Last time this shit happened, I did something similar, even looked into just running away from everything and trying to move into a homeless shelter or some shit. Fuck, just typing that out sounded so pathetic and full of cringe. In the end, I don't know where to go from here. I understand I'm so lucky that she stuck with me as long as I have but I really don't see a way out. It doesn't help that work is fucking awful so I might as well become another statistic for my career field and maybe try to make something better on that end. 

I know I fucked up, I know this is my fault but I'm lost at this point. I can't believe she stuck with me for as long as she has, if it were the other way, I would've left after the first time. I just don't know what to do and with everything, I know I have other options, but I see this as the easiest way out.