Feeling Like Now's the Time24 year old male here who's lived the common, mundane loser existence. 

I was in college for 5 years before I took the semester off this time around. I got my first job at 21 and it was hell from the start. I had no experience with the work and my coworkers and bosses didn't like me.

I quit my job after about 2 years last March without telling my parents. Last spring semester was terrible academically. I never studied and barely got by. There was no interest in the field I was studying and going to class was a chore and ultimately pointless. 

I've had social anxiety and depression since age 12 and no real friends since then. No luck with women either, considering I lost my virginity to an escort 6 months ago. That lead to an addiction to them that got progressively worse. I don't think it's a sex addiction, though it may be. I just think I enjoyed being around someone other than my family on a daily basis. I found this one escort in July that I developed feelings for. I know it's pathetic but it happened. I blew almost every cent of my $15,000 savings on her. We had a falling out a few days ago which was mainly my fault. I didn't want to tell her I have no money left so I just brought up things in the past she's done that got under my skin in order to drive her away.

The worst part is that my parents recently found out about everything. They're the helicopter type parents who got suspicious as to where I was going every day. While I was driving back from seeing the escort for the final time my mom sent me a text saying she went through the phone bill and saw the escorts number. I was so embarrassed that I drove to an empty parking lot and tried to hang myself inside my car with my belt. Now my parents are understandably pissed at me and trying to get me back on track. But the sad part is that I don't want to go back to what I was doing. I woke up every day looking forward to seeing an escort and spending the rest of the day doing nothing. I told myself that I would commit suicide when the money ran out, but I haven't worked up the courage. I did try to hang myself again a few days ago, but I got scared and quit. 

Has anybody else felt like this before? I had a small amount of time to live in my own personal paradise, but now that it's over I feel like there's no point in continuing.