My last confession, I don't want to keep going anymore.I cheated my ex boyfriend for four months and keep lying to him because I didn’t wanted him to look at me like a whore. I was trying to get a second chance. Let’s call this ex boyfriend “David”

Yes, I should have told him the truth since the first time he had evidence I was cheating on him.

At first I just told him it was just emotional cheating, I told him I was going to stop talking to this “other guy” but I didn’t because apparently I have emotional dependence on him. He discovered I was still talking to him that was the second time he knew I was lying.

The third time was when I he “pushed me” to tell him the entire true, and the true was that I had sex with this other guy.


Yes, I did a terrible mistake.


To be honest I regret everything, we had 2 1/5 years together and I decided to cheat.  Honestly I was going to have a happy future with him.

He was kind of a “bad boyfriend” with me but that does not mean its okay to cheat. We just needed the right form of communication. When he noticed something was wrong he changed, he was doing everything to make me happy, but I was ungrateful, hanging out with this other guy.

I know I can move on, but honestly I don’t want to move on. I can’t forgive myself.
I have been bullied since I’m 6 years old. Tried to kill myself 2-3 times but I meet a guy who was my boyfriend and make me feel safe… he raped me a few months later, I was 16. Keep being physically and emotionally bullied at school because I was a “weird bitch” at school, then I meet David. I was abused one morning when I  was 18-19, on my way to work(almost a year ago, David was not very supportive, actually he was a little bitch but he regrets that a lot so it dosen’t matter)

My parents act like they hate me, my older sister is “always better than me”.

To them, I’m a whore, manipulative, liar, stupid, useless… and more negative stuff; they always look for an opportunity to make me feel bad. 

I tried to kill myself yesterday with a overdose but the guy who is not David looked for me, and David called the cops, I think he stills cares.

Honestly I have done nothing wrong all these years until know.

It has been almost a month since our relationship ended. It has been painful; I betrayed his trust more than once. I honestly just want to change; I would never do something like that again. Never

David was my only motivation to keep going; he’s gone now because of me. He can be my friend but honestly I’m just done with life… I’ve been left with nothing. He was the only thing I had.

I don’t want to “find someone else” my life have been too difficult to continue knowing that I lost my opportunity of happiness because of me.

I know I can, but I don’t want to, that would be difficult.

Everything in my life is terrible, I don’t have any motivation, I hate myself, I know I can be a  “good looking girl” but that’s the only “good” thing of me. 

My options are leaving the country and start a "new life" or just kill myself. The second one is easier.
 
I’m going to swim one last time, watch the ocean, draw, sing, listen to music and then kill myself.

I can’t afford a gun but I have a knife, and probably going to stab myself until I can’t swim, I don’t know if I’m going to bleed until dead or drown me first.

I hope you can find someone better than me. I was not good enough, not brave enough.
I screwed up your life, and I don’t want to continue if I’m not at your side because it was my mistake loosing you.

To my friends: I’m sorry, you don’t need me and you will move on quickly.
