I'm having thoughts, but even I don't know for certain if I'll follow through with themIt may sound pathetic (Which is why I'm posting this on reddit of all places, and no where else), but the internet is my life.  I work for my mom, so she has pretty much full control over me in her workplace.

 So I miss one day of work, and she decides to shut everything down completely. No internet, no Television, can't even flip the channel to the news. Only access to the internet I have at all is at work, or (possibly) at the gym with my ipad, which might not work, because i just learned i'm the only one in the office that the work wi-fi doesn't work for, so i'm afraid that it's not going to work at the gym either. And there's been no mention of how long this is supposed to last, so I'm left to assume its forever.

It's basically turned home into a jail. I could leave, but I don't have a car or anything, so i don't have anywhere to go if i left the house.  

My mom's a dentist, so it's also a jail full of sharp knives and over the counter medicines.

I'm 20 year old male who's at least 70 pounds overweight, flunked out of community college, ADHD, and my life basically is going no where.

It's only been a few days since I've been 'cut-off', so take this for a joke if you will. And my mom probably wouldn't take me seriously if I told her. So I've made up my mind and decided that I won't tell her,  regardless of whether or not I do choose to go through with this.


It's an obvious case of internet  withdrawal, but I literally have nothing to do at home other than take a few sleeping pills( So i can just sleep the boredom away) and confine myself to my bed while I ruminate on those thoughts.

As I've already stated, I still don't know if I WILL do it, but I don't even have a televison to watch and pretend the internet doesnt exist. Zero entertainment at home, with no options to 'just go out' and do something else.
^^
Not without spending a chunk of my paycheck at least, i.e  $7 or more to take a taxi to the movies, $25 to watch a movie i probably don't even want to watch, $7 or more to taxi back home. which only gives me a solution for three hours out of the rest of one day.