18 and just don't want to live anymoreNever really done this before, so I guess I'll start with some background info about myself. I turned 18 a little over a month ago, and it's really hit home how much I've missed in my life. Due to an anxiety disorder and depression, I dropped out of school half way through grade 10, and have spent basically the last 4 years inside.

I've never really had any friends, and the people I did "hang out" with would mostly ignore me and talk to each other while I listened. I wasn't able to do any school assignments out of fear of getting the answers wrong and looking like an idiot to the teacher, and my time at home was spent either being screamed at by my mum/older sisters or using the internet so that I could escape all the stress. My 2 older sisters have treated me like shit since as far back as I can remember, and my mum has never done anything to stop them.

I've always been a shy kid, but it got really severe in early grade 10 (when I was maybe 13-14 years old). I even tried to approach my mum about it and get help, but she pretty much told me that I was a liar, that I was lazy and a millstone around her neck. Shortly after that, I stopped going to school because I was so behind on my assignments that I just didn't see any point in it, and my mum sent me to live with my father in a caravan park in another state, though I moved back a few months later.

Since then, my entire life has been spent inside my room at my computer, maybe going outside a few times a month to go to the doctors office. I've been put on Cymbalta (duloxetine) for my anxiety and depression, but as far as I can tell it has stopped working; all it does now is make me feel sick/nauseous when I don't take it, or if I take it without eating (an easy thing to do, since I rarely feel hungry anymore). I feel frustrated and depressed that other people have been able to live like regular teenagers while I've been trapped inside. It's even worse that my younger sister brings her friends over all the time, almost like she's rubbing it in my face that I'm not normal (though I know she's not). 

Every day it feels more and more like there's no point in continuing to live, that even if my condition does improve (unlikely, according to every source I've read), I'll never be able to live happily knowing how much I missed out on as a teenager and young adult. I'm planning to kill myself sometime in the next two weeks, and honestly I don't really think anything you say could convince me not to. Everything in my life is one massive disappointment after the next. Cymbalta stops working, and all the progress I'd made from it is gone. I'm going to get on a disability pension, so now I can finally have money coming in to buy some things that I want (family is very poor); nope, most of that goes towards rent, bills and groceries, leaving me only $40 a week. I'm going to enroll in a TAFE course for captive animal care, which includes 15 hrs a week of volunteer work at an animal shelter. Finally, something I'm interested in; the first thing I've been excited for in 3 years. Nope, no animal shelters have any volunteer spots available, so I can't do it. 

Everything feels completely pointless, and that no matter what good things I think are going to happen, something always comes along to fuck it up. I'm a good person. I don't deserve to suffer like this. I just want to die and for all my troubles to be over. Sorry if I write all over the place, I'm really tired atm.