I think i wasted it while there and I forget to subscribe again. The result was that I wasted a year, did not tell my parents, fucked a small amount of money ''( I say small because he never paid shit for me and my mother, he drinks a lot and had spent in the past a tremendous amount of money for himself in clothes, cars, alcohol)''. I'm at my home, I want to kill myself, but at the same time I know it's stupid Ihave, from what I have heard a lot of potential. l. I'm ''apparently'' good writing, poetry and classic literature is my favorite, I wrote things before and had go really good feedbacks, I also like English, and philosophy.   
But the situation between my mother and father. The fact that I lied about the Univ, the same fight between them over and over. The false hope and dreams that I had in the past, and the harsh reality. I spent years on my computer, all day long like rotten garbage, is miserable. I hate myself because I'm not only a stereotype (cliche of a teen, that'sf ailing like shit), , but I didn't dare to do shit. I was good at writing, and I stopped because I know that I will never go anywhere with that. I wasted my year in Univ, and now I have to rush like a fucking tard, trying to find some random study that Ican take to get a job that I don't like. I could have moved to Canada maybe, but I think it's too late, my father will never want, And he will for sure, refuse because I already skipped the 1 year of Univ. I'm stuck, I don't know what to do. I will end up with a job I don't like, with people I don't stand, in a place, that I want to leave. I fucked up so badly   And it's screwed because everything will be so complicated after that. I only liked writing, learning things in politics of philosophy. And also comedy. But you can't make a career out of it. At least in my situation. So I know now that, the world is harsh, but at least it's no that bad because, I understand now how people feel when they say there a fucked, I never thought i would, but I'm now what I've always questioned. misery in its most ungracefully and  bland form.  

I don't even know why i'm writting this, don't suffer that much, a just a random guy , that dreamed of litterature and all, but because i can't writte french propley i can't do anything. I'm jobless, with lies on the back and nothing else. I will end up having  shitty life because of me and the whim of a father that wanted a soon but never did shit with it.