Intrusive dark thoughts - please help me...Dear Redditors,

Can somebody help me out or is currently going through this…

**One important notice: I am not an attention seeker, I am really asking for help because I feel like I am running out of options.**

I have been struggling since the past months with some really dark and intrusive thoughts, I cannot make them go away and they are getting more severe each week that goes by. 

The thoughts go something like: your life is meaningless and you will feel this way (unhappy) for the rest of your life, it will not get better. My mind finds pleasure whenever I get hurt (not on purpose) and feel like I deserve it because I am a terrible human being.

I thought it was just a passing phase, but it is almost half a year and it is getting worse, because now I started having also suicidal thoughts (I don’t really want to kill myself, I just want all this pain and unhappiness to end) – sometimes I even wished I was never born to begin with.

I believed that sharing these worries with my dear ones (boyfriend, family) will help me somehow, but so far to no avail, they now think I’m crazy and suggested to seek professional help. So I did. 

I went first the church (my parents’ suggestion) to confess and ask for God’s help and forgiveness. You see, I am a believer in a bigger power, but not to the point where I would regularly go to church or pray – So I thought, why not? Maybe the priest could ease my mind with his advices. I was wrong. He was appalled at my confessions (I had an unfortunate miscarriage, got in an unhealthy relationship, at one point was so desperate to talk to someone that I talked to a “fortune teller” although I don’t believe in these either). The priest thinks now that I go hand in hand with the devil as he has granted all my previous wishes, and now God is making me pay for this. This news is not helping me at all. 

I went to a shrink/psychiatrist. He believes there is nothing wrong with me (that I “am very rational and make the difference between good and bad”), and it’s just a “passing phase”. He suggested I do things that I like to take my mind off these thoughts, and it’s not helping as I tried it already!!

I started taking Xanax too (no medical prescription), and I’m not feeling any difference either, my pain and dark thoughts are still there.  

It has nothing to do with my workplace or family, all is well there. I tried to give myself time and do the things I once enjoyed- I find no more happiness in them. I just feel the need to find comfort in something or somebody, but I cannot. I am very afraid that one day I will act upon my dark thoughts and do something I regret. I am afraid that one day soon I will try to kill myself because I am very impulsive. I am feeling completely lost.