If my life isn't worth celebrating, then why is it worth mourning?I've been depressed and have had suicidal tendencies since childhood. But lately it's really been weighing me down. I feel so unwanted/unlovable.
For the most part, I have one friend. I asked her about a week in advance if we could go out for drinks on my birthday. Day of, she said she was tired and didn't really want to go out, but said, "I'll like, go out to eat or something" which made me feel like a burden to spend time with. So I told it was cool and she didn't have to hang out with me. So I spent the day alone because i didnt have anyone else.
Since then, she doesnt really talk to me anymore, and the one time I tried to tell her how she made me feel on my birthday, she literally screamed at me about how she hates when people assume her intentions.
A few weeks later, I sent out an email at work inviting everyone to go out to a bowling alley/bar after work one day, but i was the only one who showed up. I don't mind hanging out at a bar alone, but I feel like an idiot for thinking people might want to hang out with me.
I've tried reaching out to old friends and acquaintances, but the conversations are brief and don't help much with the loneliness.
I wasn't planning on dating again for a while (break up was like 3 months ago) but i figured it might help with the loneliness. So far not much has come of that. We talk for a few days and then never meet up for a date.
I'm running out of ideas, and I'm thinking it looks like no one really cares about me. They just don't want the guilt of a suicide happening to someone they know. But if I wasnt worth spending time with when I was alive, what is there to miss when I'm dead? Killing myself would be like taking a chair that's never used out of the basement. You notice that it's gone, but its not like you were ever going to sit in it.
Yes, I'm very medicated and it does help a bit. I've been to therapy. I've tried a few different treatments. But it really comes down to the fact that I'm a social being with social needs trapped inside an unlovable husk.