Can't commit suicide out of guilt but sometimes I really wish I could.This is gonna be long because I don't really feel like I can talk to anyone in my life anymore. 

I've been depressed/anxious basically my entire life. Growing up my mom used to tell me I was a worrier, just like her. I got bullied from 1st grade onward cos I was an awkward fat kid and shy, so naturally nobody liked me. And the only person who did a made a point to tell me that she didn't like me as much as her real best friend. Bummer. 

Home life kinda sucks growing up. We are super poor (lights getting turned off levels of poor) and always have been. Parents both abuse pills except my mom is also disabled. Blah blah blah life sucks. Get a friend in middle school who is my world, end up living with her while my mom's in rehab or whatever in the 8th grade, and eventually said friend mentally/emotionally abuses me and says I ruin everyone lives and shit. Ok cool. 

Life goes on. Parents almost get divorced but change their minds out of the blue. I get a boyfriend for like 5 years who dumps me out of depression or something in college. I recover from this fairly well tbh. 

I'm 25 now, and the last 4 years of my life have just been a struggle. College was awful and showed me how much of a lazy stupid piece of shit I am. Multiple instances of being used and discarded by men I really loved or trusted. My last heartbreak (last summer) has seemed to permanently do me in. I loved him so much and it still wasn't good enough, but I guess the girl he's dating now is. Sucks to suck. 

None of my friends actually like me. I can sense it, deep inside. The way they just put up with me while I'm talking. How they never check up on me. I live with my best friend and her girlfriend. Ever since we moved in with the gf it hasn't been the same. I feel like a ghost. I locked myself in the dark of my bathroom for like 2.5 hours yesterday and no one noticed or cared. But that's okay because I don't really blame them. 

No one has ever really liked me. I learned that I am simply not likeable from a young age, and yet I still cry about it like it's fresh news or just happened. 

I have been in therapy and on meds for a year. And yet I still sit in the bath for 2 hours at a time thinking about why I should just commit suicide if life is only ever going to feel this way, as it only ever has. 

But I can't kill myself. Even if I don't love myself, I love my family. I love my friends even if I don't really believe they love me back. I love my cat. I don't want them to suffer because of me. It's not their fault that things are just so awful. There's nothing they can do. I know my mom would be absolutely destroyed, and so would my sister. I feel so trapped, doomed to spend my life miserable but alive just so I don't hurt anyone. I don't know what to do. 

I have been withdrawing from my meds for days now and everything is worse now. I don't know how to cope going forward. I feel like I've given life all I can give, and I'm still so unhappy and unloved (unless it's out of familial obligation). 

I don't know why I'm writing this. I'm not going to kill myself and everyone knows it. No one takes me seriously. I've never even self harmed and I'm too chickenshit to start. Nothing is real, and simultaneously everything is too real. The way I feel is real, but invalid. I have no place here and no purpose. I am a prisoner. 

*Also posted on r/depression. This is a throwaway.