I just can't do it anymoreI'm just not going to post my whole story here because it's way too long and no one is going to read this anyway... The long and short of it is basically I've been through some traumatic life experiences and that leaves me with a laundry list of mental illness' I started self harming myself in middle school and it went unnoticed until I had to get tested for scoliosis and the school nurse saw my arms. She told the guidance counselor who called my parents and all that basically came of that is my mom said why would you do this? I just stood in my room wanting to die so badly because I didn't cut in noticeable places and still got caught. This didn't make me stop until about 9th grade of high school. I don't know something changed in me. I grew out of the self harming phase and I was so proud of myself. I had a boyfriend who I loved at the time, life was good. I was self harm "clean" for 7 years. I was unhappy with myself again and then my boyfriend committed suicide. Everything went downhill from there I couldn't cope I took a leave off of work and went to a program every day for mental health. I started self harming again and I was diagnosed with trauma, ptsd, depression, gad and I'm pretty sure that was it. I was started on medications and was having a lot of hallucinations. This went on for awhile and then stopped since I was talking a lot in group at this program and getting a lot of validation on things I shared. I was in the program for 3 months and then I completed the program and I had showed enough improvement. I still stood out of work for a little while longer and continued to work on myself. I met a guy, he is amazing and always listened to me and still does. I can honestly say I have completely finished grieving the loss of my ex. I am in a happy healthy relationship and thats all I could ask for. A month a go, I lost my sister to triple negative breast cancer, she fought to the very end. I feel traumatized because I basically watched her die. I am left feeling empty in a sense. All of my mental illness' are hitting me hard. Self harm is always on my mind. I really don't see a point of me going on anymore. I will never be good enough for myself and all I want to do is hurt myself. I just don't know where to turn anymore. I don't want to hurt my loved ones but at the same time I'm hurting so badly that its taking away any quality of life. 