I know I am going to kill myself for what I have doneGuilt. the weight of my guilt is far to heavy to hold. i sit here and write this because i know for a fact i will be ending my life soon. wanna hear a story about a lucky healthy kid from the suburbs who got blessed and then managed to lose it all out of pure stupidity? sit back, its a sad one. At the age of 18 I had already dropped out of high school, got a bunch of stupid tattoos, did herion and obviously every other drug under the sun and welp lived like a total loser. Then God being the amazing thing he is opened the door to the half abandoned house i was living in and there she was. my saving grace, my angel from above. she was in a relationship with someone for a year already and things werent working out, i used this to my advantage and swhooped her off her feet with all the best things you can imagine. exactly what she and i needed, love. It was incredible love. unbelievable how well her and i connected on every single level imaginable, she is my soul mate. out of every single woman on earth she is the only one i will ever love. Then I got in some trouble with the law about a year into our relationship, it caused a horrible downward spiral of our relationship and it got to the point where i would show her no attention and just sit in depression all night and sleep all day. horrible mistake. she was approached by an ex boyfriend from years before and she took his attention. It devastated me, she told me she did not do it to my face and i trusted her. only to get the most vulgar text messages between her and the other guy the next day. I never took time to heal i never broke up with her and saw how important she was to my life, i basically caused the beginning to the end. I became horrible. The reason i need to die is for what i have done to her from that moment on, I can not even express the amount of mental abuse i put this girl through while she loved me so very much. she did everything for me after her mistake she would pleasure me at any moment she would rub my feet after she was standing on hers all day. I became a monster, and then i cheated. i cheated and hid it behind her back while the entire time she was begging for my baby. begging for me to marry her. pleading for my love. I never gave her love, i just took. she loved me beyond words for so long while i did absolutely nothing for her, just took her incredible love for granted day in day out. i am left with the option of living the rest of my life knowing i completely ruined a perfect love story relationship that would have lasted my entire nature life, or take one more thing from this world; my meaningless life. ill miss a lot when im gone but its betting then being here to miss her every single second trying to fake happiness but deep down knowing i caused myself to lose the greatest thing god will ever give me.