It's the end.I don't even know how to begin this. Today, I was supposed to attend school but I didn't and so, my mom brought my principal, Counsellor and my teacher to visit me in my home. The thing is, I am Super depressed recently and didn't even went out my room for more than 2 months but my mom thought it was a good idea to unlock my door and allow everyone in. No matter how much I scream, shout and cried or hurt myself, no one wanted to leave my room. I was so pressured and couldn't breathe and yet no one cared. This is the worst mental breakdown I had. Is it even correct for them to do this to someone that is suffering from depression and social anxiety ?? To be honest, I was actually thinking of committing suicide last night but I tried my best not to because to be very honest, the thing that is keeping me alive is the thought that I'm finally allowed to own a cat and I have yet to own a cat. But today, after the whole meeting my principal thingy, I've this sudden urge to jump down the building or overdose. I'm going to do this. Funny thing is, after the whole incident, everyone started to act normal as if nothing happened. NONE OF THEM EVEN CARED ABOUT MY FEELINGS AND NONE OF THEM EVEN CARED THAT I WAS HAVING A MENTAL BREAKDOWN. ALL THEY CARED ABOUT WAS MAKING SURE I WAS LECTURED ABOUT MISSING SCHOOL AND YET EACH AND EVERYONE OF THEM CLAIM THAT THEY ARE HELPING ME. THEY EVEN WANTED ME TO QUIT SCHOOL ALTHOUGH I KEPT OBJECTING IT. They claimed that I would not be able to catch up with everyone and kept bringing me down. Truth is, school started 2 months ago and I've only attended once. I want to prove to them that I can do it but really, I just want to kill myself once and for all and make them feel guilty for the rest of their life. In my country, if we were to apply for a year leave from school, everyone will start looking down on you because you'll graduate a year later from everyone else. My "counsellor" is being so fucking rude and obviously doesn't have a filter for that stupid mouth of hers. My family hates me. When I told them I wanted to kill myself in the past (I was stupid. Shouldn't have told them. I didn't know what I was doing), they told me to actually do it and so I did. It was an unsuccessful attempt and I was admitted into the psychiatric ward. My mom told all my relatives and they all came to visit me. My mom and Sister started treating me so nicely and suddenly started to care about me. Did they think that I was not actually going to do it ?? I hate them a lot. So fucking two faced. They are the ones that told me to kill myself and my Sister even asked why am I still standing there if I said I wanted to kill myself and yet when I really did it, all of them started crying and started to actually give a damn about me. What a joke. It's official. I hate everyone. My heart has official turned stone cold. To be honest, I'm not scared of dying but the only thing is, I haven't got to own a cat and that will be my only regret in life. I'm scared that I'll be sent to the psychiatric ward again if I fail to kill myself again. I hate the psychiatric ward. I hate everything. I just want to kill myself :) I'll be going now. Bye everyone and thank you for reading although I'm kind of confused by what I'm writing too. I feel so fucking alone. My friends have all forgotten about me. My family hates me. I have nobody. I'm not pretty enough. Not smart enough. Not thin enough. I'm nothing but a piece of garbage. 