An Open LetterMy name is MLC. I wish, more than anything, that I were normal. I wish that I didn't have a bad leg. I wish that I didn't have a bad back. I wish that I didn't have PCOS. I wish that I didn't have a lesion on my eye. I wish that I weren't broken.

It hurts so much to know that even if nothing more goes wrong with me physically I have so much baggage that no one will ever want me. Who would want a woman who may never be able to have kids, but wants them. A woman who can't walk in snow. A woman who, no matter how much she diets and exercises, can't seem to loose an ounce. A woman with a c-section scar who has never been pregnant. I can't think of a situation where I would be willing to be with someone who has much physical baggage as I have, let alone the emotional.

I don't remember most of my life from before I was eighteen. I have brain damage, and will likely never remember those things. I don't remember loosing my virginity, or even who I lost it to. I know that I tried to kill myself several times in my teens. I don't remember being depressed, or the suicides, but I remember waking up in a hospital bed, and being so sad that I was still alive. Although, most of the time, I don't feel depressed, I sometimes wish that one of those attempts had worked.

The one thing that really seems to help is to write. Not like this, but fiction. The problem is, I have horrible writers block, and I don't know what to do. I can't help that think that if I were to be published someone may be able to balance my problems with a love for my mind and heart. Without a book, there's no proof that i'm worth having.

No one would want a woman with brain damage, who at best is cute, who, when naked, looks about as horrible as a person can look.

I sometimes wish that I had the courage that I had in my teens, the courage to try to end it all. At the same time, I'm glad that I don't.

My name is MLC, and I should be on a suicide watch, but don't have the courage to tell a soul. I have no one in my life who I can call friend, no one who knows how I feel, no one who knows I sometimes hear voices, no one who I can tell who wouldn't blame themselves.

I really do wish that I were dead.