How do I help someone I loveI’m here not for myself but for someone I really care about... my fiancée has been suicidal in the past and has been having a tough time lately because of work, her being alone while I’m on leave, and not being as successful as she wants to be at this point in her life.

Work: she works remotely for a nonprofit 100% of the time so she is literally alone when working and only interacts over email, Slack or the phone and when I’m home. I work in an office 4 days a week and can work from home Wednesday’s but even on Wednesday’s we are both buried in work even at home. She recently found out a couple things about work like her boss just signed a consultant to take some load off of her but is getting compensated almost 4x what she got doing the same thing a year ago ($22 vs $87/hr). That is bs imho. She also found out another employee is getting paid $50k more than her annually doing less work... I’ve tried to tell her that I understand that the situation is shitty and the best thing u can do is show face and just look for a new job to leave. What makes it even worse is we are supposed to go to her boss’ wedding next weekend. I’m okay with not going but expressed that we probably should go to not make things awkward. Plus we already paid for the trip.

Being alone: as mentioned above, she works remote and works her ass off to get paid less than other employees. She’s in a position where if she slacks, nothing will get done vs if the others slack, she picks up the pieces. She’s obviously getting taken advantage of... I took a 2 week vacation to visit my mom and grandma because they’re getting old and my fiancée was fine with me going on this trip until I was actually gone she started feeling lonely and scared. I’m going back on Wednesday but she keeps saying she might not be alive when I get back... 

Not being successful: I tell her everyday to be thankful for what she has vs what she doesn’t and that seems to just piss her off. I want her to realize that we have a house, we have been together for 8 years and hoping to be married by next year. She has a loving family with her parents, sister and her niece and nephew. And me. That’s success to me... but she is always hard on herself how she hasn’t been able to get into a job she wants. Not being able to be smart enough to get into an MBA program. She says it’s too late for her cuz she’s already 28 and people getting their dream job out of college or an MBA right after their bachelors.

Me: I’ve been always optimistic. But I’ve been burned by fake friendships, my mistakes, jobs, I even moved out of a previous job to support her wanting to move to a different place and had to pay back a bonus I received because it didn’t vest for another 4 months. Despite that, I’m still here. What advice can I give her to take away the pain other than suicide? I love her as a whole even with these problems she’s had because she was there for me when we first met. She gave me advice on how to organize, be a leader, etc. if it wasn’t for her, I probably wouldn’t have had the optimistic mindset I have now... I want to help her the same way she’s helped me.