My social life is a pile of shitI'm nearly 16. Why am I not having that great experience everyone is having? Is it my autism? My anxiety? I'm always so frightened to socialize. It goes deeper than fear of judgement. It's fear of restarting the bullying from middle school and being viewed as creepy/clingy. I only have 2 genuine friends, and even then, I'm not their best friend probably. I'm too scared to even text them or ask them to hang out, especially since one is a girl. I never know what to say in conversations, much less start one. I cant make smart and witty comments  and remarks lime everyone else in a convo. Ive never been a "standard" teen. Everyone seems to be president of x club or on x varsity team (I'm not athletic). I'm in the robotics team, but it doesn't fill the void. I hear guys talking about their hookups and GFs. I've never held a girl's hand. I have a sparse social media following, while everyone is snapchatting tens of people 24/7. I'm scared to follow or message anyone for gear of being blocked and labled a creep. Guys still subtly pick on me sometimes. I dont know why. I try to be nice but nothing works. I dont talk like them or know about all the things they talk about and can't seem to mix in all those colloquialisms and slang most teens use, even if I try. I dont have anyone to hang out with after school. I've never been invited to a party.

&amp;nbsp;

I just want to have friends
 Have some form of affection. I'm so scared to just try, even if im working on it. I'm starting speech pathology and seeing a psychiatrist next month, but I can't wait that long. I'm nearing the end of my rope. Don't give me shit about how "it gets better in college" or "x doesn't really matter in HS" because it does to me. I dont know how I'll be happy in college if I can't be happy now. I don't have the balls to kill myself, but I just want to fade away. I know nobody would miss me outside of my family, family friends, and 2 friends if I just disappeared one day. Everyone else would be like "oh that's sad" and go back to what they're doing without a second thought. I've talked to my dad, and he gives good advice, but it doesn't help. I'm really desperate for help. Please. Sorry for the formatting and grammar, I'm on mobile.