Really wanting to kill myself again.I know it's kinda silly, and I have posted her before on an alternate account. It's been a good 4 years since then. I did a lot of self-improvement went back to school to upgrade, got accepted into a university, focused on healthier hobbies like exercising, started limiting my gaming and everything. But I'm still really lonely, I feel really dead inside, I went on better medication managed my anxiety and depression for these 4 years but I'm still the same old guy.

I tried to force myself to believe I have a drive or passion, that I wanted to go into electrical engineering and make a difference, make my parents proud. But I'm just so unhappy, I'm suffering panic attacks in the middle of the night from the stress of Uni. 

I've put myself out there tried to fit in, regardless of common interests with people. But I'm just so socially awkward. I hid myself in my room for 4 years, and worked graveyard shifts while upgrading. I have no friends, online or in real life. No one wants to talk with me and I know it, I know that I'm probably just no fun to be around, and I know I make stupid remarks. People only talk with me at school when they need help with a question. Even then the stuff is far beyond me that I'm generally of no help as the content is starting to become beyond what I can comprehend. I feel bad asking others for help, cause I know I'm just a burden to them.

I just know how painful it is to fail at the act, I think I have a higher chance of success this time but I'm just scared to do it again. I know I really won't be missed with the exception of my parents. I have some expired Amitriptyline 25 mg, how much do you think would be required to ensure I don't fail this time. I have a total of 1200 mg of Amitriptyline from 2013. I haven't been prescribed this since my last attempt. Will it even be a viable prescription to use when its that old as it says it expires May 2014. 

I'm sorry to post this, everyone has their own shit to deal with.