I can't enjoy anything.I know I'm deep in the grievence stages due to a "potentional" break up, but for some reason this low has been the lowest I had ever been in my life.  It could have been that she picked me up from a low point, and showed me joy I hadn't felt in ages.. But it's taken its toll on her, and after four years she's looking to get out. 

I've contemplated and fantasized no differently than some.  I've attempted twice, once I couldn't go through with the level of comfort not being able to cut off my carotid artery properly and another because the idea of friends and family.  It happened at different stages of my life, and I feel like I'm finally getting to the stage where I have money, no will, and no attachments despite knowing people care.  I struggled with the idea of hurting those around me, but now I find myself just not wanting to deal with what's in me and understand the rippling effects it could cause.. But I'm caring less and less.

I'm getting physically ill, and riddled with anxiety seeing things in public, reading people's experience, and trying to understand what is suppose to be next in my future.  I've long been living a life where I have been carefully putting one step infront of the other, careful not to trip. I'm now in vertigo, with no where to go.  I don't know how I want to live anymore, I was able to have clairvoyance at one point.. But that is now all gone.  I've been in numerous long term relationships where I keep having to pick myself up and try again.. But now I feel like it is useless, it doesn't matter anymore.. I'm destined to live a life like this; and I'm tired. 

I would have ended it a few weeks ago, but I have no idea if I have a leathal dose of methephedamines to do me in or could further my problem. I decided to wait to be a little more rational and melodical.  I had a promise to myself amongst friends, almost a bloodpact that by either 18 or 30 I would commit suicide.  I'm on 30, and have had the worst year of my life despite achieving a dream.. That dream came with consequences that I didn't foresee or would ever want, now my dream is filled with regret and misery.. I feel trapped. My self worth has hit the newest low, and I find the hate that I have had for myself has deepended.   I love who I designed myself to be, but for some reason it has been fruitless in many different assets, and I feel as if I failed.

I'm trying to hang in there, but all hope is fleeting.  I can't see why I think this way, why I have thought this way for so long.  Why being loved by someone is so important to me.  Why my friends and parents love doesn't sit the same way. I feel like I'm pitiful for my woes, and it just perputuates a vicious cycle of repeating but unable to get out. 