Life isn't worth itIn one side I have


Pain
Suffering
Never ending depression
Fragile physical health
Poor mental health
Need of daily medicines
Unable to work properly due to my condition
Too old to have no accomplishments like I do
Hate a lot of mundane stuff 
Dislike most people I meet
Loneliness
Constant Sadness
No friends
No relationship works out for me



In the other side I have


A good family
Good looks
Family's money
My pets

The good things just aren't worth the bad ones.
For every good thing on life there are a lot of bad ones.
Nothing works out for me and I'll be 25 this year.
I don't love life, I don't enjoy living, I just poorly survive everyday trying to fill holes with superficial stuff like games or food.
But even games became boring and I have nausea and no appetite most time.
Nothing is enjoyable anymore.
I have a nice work but the pain and constant struggle make me do it poorly, making people see me as a lazy or slow girl.
Today I worked without any words because I had tears in my throat all the time.
Any speaking would make me overflow in front of everyone.
My eyes were red all the time.
This has been going on for more than 10 years and no matter how much I see doctors, therapists, take a hundred different pills, pills that made me fat, skinny, sleepy, it doesn't go away, it never does, it never will.
Life has no enjoyment for me.
The price I have to pay for enjoying it is too expensive.

I wish I could be healthy, different, happy, energetic.
I dont like this life.
But I've tried everything and I can't leave this hole, for every centimeter I climb up, a strong gravity like force pulls me meters down again.
When I thought I was reaching the bottom it turned out to be deeper and endless.

I want to cry, scream, someone please take me out from here, take me back to the surface.
But no one has the power to do it, for I am way too heavy even to stand up by myself.

Now I just need to choose the method.
I'm not scared of dying, I'm scared of pain and failure.