Suicide is quickly becoming the only option.I have nothing in my life. I do nothing with my life. I am a waste of space. All I do is sit in front of a computer all day and eat. I'm living with my father, but the only contact I have with him is when I go down to get food. He treats me like shit but it's the only place I can live. My mother kicked me out after she started an argument with me after I told he I feel suicidal. "How do you think I feel having to raise you," and shit like that. She shouted at me endlessly whilst I tried to stay calm, at which point I left. I went to my father's house and attempted to cut my wrists, but I barely managed to bleed. I had written a suicide note too. After about 3 hours of listening to music my mother somehow gets in the house and finds me trying to cut. I just got up and left telling her to fuck off, then went for a walk in the local woods for about 6 hours. I contemplated jumping off a 40-60ft cliff but the amount of dog walkers put me off. I went home, then me and my father got my things from my mothers house and took them up here to where I am now. It's a fucking shit hole, I've tried to clean up but he carries on being a fucking scrub. He gets massively infuriated over trivial things (e.g I said I would be able to make us both lunch in 10 minutes rather than straight away. He goes batshit). I want to move down to my Mother's house as it is a much nicer environment (despite her being a massive cunt also) but I'm not allowed to unless I apologise for what I wrote in the suicide note she found. It essentially said how my parents are the fuel for my depression and I backed it up with examples of how the treat me, things they do, etc...

I went to the Doctors, and they tell me I need a job. (I'm 19, btw). When I dropped out of college for "being lazy", which only my physics teacher understood to be depression and listened to me at the time, I did some volunteer work, followed by working in a Super Market. I would say I was getting better, but when my work contract ended at the Super Market I turned down the offer to carry on there, and quit the volunteer work as I was far worse than before. When at the Doctors, my parents say their side of the story and I never get a chance to speak, so to them I'm just a bit depressed. I can't even motivate myself to do things I want to do. I sit at a computer all day being told all I do is play video games. Nope. I do nothing. I can't motivate myself to play games. I love mountain biking, but I can't motivate myself to go riding. My friends are awesome, but I can't motivate myself to go to the pub for a few hours. I can't even motivate myself to go out with the girl I like, she knows I've had "mental problems," and she has had some too, but I can't tell her why I don't meet her because I don't want her to think I'm making excuses not to see her.

So, I have nothing. I am nothing. I have no education to do the jobs I want to do. The one job I do want to do (and the ONLY thing I am motivated in the slightest for) I'm "not allowed to do" as it's "not a real job." I want to try, but my parents are holding me back. I'm 19 for fucks sake not a bloody child. I see no point in going on. Until recently I've always been afraid of death. I'm an atheist so as far as I'm concerned death is final. Now it just seems better to get it over and done with. I don't know how soon; it may be a few days, or a few weeks, I'm not sure, but what I am sure about is that I won't make it to 2014.