I just feel sadMy college course is hard lately. I put everything off until the last minute and I’m going to flunk, I know that, all this is going to catch up with me, but I can’t make myself care. I laugh it off with all my classmates who joke about how they haven’t done anything either, but the fact is they either have or will, because they’re not useless pieces of shit like me. It’s not even like I don’t like the course or don’t think I’d like to work in the area I’m studying— I’m just lazy and don’t care what happens to me while being simultaneously plagued with guilt at the prospect of sitting around at home burdening everyone I love. I don’t want that and I’m trying so hard but at the same time no I’m fucking not.

I moved out of my house and moved in with a family member because my mum screamed at me to every day. She hates me and she doesn’t love me, I don’t care what anyone says otherwise. My dad let her emotionally and verbally abuse me all my life and left me alone from age nine with a baby, stuck upstairs looking after a one year old while he locked himself away in his room. I got screamed at for anything that happened while I was taking care of him and screamed at for not cleaning the house while my mom was at work. I don’t go and see her and my siblings enough. She just makes me feel so depressed and sad every time she cries and asks me to move back in even though i know she doesn’t want me. She just wants a fucking punching bag to take all her shit out on and a free babysitter and a best friend, she doesn’t want a daughter. I’m so sick of my dad never fucking being aorind, he used to let me call him crying after my mom slagged me off and did absolutely nothing and offered nothing and he’s never been there for me when I’ve needed him, he didn’t come to any of my assemblies or parents’ evenings. I begged him and he’d promise and then be magically ‘sick’ that very same day and hide in bed. And now he’s mad because I don’t go up and see him ever, gee, I wonder why! I really wonder! I feel like my entire family is such a toxic hateful mess who bitch about each orher behind everyone’s backs and I know they probably hiss about me all the time because that’s just what they do to everyone

I isolate myself all the time. All I had up until lately was writing to make me feel better but even that’s been taken awau from me lately so now I’m just depressed with no outlet and let’s be real, I couldn’t write well anyway because I don’t do antthing well. The friends I write collaboratively with write with each other every day and only write withh me to further their own shit, they don’t care about my characters, they just want to use them as a jumping off point for them to develop a new ship in their private chat they’ll inevitably fucking brag to me about that i dont CARE abour. They leave me out all the time and then talk about how much fun writing together EVERY DAY IS UWU right in front of me like that’s SO MUCH FUN for me to read . fuck them

I feel ugly and I don’t eat, I have one meal a day on a good day, and I either don’t sleep at all or I sleep until afternoon and hate myself for it because i’m such a sad holed up freak and nothing that bads even happened to me so why am I acting like my life’s been such a tradgedy 

I went to see a therapist and she called what my mom did to me verbal abuse and I almost had a breakdown and I stopped going and everything feels horrible. She said I might not even be depressed at all and that I’m just sad and the idea that I’ve overblown my stupid fucking feelings like a drama queen makes me want to cry

I just hate myself so much and i want to sleep and never wake up. Things ar ejust hard right now. hAve been for years but you know !