I wish that suicide was easier. You are just a number. FUCK HOPE!I really wish that suicide was easier and that people would stop going to the shopping centre to fufill their fantasies. The fact is that depression is high because we have turned everything into a shopping mall or we stay indoors with our friends working and working for what? This AI? Who is this AI serving exactly? It seems to be the mega rich that made these computers and this bullshit capitalistic society that does nothing but dehumanize us to a point where we are just a number. 

 You won't ever be free. The fantasy these politicians/corporations are feeding is just so that they have a comfortable life while you have a life of misery and suffering. It's funny how a work of fiction became the cornerstone of civilization. They are just waiting for you to do something wrong so they can take you to court and then drug you and run a story on you of how deeply flawed you are. All this obsession with hygiene is just so that the rich get richer and the poor get poorer. You are just slaves to a fascist regime pretending to be a democracy because that illusion is what keeps this bullshit system going.

Slave to religion and the people that control religion because it is the root of all evil. Same way how laws are suppose to control people you are just a droid in this bullshit game.

fuck hope and if you do find freedom, they'll take it away from you with force because you are outnumbered/outmatched and outclassed. Fascism won.  Either by your people close to such as family. 

You have no freedom so why should I bother? It makes no difference other than you are just making the whole system and the people that run it better off with your talent.

I am sick and tired of hearing the background noise from my parents and other people's problems. No one gave a shit about me. Why? Because I am a guy and an adult and after you become an adult, if you don't have a narcissist title next to your name, you suck.  You are considered an outlier/a creep a shit bag a fuck face.