I hope I get kidnapped by an alien, or something.Yes, this side of me has taken over, and she knows she’s right, she knows she’s right. She knows that when I “try to get better” it’s just escaping from the truth and reality. She knows that I will always relapse and come back to this place. Come back to her. She knows everything about me. She knows how pointless trying to live my life is. She knows that I’m only alive because of my family. She knows that she’s, I am, going to suffer for the rest of my life. She knows that this is the truth. She knows that when I’m “better” I’m just avoiding reality, waiting for that breakdown to push me into this hole again, pathetic, trying to climb out of here, you will always come back here, you are such a.

She knows the truth. She knows. You should listen to her. I’m listening. Yet she doesn’t know what to do either. She knows that you should be dead. But she knows you can’t die, cuz of your family. She does nothing yet everything.

You’re so “awww” when you try. When you try to convince yourself. When you think you can sorta, temporarily escape from me. You’re not. Cuz I know the truth. I know there’s no point to this. You’re trying so you can live one extra second without being a rotten flesh, useless, but so aware of herself, that’s her only shining, still not sparkling so faint, piece of evidence of existence.

That she knows. At least she knows. Don’t you hope you didn’t? But we can’t go back anymore. You knew your destiny then, and there’s no way of forgetting about it. Oh, you won’t forget about it, you’ll just discover it again.

Oh wow. Hope you get kidnapped by an alien or something. Oh no. That’s hurting your family too. Wow, you can actually hurt someone like you’re that important, funny cuz you’re not.

Not everyone is worthy of being called mentally-ill. You’re not. You know your mind is pretty fucked, but that’s just the natural outcome of your life, oh yeah, the life that didn’t have to be this pathetic but you ruined it. But whatever. You’re gonna discover the truth anyway. Whatever. Is your mind fucked? Well, it has made you such a useless breathing organism for sure. Mentally ill, no. Mentally ill or not, you’re the same at core, your truth doesn’t change. You’ve just discovered it too soon, and you’ve done such a terrible job outside of it that it’s so hard for you to cope with facts.

Waste of all. “You sound depressed.” Doesn’t matter. Doesn’t make a true difference at the end of the day. Just makes me more useless. Oh, what a human. “Mentally ill.” No, you don’t get to get that. Unworthy. It’s reserved for others, not you, not YOU, you, you, you, you. You should die. You. Me. I shouldn’t be here. Shouldn’t be alive. But being dead is a privilege too. You don’t get to die. You’re here to suffer. And I’ll watch you pathetically struggle, “try”. It’s such a boredom of a show. Aren’t you tired? So repetitive. You’re always gonna come back here. You’re just living second by second, one more second of still living, one more second of avoiding to face the truth.

Oh and I know what you’re gonna do. You’re gonna try to fight this “demon” now. You’re gonna find “flaws in my logic”. Oh I’m sorry for being so straightforward I just wanted to get to the fucking point so I made it simple for ya. Continue. You’re gonna convince yourself that most of what I said “could be” wrong. And you’re not gonna subscribe to that. But you know oh you know...........you know the truth too. And since you’ve found it, you know it’s all an escape, welcome back. Have fun trying and going through this circle. At least that’s admirable of you. Look at you still trying. Look at you trying. I’ll let you do your thing. Have fun zombieing and getting away from the truth. Run run run...it’s a circle, so hey!. Welcome back in advance.