I dont see many more options at this point...I'm up shit creek. I just got out of a relationship of almost a year. The first 5 months were great, then my fiancée decided to cheat on me because she was drunk. Then, finally she asked to have an open relationship. I reluctantly agreed, because I wanted to salvage our relationship. I had proposed to this woman. I've been with her through her changing her life. I was there when she got her first car, I was there when she moved in with me, I was there when we watched her little brother for a week while her mom was on vacation. I was there when she said watching her brother was like it was preparing us to have a child of our own. I was there when she talked about marrying me. And now, all those memories, the hundreds of pictures we have together, have been killed. She proposed a break about a week and a half before Valentine's Day. Meaning we were technically single, but she told me if anyone asks, to tell them we were still together but on break. Then, I went all out.

Valentine's Day I did something no one else would for her. I bought her a singing balloon, a giant teddy bear with a heart that said "I love you". The most expensive candy heart box they had. Made her a handmade bag with all her favorite candies in it. Arranged a heart made of candles. Gave her a card with a funny romantic joke in it. Put rose petals on the bed. Watched a chick flick with her and ordered pizza and her favorite wings. Later that night, she tells me she still loves me but she's moving out, with the guy she's been cheating on me with. She says at the end of the day, she loves me and I've shown her what true love is. A love no one else has ever shown her. She told me I'm the man she wants to marry, but far down the road. So she is moving in to the guys house is has been fucking her behind my back. She still comes around and just last night we saw a movie. She held my hand almost the whole movie and on the way down the elevator at the end she said "see isn't this nice? We can just be best friends.. With benefits" and kissed me. That whole night I had been depressed. She even said earlier "you look so depressed.. Cheer up! Don't kill my vibe" and laughed. I told her I want my ring back but she tried giving it back twice, and every time she became hysterical and cried her heart out. She even fell on the floor crying so hard. So I told her since it obviously means that much to her, she can keep the ring. I have no idea what to do anymore.

I'm super unattractive, so it's not like I can just find someone else to be with. I wanted love. Not a one night stand. I want to start a family. Get married. I want to settle down. But that's obviously not going to happen.

I'm out of options.

I'm going to be alone for the rest of my life.

I have no purpose on this earth. Im 22 and work at a gas station making $11 an hour.

I was thinking of stepping into traffic, but I don't want someone else to feel bad or be affected by my shitty existence. I need a quick way to just erase myself from everyone's lives and stop being such an overly polite nuisance. There's no place for nice guys in this world. Love is an illusion. My life will soon be exactly what my love has become, a fading memory. I just don't know how to do it quick and painless.

TL;DR: fiancée of a year cheated on me then broke up with me, is now moving in with the man she cheated on me with. There's no place for nice men on this earth. I need a suggestion on a good quick way to leave this planet.

Sorry for wasting your time with this worthless story.