No logical reason to continue livingmy life starts like this

physical pain, lots of physical pain... From a little known thing called "neurofibromatosis 1" surprisingly 1/4000 ish have it..it's not uncommon, but it is't common. 
Anyway, my day starts with a lot of pain, pain in my back, pain in my neck, in my arms and legs..
I get up to go to work, a shitty retail job, I don't feel cut out for anything more, I don't feel like I'd be able to do that. maybe because I've been so unsuccessful at mundane "high school kid" jobs like a clerk or a dishwasher. But I'm not even cut out for that. People tell me so, people tell me that I'm a failure, people at work treat me like one (currently a cashier ish) and I have come to embody that word. "fail" Fail is the body I wake up in... Fail is the amount of alarms that are needed to motivate me to get to work. 
Fail is when I yet again, forgot where my keys are... Fail is getting to work just 7 minutes early, not enough time to grab a bite to eat. Fail is when I'm once again, sent to do the "easiest" task. Fail is when for the 4th month in a row, I've only been scheduled 4 hour shifts. Fail is when I try to do the thing I was hired for. Fail is when I fail to ask for the time to actually train.
Fail is me trying to make a connection to people. Fail is when I don't recognize anger, frustration, joy, someone wanting to help, Fail is my fear of becoming friends with someone, I believe I will once again fail, fail at keeping the friendship. 

I just fail, at everything
I can't do well in a job, so I will always be minimum wage class...
I don't do well in relationships, so I will always be alone
I don't do well in school, So I will never become something better
My body is broken, 5' tall, who'd respect that? and just days of endless pain


I wish I could just /die/ 
I wish I had the confidence to do it, but once again I fail at that to. I guess I'm just waiting for an accident, I hope it comes... 
I wish I could go into an institution for just a month, just a month and maybe they can fix me. maybe I'd have a chance then. But I can't loose my jobs...

What can someone like me do? I don't want to die, but I have no hope for a good future... I don't want to beat a dead horse... 

note: I'm not depressed, just suicidal... What I say about myself isn't some weird ideology that I've come up with, it's just what I observe about my current situation... 
my body is in pain
I can't keep up relationships
and my boss is trying to get me to quit
and I can't concentrate enough for school
