I can’t possibly imagine things getting better for meI’m (21, F) and to everyone else it seems as if I have everything going for me. People tell me I’m attractive and my friends have told me they wish they were like me, I have my own successful jewellery shop and I am in my third year of university in a big city. I have a boyfriend and friends who love me, and on paper my life seems good. 

However I am struggling with crippling depression, anxiety, borderline personality disorder and a history of sexual abuse and a broken home. I think about not existing almost every hour, I’m very suicidal. I don’t exactly want to go through the act of killing myself incase it goes wrong, however I just can’t imagine existing anymore. I can’t imagine finding joy in anything again, I can’t imagine a future. I’ve been struggling with suicidal thoughts and self harm since the age of 12 when my dad left us, but I’ve always been able to picture my future .... not now. 

As I mentioned before I have a successful shop which brings in money and I’m popular with my friends, loved by them even, but I don’t even care anymore, and I don’t think they even really know the real me, just the version of myself I present to people who is charismatic, funny and laid back, when inside I’m falling apart and am constantly anxious and paranoid about everything. When I talk to my mum about how I feel she replies with ‘but your shop is doing so well’ ... ‘you have so many friends’. These things are now so meaningless to me, I don’t know what to do. 

I even open up to my boyfriend and my friends and often it feels like I’m SCREAMING out for help but they brush it off as if it’s not that serious when I’m literally telling them I want to die ... they hit me with ‘it will pass’. I don’t know if this is just me being sceptical and neurotic but I just feel like that response is just so ignorant, and it makes me, in a weird way, want to kill myself even more. 

Before the pandemic, although struggling, I did see potential in my life. Now it just seems so bleak and like nothing will ever get better. I miss the days where I would be so blissfully unaware of the suffering and the horror in our world. People tell me to be happy because I have a successful job that I can work from home with and not worry about money like I used to, but I struggle to focus on anything but the horrors happening all over the world. I feel guilty for being happy when people are going through so many incredibly awful things, and I can’t do anything about it. 

I also feel incredibly paranoid that people are talking about me behind my back and that everyone hates me. I’ll spend a day with my friends that will go so well and I will be so happy when I’m with them but when I leave my head is full of voices telling me they all hate me and I’m just a laughing stock. It’s becoming increasingly more draining as time goes by and I don’t know how long I can suffer through my existence as it is. I feel like I’m living a pretend life. 

I really don’t even know where I’m going with this, but basically I’d really appreciate it if somebody could let me know if they relate ... if their life seems completely fine to people but inside they are literally just so done with existing. Somebody please give me a reason why I shouldn’t just do it