Why are you suicidal? Here's a personal story as to why I'm not even when the world think I am, and why I think you probably shouldn't be.Story Part, Feel free to skip if TL;DR
--

I've been accused of being suicidal since high school.


A friend of mine committed suicide at a boarding school, and soon after, I was accused of suicidal ideation because the school wanted to remove the remaining "sinners" (I was an atheist and it was a religious school).


Prior to this I had been in foster care and was attacked daily by my abusive foster mother that accused most of the foster children of conspiring against her while she made public grabs for attention (for being a foster parent with apparent disabled children).


I was bullied in school, held back, segregated in a classroom where I sat alone in a room by myself till the State shut the program down, brought back to normal schooling, and then segregated again due to bullying.


Eventually I was sent to a religious boarding school because my foster parents started watching crime programs and started reading biased psychology books, and got some pretty weird ideas in their heads as the attacks on the children increased:


- Teenage masterbation was a sign of psychopathy/witchcraft

- Being bullied made you a loner, and therefore a psychopath

- Same thing for being bullied by affluent teachers after they found why you were in foster care

- Rejecting religious doctrine made you a satanist/witch

- Meditation (to cope with abuse) was a type of satanism

- Being anxious around them because of their violent attacks proved disorganized thinking (and they attacked violently and humiliated you as punishment for thinking they were going to do so; catch 22)

- Being bullied for being forcibly dressed in geeky goodwill clothes meant I was trying to look ridiculous
for attention... by the people that forcibly dressed me in them.


At school I was more tormented by the staff than my peers.


There were two specific bullies (in each school), but one eventually got expelled for his behavior, and the other often joked about murdering me. He now claims he didn't remember or fabricate wild stories to justify his behavior.


Example:


When I tried to give food (from my younger, aggressive brothers stash, that he gave me a small portion) to a homeless guy outside of a bus station (going to boarding school), the bully slapped it down, and when I called him a fake Christian (main reason I was bullied was I wasn't aggressively competitive but another reason was the fact I wasn't Christian was often used as an excuse to torment me) he punched my lights out.
I walked away to the bathroom to see what the damage was.
When I came back, they were sitting with an attractive girl that asked why I was crying, he and my brother just chuckled and told her I was just a "spazz" and that I did it to myself. She laughed at me.


Eventually I was expelled because my younger brother was caught with a DVD containing porn (normal porn), a violation of the schools rules, and the Dean (which often harassed me and abused his powers to make my life a living hell) demanded I come to his office to answer for my crime.
He was biased towards my brother (the athlete and school bully), and even gave him the "condo" room while I was forced to live in the children's dorms because of my complaints of criminal bullying.


[That was a catch 22; I'm a child if I don't fight, I'm psychotic if I do?]


When I said "possession is 9/10s of the law, why don't you punish whomever you found it on", I was told he could punish whomever his spirit told him to.
He called in the preacher, and the two of them accused me of being suicidal because I stated that abuse of power and accusing people is what lead to my friends suicide (which I meant that *unlike* him I wasn't going to stand for it, hence why I was sitting there correcting them).
They said that after my friend committed suicide they were changing school policy so that teens with previous "mental health problems" and "other sins" would not be admitted to the school.


They locked me in the bedrest (quarantine) for three days without food, water or bathroom break, and told my parents I was caught with porn and threatened to commit suicide (really?!).


Of course no one stuck up for me, and I was told by the other teens that I did it to myself for not being Christian and not allowing people to bully me (till this day, as adults, these same people believe in extreme social segregation and order).


After that I got a job at pizza parlour and things were looking up until my younger brother showed up demanding free pizza.


He refused to leave, and then start to try coercion to get the free pizza, saying "he won't give his own brother free pizza because he's mentally ill. He's bipolar. Fuck with him and he'll spaz on you".


My boss told him to leave, but soon after 2 out of the 8 people I worked with started bullying me and made demands or else they would lie about me acting mentally ill.  When I refused they start sticking my day clothes in the toilet, my shoes ended up on the roof, etc.


Then I had a relationship with a co-worker that went south, and because I yelled at her at work, the police were called and I was fired (it was in an affluent area and she ran from me screaming at me also so it attracted attention).


I admit the fight was stupid, but nothing insane was said. I just said "I can't believe I slept with this chick!" over and over.


So while I was job hunting my landlord, who owned a slimey porn store under my apartment (the apartment my religious foster father forced me into, I didn't even have my shirt on when he pushed me in the car, screaming at me), started demanding extra cash. When I declined, he started making accusations like I was smoking in my apartment (I have never smoked and I still don't) and letting strangers in (ridiculous). Eventually he called me on the intercom, called me a smartass and told me he has a gun.



After my family refused to pick up the phone (later they would claim I never attempted to contact them), I left town. I bounced around for awhile until I met back up with one of my biological sisters.
I moved in with under the condition I got a job, which I did the same week, but a week later and she started realizing she didn't save enough and started yelling at me that I needed to get another job. I tried but managing two job calendars without transportation was hard, but before the second week was out she came at me with a knife, stating I that I told her boyfriend I wanted to "stab" her (I said "slap" her, but her BF was obsessed with interpreting everything either of us said as extremely violent because manslaughter had happened in the family; also I have a minor lisp, which is what he blamed it on, but constantly misread every other word people said as violent terms.).


Eventually she realized the mistake and tried to make amends, but at that point I was angry about my life.


So I ended up at a friends house until his girlfriend wanted to have a threesome, so I left, then circled back a year later, and found out I was being evicted without notice because my friend/landlord wanted to live with his father for a while (we had a yelling match about that, and again the police were called).
 

So that turned sour and I bounced around again until I found myself homeless in Chicago, and the police and DHS were doing "homeless sweeps" in the wealthier gentrifying neighborhoods; partly due to gentrification, and partly because of the then Mayors plan to "get rid of homeless!" campaign.


I was forced into a shelter that had us sign "I am homeless because" cards, and when I filled it out, my card was torn up and I was lectured, being told they only get funding if "Mental Illness" or "Drugs and Alcohol" are checked. So they redid the card themselves.


Before I knew it I was forced into their shelter-plus care program, and being told to feign all sorts of illnesses, and being sent to a sister-center that heavily relied on shelters for referrals to keep them afloat. The whole deal was what they now called "warehouse-social services" and "pill-mill" that specialized in "bum diplomas"; meaning they get to use you for medicare/medicaid/grant claims, and they get you on SSDI/SSI and on public benefits... otherwise you get threatened with institutionalization or "the cycle", where the police just pick you back up and the cycle begins all over again.


When I left their sister-program (a mental health center), my abusive therapist called 911 and made a fake suicide threat, but the police that arrived didn't see what the fuss was about since I was joking around with my friends when they came in.
My SRO landlord also testified that I always seemed fine to her and that she didn't like how the social service or mental health care agencies treated me; like a piece of meat used to gain access to grants, etc.


Eventually one of the agencies got shut down and I was able to record their director of social services admitting to the "illness claims for grants" scam, and they let me leave without incident after I threatened to send it to the social security administration.

[Eventually she "left", but according to other social workers she was given the option to leave or get fired]

I fled to California, where a great deal of abused people, hoping, quite foolishly, that its was still the happy hippy land and cool bros many of us remembered seeing on TV and movies (stupid I know), thinking I could just chill there.

I had a stroke (my second), and eventually found a cool little place by the beach.

Problems started when one of my roommates lost his job three times in a row for being drunk at work.

Then he started screaming lyrics to songs at 3am on the back porch (police were called), and eventually

he started dragging in homeless tweakers to sleep on the floor or back porch for money while dragging in 
recycling cans in hopes of making rent.

Then one of my other roommates started using heroine again, and he was dragging in his druggies friends, 
eating all of my personal groceries and helping themselves to my cash savings.

One night the stress was so bad I bit down and shattered one of my teeth, and then I decided I was going to 
evict them, which went down much smoother than I though (yes yelling occurred and the police were called, but 
people actually apologized to me for the first time in my life, so score 1 point for California).


I tried to get my tooth fixed but my current public insurance didn't cover it, so I switched to one that did 
after a quick internet search.

After I went through an interview over the phone, I decided to go in for a regular check up to get a referral 
to a dentist and to see how the whole HMO thing worked, but after asking me what kind of insurance plan I had 
with them and how I got it, I ended back up in a psychiatric office speaking to another unqualified biased 
social worker.

The interview went bad because should wouldn't listen to me, and refused to help me with the dentist issues 
(even though they're an HMP and had dental program) ties.

It brought back the feelings I had when I was in the program in chicago. I couldn't get the feeling out of my 
head. So three months later I try to calm down by taking a hot shower, slip and fall (I didn't see the white 
soap in the white tub, I wear glasses but not in shower), and smacked my head.

I started seeing white flashes ("stars"?) and eventually I the pain reminded me of being beaten up in school 

and at home, and I started having flashbacks.

I called 911 asking for help due to a psychiatric emergency (which I recorded on video because I knew not to 
trust the system by this point because oversight is biased), and they laughing at me or hanging up on me after 
I said "I'm having a psychiatric emergency". 

This happened for three days as I sat there in pain vomiting on myself. I only had moments of consciosness, 
and my roommates were home during the periods I was awake.

Eventually the police came but told me I couldn't be taken in unless I was suicidal, which I wasn't, but it 
prompted me to immediately state I had been falsely accused of being suicidal before.

They asked for my insurance card (weird), and then they took me to the station and then the ER.

After 8-12 hours in the ER I was whisked away to a mental hospital.

I wasn't listened to, was quoted-mined, directly lied about, told I lack ADL's, insight and judgement, and 
treated inhumanely.

I was told to sign voluntary status after 3 days or else they would petition the court to keep me there, and 
so I did out of fear and confusion.

I broke down crying reporting everything my family had told me or accused me of, and I was told this was a confession. I wasn't allowed to prove to them via emails and other informaiton that there were flaws in that report. I only mentioned it because I was thinking about the abuse I suffered at home.

When I got out my roommates stated they never realized I was gone.

I tried reporting the abuses to my state appointed outpatient therapist, but she refused to make eye contact with me, refused to listen to exploitation claims, and told me foster care was the only thing to blame.
She was rather aggressive so I looked her up online afterwards and found out she didn't have a degree PsyD, but specialized in blaming foster care for PTSD.

I tried reporting the abuses I suffered during that time to both the police, the ER, my HMO and the hospital, 
but they all stuck to protecting their reputation and their members, and I was told video, witnesses and 
contradicting reports didn't matter.

During this time period I turned to REDDIT for sympathy, but everyone said I was lying, exaggerating and called me aggressive or delusional because I refused to blame myself for exploitation or abuse.

When I got so fed up I called SSA to complain (and to make other requests, which I was told I was lying about was later confirmed to be accurate) I was told I couldn't be right and something must be wrong with my head, so I told her I had recently gotten out of the hospital (stupid) and my head as fine.
So she called the police to do a checkup on me.

The police said I was fine, but decided to take me in because one of their "guts" told them to.
They chained me to a bench, and the "mental health officers" just started accusing me in super-quick succession, trying to trip me up while laughing at me. I kept a straight face and corrected them the whole time, and they just kept laughing and accusing me (totally unreal) until they took a break.
They came back and told me I was definitely suicidal, should be placed in permanent care, was a liar, a psychotic, and lying to them. They said they were going to sent me away for life.
They said I suffered from illnesses I was never even accused of, but they claimed it was on my record (lies).


I was awestruck. I asked a passing officer to speak to an admin, but the mental health officer interrupted and said we were just about to leave (we didn't leave for another 20 minutes).
The ER said they couldn't do anything, asked me if I was suicidal, I said no, but they checked "yes" anyway.
Finally at the mental hospital (8-12 hours later), I deny suicidal ideation, and the psychiatrist there signed me out, although the RN demanded a stay because they "needed" me to sure up the stats.
The psychiatrist looked confused and said I was free to go.
On the way out the RN lectured me about questioning authorities.

I was forced into outpatient care via mental health law in California, but it only included talk therapy where I as told to not make reports about abuse, and to learn how to cope with the recent abuse, and at one point I was told to see the good in abusers and exploiters (she used Adolf Hitler as an example... I have this recorded).

After another therapist told me to be complacent with abuse when it happens and to admit to everything anyone acuses me of to appease abusers in hope they would leave me alone, I left the HMO.

All complaints to the HMO, Hospitals, Police, etc... were met with doubt, then aggression.

It took me a year to have one, only one of them, to allow for HIPPA enforced corrections to my record.

The police dropped my internals affairs case and the OIG said they wen't interested.

After all of that I came back to reddit and was again lambasted, called psychotic, delusional, etc.


TL;DR Anti-suicide part
--

So, after being abused, bullied, exploited, lied about, victim blamed, threatened, etc... and having an completely damaged record, why I don't feel suicidal and why have I never felt suicidal?

Easy. I have a secret. It's not religious, it's not egotistical, it's not magical, it's not even special.

It's goals and it's human history.

Let me explain:

I have goals and always have. With goals, you always have a future, even in the worst case scenario,
goals are always important. Goals are part of what defines you, not just what people do to you or accuse you of.

Look, I've been through a little rough patch, baby-nonsense compared to what humans have already gone through, from jungles to deserts, to crossing deserts and mountains, through wars, and genocide, slavery, and even things like cannibalism and braving certain death in a freezing cave, humans are a lot more durable than we have been lead to believe.

Combining that knowledge, that humans are survivors, with the concept of multiple, sometimes changing goals, that is what I define as the closest thing I have to purposeful-soul, a combination of history and forward thinking powered by the knowledge that even some the biggest pigheaded egotists can change their mind, or the system would change one day... in many ways it has, and days are changing even faster.

I like to think the quicker the system messes up, the quicker it will realize it's errors.

Till then it's just a waiting game.

Right now I spend time telling the truth on internet, in hopes that the more people talk about their problems the less abuse and exploitation will be doubted. I try speaking about logic, epistemology, reason, critical thinking, evidence... in hopes one day the world be a better place so people wouldn't have to survive as I did.

I'm not claiming the world is all gold and rainbows, and I'm absolutely not claiming to be perfect as I still have PTSD episodes (I even had one today because I was told telling my story was BS).

I'm just saying hang in there, wait things out. Pick up hobbies. Maybe I'll even see you in California one day.

I have a plan about marching up and down the Golden Gate Bridge holding anti-suicide pro-social-change signs and handing out fliers, asking people not to hurt themselves, but to help change the world instead.

If there's anyone that needs to change the system it's those most effected by it that have witnessed the dirty underbelly that professionals, politicians and academics deny.

That said:
--

-Forgive what you can

-Accept what forgiveness you can get

-Change is possible

-Half of life is nurture, don't over-internalize

-The crafty can turn faults into strengths

-We're all dust in the end

-Never attribute to malice what you attribute to ignorance or conditioning

-30 years and you're renewed


-We all want things to improve, but ironically hate change

-People can not be taught epistemology, they must seek it

-Give back as much as you can

-Give as much as you can

-If one doesn't change, one doesn't grow

-Unwillingness to change is a chosen limitation

-“Thank God I missed my train because I met my wife on the next one.”

-When elders say "If I could do it all again" listen

-At the end of the day, both the king and pawn go back in the same box

-The mature don't expect a utopia, they expect to learn

-Time makes fools of perfectionist watch makers


Peace
--
Your homeboy, Ego_by_proxy