Don't know if there's a point in posting but I suppose I've got nothing to lose.I tried to kill myself a few months back, basically to avoid being a burden on society because I can't do anything right. I was in the psych ward for a week. I got out. I'm supposed to be better now, and for a while I was, with the exception of an apathetic outlook on life.

A few weeks ago, our door got stuck shut when my cat was outside. I could have gone out through the garage to get him, but I was tired and not the most logical, so I opened the window that was next to the door and tried to lift the screen out. It wouldn't come out, so I forced it out and bent the frame in the process. Now it's unusable.

My mom said she wasn't mad, but told me to be more conscientious next time. She was frustrated though, but seemed quick to forgive me for acting rashly.

Today I told her about how our cat couldn't figure out which door to use when I called him in, even though he could see me, sort of as a humorous anecdote I guess because our cat is really dumb. But she started going on about how she was irritated that I was acting thoughtlessly and cost her a screen, and that she didn't know where to get one and how I never have to accept consequences for my actions because I'm not a responsible adult. I told her I was really tired and not thinking clearly. She told me, "Sometimes you have to think clearly."

She asked me to load the dishwasher and went upstairs. Well of course during this time all I had to think about was what a fuck up I am, and kept imaging vivid images of my arms covered in cuts and bleeding profusely because that's just what I think about when I feel guilty. She came downstairs and asked me if I had any plans today, but I couldn't answer because I was trying not to cry. Then she figured that I was upset, and asked me why. After a long pause I told her that I didn't know she was still upset about the screen.

Then she told me about how she had taken years to learn mindfulness, and it just drove her crazy that she had to see all these people go around and make stupid decisions without even thinking. After ranting for a bit, she said she was furious that I went back to my dad's, even after she'd given me this opportunity to have a better life. I couldn't tell if she meant the last time I lived with him or a few days ago when I didn't feel well and stayed with him because my appointment was near his house and I didn't feel like driving back (would have been an hour drive), but I didn't ask.

Then she went on about how until I learned to do things for myself, I'd be a burden, either on her or society. She said it takes a lot of practice to be that mindful and to realize what the right choices are, but that every time I get close I just "throw it all away" because I want to be a victim or something. She again referred to me choosing to live with my dad (he's controlling and abusive). She mentioned how I can't stay in school and that I'll probably fail the next time I try because I haven't improved.

I don't know if this is her odd way of motivating me. She said I should use these criticisms to realize what's going on and work hard to change. But I've been in therapy since getting out of the hospital to do just that. I thought I was working on changing.

She said she was irritated about the window, but that it wasn't about the window. She asked if I could accept why she was upset. I didn't answer.

The whole time it just made sense to me that I'm a fuck up and she thought of me as a burden. Everyone probably does. I tried to kill myself before because whenever I tried to change that, whether that be by holding down a job or going to school, I failed or was completely miserable. So I could be miserable not being a burden or make other people miserable by being a burden, which would also make me miserable, or I could just kill myself now and spare everyone and myself all the misery.

I don't know why I'm writing this, other than to just get my thoughts out there. Or maybe there's another solution and I just haven't thought of it because I'm just a thoughtless zombie burden. I'm not sure. All I know I that I hate my life and I'm no longer attached to its existence.