people love my abuser so much that i want to kill myselfhi! i've been emotionally, monetarily (idk if that's a word, english isn't my first language and i don't care to google it) and sexually abused by a man for the past two years. i hate myself for wanting to be with him. we have grown distant and i have been mainpulated into believing that me worshipping the ground he walks on is love. i feel an ache in my heart every day when i think of him and i fucking hate myself for it. i have thought about ending it all, maybe even for selfish reasons, like, i think that maybe, just maybe he will show up to the funeral. maybe i could guilt trip him in a suicide note. i hate myself for thinking about such things. i grow more disgusting every day because i adapt his techniques. i hate it. i hate myself.

the funny thing is that people love him. they absolutely don't get enough of him. he is kind of an awkward loner i guess, but popular enough for people to want to talk about him constantly. he has massive parties at his house and he supplies alcohol to minors and takes advantage of them so i guess that makes him cool. my friends who know he treated me like shit for the years where we were close don't give a fuck about how i feel. i know this because they always hang out with him, go to his parties without me (thank god i guess) and always praise him, joke around with him, sleep around with him, everything. i feel so alone. i feel absolutely helpless and pathetic because one man has ruined my life. i have no self esteem. i cry every day because i hate the way i look.

i am writing this drunk. i took vodka and a dose of prescribed sleeping pills. if i don't wake up tomorrow, good. because if i wake up tomorrow and go to school i have to see him. i have to hear about his awesome parties and how he's the best dude ever, knowing that he hurt me so bad. i feel so whiny and pathetic because i let one man ruin me in every way ever. i had problems before him. i had been abused before him. but i feel as though he destroyed me. and i hate myself for it, because i let it happen and i want to die because of the shame of being a victim every damn day of my fucking miserable one-dimensional life.