Me and my story...i feel im better now though.My name is cassie, im 15. Ive been cutting since i was 12. Im naturally a protective, caring , and sensitive person. Ever since i was young i was always called ugly and fat, after hearing it so many times u start to believe it, even on days when i feel like i look good i refuse to believe it cause of how many times i heard im ugly. My mom is Guatemalan and shes been through so much shit. Her dad was abusive, but then again we are hispanic and our discipline is tough. but even then, thats no excuse for wat hes done to her. When i was younger i used to adore and love my aunts and uncles...now...should my mom ever die and i have to invite her sibilings, and i see them crying, i will curse them and beat them. Because of one of my aunts telling a lie my grandpa (or the "fkin asshole that should rot in hell") he told my mom to get on her knees one day, and he put on some steel tipped boots, and kicked her back out. On her graduation day from highschool she couldnt walk. Hes kept her from going out with her sisters and so many other things, he is a real asshole. I hate him and he hates me, my mom, my step dad, and my lil bro even. My real dad left when i was young and he is an ass. Ya he used to pick me up and be with me but he was always busy with some other shit then instead of really spending time with me. he has always been a smoker and drinks beer like there no tomorrow... He's hurt me so many times and has filled me with promises that he immediately breaks afterward and has let me down on so many occasions. He is the reason i started cutting. And to be honest, im just wating for him to die....he has lost so much weight and looks so thin, really like a skeleton, and im just waiting for him to die. Itz been 2-3 years when i havent really spent time with him, and i refuse to call him, or txt him unless we need the child support check from him. Recently his mom died, i didnt realy care his famiy doesnt approve of me, they call me fat and do not like that i dont eat spicy food. They also dont like my mom and his mom treated my mom bad. He guilted me into spending time with him.  He cried and everything i felt really bad so i had no choice but to be with him.  He's even forgotten my birthday, and doesnt really even know me. The only thing i can thank him for is getting me into SFX make up thats about it. And i know people think its no big deal who cares he forgot ur b-day. But hispanics (or at least my family) are known for parties or b-day parties. and when i was with my dad it was because of my cuzins or families b-days, they never did things for my bday like for my family members.  I adore my step dad, i love him like he was my real dad! He takes cares of me and truly cares for me he is my moms knight in shining armor, and i tell him more than i tell my mom, i trust him, i really do. His family accepts me, but his mom and my mom clash heads alot. The only thing is they don't know my name but call me Cassie (not really my name, but close enough). We generally are a close and open family, but lately...I dont know. I've always been strange, i Wanted to have glasses, i Wanted to have braces. Something funny is when i actually need them my mom thought i was lying, i wasnt...right now my perscription is -4.00 and i have astigmatism in my right eye (kitty eye)! In my moms half of the family, diabetes, anxiety &amp; panic attacks,  low blood pressure, and chronic migraines.  Im already starting to get migraines and the anxiety/panic attacks but i just ignore the attacks and take exedrin for the migraines. But despite all this i sometimes feel really low, i call it cruising blue. Sometimes i have my highs and feel good, which is why i think i might be bipolar. i told my (step)dad a few weeks ago and he understood me, and i showed him my scars, he knew about them before, but i havent been to anyone to see if i am bipolar. I wanna remind him again, but because of money issues i just wanna wait it out untill i cant control it. I started the butterfly project...im doing ok so far despite a few stupid things i did this and last week ( i carved  a heart on my hip and butterfly on my upper thigh cause i felt guilty i didnt go to my godmothers moms wake ,even thought i dont know her). I have thought and tried to commit suicide a few times my mom even claims i overdosed once, but i dont think so. My mom is christian, my dad catholic, and my stepdad Jehovah's witness. I was baptized catholic even though i know nothing catholic, only christian. I am afraid to go to hell even though i know ive done alot of bad. And i've made promises i wont commit suicide. I just sometimes feel so so tired and i feel like i wanna sleep forever. I need someone to talk to, someone to vent to i guess. I dont wanna bring my friends of Bf into it (althought he knows the story and has gone through a few of the same things) i dont want to burden them....  