Need some adviceBackstory: I have had non-stop pain and no real rest for the last 5 months due to what I've been told is trigemnial neuralgia but I personally don't buy it and just think it could be anything including trigemnial neuralgia. The pain is not bad but not getting a recharge for 21 straight weeks is psychologically draining enough to drive me to an emotional drain as well and not thinking of committing suicide (not completely true. I'd do it if I didn't have my 2 best friends), rather I fantasize about it instead and how nice it would be to in peace away from the pain more than once all day every day.

&amp;#x200B;

Current situation: I came out to one best friend about my depression and fantasies. I told him not to tell anyone, especially not my parents because I didn't want them to stress and that would stress me more. I specifically made the metaphor that it would be like 2 mirrors with a laser beam of stress bouncing off of each other. Instead everyone is contacting me instead today smothering me which i didn't want. It is annoying as hell and very embarrassing and over the top. I explicitly told him that I wasn't suicidal and only fantasized about it and that I'd only do it if I knew I didn't have him or my other best pal there. He went against my wishes. Should I escape and go stay with my other best friend who I know understands me better and would respect my wishes? It would worry everyone more now that they are aware but I have no room to be selfless in my psychological and emotional state. I came out and feel betrayed. I was lied to. I'm not even suicidal because life sucks or anything. It's specifically the pain every day and no recharge to sleep is driving me insane to deal with. I probably only ever make it into REM3 I'm always in and out of sleep all night every night. All advice counts. Like fuck man everyone knows my business. Fucking privacy. I'm a very open book like I could be naked or have a sex tape revealed and not mind. I just wanted to throw that in to let you know it takes a lot for me to feel like I've been invaded of my trust life especially in a situation I was open.