Im worried about my friendI have a friend who I truly believe is seriously contemplating suicide. He has been in the military for five years, had some issues with a security clearance when he first joined and wasnt able to get the job he wanted, and got sent to a "boring and pointless" job(his words). During that time he tried dating a few girls but it never worked out for him, i think there were three that had a serious impact on him. One broke up with him right before he was supposed to deploy, one cheated on him a week before he was going to drive 500 miles to be there for her birthday, and one wasnt a relationship, but a friendship where he had been subconsciously burying his feelings for her, and when he finally told her she completely turned her back on him, and just kinda treated him like shit afterwards. His family disowned him when he enlisted because they wanted him to go to college. And when i say disowned i mean he hasnt talked to 99% of them in 5 years. He had one cousin who he got along with because they had similar issues with his family, but that cousin commited suicide six months ago and that crushed him because he kinda blames himself and his situation with the family for not being able to visit and spend time with his cousin. But throughout all of this he has always been trying to go to better places in the military(in my opinion more dangerous, but he says that he wants it because its "real"). He attended a selection course twice to become a green beret, made it through both times but wasnt selected, and then reenlisted to go to what he origionally joined to do, but covid has messed things up and now there arent any training slots for that and he is saying since they cant fulfil his reenlistment they are going to be discharging him from the military. He doesnt know where he is supposed to move too since when things when south with the friend i mentioned earlier, he doesnt have any friends in his hometown, much less family, and he hates where he is stationed because of the weather, and the friends he has in his unit are going to move eventually. And idk guys, im in his platoon with him and im starting to realize that i havent seen him smile or laugh in a long time, he hasnt really hungout with anyone in months when he used to be kinda known for always going to meet girls on tinder to hookup with them, he still works out but only in his room cause "there are too many people at the gym" even though its almost empty cause of covid restrictions, and its hard to explain. He always gave off this vibe and image that he was indestructible without even trying. He was a perfect fucking soldier and leader in every sense, he is smart, a good teacher, aggressive in PT and an animal at ranges, he was one of the only people who would rip into officers and senior NCO's when they would do something that was bullshit or would fuck someone over, but he lost alot of that, im sure its still there but you just cant see it anymore. He doesnt look sad he just looks like he is done. I dont know what im supposed to do cause when you tell leadership that you think someone is suicidal, they tend to make the "treatment" more of a punishment and it usually makes things worse. And its weird because even though we are the same rank, he got here before me, and has more experience and his personality traits that i explained before caused him to gain a massive reputation so hes also charge of me.