I just can't seem to connect with peopleI want to so badly, desperately really. I have my whole life. I don't put my flaws or issues on other people, and I try to be a kind, empathetic person who brings those up around me. But it just feels like there is something broken in me that everyone else can see except me. 

I had a shitty childhood that gave me a lot of character flaws, including body dysmorphia and social anxiety. It took me years but I thought I had worked through them and with the rest of my life in line I thought was ready for dating and intimacy. I've tried going out to bars, tinder, bumble, plentyoffish, you name it. I match with a lot of people but my social ineptitude eventually catches up to me and that's that. 

I've had suicidal thoughts most of my life, especially when I was younger. I used to have a particular tree I would think about every drive home from work. A real big one, no curb, never foot traffic and on a long straightaway so plenty of time to build up speed.

Anyway, this past year has left me feeling more lost and alone than I've ever been. I was so afraid people wouldn't like me for what I look like, that I never imagined they wouldn't like me for who I am. 

I just want someone to see some value in me, I know I have so much to offer the world and those around me. But I just can't seem to convince anyone of it. These last few weeks have been especially hard. I try to do all the tricks I taught myself to stay happy that helped me down the path of healing in the first place. But they don't seem to work anymore, I can't stop thinking about how much I just want this feeling to stop. I honestly don't even know why I'm posting here. But I just need something, I don't know what. I feel like I'm constantly drowning, and everyone around me is having so much fun with life that I just don't want to bother them and bring them down. I always thought I was a tough person, that no matter how hard life kept hitting me I would keep going with a smile. But honestly I just don't know how much longer I can. I feel so alone.

Edit: If anyone is out there, I could really use someone to talk to. Just for a little if that's okay. Thanks for your time.

Edit 2: Please anyone at all, I can even just listen to your problems. Guy, girl, mongoose I don't care. I view everyone as equal, I just desperately need someone to talk to