I don't think I can handle this feeling much longerI have experienced the happiest moments of my life with someone I think Is the only one who Is right and belongs to me in other words, my soul mate.

Oir relation started as adultery, bc he is/was married and with 2kids. For one year I gave all of me, all of my support we made stupid mistakes, lived in LA LA land way to get much, and he someway he treated me like shit, putting me away on hold

Until a couple months ago I exploded when he couldn't go ahead with his divorce over some bad trauma he has with his parents and daughters. In here I attempted to harm myself several times etc... And call it off, went to therapy.

I re-connect with myself, gained self esteem and months later talked again with him in terms of how our livs were, conclusions we made, were did we went wrong and If he had really gone doing therapy, was a changed man, th man that I deserved, I was willing to gave a 2nd chance, because I really saw an impossible improvement in his mental health (and in his own alone time period he went trough heavy shit)

At this moment I am waiting for him, literally, and It will be the last stand and opportunity. I love him to dead I am a mess without him, the life is tasteless e even with good friends, nice evenings... In the end my thoughts always go to him te only person who completely understands me and whom I share an intimacy and trust like no one else in this planet, after 3 months of no contact, being with other guys try new things, work for me... I came to the same conclusion, no one will make me happy like him despite all the shittorm around us. I usually say that he Is not a happy because e doesn't want to be, because I will be always with him if he assumes me as his equal, parter, the only woman in his life.

As I said I am waiting for him to return tomorrow(he his returning from a psicological therapeutic clinic) , and all is this and other important things have been discussed. I have abandonement issues and a sixth feeling that tells me he will rertun not mad in love to be with me, touch me, see me, kiss me but instead still trapped in the web of past traumas that he simply can't see that will destroy is future, as much as it cost to take the first step..

Everyone Is cheering for us and hopping for the best... I fell hollow like I am about to go to the guillotine, to have the confirmation that my love was not enough a d he does not really love me like I do, despite our confessions that we were only 100% happy with each other...

I can't stop crying for 2days. I am in overdose so I don't colapse. I love my friends I have a good therapist, but no one understands this feeling of loss, of knowing that that's the only person who will make me happy... There Is no "other man, Mr right, give it time". Fuck I am tired of that word time... I want to be happy and now,.

So tomorrow if things go to hell and I can't, I don't want to keep fighting I don't want to go that path of get motivated because my reality is not that one. 0 connection to my family, very good friends but they can't give what I really want and need, professionally I do my best but for what? I will still be miserable as hell.

Years ago I would be the first person to say "you don't need a man to be happy" which Is true... You need you other half and when the other half can't be with you even though you are in your darkest time we'll Idk... For me Is simple I have nothing left to do here

Everything I will experience will be like the 5 minutes of fame, and then misery all over again. Tomorrow the faith of my life will be decided, and it's all in the hands of this person.
If I end up alone again I can't see the point of continue with my life there Is not anything else, ai just think I will go stop the car at the bridge and jump... Or to be less dramatic as soon as I arrive home swallow a hole bottle of pills during the night so next morning there is nothing that can be done.

I literally don't want to live in a world where I have to keep struggling and fighting and going to therapy just to have a glimpse is a sunshine ray at a random part of the day.

Thank you so much for those who read, and excuse me for the length.

Hope you all have a great day