It gets better...If you're going to end it what is a few more minutes?This is my tale through depression. I'm sharing in hopes that it may help some people.

Background: I grew up and live in southern Alabama, US. Growing up I was short and had a carefree attitude which made me a great target for bullying. Not to mention having a last name that included the word 'panty'. Have fun with that. So for 12 years I was verbally bullied and for a year physically. Actually got beat up for my lunch money. But in 11th grade I met a girl. Didn't start out as love but we started spending a lot of time together and started dating. She was my rock then. My 12th grade year, my mother moved away for a job in another state. (parents divorced by the way, evil step-mother who was verbally and physically abusive on occasion.) So that left me living with my grandmother. She then became ill and moved in with my aunt not far away. So living in a house by myself, working 40 hours a week sometimes, paying bills and still in high school. But at least I had my girlfriend. After high school, I didn't have a high GPA so I decided I'd go in the military to pay for school. Thought I could get a base close by as to not be too far away from home. Yeah..no. As far continent-ally as I could be from home. So about two years in and an engagement ring later, she breaks it off over the phone. This is the real start of it all.

Spiral:  I didn't tell any of my friends for a few weeks cause I couldn't bring myself to accept it. I finally did and a friend dragged me out to a party off base and I ended up going home with a mother of two(divorced) and instead of that being it, I attached what feelings that were left hanging with my ex-fiance to the new girl. We date for a while and I get deployed so we take a break. 

After I get back, we continue to see each other but we weren't official. I take leave and head home for a couple of weeks. While home over the course of a weekend she goes and meets a guy and gets engaged in the same weekend! Tripped me the fuck out. Ended up sleeping with a married friend who I found out later became pregnant but had a miscarriage. Get back off leave and I start cutting myself. If you've been in that state and feel those endorphins kick in, it's the only real feeling you feel. Then to fuck up my head even further I start having oral sex with the mom, whose engaged, and I'm sleeping in the same bed as her. Her fiance lived a couple hours away. And I ask her to marry me if it doesn't work out with this guy. Very classy right? I saw a military psych and he was useless. Well as you guessed it it didn't work out and then we got married. So now I have two step children, a wife, and an ex-fiance whom I'm still madly in love with at the time too. My new wife has her tubes tied so no chance of kids. Find out my ex-fiance is pregnant. Another mental blow. Find out my friend was pregnant with my child but had a miscarriage. And another mental blow. 

Due to the force shaping program implemented by the Air Force at the time, I get transferred into the reserves back close to home. So now I have to uproot my step kids and my wife to take them from Washington st. to Lower Alabama. Try fitting a wife, two kids, a dog, four cats, and two rats into an Explorer and making it cross country...So we make it home. Finding jobs sucked at the time. Hurricane Ivan had just blown through and a job to support the family that would leave me weekends for the reserves was very hard to find. But we had my family to help. 

Found a job in A/C heat business and worked myself into the hospital. Viral ulcers in my throat, couldn't eat or drink. Lost 15 pounds in a week though. Changed jobs to a line cook and moved to a neighboring town. Relationship got worse. We got to the point where she asked for a divorced. I had thought about it yeah, but I wanted to make it work and she didn't. Also around this time I started hanging out with some high school friends that also included my ex-fiance(still in love with) and her husband. We would all, including the soon to be ex-wife, go out drinking and dancing and my ex would dance/slow dance with me. Just made me think I'd have a chance with her again or at least be with her on the side. I wanted it more than anything. Soon after I started smoking pot with one of my co-workers to help deal with it. The wife left for a weekend to go see her new boyfriend in Virginia(while we are still married) and more or less gets engaged while there. She leaves on our two year anniversary and all I have is a bag of weed...Not bad while you're high. 

If I didn't mention before I have bad anxiety issues and pot was the only way to deal with it since I had no insurance or money to see a doctor. 

Dated and slept around a little. Did some drugs. Did MDNA once and I felt level for the first time in a long time. Just before my ex-wife left and after, I started to hear a voice in my head. It would say, "Just kill yourself. There's no reason to still be alive. You're not even worth it." And so many nights alone just holding a knife to my wrist. 

I got set up on a blind date with my now wife. It went good and we started dating shortly after that. After six months into the relationship I didn't need pot anymore. Things were getting better. eight months in, "I'm pregnant." So we ended up getting married a year to our blind date. She was in college at the time and I finally started college. So newlyweds with a kid and both in college. A financial nightmare. 

I started having seizures. Complex Partial in my temporal lobe. You know that place where the memory is? So my memory isn't too sharp anymore. Took a while to get the seizures under control. Failed a semester because of it. Medical bills piling up. Luckily had some mild insurance at the time. Seizures under control finally and we move into our first house and have a mortgage. Wife dropped out of college and got a full time job. Enter kid number 2. Two kids, a wife, and a mortgage and all that plus full time college student and working 20 hrs a week. My anxiety reached a high point and my depression gradually worsened.

Gets bad again: I would have up and down days. My up days were days I  didn't constantly think about killing myself. And my bad days...didn't go to my classes, maintained a C avg as best as I could, and tried to see a psych at the college, but professor sessions were $500 a pop or $5 dollars for a student to talk to you. And she was useless. Funny story I took one of their tests and it didn't know what I was mentally. I wasn't lying, but I wasn't stable lol. 

So sadly and regretfully I started having an affair with a co worker, and a lady who ran a pizza joint just down the shopping strip, and a fellow classmate. I only had sex with the classmate but made out and fingered the other two. And that made me hate myself more. Then my wife found out about the classmate and I confessed. She doesn't know about the other two. But after a rough patch, we got through it. 
   
My ex-fiance would come into my store I worked at on occasion and I would still get the biggest anxiety attacks. It was hard enough to think about her much less see her. I finally got in contact with her a while ago and was able to talk some things out with her. and even after that it still took several months to finally come to the emotional realization that it was over between us. Nine years...nine years in love with a person, unrequited-ly. 

The good: I'm married to someone who loves me and have two kids. Still have financial problems but steadily working on that. I have been as low emotionally as I can imagine, wanting to kill myself. Went through bouts of all I could think about was killing myself. Held a knife to my wrist too many times. Made small cuts, made bigger cuts elsewhere. 

My point is that it can take a decade, but it will get better. Also, I don't believe in destiny or fate but life has a flow. If you let go and just drift, it makes for a nicer ride than if you fight it's flow like I did on several occasions. And even at those times I could feel the current against me, but I wanted to control my life. It's hard sometimes, but live life. If you can walk far enough in a desert, you will find an oasis. 