My wife is ready to kill herself and I am LOST!!!My wife (55) attempted suide on June 26th via taking a bunch of pills ... effexor, trazadone, and xanax. Basically, whatever we had in the house that she thought might work. It didn't, as I saw her take the pills and called 911 immediately. She had suicidal ideations last November, and saw a therapist who was a tremendous gift of help, and she got past it ... then.

But after the recent attempt, and one visit back to the same therapist, things have gone south. She refuses to see the therapist again, saying "I don't want help." She seems commited to the path of killing herself, and my efforts have been for naught. I feel totally defeated, and can barely get her to promise me one more day.

She suffers from sleep deprivation, and drinks vodka to try and get herself to sleep. Which makes her decision making process completely defective (I should probably mention, on her attempt 6/26, when she got to the hospital her BAC was 0.23). This morning (7/18) she wakes me up at 5:30am, having been up all night, drunk and sleep deprived and saying she just "can't do this any more."

The underlying issue is she is a victim of child molestation, by her brothers, from the age of 8. They never suffered any repercussions for their crimes, and she obesesses over that, and her effots to "get the last word." She has somehow decided her suicde will be the ultimate vengeance on them.

But they are heartless soulless bastards who will feel nothing by her death. Only I will. And her son. And her granddaughter.

Her son has his own serious issues, and therefore is not much help. Her best female friend, from what I can gather, somewhat supports her in "ending her pain." There is no one but me trying desprately to keep her alive.

And I admit, I don't always react well to her threats and promises to kill herself. I sometimes show anger at what she will leave me with, total devastation. She is everything to me, and I won't last long without her.

I am at a loss as to how to proceed, change her mind, and keep her safe. There are no drugs left in our home she could use to try again, I've hidden her car keys, I've hidden the kitchen knives. But I cannot stay up 24/7 to try and keep her safe.