hopelessness permeates everythingI don't really have anyone to talk to, so I'm here.      

I'm just...worthless. A fairly defective, waste-of-space human being. I epitomize the word "useless." In my 19 pathetic years of life I've done nothing of significance or discernible impact. I have virtually no friends, because I can't seem to break past my aloof, reserved shell that desperately yearns for acceptance and love beneath its surface. I was bullied relentlessly throughout much of my life, and the permanent impact on my self-esteem is unequivocal. My parents have been in dire financial straits for all of my life, they've always struggled to maintain any semblance of stability. We went periods without a car, periods where they put our house on the market because the mortgage was so damn overdue, both of them have been perpetually under &amp; unemployed. It's fucked me up, irrevocably. I forever feel as though ending up like them is inevitable; I feel powerless and wholly incapable of ever improving my life station. It breaks my goddamn heart now, to know they're still struggling immensely and I can't do a fucking thing to ease their burdens. Mom and Dad both suffer from depression; Mom's apparently manifested after she had me, and it has stuck since. She attempted suicide when I was 3, and I've always carried that fucking weight with me. Awesome job, what-a-surprise! Your birth resulted in your mother being cursed with an enduring, agonizing mental illness and spurred her to almost end her life. I love my parents, don't get me wrong -- but that fact makes me even more wracked with unfathomable guilt. If that isn't a sign I shouldn't have been fucking born, what is?                   


I decided to go to college ~2,000 miles from home last year, for a fresh start. No longer tethered to the entrenched notions of me that bullying cemented; no longer subjected to the constant realization that my parents are barely scraping by. Well, thus far I have failed completely at every fucking pain-staking effort to improve my life! I made two close friends, last year -- a goddamn miracle, considering my staggering inability to do so prior. One transferred. The other I started dating after a few months. I was head-over-heels, felt as though life was acknowledging my existence after a shit ton of rejection in high school. I was finally happy, outrageously ecstatic. I built my social life around him, devoted every fibre of my being to him (not an advisable decision, I realize)....annnnd he dumped me. And refused to ever speak to me again, after nearly a year of near-constant interaction and undying affection on my end. And hey, at least it proved that I really am as fucking worthless as I feel! So I'm 2,000 miles away from my family, yet lost all the fucking friends I made last year and all vestiges of my former happiness have dissipated. My grades are decent, but my virtually non-existent self-esteem has hindered any efforts at internships thus far, and I'm not nearly as involved as I need to be. My fucking anxiety and my irreparable image of myself mean I'm fucked for any future employment endeavors. I have barely any experience thus far and I'm too damn cowardly to put myself out there, so how will I even begin to function as an adult?            

I'm not normally disposed to whining, and believe me, I know how dramatic and superficial and self-imposed my complaints sound. But I'm just fucking done. I'm fucking done with feeling like such a miserable, pathetic failure. Hopelessness pervades every inch of my being. I've made it 19 years without fostering any meaningful relationships, without any fucking achievements, without generating any faith in myself to successfully pursue future prospects. My crippling fucking depression/anxiety stymies me, I hate myself so goddamn much. I am fucking incapable of making friends, of convincing someone that I'm lovable, and it all just feels so futile. I'm not old by any means, but I remember being 14 or 15 and saying "Just wait for it to get better before you think about... that." And it hasn't gotten better. I just continuously fuck things up, my horribly awkward personality diminishes all opportunities, failure is an inextricable facet of my being. I just don't know how to be happy. I don't think I'll ever find happiness, I don't think I'll ever find success, and I just don't fucking know what to do. I have nothing to live for and all the color is long faded. I love my family. I'm damn thrilled for every person that loves their life, and I wish I could ease the pain of all those that don't. But when it comes to me, I genuinely am a lost cause. I don't think there's any mechanism to fix the person who has been marred by a lifetime of pain, sadness, strife and consistent failure. I don't believe in myself to ever make things better. I don't think I have the strength, energy or capability. And I just...don't know. I'm just so fucking sad, as I sit here alone in my room with no hopes for the future, no hopes for myself, no hopes for progress, and so much fucking pain to reconcile myself with.           

Thanks for reading, if anyone does. As stated, my apologies for whining and the drama. Just needed to vent. No one in my life knows I'm struggling this much, as I don't really have anyone to confide in &amp; I don't want to be a burden. It also breaks my fucking heart to imagine anyone else in this much pain, feeling this fucked up and hopeless, and God how I wish I could just take away the pain from everyone. It's not fucking fair, and this fucking sucks. I'm just so sorry. 