I want to disappear  

Disclaimer: I’m not an English native. I’m sorry that my text can be confusing, and not easy to understand, not to mention this is a WALL OF TEXT of me rambling.

I want to disappear. Being born into a poor family and getting told that becoming an engineer could save me from poverty and debts, I have tried so hard in school years. I am still a student in my master's degree but I feel like current challenges are too big to deal with, not to mention future ones. 

For a period of time, I continuously ask myself if my mother had gone into labor a day after or a day before, the child would have been another person. I just simply didn't exist and witness all the miserable things in my life. Maybe that child would not have such a big dream, would not demand my parents to pay his studying abroad plan by their retirement savings (which leads to them selling their only house omg), would not unintentionally make my older brother choose a less costly university but noticeably worse. My parents were prepared to give birth to an ordinary second son, not a sucker who sucks all the money in the family, however, is not sure about the outcome of the studying abroad plan. (And yeah, obviously this pandemic situation makes everything even harder).

Different from others, I don't wish to die. I just wish that I could suddenly disappear and could be replaced by another man who doesn't get ashamed about his own sexuality, who is less ambitious, who could accept their life without worrying too much about achievement, about academic success, about politics, about future life and even about obsessions with global problems. Above all, the man replacing me is the one whose will, dreams, and life would not make anyone else in my family change their decision and plan, is the one who can bring joy and secure feelings to my family.

I grow up in an environment that not being straight is ridiculous. People call the LGBTQ+ community by offensive names and having a homosexual child is a shame. I have been brought up with this mindset, as a result, I felt ashamed when discovering my sexuality. I tried to deny myself as being gay. I have been pretending to be straight before everyone and doing my best to neglect questions/lie about my sexuality. 

Furthermore, I live in a country that what happened to my grandfathers influence my career prospect. There was a civil war, my grandparents were forced to join the army. Naturally, there is always a lost side in a war and this was my grandfathers’. My parents were only kids as the war finished and they, fortunately, grew up in peace but they were brutally prevented from studying in universities. What the heck? My parents can’t study further than year 12 because their father fought for the lost team? Now after a while, my brother and I are allowed to go to universities but we are still banned from army, political, and police ones? My brother would like to attend the exam for an army school, although his marks were qualified, he was refused because of what my grandfathers, who died years before my parents got married, did in the past. Make any sense?? My brother and I are also not allowed to work for the government even the tiniest office position is impossible. “Just in the private sector, son” – once said my father. The same situation is applied for every family whose members fought for the lost team in that civil war.

It's tragic when I was born and grew up in a place then I can’t get recognized because of my sexuality and something happened more than a half-decade ago. There are still also tons of other reasons to make me want to flee. I desperately want to study abroad to move to another country where I will be accepted regardless of some random thing about me and my family. But the journey is too hard. My parents must pay such a big amount of money that it risks their retirement (not owning a house, not having money). I lied to them about my sexuality to achieve my goals. I even planned to move out forever without thinking of the responsibility of taking care of them. I feel guilty because my older brother, who should have had the right to ask for his part of money, had to choose another university (since my parents don’t have enough money for two). Overall, I totally consider myself unworthy of manipulating my family’s love.

I was way too naïve two years ago to start this journey, I didn’t expect the consequence if I fail. I just thought about success and happiness and now when everything gets harder and harder, I felt exhausted. The Covid-19 takes place and now I felt everything is trying to prevent me from fulfilling my dream. What if another me have had born on another day? I hope that guy would not begin all this awful plan, would make so many his beloveds to be involved in and get suffered. I hope that guy would not care too much about inequality, he would be straight, he would not worry too much about climate change, about politics, he would just grow up working hard, get married and have children like others. If by any chance, there is anyone like that appears, I will definitely be grateful to disappear in the dust, to get forgotten forever by everyone, to be able to set free from this disappointing world. 

Recently things get worse, I start to begging a death. These days my head hurt really badly, I couldn’t concentrate on anything including taking shower and having lunch, I cry like a child every night and every time I go out I can’t help wishing a car to run over me. It would be a perfect end for me, I guess.

I don’t hope you read the whole text but if you did, I would love to give you a hug. I apologize for its coherence as this is a Word document I use to write to release stress whenever I get stressed. So what you read above is an edited version of a “stress journal”. I only public this on Reddit because things are truly overwhelmed at the moment and I really need some comment from you. Any comments are welcome.