I got some perspective yesterdayStory time- 

At the start of the year I got approached by someone in the company I work for about a job he wanted me to apply to. Feeling like it would be a good opportunity to help my career I took the job. I started in April, a week later my baby was born 3 weeks early. I knew I wasn’t super comfortable with the job yet but I wanted to take the company paid 2 weeks parental leave to spend time with my new son. I called my boss to basically see if he was ok with it and he told me I wasn’t getting caught up fast enough (after a week) and that I couldn’t afford to take 2 weeks off yet. Off to a shitty start feeling like I suck at my job already and not able to spend time helping my wife with our child stress built up super fast. 

I started getting anxiety on Sunday nights, I didn’t want to go to be because I dreaded the thought of waking up to go to work. I hated the job because week after week my boss reminded me how bad I was at the job. A month or 2 in this built up to an all time high. I woke up in a sweat at 4:30 one morning, and was not in a good place. I couldn’t fall back to sleep, then it came. The darkness crept in, the idea of suicide. This was the first time in my life that the thought came and didn’t sound like a bad option. It scared me. 

The very next day I called my doctor. When I went in I didn’t say I was having suicidal thoughts... idk why. I explained all the other weird symptoms I had started experiencing for the recent months. He put me on an anti-depressant, the first few weeks were a rough adjustment with the added negative side effects of the medication. 

One day while I was feeling particularly down again I took my 2 year old to the park and we were running around playing, I pulled up my phone and started playing the trolls soundtrack since he’s obsessed with poppy. The song “Get Back Up Again” hit me. It has become the song I listen to when I’m feeling down. I think of the pure joy on my boys face when we were playing at the park and I hold that in my mind. The demons come, and I jam out to Poppy singing and think about my kids happiness. 

I decided the job was likely one of the biggest changes in my life that could be inviting the demons, so I started looking for a new job. I finally got an offer, I don’t start until mid October but I’m hopeful that the stress, and the darkness will go away. 

Yesterday I took my boys to my parents house and was talking with them for a little while. I told them about some of the stress of the job (not the extent of suicidal thoughts or anything) but my father told me he once worked with someone who did the same role but in his company. Supposedly about 1-2 months into the role this person went missing. They later found out he had committed suicide. That hit very close to home... that could’ve been me. I thought I was just being dramatic about how bad the job is but someone else may have had the same dance with the darkness and lost. It shook me. I haven’t told anyone about my suicidal thoughts. This is the first time. 

I’ve been talking to my doctor, my therapist, I’m changing my job... I’m hoping to get out of this soon. I want my life to be full of happiness, I want to see my boys grow up and build lives of their own. I want to be there for them. 

I don’t know why I’m really saying this here. I guess I needed to say something to someone. I could use a hug. I guess I want someone to tell me that everything will be alright, that I’ll make it through and to keep my head up. 

Anyways. I hope you all have a good weekend:)