It feels like it's creeping up on me, not sure how much longer I can go on with it.It's been exactly a month since my mother died at the age of 51. I always considered myself to not have to worry about the scenario until I was in my 30's, but here I am dealing with it at the age of 19. I've been criticized and pointed out at how well I'm coping with all of this happening for me, but deep down inside I'm hurt like the rest of them, I'm just desensitized from all the quarrels, problems, and depression leading up to it, not to mention nightmares almost every single night since then.

It used to be just my mother, myself, and my brother all living together. My father left because of a relationship dispute some time ago when I was younger, but he has still been there for me. But since this has all happened, it has felt like nothing but control over the situation. He doesn't want to support me and my brother financially while he's the only one with a job right now, and he can't support us socially because he lives in another city. The most he's done is tell us to get a job and start manning up to the responsibilities that my mother used to take care of, but to be fair, neither me or my brother have had the willpower to do anything since. I want to go and see a grievance counselor with my brother, but procrastination, depression, and anxiety has been getting the better of both of us, and I doubt my father would be willing to help in that regard.

I feel really broken right now. Unable to work and keep up in today's society. Everyone's pushing us forward, telling us what to do, how to do, what we need. I feel it's only a matter of time before either me or my brother hatches an idea and it plays out like some sort of dramatic movie. I asked my brother today how is he feeling today, on a scale from 0 being like any other day, to 10 being that he knows today is his last. He replied 8, I replied 6, although that's probably just the desensitization talking, and I'm probably more closer to 8 or 9.

I feel like this is all revolving around money. It doesn't feel right at all, especially considering that my mother used to get paid spousal support, and she'd spend that money on me and my brother. It now goes all back to my dad and haven't seen anything since. I've tried speaking up against my dad about this, but the most he does is hold what little he supports us on right now over our heads and asks if we want his support or not.

I don't know what to do anymore. I don't know how to live. I definitely don't know how to help myself. A lot of these things, I would have asked my mother to hold my hand and help me do them. She would give me so much support through it until I was able to do it myself, but now all I get is tough love.