I am about to lose the love of my life and it's killing me.I have been in a relationship for 1 1/2 years now. My first Girlfriend. I know it seems crazy but all my life I was fully convinced I would never find anyone that understood me and would love me forever. I was fully prepared to live alone for the rest of my life then I met her. I truly believe she is the love of my life. I left people behind for her. I've been depressed for a long time and it keeps getting worse, she was the only one that kept me together. The reason I wanted to stay here. I wouldn't give her up for anything in the world. Now she is telling me she needs her time we haven't had any real contact in 2 Weeks and it's killing me. She's telling me that she isn't giving up the relationship but she doesn't want to give me any hope that we will stay together. I don't blame her I know it can't be easy being with a depressed piece of shit all the time. She is telling me I didn't do anything wrong but I place the blame on me. It couldn't have come at any worse time either. My Work has been fucking with my mind very badly and I am newly in debt. Its a not a lot nothing I can't pay of in a year or so but of course thinking about that too isn't helping. None of my friends ever understood me. When I told them that I've been self harming they were just like what the fuck don't do that that's stupid. Yeah I know it's stupid thank you. I know they like me but they can't be there for me even if they always tell me to call whenever I feel like shit. I can't do that I can't explain to them what is going on. They don't understand what depression is like and neither does my family. They'll always say hey it'll get better. Like that's any fucking help. 2 Days ago I fully planned to jump of a bridge because I can't be alone. This time without her is the absolute worst.
I have been crying every single day and night since then even on the train or walking around in public even at work. Which is so humiliating btw. I can't think of anything else but her. She's the only thing at still makes me happy, I don't even have any hobbies anymore. Nothing is fun when I'm not with her I'm out getting wasted to stop myself from hurting myself. After I wanted to end it I decided no you can get better maybe she will stay who knows and I decided to try to get help. Every therapist I've tried to call hasn't answered and calling them took so much strength and every time they didn't answer it just seemed like no one can help me.
A few days ago someone I wouldnt consider a friend but someone I know asked me if I was alright because I've been posting a lot depressing music on my Instagram stories and I decided fuck it I don't know you that well but you always seemed like a stand-up guy to me. So I told him everything in a short message and he ignored me. Even if a stranger on the street would tell me he almost killed himself and is considering to go through with it I would be concerned but he I guess didn't care. Why even ask then.. 
My Mother knows I'm depressed but has never tried to help me. I don't blame her at all but I wish she would just ask me how I'm doing every once in a while. She never does.
I truly believe if she leaves me I will die. 
I don't want anyone else I need her but I love her so much I would rather see her be happy even if it is without me. 
I told her to follow what her heart is telling her and I guess I'll do the same. 
I don't expect anyone to answer this post I just had to let some shit out
Thank you for listening and sorry if there are any mistakes, English isn't my first language.