I'm not dead.So... https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/3obiab/when_did_living_become_such_a_burden/ that was my post.

Today was the day. I was left home alone in the morning, I had the opportunity to just end everything... But something amazing happened last night. I was texting my girlfriend all day yesterday in an intense emotional conversation. She was trying to do everything she could to convince me not to go through with it. Despite her efforts, I was still planning on doing it. But then she pulled through in the most unexpected way. It was a little after 9:30 at night, and as the day drew to a close I was becoming desperate... I was out of time, I knew I was gonna die the next day, by my own hand, but I was suddenly looking for a way out of it. Then I got a phone call from my friend Alan. He was outside my house with our friend Juan. My girlfriend, amazing girl that she is, knowing it's just impossible for her to come herself because she lives 2-3 hours away, called our friends, and got them to drive 15 miles to my house, when they didn't even know exactly where it was. From there, I had a long talk with my friends... But the bottom line is that they gave me hope, and perspective. They brought me back from the edge... I could never kill myself after that, not after all the effort they put in to keep me alive. It's gonna be tough for a while... But I'm gonna endure it. I love my friends, and I love my girlfriend even more, but I love them all with all my heart. I'd be dead right now if it wasn't for their combined efforts, but especially my girlfriend... My friends had no idea, they never would have showed up if she didn't tell them. She saved my life... As of tomorrow, we'll have been together for 2 months... Most girls would have turned tail and ran at the first sign of trouble, but not her. I know she's the one I'm gonna spend my life with. I already knew that, but this just further backs that up. I love her so much... I don't know how I could even have considered putting her through the pain I did. I'll never forgive myself for that, and I'll spend the rest of my life trying to return the favor. Anyways, I just wanted to tell you guys that I'm still here. Thanks to those who commented. /u/thepimp514, I'll never let her go. Thank you.