everyone I love is goneIt's tiring. Every time I invite someone to the closest part of my heart, one way or another, they are ripped forcibly from my life completely. Some are by falling outs, some are by things I wasn't involved in, but they are all in the same at the end of the day. 

I've been thinking a lot about my ex-girlfriend whom I loved for a year, before she accused me, and carefully made sure to announce to all of our friends as well, that I both physically and emotionally abused her. I've been thinking about my former best friend -- who, during my aforementioned relationship, attempted suicide -- she had told me about her attempt to my face, after a year of being distant, and I didn't do anything in response. I just gave her the generic "Are you okay?" spiel and watched as she completely disappeared from my life.

I did a change of scenery, and found a new group of friends who care for me deeply. One friend, my best friend currently, was especially close to me. She did everything in her power and so much just to make sure I could sleep easy at night. We started dating, and it was going phenomenally. But, recently, she broke up with me to get back with her abusive ex-boyfriend, and she has refused to be my friend now.

It kills me to sit here and do nothing for my best friend. I've seen the tears in her eyes when she tells me of all the manipulative shit he's capable of, and I've seen her mouth unable to find words when she wants to find something good to say about him. And, I've found that none of her friends, no matter how close, have been told any positive news about him either. I'm not satisfied with sitting on my fucking hands and hope that I am wrong. But the bridge is burned and I can't do anything anymore.

I don't know how to deal with it anymore. I'm forced to fucking count the people who leave my life and be unable to do shit. I recognize it's not always my fault, perhaps it never was, but it burns to know I had the power to do more  and that I failed. I am vividly convinced that it's all in the past, but I don't know how to put it away, because I don't want to. I always want to believe there's something more I can do. But that is never the case. It never gets any easier, only opens bigger holes each time.