Why is life so unfairly hard.I wanna end it so, so bad. I've tried multiple times to talk to people, to reach out for help, but as soon as they hear the word suicidal, they want nothing to do with me. 

I get to watch every day how my other family members are so cared for and well treated. 

It's not even a physical thing, I'm constantly ignored emotionally. 

I live with my cousin and her 3 kids as I have for a few years now, since my dad decided meth was more important to him. 

My oldest cousin (other than their mom)  is 20, 2 years older than I am. 

I get that it's her son and she cares about him, but it just makes me feel so shitty knowing I have no one willing to take the time to help me at all.

I get it's not anyone else's fault, and I get that I'm responsible for my own happiness... It's just so hard. 

No one ever notices, either. I go days without bathing or changing clothes and they just assume I'm lazy. I'll sleep for 13 hours straight sometimes. I'm not lazy, I wanna do these things, I just feel so shitty. 

I think it started when my mother passed away, I basically had to cope with that completely alone.

No one ever even tried to comfort me past the "I'm sorry, son" my dad gave me when he told me.

I didn't get anything to remember her by. No ashes, no funeral, no nothing.

And now everyone is so sad over my cousin because he lost his dad recently.

Don't get me wrong, I love my cousins dearly. It's just so fucking hard watching everyone care so much about someone else when no one gave a fuck when it happened to you.

I DID have a person like that, but she's gone now, as I'm sure you can piece together. The sadness has been getting worse and worse lately, and I just wanna make it end.

It's getting too hard to deal with, I'm not sure how much longer I can go on like this. It makes it worse when I think about who I'd be making feel bad by killing myself, and the only thing stopping me is the fear of having to explain how I killed myself to my mother in the next.

Typing this out didn't really make me feel any better like I thought it might, but I'm gonna press the post button because I WILL NOT be typing it out again.