I only need the strength to do itSelf explanatory.

Everytime I express myself,in any way,I get rejected,criticized or random people I don’t even know calling me hurtful names.

People I don’t know calling me a liar &amp; other derogatory insults on reddit.

I think I’ll stay away from social media for awhile.

Think whatever you want to of me.

I’m not a robot......I’m a human being &amp; I’m not perfect.

Do you believe that calling me a liar will make you feel better?

You don’t know anything about me.

You’re just some random person commenting online.

I set a deadline for the end of the year.

I’ve been doing that a lot lately,every year I say this will be the year I do it but I’m a coward.

Hopefully if I stay in bed for a month,maybe this pain I’ve suffered today will go away.

I have a class tonight but now I’ve been demonized &amp; lost the emotional strength to go anywhere but my class is counting on me.

These people need me for rehearsal tonight as the shakespeare workshop class performance is tomorrow.

Do you see what you have done?

Fuck you for making mw depressed again.

I have no friends so noone will notice me staying in bed for a month after the performance.

That is how sad I am.

Last week,I felt like dying.

I thought I was getting better a little this week but today I was verbally attacked by strangers on reddit &amp; now I’m in the dumps again.

How long am I supposed to tolerate this sick world?

I’ll be honest with my therapist on Friday &amp; whatever he decides to do with that,I won’t object.

I hate everything &amp; everyone on this Earth.

If this planet descended into hell today,I would stand there &amp; not do a thing to help.

If you were dying of thirst,I would not give you water &amp; keep on walking.

This world is filled with monsters disguised as human beings........especially the internet.

We all have the means.

Its up to each person,including me,to decide when they’ve had enough.

Its getting harder every day for me not to do it.