Should I suffer for the remainder of my life? Should I find peace and rest?Long story short, I have been depressed and suffer from anxiety for years.. my family never acknowledged it until a year ago or so. My mom is most concerned. I’m a 29 year old male, and things just don’t seem to be going in a good way for me. Dead end jobs with no growth.. watching my family and friends succeed and start families and buy homes.. while I still live at home because me and my ex split and I left my house.. all I do now is to work and lay in bed. I went to school for music and I taught guitar lessons and played all over and I haven’t done a thing in a year.. I think about ending my life a lot but recently me and my dad got into it and I heard some things he has said to my mother about me and it has destroy my will to live. All I ever wanted to do was make him proud. And he hasn’t ever showed me he was proud of how far I got in music. But now I work in the oil gas industry he is all about it. But we haven’t spoken in months. My living situation there is hard. I rarely eat because I don’t wanna run into him down stairs.. it’s very uncomfortable and honestly brings me down more.. my sisters don’t speak to me at all and my nephew is forgetting who I am. I’m lost and don’t know what to do. I think sometimes if I’m gone, they won’t worry anymore and can move on with their lives.. it has ruined relationships, friendships, jobs, etc.. I cry everyday and I try to beat it. I am a very smart guy, great grades in college and high honors.. but it was never enough.. all I wanted was to make my family proud. All I have is my pug. He keeps me going for now but he has gotten older.. I am really lost and not sure what to do. I’ve tried meds but they made me worse. I can’t afford therapy and I don’t believe telling someone my problems and venting while they go home to live a great successful life is helping me.. I’m scared because all I do is think about ending my life. What do I do? Where do I go? Colorado is my dream home.. but I’ll probably never make it there to just start over... I need direction. But I’m afraid it won’t come soon enough and I’ll be gone.. no one will miss me anyway. I’m just one of the millions of depressed people working dead end jobs.. no one will miss me. The world will continue to thrive and people will move on. I’m so lost. I don’t know what to do. I used to be so happy and excited and full of joy. Now I don’t talk to anyone go anywhere and I’m lonely. What do I do?