For the first time in months I'm starting to feel much less suicidal!Maybe you've seen some of my posts on here. I'm really struggling with suicidal thoughts and often came here for support. It's all because I used to smoke way and way too much for like 9 years and on a poor diet too. I'm 28 and quit that shit 1.5 years ago. After that I started hitting the gym constantly and lived incredibly healthy. The contrast was so huge that I became enraged at my past self. What was I thinking!?!? I became extremely irrational and wanted to kill myself because it feels like I've seen the light too late. I hate myself so much. I can't believe how much I've missed out on...

At some point I also contacted my ex and she answered with an annoyed message and blocked me. I was in an extremely suicidal mood that day and made a new account and started crying to her. How I'm done with life and so on because I felt like it's too late. She said I was 'just living in my tragic mind' and blocked me again. I made a new account and confessed about my unhealthy past and she said 'so what? your choice to live in a dumphole'... My naive mind seriously thought that she'd want to help me so I kept making new accounts and crying to her while she said provocative shit like 'you didn't change a bit' which triggered me to argue because I've changed so much! That's when she exploded and completely cursed me out. Told me 'you'll never learn how to live your life' and so on... Saying that to me who was feeling extremely weak and vulnerable was the worst... I got stuck in 6 months extra of suicidal thoughts... 

BUT: I'm finally over it. I'm becoming myself again. I'm so fucking strong after working out everyday and eating the best foods for so long. I tried to explain this to my ex but she ignored all my messages so fuck her! I don't need her validation. She was just shitting on me so she could feel better about herself. Hitting someone when they're down is complete degenerate behavior and I'm glad she's out of my life. I can't wait until I find a great new girlfriend and will start a family in like 7 to 8 years from now. I'm also moving to Asia to teach English as soon as covid-19 has settled down. Can't wait to have a long and succesful life. Fuck suicide!