I'm alone and depressed and I can't get out of thisReddit, I don't have anywhere else to turn. I'm an 18yo Male from NYC, and I'm really scared I'm not going to be able to keep going. This is my story:

I think I've had some form of depression since I was 9 or 10. As far back as that, I've always remembered not really liking myself, thinking that everyone was better than me in every way, and in general having way less motivation to do things that I should. I also know that I have Maladaptive Daydreaming Disorder, a condition where basically one has incredibally detailed and intricate daydreams, which often serve to counter one's own perceived inadaquacies. In my daydreams, I'm not inadequate at all, but I command a massive fleet of starships that basically guard the planet. Whenever I am feeling seriously awful, I bring myself into this world, and everything is okay again. 

I haven't always known that my conditions matched up to some form of depression. For a while I've been in and out of psych offices. Some tested me for ADD, others for Asbergers, but nothing ever really fit. I didn't self harm, I didn't really consider suicide, so I never set off those alarms. 


(names changed for privacy reasons)

Then I met Sally, my first girlfriend. She was the sweetest, gentlest, most empathetic person I have ever met. She also had extremely serious depression, with a suicide attempt and a long history of cutting to her name. She and I felt a powerful connection, and for three months we were extremely happy together. At around three months together, however, a series of events in her life came together, and she tried to take her life again. While she survived, she was sent into extremely serious psychiatric treatment several states away, and through a combination of her experiences there and my own worsening depression, we drifted apart and broke up. 

My other closest friend has been a girl I'll call Kate (she's a redditor too, so fake name). Kate and I share a bunch of similarly nerdy intrests, we're both nerdfighters (DFTBA), both love mass effect, and have all sorts of similar traits. After breaking up with Sally, Kate was the only person who was really there for me, and was with me for a lot of the time as I began to discover that I had a very similar condition to the one that Sally had. With nothing hiding it anymore, I fell into a really ugly spiral of self harm, self hate, and suicidal thoughts. I was, however, able to tell it all to Kate, who's simple presence made it better. While she couldn't completely understand what I was going through, she was an open ear, and I told her everything about the way my brain works.
After returning from independent vacations, however, she seemed to start growing distant. Yesterday, I received an email telling me that my problems had grown too much for her to handle, and that I was using her as a therapist, rather than as a friend. She severed all contact with me, and has completely refused to awknowledge my existence since. The truth is, on my vacation, I actually began to have some of the same concerns myself, and I wanted to talk with her about them after we got back. She however, was extremely hesitant to meet with me in person, so we never had that talk.

I'm really scared and I don't know what to do. I have just left my senior year of high school and I've stopped talking to many of my old friends, since more often than not they'd trigger a depressive episode. The only really good friend I had was Kate, who has completely refused to ever talk to me again. I have a psychiatrist now, but he hasn't been very open to medication options, as he thinks that its all guesswork and nobody really knows what meds do.

I am completely alone, and I'm having trouble continuing to live. It quite simply hurts far too much for me to be able to endure, and I'm really worried that, if this continues, I'm going to wind up taking my own life. I can't see another way to stop this pain. What can I do, Reddit?