I don't know how to proceedLet me start with saying that from the outside, life is damn perfect. A college graduate from a prestigious university, able to get on fairly well with others and a family that for the most part loves me. Money isn't even that big of an issue at the moment. You wouldn't see it but I am insanely depressed.


With that out of the way, suicide seems increasingly to be the best option for me. I've been depressed for as long as I can remember. Frankly, its hard to remember what life was like before all this cynicism and self hatred. I can't forget even the slightest mistake in my life. I'm pretty sure I have [HSAM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyperthymesia) or something like it. Any accomplishment is overshadowed in my mind by embarrassment, missteps and perceived failures. Trying to sleep is impossible without a podcast to drown out my own thoughts. This is likely a huge factor in my depression. I have to imagine most people can simply forget or let go of those bad points in their life. For me however, those are the memories I truly remember. Not the highlights but the low points. 


I feel I've given life a fair chance. I've been suicidal for over 3 years now and the only thing holding me back is familiar obligation and the ripple effect it would cause on my family. If that wasn't the case, I'd be dead already. My long term plan is to outlive my immediate family so I can kill myself guilt free. (I'm sure that will work out well).


But now comes the time where I need to man up. I've begun looking for jobs and working part time since graduating but it all feels to be in vain. Nothing about the upcoming years of my life seem appealing. I only go through the motions to make others happy. If it were up to me, I just wouldn't be (or at the very least be bothered by any of this). I cannot realistically see myself being independent and functional. Its like my feet are cemented in place. There simply is no motivation in me. And the sad thing is, I know I would do well if I got there. I just can't bring myself to get there. My family has tried to be supportive, tried to be forceful and every degree in between.

I've have tried and am currently taking medication for depression and anxiety. I have tried therapy and counseling. I have channeled my feelings into art for 7 years but still the feelings remain. Almost every smile I have is forced. All interactions a sham of how I truly feel. It isn't worth it to burden other people with the knowledge of whats going on inside.



Every time I walk across the street, some part of me hopes a car will run me over. 

Every time I peer over a ledge, some part of me want to throw myself off. 

Every time I let myself go there, I imagine how relieving it would be to die. 
Its just that I'm too weak to do it.

I don't see an outcome that has both me living and me being happy. I can fake it but why bother?

So I come to you, stranger on the internet, not looking for attention but looking for answers. Solace maybe. 

What do I do? What is the right course of action to take when none of the choices seem to be good ones?

In all fairness, I wouldn't distress too much stranger. I've been like this for a long time now. I wish it would end but I'll likely be here tomorrow, suffering as usual.




















