after six failed suicide attempts, I plan on jumping off a bridge.I cant live anymore. I am 14y male with adhd anxiety and severe depression. I have attempted suicide 6 times and i plan on jumping of a 46 meters high bridge. I feel out of place from crowds of people. I have been depressed for as long as i can remember, but before i didn't recognize this to be depression and always said to myself i am just 'calm' or emotionless. I don't know if i should talk with my friends about this. They seem to like having me around but we aren't that close to each other. I have other friends that i don't hang around with anymore as they aren't really good friends, so i hang around the other guys. I don't know who i should talk to. I already know how big of an asshole i am for trying to kill myself regardless of how it would make people feel, that's all i have been told from rehab after the sixth time i tried to kill myself. Antidepressants have failed and have said have likely made me even more depressed. I tried everything i just feel either the same or worse. My mom is always yelling at me for being this depressed piece of shit. My dad threatens to call the cops on me for locking myself in my room (I don't even understand how he thinks that will work). There is a good fucking reason I am behind this locked door you assholes. My older sister seems to be the only one who loves me sometimes. She understands the pain i am going through and she knows what its like to be depressed. She gone through what i did and is recovering from depression after a failed suicide attempt. She used to tell me how she wanted to kill her self and i would always talk her out of suicidal plans and help her from physical, mental and verbal abuse from my parents. She is recovering now but i don't know if i will ever recover. Even if i move out from my parents I would still feel the same. I don't feel hope for myself in the future. I plan on jumping off a 46 meters high bridge that will result in a high chance of death. I don't know what i should do. Should i talk with my friends with this? I don't know what should i do. I hate being alive. I really don't see it getting better and i want it to end now.