Why should I love myself? Please tell meLet me tell you everything I absolutely despise myself about and if theres anything that makes you think "hey, this guy might be even slightly redeemable" then... idk, let me know I guess lol.

You dont really have to read all this to answer the question I guess.

1. Born into a narcisstic mentally/physically/sexually abusive hellscape.

2. Spent 25 years of life being circus-level fat. The whole time, obese to avoid looking attractive to rapists I guess. I'm a guy btw.

3. Never had any friends or talked to anyone, I would go entire days without speaking, and when I did, I'd be so startled to hear my own voice, like a dog farting itself awake.

4. I'm God's original joke. I've never not been a laughing stock. Whether it's my appearance or attitude, most people around me scoff, or find themselves grotesquely amused.

5. My attitude. It feels like rage, loneliness and despair sit under my chest like a calm ocean, or probably more like a pressured container, just slowly adding more and more to it until... well, who needs to die naturally anyway? It's just that I'm horrible. I'm insanely short with people, I'm sensitive, and i mbv extremely paranoid.

6. My attitude (again). Beneath that first level of "rage water", theres a striking sense of fear of anxiety at my core. It used to make even saying "here" during roll call at school unbearable. Literal bright red face from .02 seconds of attention on me.

7. My weakness. This is probably the thing I'm most disgusted with. I front like im a normal person and that wards most assholes off now... but if they knew how easily they could destroy me... I'm utterly pathetic.

8. My desperate need for friends/relationships. I feel like I've been locked inside a glass case. I can observed, but not reached. People have tried to be my friend through the years, but I shut them down 100% of the time. I'll talk now, but I can barely stand to be out with people. Its exhausting. I've done without people for 25 years and it's been hell, but it's been manageable. Now I cant go a single day without fantasizing about sweet death.

9. I spent 2 years losing 200 pounds. I did it, and strangers noticed and congratulated me for it as I went along far more than my family did (even the good family members didn't seem to care much). I did it though, and I didnt reach my goal by only 15 lbs but I never felt better. That high lasted... well it's gone now. It did me no good but undo my ideal way to die.

10. My procrastination. I've never had any guidance in life. Sometimes people dont get heroes or role models. They just have to stumble around in the dark until they find a match. I've never tried to find one. There never seemed to be point. Now I'm 27 and I have nothing. Everything that seems worth working for is long-gone in terms of actionable time. Now it's just the foot of a mountain and I'm watching other people my age just finish scaling the top. If I start climbing now, I'll die if I fall. Maybe if I lived long enough to retire I could do it at 75 lol. Just enough time to realize I should've killed myself decades ago.

11. My social status. Drifters have more friends than me. My abusive, evil, piece of shit dad has more friends than me. I just cant do it no matter how I try. It actually took me until I was 15 to figure out how much of a loser I really was. It took me until I was 23 to learn I was fatally, "unalterably" flawed. It's taken me until now to realize I sacrificed all my good years for nothing but fear.

Really, I'm like a cockroach that survived a nuclear blast, mutating into a hateful, skittering, fearful little insect.

There's more, by God, theres more. My therapist seems to think the best course to let me slide down the suici-slide until she can Baker-act me and finally force me to take medication.

All I want is someone to tell me how I'm supposed to be. People aren't supposed to be permanently on pills, I'm pretty sure Darwin said so at some point. Survival of the fittest right?

The idea that I cant survive without them is very troubling. The idea of being dependent on something for life when theres nothing physically wrong with me is troubling. If I cant live on my own, why should I?

Why should I love myself? I don't feel like I deserve it.