Tired of tedium.Suicide has been a consistantly arising thought for the last few years. I've wrote down my feelings about it multiple times, this is the first time I won't tear it up, or hide it away and keep it to myself. Oddly enough, I don't think I would go without at least attempting to hear out another on the matter, I feel that would be douchey, and I'm not fully committed yet. I don't want to hurt anyone, honestly. I just don't want to be here. I don't want to exist. Ideally, I never would have lived, but at least I tested it out for a bit. I certainly don't want to continue living. I hate life. I think it sucks. Specifically, the part where I am a vulnerable bag of meat, need to fend for myself and horde resources, be part of society and conform to its norms or be locked up, am painfully aware of my flaws and limitations, all the while contemplating mine and others' futile existances. It's a game I don't want to play. Whatever I do I'm just going to die anyways, so can I skip the fucking wait and just get to the end already? I don't care what will happen. Eternal suffering, reincarnation, nothing at all? Doesn't matter. Just like living. What's the big fucking deal, why is life precious? It isn't. We're just stupid animals that kill, rape and torture each other. I wouldn't wish it upon anyone. _x000D_
_x000D_
Someone tell me why the hell not. I'm not of any benefit to this world. There won't be this huge rift in space and time if I choose to leave early. Don't give me that bullshit that I don't know who I might affect if I keep on living. I've ruled out reproducing, lest I unleash more fuckups like myself into the world. I do wish I would have done this sooner, before I got to know all these people. There would probably be a few people that'll miss me. Family. I will talk to them before I go, I want them not to worry and I'll console them that it's not their fault entirely. In time they'll get over it, if they have a reason, some goal or a strong will to keep going. They might be better off if I do. Or not. Maybe they don't handle death well. In which case I've got some bad news for them._x000D_
_x000D_
 My life has been pointless, and I have no hope that the future will be any different. I understand suicide isn't an answer. But it is appealing as an alternative to everyday toil. I think to myself, instead of doing this or that, I could not be. Not be me. Anymore. Permanently. Part of me smiles at this idea, so final, that this could all cease. No more waking up, no more eating, no more shitting, no more emotions, no wanting and lust, no money, no talking, no people. Silence. I like thinking about this. I want to just go for it, no dramatics, simply ending._x000D_
