I feel like I’m getting close.posting on my throwaway in case my friends who use reddit often find this. i dont want them to freak out or to know. 

i don’t know if tonight is the night, but i feel like this summer is when i will finally do it. ive been feeling myself slowly give up more and more over the past year and now its gotten to the point where i know im going to do it fairly soon. 
im turning 20 in a few weeks, i never expected to make it this far. my last real attempt was when i was 15 and i came so so close. but now i dont know what to do. i have no plans or strong passions for anything. i have people i care about and someone i love but its nothing strong enough to make me stop feeling like im already dying. like theres nothing to stop it.
its almost like when they say that old people know when they are about to die, so they call family over and spend time with their loved ones to get thise last moments in. ive made plans to go see those i care about over the next two months. 
ive given my savings account to my mother, and i talk to her with the promise that ill go to college this year but i know i wont.
ive started tidying up my room, and making sure everyone in the house knows the routine my cats lives upon. i keep getting praise that im being more responsible and everyone is glad to see me in a better headspace. which is good, but it feels like im unknowingly preparing for when im gone. like im mkaing sure i have what i need done before i die.
i had a meltdown the other night, and my best friend talked to me for about two hours. i feel like all that did was get me out of doing it in that moment, and i told them that i was gonna be fine, not really knowing how to tell them that im still going to be dead soon.
i know my life is precious and all, ive called those hotlines, ive tried telling my mom and my bf, ive done all i could to try and make it go away because i know there should be something that stops me and makes me want to continue living. but theres nothing. 
i dont even have any strong emotions like pain or being super depressed, this is almost being taken as a matter of fact thing. 
i dont even know why im posting this here, like theres a small part of me that wants to talk about it i guess? i dont know its so weird. 
im sorry for the long post. no need to reply if you dont want to, or dont know what to say. i also didn’t proofread this so sorry for any grammar or spelling mistakes.