My life is going nowhereThis is sort of sudden for me, all things considered. I moved with my elderly father and little sister to a new town to get a fresh start from all the horrible things that happened to us in our old town. I figured "Hey, maybe I can go to school and finally get started on my dreams!" 

All I want to do with my life is write the cartoons, television shows, movies or books that help people like those things did for me when I was growing up. I had a bad home, two alcoholic and violent parents who pulled the narcissistic personality disorder thing on me and made me into the scapegoat. I didn't get any love. No one taught me how to be a person. I knew no one in that family wanted me to ever be born but, I figured, I had to be here for some reason. What universe would throw someone out into this kind of situation for them not to have a purpose, right? 

Problem is I have PTSD and bipolar disorder. I'm on meds and, for the most part, I thought it was under control. Then I got turned down for a good college and my mind just blew apart. I've got no direction, I have no idea if I'll ever be able to find a school that can give me the tools or help I need to accomplish my dream and now I live in a fucking podunk small town in Kentucky with no friends and a job I really could take or leave. All I do is go to work for ten hours, come home, play some Overwatch and then sleep to do it all over again. 

Guys, I can't be stuck again. I can't just keep throwing myself against the wall and hoping my writing will somehow get better or reach the people I want it to reach. I have no idea what I'm doing and my mental illness has taken the wild passion I used to have for writing. All I've been able to think since yesterday is "I am going to kill myself". 

I can't be like the rest of my family. All of them had such promise but then wasted it on drugs, alcohol or fuck up after fuck up. It's like a family curse. I can't. I won't become another rotten branch on this dying tree. I'd rather someone sever me right now and let me wither on the ground than continue to plead an uncaring universe for some kind of guidance or mentor or hope that I'll finally be heading in the right direction. 

I just can't. 