Dying is the only way to escape mistreatmentI'm not even saying that my life is bad.  I'm saying that the only way to not be constantly disrespected is to be dead.

It's not a matter of the typical things like not having social or familial relationships or the stress of an inconsistent work history or not making a lot of money, although all of those things are present in my life.

It's that the people who are supposed to help always make it worse.  I was born indebted to my parents and have been playing emotional catch up ever since.  I was yelled at for being afraid, sometimes in incidents that happened over ten years ago and I have thought about them every single day since, but my parents remember none of it.  I'm confused and disoriented and I have a thousand burning questions that I never get to ask, although people love to comment on how smart they think I am, but they never answer my questions. 

Therapists mock me and I can't take it anymore.  They mock my tone of voice, they don't retain what I tell them about myself, they interrupt me to shut me down from talking.  I had one guy curse at me.  They tone police me, they dismiss me.  The last therapist wanted to talk politics with me which I find strange and offensive and I specifically asked her not to do that, and she did it anyway.  She once cut me off to tell me that I was "focusing on the negative," because I was telling her about something that happened between me and my parents when I was a kid -- a powerless person who had no ability to set the tone of the situation.  When I brought it up to her later she said that she would never say that about a powerless child.  I told her that I fear being captured and tortured, based on the way that men have treated me, and she said, "Well, if you expect to be *captured* and *tortured*..." and I don't remember what she said next because I was shut down by her tone.  I brought it up again over a year later and she said that she would never dismiss me like that and "if you really think that you are going to be" omg yes I *really* think about that, have you been listening to me at all.  I spent two years tirelessly explaining myself to her because at least she wasn't verbally abusive like the previous guy and trying to get a different therapist was way too risky.  I can't believe I have nothing to show for two years and thousands of dollars.  I feel like I had to take care of her feelings, I had to help her understanding. 

I have nowhere to turn that won't result in added anxiety and negative interactions that force me to perform and put in emotional labor for the sake of the other person's feelings.  The best I can hope for is to sit completely silent and still until the day I die which unfortunately won't be for a few decades since I'm 28.  Any attempt to mitigate that opens me up to a disrespect and violation of my boundaries, being forced to perform, being yelled at, being used for entertainment, having my anxieties added to, and other interactions that are a net loss for me.  I can't lose any more energy, I barely have enough as it is. 

Death is a blessing.