It's getting worse againI can't do this anymore. I don't want to live this way any longer. For couple of weeks it was fine, everything was fine, we seemed happy. Not anymore. Nothing is the same. Everything has changed and I don't know how or when.  
He tells me I'm too controlling, I should just let go and be happy when we are together and not try to change anything. I'm trying to change him, and I don't even realise it. You are not meant to want to change someone who you're in love and planning on spending your time with. You are just meant to accept them as who they are and be happy.  
I tried talking to him today. It was hard. We have this rule; we are allowed to say whatever we don't like about one another (if he did something that upset me or I said something stupid and hurtful) and the other person is not going to take it personally and just try and work on it. Today he told me that I'm very controlling, stress him out, ask of too much, expect too much, yell, hurt, stop him from doing what he wants, try to change him, overly emotional, needy, doubting, etc. It doesn't really matter, what matters is that I realised that he's right. 
He tells me I'm a perfect girlfriend. But he's lying. I'm a piece of shit. See, the thing is, I AM controlling and needy and emotional and everything bad and negative under the sun. I'm not putting myself down, I'm just telling the truth. So, I realise that he's right and I need to help him. I need to save him. Who from you might ask? Myself. I can't help being me, I'm a needy piece of crap who will never change and will always be petrified of abandonment. So I need to end this cycle of sadness and unhappiness. I will be taking myself away, I know the way already. I have everything planned. Now all I have to do is say goodbye to him. 
I know he'll hate me for a little, but later he'll understand that what I did was all for him, to save him, to give him the life he deserves.  
I'm a lost cause and I don't want you trying to save me. It's too late for me, but there's time for him and as long as there's time, there's hope. I'm going to kill myself anyway, sooner or later, I can't live this way anymore and dying is the only way to stop me from being myself. I just want him to know that I love him more than I love myself or the world I live in and what I did was all for him, for his better future.  
Please forgive me, my firefly.