What am I supposed to do?I genuinely feel as if its too difficult to find true happiness.... I've always been jealous of guys because I hate myself so much for being born a girl. In no way do I want to be transgender because I know even if I get surgery and change my identity, I still won't be able to be a "normal" guy (biologically , genetically and socially speaking, I will always be "trans" and not a real "guy"). There will always be that fear of being revealed as a "trans" and having people judge you: I will always have scars from the transition to remind myself that "no, you will never be a normal guy". You will always have to worry about potential friends/lovers being uncomfortable around you. There is a long list of reasons why I am so desperate of wanting to be a guy (ever since I was a child) but I will not bore you with the details here.

Coming from an Asian family, being gay is basically the most shameful thing that could happen to anyone. With that being said, my parents are not accepting at all and commonly throw insulting comments at how I'm "dirty, disgusting, abnormal and useless".  They would much rather have a daughter who was dead instead of having a homosexual daughter. We have an extremely strained relationship, not to mention how controlling they are (I'm 21 and I still have a curfew of 9pm). Moving out isn't an option due to money issues but I'm saving up!

To make matters worse, my gf of 4.5 years just told me she didn't want to go on anymore because she wants a bf. I understand that there is no one at fault and of course, I wish her the best.

Seeing that it is impossible to achieve true happiness, what is the point of living? Please don't tell me to live for my family or friends as I truly feel that my family would be much happier without me. Adopting a buddhist viewpoint of reincarnation...I was hoping to end it now and just move on with the cycle hoping I would be able to be born a guy/ or anything else in my next life.

I've felt like I've pretty much seen the world...coming from a somewhat well off family, I've travelled to many beautiful countries, I drive a nice car, I've loved, cried, been happy, been angry, been disappointed, I've experienced all the feelings I could, seen most of the world, posses many material possessions many people yearn for, yet I am still desperate to find a reason to go on like this... 

*Sorry for the grammatical mistakes