Help. My dad is going crazy over a suspected affair and I don't think I can take this any longer. [Crosspost from /r/AskReddit]We went to get dinner at a local restaurant. We argued about my behaviour in school (Which is quite good actually D:) and I said "You've done shit in your life too". I was joking but obviously my dad didn't know. He immediately thought my mum was having an affair with another man. FYI, my dad has been playing tennis with said man for over 10 years.
A few days ago he came to my room and started asking me out. I can swear to god that my mum is faithful, and that's what I told him. He didn't believe me.
The day before yesterday he showed up in my room again. He showed me some sort of SIM card reader and some cheap looking software he bought for over $200 off the internet. I was like WAT. He told me he was gonna spy on my mum and read her texts. I told him not to do that. He didn't listen to me, as usual.
Yesterday, shit started to get real. I was sitting infront of my computer, minding my own business (Kekeke), and suddenly I hear both my dad and my mum screaming and fighting. I go down to check. My dad actually used his SIM card reader, read her texts and found one saying "I miss you" to said man. He instantly assumed she was having an affair. My mum does not and did not have one.
So I go down and see my dad throwing around my mum and pushing her into walls. I ran to the phone to call 911 but I hesitated. What if police showed up and they stopped fighting? I'd look like a complete idiot. So I put the phone down, told my dad to fucking stop and took a messy dump. (Matter of no importance actually)
I just finished and heard them shouting again. I went down to find my dad holding a fucking knife and asking the same question all over again: "What's going on with [this man's name]".
I took the knife out of his hand. Yet another time I thought about calling the police and to be honest, I should have called.
They kept arguing for 3 more hours. My mum told him the truth, over and over, but my dad didn't believe her. Finally (We're hitting 4 AM) I convinced my mum to go to bed. I got me a blanket and took a nap on my mum's bedroom floor, just in case, you know.
So I was trying to sleep and suddenly heard him bashing and destroying stuff. (We later find out that he destroyed my mum's tennis bat, her cellphone and her running shoes). Then I heard his car engine. About 30 minutes later, he comes back with 12 bottles of beer. Another 45 minutes later ALL bottles are empty.
So I was snoozing on the floor and suddenly my dad kicks the fucking door in and runs towards my mum, hitting her. I get up and push him back, telling him to fuck off.
A few minutes later he came through the door again, crying and saying "I love you, [my name], I'm so sorry". Then he collapsed on the ground. I dragged him to the sofa and told him to stay there.
5 minutes later he shows up again. And again. And again. And again. And this time, he wouldn't leave. I told him to leave. He puked on the floor. I cleaned it up, dragged him out of the bedroom and locked the bedroom door.
He tried to kick the door in for about another hour until he finally stopped and fell asleep on the floor.
[2 hours of sleep]
I wake up and unlock the door to check on him. He isn't there. I go to the kitchen to find him drinking whiskey again. I took the whiskey away and guided him to the sofa.
Since then (It's 12:30 now), he's been on that sofa, silently crying. My mum and my sister have to leave soon and I'll be alone with him. I don't want to be alone with him.
Reddit, what should I do? I still can't believe this. Actually I just want to pack some of my stuff, walk out of the door and never return to this fucking place.
TL;DR: My dad suspected my mother of having an affair. He checks her cellphone texts with a SIM card reader. He finds a text that she sent to a good friend of hers and thinks his theory is confirmed. He hits my mum and threatens her with a knife. He gets incredibly drunk and starts throwing up all over the place, constantly waking us up, threatening us and trashing my mum's cellphone and sports equipment. I have to be alone with him in a few hours. I don't know what to do.