Sudden 180°, sudden depression, suddenly able to calmly think of suicide (but no urge)I very rarely thought of suicide. Even before when i thought of the idea, it was without any drive. Even that time I just thought if i let go myself from this height, Will I die?


I have only noticed it an year or less than that ago that my emotions are vegetable when imagining /consciously accessing them (idk if they were Such before). If i imagine my parents dying, i dont feel sadness. I am somewhat sure if they passed away I will be devastated. 

If i ask myself how i feel about anything, it just replies with a blank. I am saying all these because could this be just me being non-reactive to negative iimagination?

I am imagining how would it be if I just kill myself...and all my empathy for others (my family is very close-knit with me and dependent/looking forward to me taking responsibility of them). My fear is also dampened. I am a muslim. I believed strongly.  But even that fear of afterlife is dampened. Why iis everything dampened?

I have also been somewhat nihilistic very recently (2-5 days). For me, this is a 180°. I used to be optimistic, purposeful. I haven’t thrown my worldview out fully, but everything is dampened. 

My personal analysis  is that - this is a combination of depression, nihilistic thoughts/weakening of purposefulness, just pure ideation turned up a notch (due to news from around/online)..

I just dont think that even for a person without bigger purpose, it is normal to be able to thiink of their suicide this easily and calmly.. I just hope it's just me being able to IMAGINE everything without emotions. 

I feel slightly concerned what is holding me back from going down this path that will devastate everyone around me intensely (like never ever the same). The girl i am seeing has history of self harm, being socially anxious stilll reaches out to strangers if suicide is sensed. She is paranoid and will take it on herself, my parents will be devastated financially, physically, mentally. My friend lost his object of love to suicide, he will blame himself for two losses. 


I dont know why i am even saying these. I feel like the more i am talking/thinking about this, the more i put myself at risk. Am I perhaps making this a self fulfilling prophecy? 

Should i get help professionally?
Or maybe thinking/talking is just making it more prominent and a thing in my mind?
Or should i try both?



Thanks for reading all that.  Please dont call hotline or any attempt. I am not in any immediate danger. I am sure of that. Just being cautious before i potentially spiral into negativity. I will make sure to ask for help if i get any urge. Thats a promise. 

Take a lot of love. &lt;3