I have to vent this somewhere, or im going to slit my wrists tonightI have had shit my entire life - things that would sicken you if you could fully understand. Things that would make you cry. But recently (last year) the last straw happened. My entire world crumbled in flames, and im sorry if that sounds dramatic, fuck im not sorry i dont care no more. Ive. Lost. Everything. 
Been struggling w being a boy trapped in a girls body since i was 8. Im 17 now. Im not gonna go into the years of brutal bullying from students and teachers alike, and abuse because there is so much i cant remember it all and then it wouldnt be fully understood. Not like it can be, but still. 
Last year I was kicked out of my private school for self harming bc i was transgender.
Its long and complex.
Also, i have a diagnosis of aspergers, and this is important for you to know, to understand my story.
So. After 2 years of hiding my daily self harm habits in the bathrooms, i got caught bc i skipped a class and was in the bathrooms. A classmate found me and they used to self harm, so they were very kind and tried to calm me down. The principal came and forced me to show her. Then she took me to her office and i was in tears i told her i was trans and she said some very ignorant things but was trying to be understanding. She promised me that i could attend school as a boy from now on and we would sort it all out. I even told her i was suicidal.
The next 3 weeks, she acted like it never happened and did nothing to help me. Then after a month, i got caught self harming again in the bathrooms, and she sent me home to "get some rest." 
This is extremely hard to write about.
Especially because i know some people (either just ignorant or misunderstanding because the situation was so complex) that they will blame me.
I wasnt allowed back at school for months and months. My parents would ring and when she would eventually answer, she would say she didnt know when she would allow me back. By the way, there were 4 people i knew of that self harmed in the school, and i was aware that she was also aware of this. She would not give an end date to the "suspension" and then about 2 months in, after my parents begging her to let me back in and holding several meetings with her, she said she would be appointing me an SNA which she was allowed by law to force on me, because of my aspergers diagnosis. This sna that would be appointed, she said would follow me and sit beside me in all my classes, and even follow me to the bathroom. All the while still referring to me as female and ignoring that i was transgender and that was why i was suicidal. 
She also said i would only maybe be allowed back on half days, and only for 3 days a week. If at all. I am serious, she got away with this.
My parents then took legal action and they had to have a meeting with the board of management and she painted me as this insane completley unstable autistic robot who couldnt think for themselves and refused to even acknowledge about how i was trans. 
The board of management ruled in my favour but they couldnt do anything about it because she had done nothing illegal.
This was also a huge exam year that i missed and this went on for over 3 months.
I also found out by texting my friend, that she had been telling the teachers and my class that i was "sick and would be back soon."
I was forced to be move schools because i could not go back to her alienating and abusing me mentally and watching my every move, being forced to have an sna that i didnt need and follow me into the toilets, AND have my gender completely dismissed and not acknowledged.
I have now dropped out of the new school because i cant deal with the transphobia and also my body dysphoria and everything thats happened on top of everything horrendous in my past and i have acute ptsd etc now.
Suicide would be bliss.
Im wasting away in my room crying my eyes out every waking moment until i cant anymore. I have crippling insomnia.
I also suffer from adhd and ocd.
Death would be a sweet sigh of relief. 
If you blame me for what was done to me, you are a psychopath.