My dog is the only reason I’m alive.I’ve only recently taken to hotlines and chat rooms and I don’t know why. I have a fiancé, a family, and people around me. I’m open about my depression because I’ve always been able to function. But now I can’t. 

I lie to my doctor. I don’t even try with therapy anymore. And I couldn’t even fathom being honest with the people closest to me. How do you tell them? How do you break their hearts like that? I’m the “happy” friend who always has a bad joke ready to go. Watching them realize that I’m in so much pain just makes me feel worse. I kept it in for a while but there’s that gnawing feeling like “I need someone to hear this.”

So I’m here because I need someone to hear this. 

Sometime last week I was going to do it. I had a plan and my head was pounding loud enough to drain out any sense of reason. And I don’t know what convinced me to call the national hotline, but I did. 

I don’t remember the conversation but I remember it being pretty “maybe it will get better”-esque. I don’t know - Maybe it did help. It definitely stalled me. 

Then my dog walked in, hopped up on the bed, and kissed the tears off my face. I hung up the phone and just drowned myself in him. I thought about how happy he is to see me if I’ve been gone for a week... a day... an hour. He jumps and he’s so happy. My father-in-law says he sleeps on my bed when I’m away for a weekend. He really loves me and he can’t lie about it.

Fast forward to today. I was driving home from the doctor and I was ready again. Everything was slowed and I was sure of it. I was on i-82 and I was going to crash the car. An accident has always been the plan. My loved ones can convince themselves that it wasn’t a deliberate decision and I didn’t mean for it to happen.

But then I thought of the damage to the car and how much that would cost my fiancé and then of the dog toy in the back seat and thought of it being lost among all the excitement. Would they give it to him? Probably not. 

Of course the thought process continues and I’m thinking about how guilty I’ll feel not coming home to him. He won’t understand. He’ll keep waiting and no one can tell him what’s happening. 

I pulled over carefully and cry then headed home. 

And that’s what does it. Almost every time. It’s not thinking about my mom sobbing or my brothers trying to keep her upright. It’s not my fiancé having to end his deployment early to mourn. It’s not leaving my father-in-law alone. It’s not about not being able to live my dreams or see a brighter day. It’s always my dog.

And maybe it’s an excuse that keeps me from pulling the trigger on all of this, but my list of mental goodbyes always stops before I say goodbye to him. I can’t do it.