Please read my story, I'm ending my life tonight and I just wanted somebody to know why. I don't want to reveal this to my family.I'm a 16 year old female living in New Zealand. I have Aspergers Syndrome (high functioning autism) and maybe something else, but I'm too young to really tell. I think I may have Borderline Personality Disorder or something relative. I can't pinpoint a time when things in that aspect got bad, but growing up I was starting to show signs. I self harmed at 7 years old by scraping my arms against my mailbox everyday after I got home from school. I'd sometimes bleed, but most times I would just get white marks on my arms as it wasn't really that sharp. When I was 11 I tried self harming with blades and for 3 years I cut my arms on and off, just when I was sad or angry as a coping mechanism. I was 13 during my first official suicide attempt but my thoughts stem far back since I started school. Before that I didn't understand the concept of dying but I remember as early as 3 wishing that I would fall asleep and to never wake up again. I would have a journal I would write in between the ages of 6-9 and all of the drawings in there are of me beginning my mother not to leave me, drawings of me with teary faces and my own grave. I remember when mum would get angry she would threaten to "leave me at school and never pick me up" which to me was a serious threat and I didn't know if she really would or not. I remember waiting every single day after school anxious, thinking she wouldn't. If my mother was 10 minutes late I would cry because I really thought I would be all alone. I was so attached and confused. I don't know why, but mum would explode at me and threaten to kill herself if I didn't do something. I remember this one time when I was 9, I was in the car and she screamed saying that I make her want to kill and cut herself. I can never tell the emotional states of other people until they become extreme, and I never can myself either. 

I guess this made me grow up being scared of being alone. I frequently cut off friends and people because I have a feeling they'll leave me. Making friends is hard for me, I did make one friend, but during lunch she saw me and sat with somebody else. I immediately blocked her on snapchat and instagram and have been avoiding her since. 

I had a boyfriend, but our relationship was ruined. I became so paranoid he would leave me, so I broke up and got back together with him a total of 19 times. It would be the most simple thing, like being online and not responding within 10 minutes, I would have the most extreme rage. I would spam him and call him until he would pick up, I would freak out so badly because I thought he was leaving. I would accuse him of cheating and ignoring me. I just couldn't control myself in that situation and I'm ashamed for all that I did. I would love him one moment and then hate him the next. It's never been any inbetween. I'm usually a loving person, but even just turning his Skype to neutral would cause me to call him 200 times and spam message him begging not to leave me. I would monitor his Instagram likes, and in the same hour I would say every reason we should be together.. then in a one minute period write a paragraph saying we're breaking up. Our relationship lasted a year and a half and we were long distance. We met here on Reddit. I would experience the worst anger and sometimes even threaten to murder him and his family. I made an elaborate plan to kidnap him so we could be together and he wouldn't be able to leave me, but I realise I can't do that.

I have bad binge eating problems. I binge eat 3-4x a week, but it used to be twice a day for about two months recently. I feel so fat at the moment, my BMI is about 29. I used to have restricting habits, I lost 15kg through starving but then my binge eating developed. I feel so trapped and I don't want to become obese. I need to end my life before this happens. 

I have the worst episodes of extreme rage, sadness, guiltiness etc. Last night I cried so hard for two hours, not being able to breathe and I felt so alone. I don't feel like I have any identity at all, which is probably to do with my ASD. I miss my ex boyfriend so much, but because of all of the things I did he will never come back again. I was good towards him, I really was, it was just the episodes I would have.

I sometimes feel like a creepy 50 year old man. It's a really odd comment to make, I know, but I'm not welcome in in my family. I don't know who I am or what I stand for. I don't know anything in life anymore. I feel disgusting and worthless. I just feel so alienated and far from what I really probably am.

I think the worst thing is when I would threaten suicide to my ex boyfriend. I faked being in hospital. I just needed it. I needed him to stay because I know our relationship was going to end and I didn't want him to leave me. 

I almost went blind and it caused suicidal thoughts to get worse around the age of 7, when they fully developed into plans. I would google methods since my parents would allow me to have internet and a computer because they wanted me to develop better typing and English skills. I played video games for a few years and used that to cope.

I've suffered so many years of bullying. I was sexually abused growing up but I can't find it in myself to get help. I feel like everything would be better if I just died. I've tried to see mental health professionals but the last one I saw said my suicidal thoughts are just coping mechanisms. I can't see myself for the person I am anymore. I just see somebody so disgusting and worthy of death. I don't know. I'm going to do it tonight. I'm going to try and enjoy the rest of my day and then go out. It would be nice to spend some time with my family. 