I'm sick of this 😭I know that not every person is living a fairy tale but when things like this happens you just want to throw everything away leave yourself go.    
I'm not someone who likes to express what I feel, but I can't stand what's happening right now with my life. 😢    
First, One month ago I discovered that my father is cheating on my mom with another woman, when he was with us (my brother, my mom and I) he didn't seem to be happy and he was spending too much time on his cellphone, while he was sleeping I grabbed the cellphone and I discovered the truth:  he was tired of us and he wanted to leave everything for that woman, two weeks later he left our house.    
I tried to get over it but then, the girl that used I like broke my heart 💔. Since I'm an introvert person, I don't know a lot of people, so, when I saw her for the first time on the first day on college (she was on my same group) my whole world changed,  I felt like finally I found someone to love. She was the first girl I've ever been interested to, she was beautiful in every way, her face, her smile, her hair, her voice, her personality, even her name, Everything about her was perfect!, finally I've met a girl that wasn't out of my league....     
Sadly, she thought that I wasn't enough for her and told me that she didn't want me to be anything more than her friend.    
And lastly but not less important my family organized a party for my cousin and my mom wanted me to go, I didn't wanted to but I went and I just discussed heavily with some relatives that I don't get along with and they dumped me from the party. Now I have to find my way back home all by myself.    
It seems like everything that could went wrong with my life went wrong and I don't know what to do. I've been tempted to commit suicide in other occasions but now I don't think I have the will to move forward. Nobody's with me, I feel alone and it seems that nothing will change. All of my so-called friends doesn't take anything seriously and thought that I was joking about my suicidal feels.    
I just want the pain to go away but it doesn't seems to happen anytime soon. :(, I want to be happy, but I can't, I want to smile, to have someone to hug and care about, I want to live another life but mine. It seems like I'll have to end this one way or another :'(.