Im a physically disabled guy who thinks about suicide everyday for the past year...hey guys , its kinda sad isnt it to be forced to pour your heart out in a reddit post cause you have no friends or family to talk to ... where do i even start as cliché as it sounds haha

 i was born into a world of domestic violence my dad is a drunk bastard who beat me up ever since i was five years old and he beat up my mom for even longer , my mom married him without her will she was forced to do it by my grandfather who passed away soon after .

 i was a lonely child with a lot of problems i couldnt socialize or make friends when kids played outside i shut myself in my room reading books when they where playing at school recess i was sitting in an empty class drawing ... years have passed and my parents got divorced they both didnt want to take care of me so i ended up living with my grandma in the african equivalent of a trailer home .

needless to say we recieved no money from my parents so we had to survive day to day with little retirement money my grandpa left , i was in highschool at the time , i was a very awkward teenager i didnt know how to talk to people let alone girls , so i kept to myself even tho i got the occasional bullying and my fair share of harrasement from my classmates simply cause i was always too silent and being the best in my class always streight (A)s .

i made it through highschool and i was applying for college , and one day as i was walking home after picking up the papers needed to enroll , i was crossing the railroad thinking about how pathetic my life was and how am i 18 years old and didnt have a single girlfriend , then out of nowhere i didnt even hear the horn , i was hit by a train , the air from the moving train pulled me into it and i fell down causing my left foot to slip under its wheels , it was painless i didnt even know what hit me i just looked down to see the pile of minced meat and bones that used to be my foot and i passed out. 

i woke up in a hospital room a few days later and a doctor came to me and told me that they had to amputate it and they couldnt repair the damage dealt to it but life goes on and he told me that his friend will take care of making a prosthetic limb for me and he will personally follow my wellbeing since  he saw i had no one but my grandma visiting me ... 

i was still pretty confused at the time so i pretended i was fine , i guess i havent accepted that truth yet , i was discharged 2 months later and after serious rehab they made me a prosthetic leg i hated the thing it injured me alot the friction from walking alone left some pretty bad friction burns that hurt me alot and i'd stay for a few days locked away in my room cause simply i cant put the damn limb on or cause im too depressed to even look at it .. 

it's been like this for a year now i havent left my room only to do necessary stuff like buying food with whatever money i have .. i have no one to talk to my grandma been diagnosed with dimentia and all she says is nonesense .. i never had a girlfriend , i never had a real family i never had someone that really cared for me , im ugly , handicaped and emotionally unstable . 

i think about ending it all everyday , from the moment i wake up i think of every morning as my last but i never do it , i guess im too much of a coward , i never succeded in anything , i cant even kill myself , im  a failure in every single way 
and i literally have no future im just gonna be a deadweight for the rest of my life .. 

sorry if i was too streight forward about this i thought i should tell anyone about me , cause if i one day get the courage to end my life no one will ever remember me ........