National Suicide Prevention Hotline might just get you battered and left to walk home alone in the dark and rain. DON'T EVER CALL 1 800 273 8255
I called the hotline because I felt like I might hurt myself a couple of days before Christmas. The line was disconnected because my cell phone went dead. I'm sorry so I put it on the charger and started it back up when I had a little bit of power I saw I had a message from them asking me to contact them or they would send someone to check on me so I contacted them right away and let them know I was okay and that I was no longer feeling like I might hurt myself. A couple of hours later a police officer showed up at my door I opened the door and asked him what he needed and he said that he understood I was feeling like I might hurt myself and I assured him I no longer felt that way and that I had called the hotline back and told them so and I close the door. As I close the door he stuck his foot in the door but I had already got the door closed. Apparently this made him very angry and he began to beat on the door so I opened the door back up immediately, at which point he grabbed my arm very brutally and said he did not believe that I was okay. He asked why I called in the first place and why I was upset and felt like I might hurt myself and so I explained to him it was related to some texts and voicemails I had received from my mother. I told him I would show them to him if he'd like and he said yes. So I went to get my cell phone and as I did he suddenly decided he didn't want me to get my phone?  He grabbed me again and put me in handcuffs, and called for backup? I told him I did not intend to fight him and I did not intend to hurt myself I could not understand why he was doing this to me but he just continued to brutalize me! By the time he was done I had a boot Mark in my shoulder oh, I had bruises on both arms bruises on both wrists and hands bruises on both legs and a cut on my right leg! I was forced to go to the hospital where they did not even treat me because they said there was nothing wrong with me? They just left me lying in a room until I finally got up and left😢 they had a telepsychiatrist evaluate me and she said she could completely understand why I was so upset in light of everything I was going through at the current time and they were going to get me some medication to help me with the anxiety but they did not! I was not offered a ride home I could not reach Uber because my phone would not work. I left there on foot in the dark and rain, and nobody cared! Not one person said one word of encouragement or concern?  They even stole my medicine I had a CBD cartridge in my pocket and was not given the opportunity to take it out since I was drugged out of my apartment against my will. It was a $70 cartridge and my medicine to last for the next 3 weeks. I was told it would be put into the security room for safekeeping until I left? But when I left and asked for it back I was told it was disposed of😢 And on top of all that $430 went missing out of my wallet while officer friendly was beating me up look at me up??????? No wonder he had such a giant smile on his face and kept laughing the whole time 😭😭😭😭 DON'T EVER CALL THE NATIONAL SUICIDE PREVENTION HOTLINE!!! They are not your friends and they DO NOT want to help you!!!  It's just a way for them to tell their friends and family they do something meaningful by volunteering for something that should be good but isn't!!!  I called one other time when I was feeling down and the lady told me not to call them unless I actually felt like I was going to kill myself and was ready to pull the trigger.  She gave me the number of someone else to call until then!  I called it and got a recording saying call back another time. How f****** sad is that!!!
