A friend of me was raped and hes girlfriend abandoned him and now is threatening himSo she doesnt even care about hes situation and she keeps doing things to make him feel bad about everything. Yesterday he tried suicide and after that she did something to him AGAIN so I dont know what to do because she did an police report because here at our country women have laws to "protect" her against him, even if shes wrong.
She is threatening him because she blame him for an abortion that she DID ILLEGALLY AND WITHOUT TELLING HIM.
So shes threatening him with the police report to make him feel even worst. Im pretty sure hes not eating anymore since 4 days ago and how do I stop her? He cant do shit, he cant even talk to her to ask her to stop because the police report is a preventive action(this means that she was with fear of him, even if he didnt threatened her, here we have a law for women who break up and feel that her ex is dangerous, but hes not even talking to her he didnt even threatened her, he said "please be happy" when she broke up with him so shes using law as a way to hurt him), so if he talks to her its a crime. Shes trying to make he do something like scold her or try to talk to her so she can use it to arrest him claiming that he's stalking her.
I dont know what to do, but I have her CPF (its a kind of Social Security number) I have her full name and her parents full name, I have all social media that she uses and a lot of more things including her credit/debit card password. Can someone please help me to make she stop?
Please, hes life is in danger, hes familly is not giving forks to him when he try to eat because he could try killing himself with the fork. Please, I dont know what to do anymore.
Going to police doesnt help, here the laws will ever protect her, if he file a police report she can argue that she was under strong emotions and a law will protect her EVEN IF SHE KILLS HIM. Im serious I saw it happen at my street, a girl killed her boyfriend and at the same day walked out the police station without even an criminal process.
Please, Im desperate.