i cannot live in this world but i can't hurt myself badly enough. cw mentions of rapei'm depressed and in a crisis of morality. i'm pretty much unhappy all the time now, but it's really hitting me right now. not at risk of action for reasons i'll explain later, but i want to vent.

i made the mistake of checking the account of an ex-friend who snared me in a codependent friendship a few years ago when i was a teen and they were in their mid-20s, and they were later outed as a rapist, and seeing them move on stung so fucking hard. because he seems much better than he used to be, and he seems to regret his actions, but i still don't want people to talk to him because of the awful way he treated me.

but then i start wondering if that irredeemability applies to me too? like i've never raped anybody, i would never *want* to, but i have so little faith in my character that i'm scared i could, hypothetically, turn out just as abusive as them. i've acted manipulatively and cruelly in the past and i'm scared i can never come back from that, that it's not fair to the people i've hurt, that *they* don't think i'm worth redeeming. which means i don't see the purpose of living.

i cannot find true joy from the things i used to enjoy. i cannot create art either. i have no IRL friends, at least none that i trust enough to reach out to without feeling annoying, and i also really believe my internet friends don't care about me, they almost never respond when i vent, only if i make jokes or something. so i feel like i serve no purpose. i'm unemployed and i don't have a romantic partner. i love my mom but i feel like a burden to her

i feel like i should be grateful for my health and safety and privilege but i'm not. i feel like i don't deserve it, and it's unfair that i have these benefits that people worse off than me don't have. and i want to end it because i'm just *tired* of this world that feels like it gets worse every day, being happy feels like a selfish fact and i feel like i can't redeem myself, but somehow people who do worse than me get redemption.

i can't go through with it though, at least not yet. even self-harming i can't do very effectively because i'm terrified of actually doing damage to my skin, it feels like i failed myself (hitting myself and scratching myself are okay though). but i know my mom and pets will go before me and as soon as they go, i go. i feel years behind everyone else on social development which is why i get caught up in my fucking stupid twitter friendship drama and try to traumatize myself over it. cuz really i feel so well off, i wish i didn't feel so bad.

i also feel like i am destroying my body from the *inside* with junk food which also terrifies me as illness is another thing that feels inevitable, just like me being lonely and shitty.

the good news is i have my first video therapy on monday (if it doesn't end up being a fucking ripoff like last time) but man, what the hell am i gonna do until then? there's nothing worth sticking around for and even if there were, i shouldn't be the one to stick around for it.