No one caresI have been seriously depressed for my entire life and no one even cared about me, emotional abuse from parents everyday, physical abuse at school everyday till highschool. Having no friends, so being forced to spend all my time on video games or on pc. There is no point at me living.There will be many senseless comments under this post which says retarded stuff to prevent me from killing myself, so far only 1 people from here actually continued to talk to me, others who all offered to talk never returned back. I have cutted myself many times, I know how to cut or how deep. There is no point at suffering everyday and waking up to same shit, unlike many people I am not priviliged. I live in a disgusting country full of religious people and I am 1 hour away from Syria border. Yeah I have few electronic devices and net (which literally everyone has these days except some people).I was born with depression and gender dysphoria, everyday is a sufferieng. I cry everyday at bed, in restrooms or in school. No one helps, whenever I try to reach out they call me attention whore or abuse me. I can't take this everyday, I can't go through all of this everyday. I am sick of drowning in the air around me, I am sick of living as a way I was not meant to be, I am sick of doing it all over again. My parents did not even care when I started cutting myself. I don't want to live a life which has a very bad life standarts, I don't want to live a life where I suffer everyday. I can't debate it anymore, my throat hurts from screaming so much, I can't cry anymore, I can't even properly breath due to panic attacks. My step mom told me I should kill myself, my step dad told me he will never leave me then committed suicide, my first boyfriend cheated on me for no reason. I don't have any good things in life, except for few things, such as my video game console, pc, phone, some books. I can barely get up from the bed, I don't have any motivation left to live, I should not have been born, even my parents told me if they knew I would be like this they would abort me. I don't know if I will be able to kill myself tonight, I hope I will manage. People will try to talk to me or send me suicide hotline links. No, suicide lines don't work, they only comfort people and distract them from committing suicide. Although I will read every single comment maybe jus in one fuckin case something might really help.