Intrusive thoughtsI'm putting this here because people in r/depression and r/anxiety might freak out and they have every right to. 


So. My thoughts. They make me want to kill myself every fucking day. And I'm not talking about "I hate my life, I wish I was dead, I'm worthless, I'm stupid, I deserve to die, etc". Those are horrible thoughts and I have those too, but I can more or less handle those because I've been living with them for so long it's pretty much normal for me. Don't get me wrong, it's a daily battle to live with those thoughts and I'm not trying to downplay them at all. It's just not what I came here to talk about. 


What I came here to say is that I cannot stop thinking about my family members and friends dying. Or people in general dying. I have such bad anxiety over it for obvious reasons but I can't make it stop. it would just absolutely ruin me, I know it sounds selfish and I'm an asshole for making it about me but I would honestly go fucking insane and probably go off the deep end and just fucking kill myself already. Or I'd just end up in a psych ward for the rest of my life. It's just something I'm not strong enough to live through.


Every time my parents leave the house I'm so scared they won't come back. My brother is going to be an electrician and lately I've been having horrible thoughts about him being electrocuted and dying. I think about my best friend all the time and worry about her constantly. For her and my parents and pretty much everyone I tend to worry about car accidents because I think that's the most common way to die. I'm especially afraid of my mom dying, she's one of my best friends. 


Besides that I worry about animals dying too, like my cat and my dog. I love my dog to death but he is a dumbass who runs after cars when he sees them (yet he won't go near water) and that's just a recipe for a dog dying. And my cat is usually outside and I always worry that she'll get in a fight with an animal and die. Or that some asshole will hit her with their car. That happened to my kitten when I was 10. I just saw a picture of a cute dog all happy with a bunch of people around and I just thought "what if someone shot him or threw things at him or something?" 


It just goes on and on and on. I have loads of family members I worry about on a daily basis. It's a fucking nightmare that I can't wake up from because I always see horrible images in my head of my loved ones dead bodies, and I see myself standing around their casket at their funeral and bawling my eyes out at the hospital and think of the ways I'd kill myself if it ever happened. 


I want to die so so so bad, I don't want to live with these thoughts anymore, I don't want to think these things, I just want to drink and take pills and smoke. not to die. Just enough to make the thoughts go away. I'm so scared every day. I can't fucking live this way but I have to because I'm not going to kill myself no matter how badly I want to. I don't want to put anyone through what I'm horrified of going through. Besides, I'm too scared anyway.


If anyone reads this, thanks for listening. 