I'm so fed up but I feel so guiltyMy life isn't... Bad.
I've been medically transitioning (MtF) for almost three years now. I've had a wonderful girlfriend for two and a half. I'm in college, I have a decent job so I don't have to worry about how I'm gonna pay my bills. I don't have so many of the problems others do.

But I've been emotionally and verbally abused by over a decade by my piece of shit stepdad and it's shattered my sense of self worth and self esteem and ever since I was a child he made me afraid to be a burden, to rely on people, to need things. He's made me afraid of loud sudden noises, of people shouting, of making mistakes. I've been depressed for over half my life and at least mildly suicidal for the vast majority of that time.

I've been chronically ill for a year and a half, I lost over a third of my body weight and it fucked up my heart. The problem is fixed as of a month or so ago but there's no way of knowing if I'll ever recover all that muscle, and even less so if my heart will ever recover.

The problem is... I still really want to just kill myself and be done with it. Tonight's the worst night in a long time now, since the last time I attempted about 4 years ago. I know that I have all of this good in my life but I still just want to run, or die, or SOMETHING. I'm at the point of running through all the different meds I have here in my head wondering if some combination will actually kill me and not just leave me with trashed organs. I feel horrible because I know that if I do it will hurt my girlfriend, and I'll be buried with the wrong name on my tombstone as well... But on the other hand it means that I'll be done with it all and I won't have to worry about if my friends actually hate me or cry over fears that I'll never be enough for the people I care about or hate myself or remember what it was like when my heart worked normally and miss the things I used to do.

Besides, if I do it, at least she can be with someone better for her than I am. Someone that can be with her as much as she deserves and not have to cancel plans because I don't have the energy or will to do it. And I won't have to worry about disappointing her, or my mother, or my asshole stepdad ever again afterward. Just the one time, as opposed to a lifetime of being a disappointment.