i feel so emptypeople care little for me, they care, but no one really cares that much. I am no ones favourite, nor am i someones least favourite. I am simply the one whom people can talk to if they wish, never really want to or not want to. I simply float past, unnoticed, quietly, speaking the things that people want to hear, as they do the same to me. No one is honest nor dishonest. I make no one look bad nor look good, i cross peoples minds, never the main subject, never not at all. I blend in, I am nothing special, I do not catch peoples eye, I am not the center of attention. I can be noticed if I try, yet if I don’t no one seems to notice, therefore, out of sight out of mind, right? I am never anyones last choice, nor am I anyones first choice, I care a lot for those who care little for me. This is what I have found, my life has little meaning, I do not make anyone happy, I just seem to make them more unhappy if I want to be happy. Trying to make myself happy proves getting me no where, if I try, I make someone else unhappy, or just end up ruining it for myself, I do not think it is really worth it, I am yet to find something that is going to make me think otherwise. I may be young, yet what I have experienced has been difficult, I fail to see anything getting any better than this. I am alone, I feel like I have no one to talk to about this, for as I said before, people care little for me. I could tell them, yet I chose not to, because I feel that if I were to express myself, no one would tell me the truth, people only tell you what you want to hear. It would not be worth it, I would just make myself feel like a fool, they could not do anything, no one would really tell me the best thing to do. I can trust no one, as no one would trust me. If no one speaks to me I have no need to speak to them. It will get to an extent in which I can not take it anymore, and when that day comes I know that I would have saved myself a lot of effort trying to seek comfort from someone who doesn’t care, surely by now if someone did care then they would notice, they would take the time to make sure I am fine. Yet by simply telling a white lie, it goes unnoticed. It would seem that the only people who did really care about me, I have lost, I pushed away, they left me. Which makes me think, did they really care though? No one is truly happy for me, it is so easy for people to say things and not mean it, and the fact that people do so to me so easily, must show how little I really mean. I fear I can not take this much longer, I do not know what to do, what way to go, who to seek. I am simply alone in my shell, slowly rotting, not doing anything, feeling sorry for myself, and yet making it worse by not lowering my defence. I know that someone sees this, and yet they would not care. Who would be such a cruel creature as to watch me suffer like this? Yet it would seem everyone is cold, heartless. It is hard to find someone who will truly care for another. God knows I have tried, he also knows I have failed, I have failed him, I have failed everyone. Yet I shall still wait for the day that he will show me what my life means, what I was truly made for. I shall continue to question my existence and my true feelings shall remain unnoticed. I must not show I am weak, I must not show that anything bothers me, for if i were to lower my walls, it is easy for people to get in, and make it worse, they will see I am weak and continue to walk on me. Even still, I do not know what I would say to this person, I have nothing to say, I think of all the things that are wrong, and yet I simply would not be able to find the right words of saying them to someone, I can not make sense of this, I shall never make sense of it. This life is pitiful, it means nothing. So I shall just continue to sit and wait, do nothing but wait, and pretend.