I have no idea what's going onI'm seventeen, living with my parents and two cats. Unemployed, but I write shitty taboo smut in order to make some pocket money. Of course, I'm too embarrassed to admit this to my parents, so all they know is that I write "stories". I fucking wish I made any money off of the stuff I actually like writing.

I am so utterly, utterly useless. I struggle every day to undo whatever mild damage I've done, be it mess up the kitchen or forget to shower for so long that I perpetually smell bad. I never do anything important, difficult, or impressive and yet somehow I never have the energy for anything more intense than staring at three screens simultaneously. I can't focus on anything. 

I hate myself, but sometimes I have these self-fellating thoughts about how I'm actually smart and a great writer and worthy of love and all that shit and it just makes things worse. The good thoughts are used by the bad thoughts as proof that I'm a vain sack of shit as well as completely worthless.

I barely feel like a real person. My hobbies are inconsistent and often vary according to whatever media I've been consuming. I managed to write two novels, one after the other maybe nine months ago or so, and I have no idea how--the biggest project I've managed since then is typing in the url for youtube. I want to die so badly. I hate being like this. I hate myself. I hate everyone I'm surrounded by for reasons I can't tell are worthy or stupid. I feel like everything I have to say has already been said by someone else, I don't know the point other than I desperately crave attention but can't be fucked to put in the effort to socialize. My parents do pay attention to me, they're not negligent or abusive, but it feels fake because they always talk about how they'll always love me because I'm their child. How fucking shitty is it that I can't appreciate that? It doesn't feel like enough to justify existing or trying. I'll still be their kid even if I'm a corpse. I want someone to like my personality and my actions and all the shit I do while I'm alive. But I don't do anything to like, and in order to motivate me to do anything, I need validation from others, and I can't get validation from others if I don't do anything. Fucking ouroboros is the story of my life and I hate it so much.

And yet somehow I don't hate any of this enough to actually make any kind of lasting effort. I've been prescribed antidepressants, but they don't seem to be working as well as I'd like. I sleep anywhere from ten to eighteen hours in a day. On the one hand, I like sleeping more so I don't have to acknowledge things, but then what little time is left in the day is mostly spent thinking about how I barely exist and hating myself.

I don't know anything. I don't understand. The only thing I can think of is just dying so I don't have to deal with any of this stupid tedious shit, and I don't want to do that because a previous suicide attempt proved that my parents do find the idea of my death upsetting. So while my small orb of influence is entirely negative, it would only be worse if I were dead. I wish I didn't have to jusitfy my staying alive with that, but again, I'm not doing anything about it. I want a solution. I at least want to know what the fuck is going on and how I kill the snake.