HelloI'm 14.

The story starts like last year, when I started feeling depressed, getting to the brink of crying every night. It stopped for a while. I felt normal for a few months. Healthy, you could say. A poor turn of events came.

Last week before my Easter break a friend told me that he attempted suicide the night before. An incident a week-ish prior had left him with a massive scar on his arm and missing a day of school due to hospital. At the time he said it was a rugby accident but he told me at that point he had cut too deep. I got rather worried but I never got help for him.

I guess I _sym_pathized with him because I knew what it felt to want to _die_. You actually are better off dead than with that feeling, I felt (feel, maybe). I almost _en_vied him for having the bravery to try to take his life.

Let me interject with a sort of important piece of background. I live in Ireland in a rather rural area, quite conservative. I am also gay. We are having a referendum soon on same-sex marriage and the No side is getting a lot of support here. My friends use gay as a pejorative, etc. so I never feel like I could ever be open about it.

I also hate living in the country. I've holidayed in cities and lived there for weeks at a time but maybe it's still grass-is-greener. I don't know. I've always kind of hated this country. I don't like Irish people, we have a toxic culture, I reckon, and our whole system is broken. That's besides the point.

I just can't see myself living here (or at all really...) past 18. I want to go to university in Holland because it's an amazing country and I like it. I went there for a week last year and it was the only place I've ever been to that I felt I belonged in.

Some important background is also that my dad never properly raised me, is unemployed for the last three years (and has applied for &lt;5 jobs), is approaching alcoholism (as we say here, _fond of the drink_) and is one of the laziest people I know. I actually hate him more than _any_one in my life.

My mum doesn't understand me and we're getting farther and farther apart all the time. This is mostly due to a month ago her finding out abruptly that I have weed and have taken weed a grand total of _two_ times. Might I add that the amount she found was a whopping one gram.

For reasons I do not understand, she went full retard on me, saying I was a criminal, and both my parents concluded that I was an idiot, that I will not survive until 18 and that I am lucky they responded so well with it. It has ruined my family life, and it's not my fault. If they wanted to keep me they could have taken it better.

I don't really care what she thinks of me any more. I just want to either wait the 1200 days before I get to go to university in some kind of cryogenics machine or fuck off and kill myself. I'm a mess.

And yeah, whatever, teenage angst, blah blah. I don't really give a fuck. I shouldn't have to live through this. I've also read through this and realized it sounds massively petty. And yes, it is. But I'm starting to get really anxious, starting to deeply resent things, myself, the people around me, and human interaction in general. I've grown a dis_taste_ for my own reality, the human condition.

 It's not worth it to me. I couldn't even sit still today. I can't concentrate. I have a history test tomorrow and I'm going to wing it. I feel horrible 24/7 and I don't want to live through it any more.

If I decide to end my life, I'll leave a note for everyone telling them what's gone on. I think it's only fair to let people fuck off and live their lives knowing my circumstances. Maybe they'll learn something.