287 daysI was told to post here from another sub, and am finally getting around to it

[I've been trying to find employment since 2013. Every day I apply to every place I can find that has a job opening, this covers three websites, and a fifty mile range around where I'm currently staying. In those three years, I've only had one interview and that was at a job placement company that has yet to call me back.

I'm currently sleeping on the couch of a friend, eating their food, and have to rely on them for help keeping my phone working in-case i get called for an interview.

I cant continue to sponge off my friends like this. I cant continue to fill out application after application with no hope of getting employed. Every day is a continuous reminder of how I'm dragging my friends down with me while doing a seemingly pointless activity and being entirely stuck.

I've decided I'll give myself until new years to find a job, make enough to repay my friends, and pay for rent. If I cant, I'm planning on taking my life in such a way that doctors can harvest everything from me they possibly can which could save the lives of others...that way if I cant live my life in a productive and happy way, I can at least ensure that others in need can have the chance to

thank you for listening]

update: I had two interviews since then...the first was for harbor freight which told me "we have four interviews to do after you, we will contact you afterwords ect ect" I received an email ten minutes after the interview saying I was rejected...hopes crushed....it wouldn't have been so bad, but ten minutes? it would have been better if they had just told me instead of lying to my face and giving me false hope

the other interview led to a drug test...that somehow was lost by the clinic that tested me...I just tested again, but i have little hope of being hired because now i have to wait another week (in which time the store is still interviewing) and if it happened once, they can lose my test again...and again...

I've gotten to the point that I get nausea just thinking of filling out apps, its the same sort of nausea you get from looking at a flashing light for to long. my friends keep telling me things like "its how your dressed" or "they can tell your depressed and don't want to hire someone like that" but get pissed off at me for asking them how exactly they would like me to change....

I'm at the point where I've entirely burnt myself out, I've begun waking up being disappointed that I woke up. I don't know what I'm doing wrong, I just know my self worth is at an all time low. I just wish people would stop telling me how easy it is to get a job, I've been busting my ass and getting nowhere.

again, thank you for listening