Anytime it gets better, even just a bit, everything just gets worse somehowThis is kinda just me rambling on and bitching at everything or whatever so sorry in advance.

For 2 weeks I had nonstop suicidal thoughts, they were really intrusive and just didn't stop. I ended up missing school because I had a "stomach ache" a few days and then it seemed fine as a day to "have to myself and improve" when I really knew I stayed home to off myself and didn't either of the two days. Even better upon coming back I realized just how hard I fucked myself over in school, just absolutely fucked. So yesterday I was feeling just numb as usual and I got real damn tired from having to do a mile in gym class and after that although I was tired, irritable, and a bit pissed, I actually felt kinda normal not happy or anything just not numb. A bit later in my sixth class I start to feel a bit happy, I'd have to say it'd be from just seeing this girl I care about in class just being there was what did it but yeah. Carry on towards the bus ride home and I ended chatting with my friend who I haven't talked to in a while and pretty quickly we start talking about dumb stuff and what not just like old times and I'm just glad to talk to someone. Eventually the girl from my class from earlier laughs at something we were saying and kinda just seems to look a lot more comfortable than usual. Honestly I don't think in the past 10 months I have ever felt that good, that someone, better yet the girl I care about a lot for whatever reason, felt comfortable around me and got a laugh out of something. For context I don't talk much for sake of not wanting to bother people, am considerable ugly and what not, and am genuinely bothered by how I make everyone uncomfortable by just existing. So that meant a lot to me as stupid as it is.

So everything is actually great, I'm thinking about how I could organize some things, catch up on school work, start eating right instead of practically starving, and just make things better than they've ever been.

Then later at night I start feeling numb again and I started cutting myself. Woke up today dazed as all hell, can't remember a fucking thing from first to third period, felt off in fifth, and in sixth reminded myself about how I'm just trash and how everyone is bothered by me existing and how I'll never pull myself out of everything on my own and how no one will help.

I feel like I'm just a overdramatic bitch honestly, maybe I don't even have depression or anything.

I'm gonna stop myself before I go on for even longer about everything else. So yeah this is the end of my dumbass rant thing I guess, thanks for bearing to read any of it.