I think it would be better for everyoneThe past 3 years have really been bad for me. I began cutting myself in 6th grade because no one cared and I went days eating nothing. I would over-exercise and throw up any time I ate or drank something. In June 2010 I weighed 67 pounds at 5'4. I couldn't take any showers because I couldn't stand seeing my ribs but I couldn't eat, I just couldn't. 

A friend (a boy who I had a crush on for 4 years at the time, let's call him R) sat by me in my math class and would always make me laugh and smile. He seemed like he truly cared about me, so after 10 months of cutting I stopped. He was my best friend all of 7th grade and 4 months of 8th grade, until he dropped out of our shared math class and stopped talking to me. R would ignore me but he always looked at me like I was about to kill myself. I didn't cut when he stopped, but I did stop eating and continuing my retired anorexia. 

Fast forward 2 months and I am still drowning in a black pool of self-hate, I cried myself to sleep nearly every night and hoped I wouldn't wake up in the morning. No one cared. No one knew, except my math teacher who I had known for 2 years, he knew but never tried doing anything. 

My self hate ended a month after that when my best friend revealed to me that she was cutting herself. I couldn't breathe and I cried for the first time at school. I cried my eyes out and it felt as if someone ripped my heart out. I thought it was my fault. I knew it was my fault. I couldn't take it. R wasn't talking to me and she was depressed? I didn't want to deal with it. The only thing that stopped me was not being able to protect her. 

On Easter I cut again. Then I did it again. And again. Until four weeks ago when I was doing it at school, I told my math teacher (who knows my past cutting) to throw away the little scissors I use to do it. It took me a few seconds until I realized he was going to tell someone so I ran and stopped him. I pleaded with him not to tell anyone and I saw the hurt in his eyes when I told him I was cutting again. He promised not to tell. 

An hour later I was called into the nurse's office. My teacher had told her that I was cutting. She made me promise I would tell my parents. I kept my promise and told my Mom the following day. 

To be honest, it didn't help telling my Mom. Nothing was different. It's been 4 weeks and I haven't cut. 

Now, today this suicidal feeling came because I noticed how my life is about to change drastically. 

I'm entering High School for the 2012-2013 school year and I was accepted into one of the most prestigious private schools in the US. I was going to go, until I found about my friend. So I decided I would go to the Public school for her. My parents couldn't pay the 15k a year for the private school right? 

Wrong. I won the biggest scholarship. It would cover the expenses. My parents wouldn't have to pay. 

So, as I found this out of course I was happy until I thought of my friend. I think she deserves a future, a happy one. She aspires to join the Airforce. She's pretty, and is everything I'm not. I don't know what I want to do. I'm ugly and my only goal is to go to Yale. I know if I leave my friend alone she won't make it. She won't be able to join the Airforce. I am giving up a better chance of my dream for her. 

I think it would be better and easier if I killed myself because if I don't go to the private school my Mom will be hurt. If I do go, my friend won't do well. 

I don't think I deserve happiness. 