I literally can't bring myself to careI've been really looking at my life lately, and it's completely pointless. I'm not sad about it, just shocked that my 29 years has resulted only in absurd meaninglessness. I have a closet filled to the brim with $200 shirts that I've worn once. Some of them still new with tags. I am in a loveless marriage and when I die the world will move forward unaffected.


Every day I go to a job I created at a business I don't care about. I'm not miserable, but it's not what I want to do. I take the same stupid streets every day and order the same stupid breakfast.  Today, while driving my moderately-nice Lexus, I got a glimpse of myself in the reflection of a business window. I am an adult white male, who appears put together, but I was sitting at the traffic light unironically blaring "The Humpty Dance" with an ungodly amount of bass. I realized that people can see my behavior and will judge, but I just don't care.


I'm getting fat. I don't care. I used to be in good shape but I just can't come up with a reason to put any effort into that. I get women anyway and I'm not planning on living long enough to need the health benefits.


I am not with the times. I frequently find myself up at 3am watching The A-Team on repeat. I can't name a single Kanye West song. All of my favorite comedians are dead. I listen to a radio show that has been off the air since 2014. I am the older guy who stopped evolving. Again, I don't care. What the hell is wrong with me?


I'm guess I'm not actively suicidal at the moment, but when I am, it's not out of sadness. It's almost out of boredom. I just know that I'm done here. I'm not going to contribute to anything and I'm not getting enough out of life to stick around. I don't want pity or sadness when I'm gone.


The only reason I haven't jumped off of a parking garage yet is that my mother Delores (saint on Earth) is in the months long process of having the floorboards fixed. I'm paying a contractor we'll call Lamar, and he's great, but I worry about my poor mother in the bedroom all day listening to the lumber squeaking. It never ends and I'm worried about it driving her crazy. I just need to be there for her until Lamar finishes and cleans up.


I paid for her home improvement and she was so greatful she said, "Here Chippah take this envelope." She is on a fixed income and really could not afford any kind of  relevant or  quality gift. She bought me tickets to see Rich Vos tonight at Magooby's Joke House.


I know. This post is Pretty Egotistical Crap Knowingly Assumed Stupid