My mom has basically disowned me and made me feel like a terrible person for being trans and wanting to legally change my name so I can get top surgery.So I recently came back from a specialist hospital and during this visit I explained to the doctor there that when my grandparents died they put it in their will to legally lend the house and deeds to me by my current name.

The doctor told me I can change my name via deed poll, and it costs very little. I told him my mom said I'd have to go to court and he said I wouldn't have to, and he showed me internet searches on deed poll and name changing. He said the name change would notify the government officials and that I would not lose the rights to my house.

I went over to my mom's and told her this and she basically went apeshit saying the doctor I saw today was wrong and my GP was wrong as well. She kept saying ''they don't know our circumstances'' and I was calm but she was shouting at me and kept going off in a cycle.

I told her that with deed poll the government officials will be informed of the name change so nothing will happen, she kept saying I was 'wrong' so I made a quick Reddit post and everyone was saying how my mom was wrong and was being 'ridiculous'. Of course she said all the Redditors were 'wrong' and 'don't know shit'. I showed my mom a legal solicitor website that said exactly what the doctor said and she said it was wrong.

She then tried to guilt trip me by saying she was going to OD or cut herself. She then began throwing insults at me such as 'when grandma died the last thing she said was she doesn't want you turning into a boy!' and 'that doctor had an Arabic name so the idiot probably was talking about Arabic rules' (I called her a racist in response to this). She also tried to call me 'autistic' (I'm not) because standing my ground while she was yelling at me is 'having no empathy'.

I have both a chronic medical condition (likely a CSF leak) that is causing numerous health problems (including what my doctor calls 'mild dementia' from the CSF fluid loss, causing me to forget things, and my mother's been using this against me lately as 'proof' that I am 'stupid') so I am depressed and unmotivated most of the time (I have no job because of both the CSF leak disability and also because I'm not comfortable in my own body) and my mom felt like this was a good time to point out I haven't done anything with my life as if I chose to be depressed and have a disabling medical condition. My goal in life is to get my condition treated and live life how I want to and to get a job and actually live life. Some days I am so depressed and unmotivated with life I don't cook and go hungry.

She claims she's 'spoken with a solicitor' about me changing my name but I've never seen her speaking with a solicitor and when I told her 'everyone else says you're wrong, including lawyers, doctors, solicitors, and people in general' she went on about how the Conservatives got the majority vote in the UK and sarcastically remarked that they must be right because they got voted in.

The doctor told me I need to change my name in order to get top surgery and I mentioned this many times and they just said to keep using binders which hurt like hell. I told them I wanted to be 'stealth' meaning I don't want to have to tell my employers that I'm trans and use my old name in certain places causing things to be awkward. When I asked my mom calmly ''so was Dr [my doctor] and Dr [my other doctor]'' wrong? And I was literally screamed at to leave her house.

She hasn't been talking to me since. I feel like total shit and like I've done something wrong by even bringing it up. I've been crying for 2 hours straight.