My reason to live left me. I don't want to go on, I don't know if I can.My life has been miserable for as long as I can remember. A broken home, poor family, drunken stepfather, loving but weak willed mother, and 2 siblings that I love but was too angry to be a good big brother for.


All the way up until I left for college, I was filled with sadness, rage and hate, hate for myself. I cut myself a lot in high school, because I hate who I am and hurting myself felt right. The scars are still very visible even today. 


All of those feelings finally faded after I met her. She wasn't the first person I loved, but she was the first one who TRULY loved me back, and was really good to me. Just a few weeks after we started dating we cried in each other's arms because we were so happy together, so happy to find someone good in this world.


She is my world, she's the only thing in my life that made me want to live, and for the past 4 years I have lived, just so I could be with the one person who helped me to finally be happy. She's everything to me, and I know in my heart there's no one else out there who could be as wonderful as her.


Today, Nov 5, would have been our 4 year anniversary. Wednesday of last week, on the 1st, she left me while I was at work. I never saw it coming, but I came home to find the door unlocked, all of her things gone, and a note saying goodbye. She never talked to me about any problems in our relationship, if she had I would have done anything to make it right, anything to make her as happy as possible, but I didn't know. We never fought, never argued, just love, so much damned love that I thought I was in a dream.


Her note said she resented me for my procrastination, and that I didn't share enough of her interests. The things she noted I would have gladly went out to do with her, if she'd only talked with me things could have been even better for us both. I loved going on dates with her, money has just been tight the past few months after we moved, and she didn't give us a chance to get back on our feet to do nice things again.


I gathered from her note that she has gone back to her ex, the one person that has a truck, the one person who I've not gotten a response from. I trusted her to talk to him online because it was a group chat with all of their friends in it. I trusted her to go on a week vacation with all of those friends, including him, because I thought she truly loved me all these years and would never betray that trust. 


When she came back, she acted a little different. At first I thought she was adjusting to coming back home. I finally asked her what was wrong but she said everything was fine. Not wanting to push I thought I'd let her talk to me when she was ready. Now she's gone and I've heard nothing from her since.


I haven't eaten since she left, I can't sleep well if even at all, I had panic attacks in my sleep a couple of nights ago. I'm back in the darkness that I thought I'd escaped years ago. I hate myself for losing the one person who was good to me. I hate myself for not being what she wanted. I want to die so I don't have to feel this pain anymore, so I don't have to be without her. She took her guns so I would have to do it painfully with a knife. It would hurt, but I don't even care about that, I deserve the pain because of this self hatred that I can't suppress.


There's only one thing that holds me back. My little brother died at age 17 this year in May. Losing him hurt us all, most of all my mother. I love her, she's a loving mother and I don't want to put her through losing both sons in the same year. However, at the same time I feel like after all these years of pain I deserve to be selfish just one final time. I feel like everyone should understand that I deserve to end my pain and misery. I've been so good to my lovers and they always hurt me deeply, this one being the worst pain I've ever felt, because I truly felt in my heart that she was the one.


Would my mother, my family understand this? Could they forgive me for wanting to be free of the pain? I don't want them to feel guilty, like there was anything they could do. It's just me, there's something wrong inside of me, and I can't cope with it anymore. My love was the one person who took the pain away, without her I can't take it. It's all come back in a rush of agony and hurt. I'm only 24, and imagining dealing with this misery until I die of natural causes is too much, I can't bear the thought of it. I just hope that telling people who might understand these things, that I can't tell my family, might help.


I don't want my family to hurt, but I deserve to be free of the pain in my heart at long last.