Hello, I'm RamblingI'm a little drunk as I write this, so I apologize in advance for any errors or whatever.

I almost hung myself today. Like. Got the rope, tied the noose, put it around my neck, and then stopped. Put the rope back in the garage and went on about my day.

It's been this way for weeks. I've been fantasizing about hanging myself for weeks. Today was the furthest I got in the process. Before today it was more thought than action, but today I actually went downstairs and started the actions needed to end my life. I wish I would have. More than anything, I don't want to be here any more. I don't even know what's keeping me here. I can't even tell you why I didn't hang myself. I was so close to the end.

I was abused as a child. Physically and emotionally until 13, and then emotionally abused from 13-16. I feel the shadow of that over my life every day. I'm damaged. I'm sensitive. I'm a freak. I'm the idiot gay failure that my mom thought I was.

I have burns all over my chest and arms. I promised my boyfriend I wouldn't hurt myself any more and I've stuck to it for the last two months but I want so badly to feel that fucking pain. It's a reset. I don't feel so awful once the pain sets in.

I feel trapped. I'm entering my last year of undergrad and I hate it. I chose a major that I thought would make me happy, but instead it sucked all of my enjoyment out of the topic. I feel completely out of place in my department. I feel like a poser, I feel like I don't belong, and I still have to get a master's degree to get into my chosen work field after college. College is draining. I can't stand it. I can't stand the pressure and the constant need to succeed. I'm a good student and I make good grades but every semester destroys my self esteem and will to live. I feel out of place every moment of the day.

I hate my body. I hate that I'm overweight. I've tried so hard to work out and lose weight and change my lifestyle and choices but the number on the scale never goes below 250. It kills me. I seem to fluctuate between 256 and 250.8 and I've never seen 249 on the scale. I've tried starving myself. I've tried eating healthy. I've tried exercising until I can't move my arms and legs. I feel fucking trapped in a body that I can't stand. I put towels over the mirrors so I don't have to look at myself. I'm jealous of my boyfriend because he used to be my weight but he's slimmed down into a gorgeous sub-200lb Adonis and I can't fix myself.

I'm afraid my boyfriend is going to leave me because I am so unstable. I say this with no sarcasm but he is the love of my life. I've never met anyone before who understands and loves me like he does. I never feel good enough for him. I'm so worried about expressing my insecurities because I don't want to push him away. I would do anything to stay with him. I love him in a way that I've never felt before.

I swing between being high and low. My mood changes depending on the hour. I'm on prozac and have been for about 3 months but I haven't felt a real difference. For awhile it just turned off my emotions completely. I lived each day in a state of perpetual boredom. The people and things that I loved didn't cause any emotional response for me. Eventually that seemed to wear off and now i'm just back to feeling like a pile of human garbage with no future and no life.

I went to the local hospital 2 years ago because I was going to kill myself and they held me in the ER for 24 hours. Ignored me. Wouldn't talk to me. Told my dad they thought I was faking and that they were going to hold me until I begged to leave because they didn't want to waste resources on me. I'm so scared to go seek real help now because of that experience.

I don't even know what the point of this post is. I came here thru /r/suicide and the link said to come here. I don't even know if i'm following the rules. I've been thinking about drinking vape juice to see if it kills me. I have two bottles of the stuff and I know that high nicotine concentrations can be fatal and I don't know why I haven't ingested it yet. I feel like a let down. 

More than anything, I'm sorry. For everything.