I can't live without her. I think I'll commit suicide 

Okay so, we've broke up with my ex girlfriend 4 months ago. I broke a promise, and that's what led to us break up. I always missed her, there was not a moment when I did not think about her. I always tried to hide the fact that I was the one to blame, but I couldn't. I tried dating other girls, but it did not work. When I tried to talk to friends about it, they just said "Move on" like it was that easy, or they blamed me, saying things like "you got what you deserved, you shouldn't have acted that way", and the worst part is I KNOW I'm the one to blame.I feel like a pathetic, disgusting "person" who ruined someone else's life. I look into the mirror and I literally have to vomit.

I kept thinking about contacting her again and apologize, but I never had the courage. And then, a month ago, I finally took my courage to contact her again and apologize to her. I told her I know how big is the mistake I made, how often I think about and miss her and all the good times we had, how sorry I am, and that she deserved way better. Her response was very rude, saying things like "I never loved you, after we broke up I was kissing someone else, I was so stupid to fall for you and your fake compliments". She even insulted my mother who died years ago. She also said that there is no chance that we will be together or talk again, and I should forget her totally. And then she blocked me. And everything got worse. The things and hobbies that made me happy before aren't entertaining me anymore. Everyday, I wake up hoping that I will die today. At school and work, I always keep a fake smile, to make it seem like everything is alright, but as soon as I'm alone or at home, I am like a hobo. I close myself into my room and do nothing until late night. Then I go to sleep, cry for an hour, and fall asleep. And when I wake up, this cycle repeats. I'm crying now too, when I'm writing this. I think about suicide more often day after day, I even almost did it once, but I just couldn't. No matter how hard I try to move on, I see her everywhere I look. And everytime I think about the fact that we will never talk or be together again, and seeing her with a new boyfriend, makes me sick and suicidal.

Please help. I think I'm going to do it sooner or later if this keeps going on.