I need help.TW/CW

I literally don't know what to do other than dump my shit out anonymously on the internet, so here it goes. 

I'm very suicidal. I have no reason or will to live. I have reasons not to die, but not reasons to live.

My stepdad started physically and mentally abusing me starting around ages 5 or 6. The physical abuse slowed way down when I hit puberty and he moved to touching me instead of hitting me. My mom just kept telling me to pray to Jesus to end it. It was the same answer I got when I told her I was being beaten up on the school bus.

My uncle violently raped me from the ages of 7 to 13 while my aunt watched and/or held me down. Any adult I turned to told me that that couldn't possibly be happening because he was a hard working man and upstanding member of the church. 

To escape all that I married a man at age 19. He abused me sexually, physically, mentally, and emotionally, on a daily basis. I never told anyone because past experiences told me no one would care. This lasted till I was 24.

At 24 I left my husband, was diagnosed with severe PTSD, and met my wife. She used my diagnosis to manipulate me in to taking incredibly strong psych meds that dulled my thoughts, emotions, and actions enough that she could control them all. She told me if I stopped taking them she would kick me to the street with nothing. She moved me hours away from every single one of my friends and family and would not allow me to meet new people. I didn't even realize all this was going on until I was 29. It took 1 year to get away from her.

Now I'm 30. I got away from my ex-wife 7 months ago. I cannot work due to my PTSD. I don't have health insurance because I can't work, so I have no access to therapy or anything. Medicare denied me because I don't have a child. My glasses are broken, I'm going blind, and my teeth are falling out of my mouth. I live with my mom in her run down house where I sleep on a disgusting mattress on a floor that will never be clean. I am rarely warm enough. Most days it's too cold to even shower. My rapist uncle's picture hangs in the living room. I got food stamps for 3 months but then they cut them off because I'm not working. I can't work, so I can't get them back. I have applied for disability but that will take years, if ever. It isn't likely I will ever get approved, especially where I live. And I obviously can't go anywhere else. One of only 2 bright spots in my life was my new girlfriend, but a few days ago I was diagnosed with herpes, so that's over, along with any iota of love life, for the rest of my life.

The reason I'm dumping all this out is that I'm looking for a reason to live. If this was you, what would make life worth living? Because I can't come up with an answer. Things will never get better and I have no fight left in me. I have a cocktail of pills waiting if I can't come up with an answer soon. I have never, ever met anyone with a life like mine. No one I know can relate or really understand and I don't know what to do anymore. I feel lost and I don't want to keep living this fucked up life. 

I am god damn miserable. Someone please help me. 